3	We wanted to live it up in Vegas, but since we couldn't get last-minute reservations for 10+ people, so we checked out Trevi. It took us about 1 minute to get seated (great!), our waitress was nice and pretty (Korean girl. we made a bet to find out what her ethnicity is!), and everyone had fun eating pasta and sipping wine, iced tea, gin and tonics, etc. Well, we had a good time. The food was just average but overall, the experience is great. Can't remember if we ever asked for the waitress's name but look for the cute Korean girl.
2	Multiple Choice Quiz:1.  How long does it take to make and deliver two salads?a)  5 minutesb)  15 minutesc)  30 minutesd)  45 minutes2.  What is the appropriate  waiter response if the wait for a salad is longer than 30 minutes?a)  "Terribly sorry about this!"b)  "I'll have these out momentarily and apologize for the wait."c)  "Please don't hurt me hungry ladies - please."d)  "Well, somebody stole the first one.  It'll be a couple more minutes."3.  How should a hungry green bunny deal with a lack of immediately available veggies?a)  wait patiently and be sereneb)  down several glasses of wine and dance on the tablesc)  start sharpening the fork tinesd)  gaze at the fountain, sigh loudly and pray her stomach doesn't decide to consume her spleenAnswers:If you responded with (d) to all of the above - you win!
3	This place was satisfying if you take into account the location you are in, decor, and service, but do not order the pizza. I was really disappointed.. it was totally an American Pizza. The good side was the ciabatta bread they served & the tuna tartar appetizer (mind you..not very italian hahaha..with the avocado and all) although it was still really really good.All in all, food is pretty average. The up side is that you are conveniently located in Caesar's and the ambiance is pretty nice, too.Pros:+ good service+ nice location in Caesars, and nice decor+ I really liked the background music too, all italianCons:- very americanized Italian food. Although I was expecting this as the name of the restaurant is very cliche
4	NOTE:  While Trevi is a Italian restaurant, I am reviewing the gelato stand to the side of the establishment so please consider this dessert review independent of the restaurant as I've never eaten here before.Situated inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops in vivaaaaaa Las Vegas, Trevi's gelato was a welcome surprise and discovery.  At first you might not notice it hidden around to the corner of the main restaurant, but the gelato here is molto squisito!  That's Italian for: holy crap this is yummers!!It's so good, every time I come to Vegas now, I absolutely must stop by this place each trip to grab a generous helping of their very excellent tiramisu gelato.  I highly recommend it.  Real pieces of ladyfingers and just the right amount of rum soaked in - It's the most authentic tiramisu-flavored dessert that I've tried that isn't the real deal.  Of course there's other flavors to choose from but I'm a sucker for all things tiramisu so if they can make it this good, the rest has to be pretty good.  Actually, my friends tried other flavors and they agreed it's very good without having to resort to go to Italy.Prices are reasonable at about $6 a pop.  But hey you're in Vegas, indulge yourself!
4	So we all know that Vegas becomes more pretentious by the day, leading up to full raunchy craziness on the weekends. It's exactly the same at Trevi. The waiters get better looking the closer you get to the weekend, the specials a little more glamorous, and the alcohol a little tastier. We went two nights in a row, and the first night ordered so much food I actually had leftovers. The pizza I ordered was good but not great, but the bruschetta we ordered as an appie was outstanding. The bread was perfectly soaked with the juices of the tomato and the olive oil, and there was a lovely little palette cleansing salad to wash it down with. The only interesting part for me was discovering the mushrooms in the tomato mix... Seriously, fungi? Never have I had that in bruschetta before. Whatev. Last night, the waiter forgot to bring us our palenta fries, and when I asked him to take them off our bill and not bring them, he comped them, but brought them out as a bonus. See? Wasn't that nice? In Vegas, everyone's a winner!
5	My wife and I were jetlagged on east coast time and stopped by here for dinner at about 3:30pm Vegas time.This place gets five stars because the waiter we had was extremely accommodating.  Even though they weren't serving their dinner menu yet, the kid took our custom orders and even had the chef make a risotto dish for my wife that wasn't on the menu.  Anybody that will go to those lengths deserves props.And the food was pretty good, the drinks were strong, and sitting out by the fountain was nice.
4	I've had my share of meals in Vegas.  In recent years, I've dined mostly in casinos where my parents have an obscene amount of points and we don't have to pay for anything.  This time, we had dinner one night at Trevi, which is in the Forum Shops and thus separate from Caesar's Palace.  Between the four of us, we had two paper-thin pizzas and two salads.  I ordered a gigantic seafood salad.  It has shrimp, scallops, crab.... so darn tasty.  The pizzas were perfect, thin, crispy, stringy cheesy.  We looked at the wine list...really overpriced.  We recognized some of the wines, definitely not worth the price.  But way down somewhere in the menu, near the pizzas was a house "pizza wine".  The bottle was 20 some-odd dollars.  It was a light red, bubbly wine.  It wasn't sweet, it was actually quite refreshing and delicious.  Perfect for the ordered meal....
3	Not bad food and I like the atmosphere of eating in the middle of the Forum Shops.  A little expensive for what you get (but I suppose that's an apt description of a lot of Las Vegas restaurants).  Our waiter was good, and even pointed out that a dish I initially ordered wasn't their best.  It seemed a little odd at the time to have a waiter bad-mouth a dish, but I appreciated the honesty and ordered something else. While there are many other places to go in Vegas that I would recommend this was a good choice since we didn't have reservations anywhere else that night.
4	The food was great, but the service was disappointing.  We came here for a late lunch after spending a few hours at Qua Spa.  The pizza here was amazing, with generous toppings and a crispy crust.  Our server was not very responsive to getting water glasses filled and checking in on our meal.
4	Our last day in Vegas,Decided to window shop at Caesar's Palace and made a pit stop at Trevi for lunch. Our server was great, he's always on cue (He's blonde and were glasses). By the time you finished your iced tea, he put's down another one, what a service or either that he can tell we're dehydrated from consuming so much alcohol in our weekend stay. We ordered cream of mushroom (yummy), calamari (ok), crab spinach & artichoke dip (yummy), salad (gigantic) and 3 of us ordered linguini di mare (huge proportion but bland in taste). Pricey lunch but hey you're in Vegas. After our lunch, we were so ready to be back home, away from cigarettes & cigar smokes.
4	Trevi is excellent.  after losing a a ton of money at the tables, you can easily wander over to the forum shops and get some Italian comfort food.  Excellent.
4	This used to be Bertolini's.  We wandered to this restaurant for the first time as a rescue for our poor bodies after walking around the Forum Shops all day long.  What a welcome feast.  The lasagna is so rich and creamy, not like the usual dish that's drowning in a tangy tomato sauce.  The cheese in this dish was incredible.  It wasn't oozing out from the layers of pasta, but it simply melted in your mouth.  How did they do that?  Another favorite is the Romano Chicken over a bed of spinach.  Tender chicken crusted with cheesy breadcrumbs and a mushroom cream sauce.  Yeah baby.  And the good thing is, you're in the mall, so you can walk off the calories afterwards.  The restaurant has since changed the name to Trevi, but in talking to the staff, it's the same restaurant.  Same location in the Forum, same menu.
4	We didn't have the patience to continue looking around faor other places to eat in the Forum Shops, so we stopped here. Also, the big plus is that it wasn't that packed (compared to Wolfgang Puck's which is right around the corner). The food is pretty good, and service is decent. They make some tasty martinis too!
1	horrific food. lousy service. my eggplant was inedible. i tried to send it back. my husband had sausage and polenta. the sausage was hard and burnt, over garliced and over spiced. it tasted like charcoal. the polenta was flavorless and soggy and didn't even resemble corn meal. tasted like it was made from ground cardboard. house red was lousy.
3	The food wasn't too bad.. atmosphere was nice and fun.. a decent place to go eat when you're tired of shopping and hungry! :)  I had pasta and it was pretty good.. the portions are decent and it was more than enough for me.  the waiter was really nice and they offered us free desert because it was my friends party :)
3	My bf and I were staying at Caesars and after a long drive from LA, we were practically starving. I wanted to try Spagos next door, however after looking at the menu posted in front, nothing caught our attention as sounding good. So we decided to try out Trevi.I ordered the Lasagna which was pretty good, but not the best I've had. My bf got the chicken parmigiana and he thought it was pretty tasty. Loved my peach belinis. Overall, the service was good, the food came out quick, and the prices were cheaper than I expected.
4	We came here back in February for dinner during our Bachelorette Weekend Bash!  [ Not my Bachelorette party, mind you ;) ]  Anyway, the food was delicious and everything you expected it to be.  I personally think Italian food is somewhat predictable, but that is a good thing sometimes.  I wasn't too hungry.  [ Okay fine, I didn't want to each too much cause we were planning on hitting the clubs after. ]  So I ordered the Calamari Fritti appetizer.  It was delicious and more than enough food for an entree, but I suppose it's meant to be shared.  Anyway, it was fried calamari which was done perfectly, not overcooked and chewy.  It also included lightly fried veggies all dressed with a Lemon sauce.  The Grey Goose dirty martini with three olives I ordered was also made perfectly.  Strong and salty, just how I like it!The waiter was extremely nice and friendly.  Minus 1 Star for the somewhat crowded seating arrangement.  There was a private party occupying the entire upper floor, so this may be the explanation.  Overall a good experience.
4	After checking out all the restaurants in the Forum Shops, we decided to eat at Trevi because of the atmosphere.  After all, what's better then sitting out in the Forum shops with the giant fountain and the view of all the passers by?!  We came on a Friday night around 8pm and we were seated within 5 minutes, and they gave us a pretty good seat near the fountain.  The server came quickly with waters and a drink order.   Our server was friendly and efficient, and he came back several times throughout our stay to make sure everything was ok.The food was delicious and reasonably priced.  I loved every bite, but I don't remember the name of my dish.  ;)  My boyfriend had the lasagna and I had a bite, it was delicious!
3	There are two listings of the same place here. The food was good. Very tasty and satisfying, especially for those who go on the whim and try the place out. Our server, Pickle, yeah I know, ha ha. He was very friendly and very attentive to our needs.  Go here if you don't know where to go or if you don't have a dinner reservation. It will not disappoint you.
3	This place is good, the service is quick and it's a good place to people-watch. I think the inside of the forum shops is a little creepy with the fake sky painted on the ceiling but that's just me. If you're craving Italian food in Vegas, go here.
3	The false roman setting is gorgeous.  I fell in love with Caesar's Palace for my first trip to Vegas.  So while we were waiting to see Elton John we just walked up and nabbed an 'outdoor table'.  Our server was very nice and accomadating.  Just beware - not freshly made food (which is why it's so afforable).  When I order lasagna and chicken parmingna at least let me get 3 sips of wine in before you bring it out in all of it's heat lamp cheese looking glory!  It's the illusion!!  But it was good kitchy fun in Vegas which is what it's all about right?
3	I came here one afternoon with two of my friends after shopping for lunch and I was not as satisfied as I was expectingn to be. I had the chicken with artichoke and dried tomatoes over pasta while they had the polenta with chicken and my other friend i do not remember what he had. But he ordered an italian soda and didnt like it. I liked my dish but didnt love it and my other friend was not liking his plate at all. After we ate, we ordered a chocolate molten lava cake but the cake was very dry and hard. It was not worth $120
4	Only been here once to eat dinner. Had Linguini with clams and it was DELISH.... I haven't had pasta with seafood THAT GOOD since we've been to Europe. It was kinda expensive, but totally worth it. Would definitely go here again!
3	I came here before when it was Bertolino's and it wasn't bad.  Extremely large portions was what I remembered.  I came back again in May and had a bachelorette dinner for my gf. The service here was awesome.  I had great help setting up the dinner and our server was very accomodating.  I tried the tuna tartare and calmari appetizer it was pretty good.  I had a seafood pasta entree that I thought was just alright.  At least the bottle of pinot grigio I ordered was not bad.
3	Eh - just ok. Not great, not terrible either. We sat at the bar and shared some appetizers and wine. The bartender was chatty and sweet, although when I asked if they had lemonchello( a fav after meal treat at any italian rest!) I was super excited to hear that, yes in fact she makes it herself! However, my excitement quickly ended upon tasting it... gasoline would have been a nicer way to end my meal. I did get a happy little buzz going, and after all that IS what your supposed to do in Vegas!
3	Not too shabby...nothing to write home about.  It is really cool to sit 'outside' next the fountain and feel like you are somewhere completely different.  The service was good.  The pasta was good - I had the chicken, sundried tomatoes, and artichoke dish.  There is plenty to look at while you are dining.
1	Shortly after arriving in Vegas only to find that the check in line to our hotel was out the effin door due to a stupid computer glitch, we decided to drop our bags with the good ol' bell boys (dont have to rely on computers for that!) and take ourselves out to some dinner.  Well naturally we head to Caesars Palace, hoping for a great find.  We head to Trevi, and for what looked like a busy night, got seated impressively fast.  But I would soon be disappointed, when it must've taken about 10 minutes for someone to finally get around to asking us if we wanted anything to drink.  Not to mention, we were helped by about 4 different guys in the entirety of our stay.  Some of which we politely asked about twice if we could please get extra sets of silverware - apparently we were seated at a table that was far from being prepared for the next party. I dont know if it was the time ( it was only 10-early in Vegas ) but some of those guys must have seriously been drunk,  at some point, the guy picking up our plates dropped a knife down the back of my chair!Food was ok....in my opinion, its hard to remember food when the service overpowers your experience. Dont know that I'll ever give it a second chance.
5	THE ORDERFrito MistoItalian sausage pizzaMerlot, Red Rock (yummy affordable red, fruity & spicy but not to tannic)YIPPEEE1 of the best Frito misto's I've ever had               we fought over the last scallop               after 5 days in Vegas it was the only thing i wanted more ofPeople watching in a beautiful settingBOOOVegas is 400 miles away & I already wanna go back
4	I had the Penne Puttanesca and it was great.  We also ordered the Frito Misto which I recommend.  It was spicy so watch out!  This place is cute and it's an outdoor-like setting inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  It's fun to people watch :)
2	This was slightly short of OK.  Table and chairs were uncomfortable.  it looked really cute, but it was crowded, busy, and the waitstaff was rude, rushed us, and overall, it wasn't a pleasant dining experience.
2	This Place is Pretty good, me and My GF were visiting from Los Angeles Area and the food was pretty good, the price is pretty high for the food u get, the italian soda are good. and the sorbetto was good too. when we got the entrees u dont get any sides with it, i think they need to serve sides with the entrees and the price for a salad thats not chopped up for u is ridiculous.   but if u wanna have a good brunch or Dinner go to the top of the world restaurant at the stratosphere.
4	I love the location! Great for people watching. The appetizers are good. The fettuccine alfredo is so good, not too creamy. The pizzas are really good too. I love thin crust pizzas!
4	My favorite thing about Trevi is the location and the drinks! Great location, in the middle of the Forum shops next to the big fountain with the horses with wings. They have a cute patio area thats opens to the fountain. Fun place to sit and people watch.  My boyfriend and I had lunch there. He doesnt like to be seen when he eats so we ended up in the indoor dining area which is also very nice. Its nice and cozy with a contempory style. We had a great booth near the bar which had flatscreens that had the Warrior game on. I had the Chicken Marinato pizza which was the bomb, cant go wrong with anything that has pancetta. They have a blended martini there called, I think lemontini or something like that! Its very refreshing and not too sweet like typical "fru fru" drinks and a must when eating at Trevi. Its a creeper so watch out!! Overall great service, great food and a great experience. Its a little bit on the pricey side but portions are a good size so you can always share.
4	A favorite restaurant of ours.  Has a very good wine list and also very good Italian food.  Yes, the prices are high, but where in Vegas can you get the $1.99 deal anymore?  The food is clean and straightforward, not frilly and overdone.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes good Italian.
4	I ate here for a late lunch while strolling through the Forum shops.  It seemed a good choice as it was fairly reasonably priced with some lighter options - salads, pizzas, soups, appetizers.  The food is definitely not cheap but it was not outrageous, either, especially in comparison with some of the other options at Caesar's.I opted for the Tuscan Tuna Salad.  It was a very good salad and completely hit the spot (I was searching for something light after eating a pretty large but pretty early breakfast, and drinking a Fat Tuesday drink).  The salad was large with fresh ingredients and a nice flavor.  The tuna added the protein to satisfy me and hold me until a later dinner.  The service was very prompt and friendly, and the setting inside the Forum is pleasant.  There is a fountain nearby and you can watch people while you're eating.  I didn't try too many things here but, based on what I did try, I would be likely to return if I was in the area and looking for a good bit to eat.
4	Loved it. Would definitely go back.if only I could remember what I ordered.
3	So this was my second time to this restaurant, but a much different experience.  The first time I went here, it was with Eunju O., and it was more on a romantic level.This last time I went, it was with my CES crew, and it was not a romantic dinner.  The food here is decent, but the price is a bit higher than what I would expect for a restaurant in the Forum Shops.  The 3 of us ordered a main dish and a drink, and the bill ended up being over $80.  Not too expensive, but for what we got, it still seemed a bit high.  Maybe it was because we had "outdoor" seating.
3	Trevi is nothing extraordinary, but is quite yummy and only a litte overpriced. I got the cheese ravioli which was pretty delicious but didn't need to be $20. However, in Vegas, Trevi is quite affordable and nicely located in Ceasar's Palace. I do strongly recommend getting the Polenta Fries. I'd never seen such a cute, creative way to serve polenta, (shaped like french fries with marinara sauce to dip it).
4	Call me crazy, but I really enjoyed this place. You can get a ton of food for a decent price while sitting outside watching the "statues" near the trevi fountain at the forum. It is a nice place to sit and relax after walking the strip or shopping all day. The minestrone soup, pizza, bread, salads, etc were all 2 steps higher than an Olive garden, but not as ritzy as say Spago. Save the money and the long wait in line and just eat at Trevi.
5	I had my wedding reception here and it turned out amazing! Lalana was great with every aspect of planning my wedding. The food was amazing, the service everything! I was so happy I chose to have my reception here, it made our day even more unforgettable!
2	We went here because it was the only restaurant in Forum shops that was open at 10:30pm on a Thursday night. I felt like I could have gotten better food for the price. I had the Chicken Limon- a plate of grilled chicken pieces, sun-dried tomato, some veggies, on top of a bed of pasta for $26. It plain and nothing GREAT. The one thing I did like about this place was the setting. We were seated in the area outside of the restaurant next to the gorgeous fountain. The location is nice but the food ...blehh... overpriced and unimpressive!
4	We at at Trevi last weekend, the food was really good.  I had carpaccio and a very nice Caprese salad, my DH had a nice pasta dish and the kids had pizza.  The service was good and the restaurant is in the forum shops at Cesar's palace
4	Awesome food!  We walked all over, and this place had only a few minutes wait, we sat right next to the fountain 'outside' (inside the Forum) - Really nice.  We had 3 different pastas and all 3 were fresh and done very well.
3	Decent ambiance for the "outdoor" seating and good, but unremarkable Italian. Their Caprese salad was excellent as was the bruschetta. Overall, not a bad place to grab a bite to eat if you happen to be in the Forum.
2	The most exciting thing about my meal here was drinking a frozen bellini and watching two men eat with prostitutes. It gave Nick and I some serious conversation topics from why would you pay for dinner for a call girl to do you think they have them on a nightly rate and a great debate on how much that would cost where we pooled all of our TV/movie knowledge and used inflation rates to determine our answers. The rest was just Italian food that someone I know could probably make just as well for me. Nick and I split a chopped Italian salad and Rigatoni Bolognese. I would have rather had Burger Palace.The service however was outstanding. And that always goes a long way in my book.
4	This place was a bit of a find to get to. But once we found it, we had a good time. My order was HUGE! It was a lot bigger than what I had expected! And it was yummy too. We sat in their "outdoor" seating which we were able to comment on the people that walked by. Saw some interesting creatures there that is for sure! Our waiter was great...everytime my water or iced tea (I was pregnant then) got halfway empty it was refilled. Couldn't have asked for anyone better!
5	While in Vegas we stumbled upon Trevi and decided to stop for lunch. I am so happy we did because this has got to be the best pizza and tiramisu I have ever had. The atmosphere to start with was perfect. We sat right next to the fountain, the lighting is dim and the air is cool. I don't remember the last time I have felt so relaxed and comfortable at a restaurant. Anyway, what makes the pizza so superb is the way the crust is warm, thin, and crusty but still soft on the inside. This comes from the fact they make their pizzas in a brick fired oven. The toppings were also fresh and they use real cheese not imitation. Very filling pizza as well.The tiramisu we decided to split three ways and it was perfect. The ladyfingers were soft but not soaked through with the coffee and the taste was just phenomenal. When I make it out to Vegas again, rest assured I will be back to Trevi!
3	Service was pretty good. Food was decent. Ambiance was nice...kind of a contemporary lounge feel. Pretty nice drink list.
2	Damn, this place sucks.   We ordered 4 different dishes and only 1 was decent - the spaghettini pomodoroThe bread they give you before the meal taste like they went to the local supermarket and bought some Sara Lee brand.    It was untoasted and dry.Ambiance is cool though since you can sit out in the faux-outdoors of Cesar Forum Shops plaza and look at the sky.   Food is overpriced for what it is.   I had to send back my chicken parmigana because it was burnt crisp.   The waiter asked if wanted something else (which was nice) and I ordered the chicken marsala.   That was just as bad.    Just look over your shoulder and go to Spagos, 50 ft away.    Much better.
2	This place is well positioned coming out of the Caesars casino onto the mall, but all else is average.Appetizers were small and two of them barely stemmed hunger for a party of five. The food was really average for what you might expect. I had the lasagna and it seemed like it had been re-warmed and sitting on the plate for a while. Obviously microwaved at the last minute.All other meals were just OK.I expected better for the price. Keep walking.
3	A-OK restaurant with decent cuisine.   Had better Italian, but nice atmosphere.   Definitely recommend to seat outside overlooking the "Fountain of Youth"... Or on the Second Level by the big-high open windows!
2	Trevi would not be a destination restaurant in Vegas nor would it be my first choice for a business dinner, which is the occasion that we were there. Trevi is situated in the the Forum Shops with majority of its seating in the mall. The inside of the restaurant is very nice and comfortable with its high ceilings, open kitchen and dark colors. Sitting in the restaurant rather than the patio is highly recommended. The dinning room keeps all the mall noise out and it feels more like a restaurant rather than apart of a mall food court. The service was great at first with prompt delivery of menus, drinks, bread and appetizers. After the appetizers were served service became nonexistent. After receiving the bill, it turned out that the gratuity was already added. It was then obvious as to why our server began focusing his efforts on smaller tables...weather he sucked or not he was still getting his tip. The food was not great or bad...it was just something to cure your hunger. We started out with the bread that they serve to each table and it really served no purpose but to fill your stomach with its complete lack of flavor. For appetizer we shared a couple of pizzas that were the best part of the meal. Despite the canned tomatoes on the margarita pizza they were very good. For dinner I ordered the bolognese pasta. The pasta was cooked perfectly but the taste reminded me of Olive Garden. We all shared dessert. The Tiramisu, the hot molten chocolate cake and the ice cream were the highlight of the meal, with the chocolate cake being the best of the three. Overall the food was bland, unexciting...really nothing special. The food is on the same level of Olive Garden, but the price is on the level of finer dinning. If you're thinking of Trevi for dinner, keep walking and go to Spago instead.
3	It's not the finest dining there is on the strip so don't expect it to be. I mean c'mon, let's be real here for a second - it's basically located inside a MALL. So what if Gucci, Dior, Fendi, LV are all buddies in this playground? It's still a mall.Anyway. My girls and I were horrified by a 45 minute wait time at Serendipity. For frozen hot chocolate? No thanks honey, i'd rather trek to New York. Trevi it was. Entree portions are big. I'm a big eater too, but I still couldn't finish my food. Food is pretty good for it's price as well.
1	Went to the bar for happy hour and our bartender was so rude...and so was everyone else...They acted as if we did not exist...They're lucky I left them three cents instead of the two I really should have given them...boo for them!
3	Nice location inside the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace. Food was ok, definitely had better. But the service was peachy :)  I loved the servers tie, soo cute!!
3	Food: Solid B - Bread was a bit "out of the bag".  Frutti di Mare was average fare.  Lasgna was good according to my companions.Service: A - Seated immediately with prompt service and the waiter made sure our friend got a birthday treat ($12 Gelato Sundae) on the house and they brought her a vodka-orangcello!Atmosphere: B- - Quite loud being in the middle of the forum shops but that was expected.Wine: A good wine list as they did have my friend's favorite Italian wine (she's done extensive travel in Italy).Good choice if you're hungry and want a more casual spot without any fancy-shmancy feel.  The price was a bit high though for the quality of the food though it did come out quickly and as mentioned came with great service.
4	So I'm pretty sure my memories of this place are good, but I can't remember what my friend and I ate...I remember service was pretty crappy, but I liked the location of the restaurant, and just the feel of it was a real nice, easy going type. Anyway, I'm pretty sure we had an appetizer and a pizza. Oh, we had the spinach dip, I think, as the appetizer. Anyway, they make good strong drinks ;)  (Maybe the source of my lack of memory for the food...)Guess not very memorable food, but I do have fond memories of this place.
4	good service, great location, and delicious food :)the pastas here are incredible and the portions are hearty.  it also doesn't hurt that the wait staff make excellent eye candy...bon apetito!
5	the yummy Pistachio Gelato at Trevi tastes as good as the ones in Italy.  it is creamy and not too sweet...  having one in my hand as i stroll around the Trevi fountain and the Forum Shops makes me happy.the Stracciatella Gelato is a bit too rich and the Tiramisu Gelato tastes a little off, but the Pistachio Gelato is just right.
4	Dear Trevi, I wish you made a creme brulee gelato. I like your current flavors but can't get over the fact that they are almost always the same each time I come into town. I guess consistency is good but change can be embraced as well. The prices here are reasonable and the service is simply sufficient. I mean, how great a rating can you give for service at an ice cream/gelato counter? really. . . YUMMIE though!
5	Great food and a really fun atmosphere.   Rufus was our server this time and a month ago when I was in Vegas for new years eve.  He's a really nice guy.
4	The service was unbelievable! Everytime my glass was empy, the server  was by my side asking if I'd like another.  The dirty martinis were fabulous! We started with the calamari and bruschette, very good!  For entree I ordered the fish with fettucine and alfredo sauce, delicious. The portions are huge, so you're probably better off sharing. After dinner and a few drinks,  you can head over to Gucci or Fendi in the Forum shops and buy yourself a new bag ;).
3	Good but not great food.  Friendly service.  Fun place with nice location in Forum Shops.
5	Best latte I've ever had.
4	Spending the afternoon cruising the forum shops @ Caesars we stopped for a late lunch here. Things started slow and had me worried but things came together by mid-meal.You can sit "indoors" at and around the bar area or "outside" on the patio next to the Atlantis water fountain...if water noise is soothing for you than definitely sit near the fountain. The fountain will also drown out a lot of the people noise since Trevi is located near a heavy activity hub in the forum shops.We were attended to quickly and seated...took about 5 minutes for a waiter to show up for us even though there were only 5 tables of people for 3 waiters to handle.When we were helped our waiter seemed not interested in his job and it took another 10 minutes to get water. We stuck it out and started out with an order of their made-in-house Polenta fries...never had them before and I'd have to say it would be hard to beat these...so good...Our waiter got a lot better as our meal continued...maybe he had something or someone else giving him a rough time but since service got better I won't let it affect my rating.My friend ordered the Caesar salad which, besides being a HUGE portion, was well presented and richly flavored. Fresh as could be. I went simple with a margarita pizza...one of the best brick oven fired pizzas I've had. Light, flavorful, and fresh. Everything was better than we expected,While the service did improve I will say that the food far exceeded the service here. If you're not in a huge rush definitely stop here for good food and people watching.You've got to get the homemade sorbetto...I don't know what it is but no matter where I've gone in Vegas...good service or bad...crap entrees or good...every dessert I've had has been off the charts good. Trevi follows suite...even with a plain sounding vanilla I was hooked.Spend-o-meter: very reasonable for 2 people...we hit a little over 50 after tip.Service: Got better after a really rough start...not counting that I'd say it was B service...count the bad service I'd give it a C/C-Portions: Large on the salads...ideal on personal pizzas and desserts...Food quality: A+Will I go back: Yes...good views, awesome decor, and so much to try on the menu...I also think my bad service experience was a one-off issue based on many of the reviews already here.
4	I love this place! Positioned by a mock-up of the famous Trevi Fountain in Rome in the middle of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops Promenade, Trevi is an excellent place to enjoy a casual lunch or dinner in a relaxed atmosphere with the interesting feeling that you're sitting outside, (when you're actually inside). Try to position yourself at least 30 feet from the large fountain if you want to hear each other speak. The decibel level of the fountain's spewing waters will rival any meaningful conversation you might want to have. The Fettuccine Alfredo that I ordered at $18.00 was undoubtedly the best I ever tasted. The Alfredo sauce was creamy with a beautiful hint of parmigiana, and the fettuccine pasta was perfectly aldente. --A true masterpiece. My friend's seafood risotto, at $29.95, was also prepared exceptionally well. The entrees were preceded by a well prepared Caesar Salad, as well as an artichoke dip, at $14.00, that was quite tasty,but needed  a few more crostini (croutons) for dipping. Dinner was enjoyed with several glasses of a nice buttery Chardonnay and capped off by a shared slice of strawberry, cheesecake at $8.00, which was also very tasty. I recommend Trevi to everyone. It has such a relaxed old-world charm and atmosphere, and is also a perfect place to people-watch.  --One of my all-time favorites!
4	Located on the main mall drag opposite a model of La Fontana Trevi (Roma), it is quite the popular venue for tourists wishing a view of the water fountain. While the wait to be seated outside is a little bit longer than seating inside, being in the restaurant is just as pleasant and frankly might garner you even quicker service when you are starved. Attention to customer service was superb. Service super fast and with a smile. Food was no better or no worse than expected for the price in Vegas -- fast-food meets high end decor type of an establishment. Pleasant music and clean establishment makes for a must stop on your dinner plans with family.
5	I brought my girlfriend here for her birthday dinner so we could dine with the Gods...  Beautiful location at the heart of Caesars Palace, and pretty easy to find right next to the Fountain of the Gods.I made the reservation for 9pm but we were running late, I called the restaurant and they were very cool to allow me to change the reservation to 9:30 instead. We got there, and bypassed 5 people who shot evil looks at me in line (but didn't say anything to me) and we were ushered to our table next to oval bar promptly. I'm glad that we opted to sit inside the restaurant rather than out in their "courtyard" as it was very noisy... Noise from the water crashing over the fountain, hundreds of people meandering around, would have made conversation nearly impossible. We started with the pepperoni pizza as our appetizer from their brick oven. OMG, the crust was awesome! Super thin, reminiscient to naan...  ordered a few specialty cocktails. I had the veal parmigiana- lightly breaded veal in romano bread with a small amount of linguini pomodoro and washed it down with a nice big glass of 14 Hands cab. sauv. Our server was pretty good, but I did have to request my wine twice and was half way done with my meal by the time it came out to me. I also thought the pomodoro sauce could have had more flavor but I still give the Trevi experience 5 stars.
2	HATE  The not-fully cooked piece of chicken in my capellini pomodoro.  Another waiter used our table as a temporary holding spot for another table's menus, food, etc.DISLIKE  Our server forgot to put lemon in my water (which I asked for).  My friend's "baked" lasagna came out 5 minutes before mine did (and I ordered my food at least 10 minutes before he did).  The hostess couldn't sit me at a clean, empty table I preferred, but she definitely sat someone there a few minutes later.LIKE  The server remembered I was in a hurry cause I was on break at work so he brought the check quickly.  The patio has a great view for people-watching.LOVE  Nothing.
5	I give this restaurant a hesitant 5 stars.  We've eaten here twice while in Vegas and loved it both times.  That said, make sure you sit inside.  The fountain outside the restaurant is very loud, making it hard to have a good conversation.We had the chicken scallopine and one of the pastas this trip, and both were magnificent.  We weren't sure what to order and our server really steered us in the right direction.We'll go back.  It's a little expensive, but so is everything in Vegas.  Our experience was great.
5	We celebrated my sisters 21st bday dinner here and were very happy with it. We were seated right away with a party of 8. Our waiter was great and answered all the questions we had. The fried polenta appitizer was to die for! just amazing. our entrees were all great and we couldnt get enough of it. They also brought out a very large ice cream dish for my sister. the atomosphere is also great to people watch becuase you are right in the middle of the fourm shops!
4	Quattro al Formaggi = Delicioso!My family and I dined at Trevi our first evening in Vegas.  It was the perfect place for us since my 3 year old nephew is, shall we say, *busy*.  The fountain drowns out the enthusiasm of a very energetic boy.  As far as the cuisine is concerned, all of our dishes were tasty.  We started with the Fritto Misto, which is definitely one of our fave apps.  I ordered the Quattro al Formaggi.  Oh. my. goodness.  Creamy, melty cheeses combined with pasta make for a divine dish.  After consuming (make that devouring) my entree, I ordered a dish of strawberry gelato.  Very smooth and flavorful.Love Vegas!  :)
3	went here for our wedding reception had a great time we had a very large party around 24ish people they didnt care that we split the check a ton of ways the food was great and didnt take long since it was an event for us Trevi gave us a MONSTER size sundae on the house and took a photo of us and had everyone sign it the waiter was nice (a little too nice he kept leaning on my sister)
4	Oh so romantico! I like it here. Went here and wowed me! I love the high class service. We were seated at the upper level, which was very intimate. There were soft music playing on the background. The room was semi dark, but you can still see. Our waiter was Italian and he was cute and friendly. Always a plus on my end. (= Eye candy baby. ha ha anyways, I've ordered some kind of salmon, mind you this is my first time having salmon, Of course I love it now, but this have to be the best salmon, my mouth has ever consumed. It was delicate, flaky on the outside and uber soft in the inside. It was seared to perfection. There were herbs that was rubbed on the salmon.  Oh my, it was a taste of underwater heaven. mmm... I would love to come back. Let's Wait till I have a little more money. Until then enjoy your dinner.
1	The served my salad undressed.  Not with dressing on the side, but none at all.  When I pointed this out, I was told the dressing was homemade and might be a little subtle for me.  Subtle.  In Vegas.  Next to a 5-ton fountain depicting Zeus. At the place where Gina Gershon and Elizabeth Berkeley got in that fight.
4	i really enjoyed the homemade strawberry italian soda they offered. i ordered the soda along with an artichoke dip, garlic beard, and calamari. we all shared it cuz we were going to eat dinner later on so we didnt wanna spoil our appetite. i love how our waiter came over to us with a tray full of desserts to show us what they have. we had the tiramisu and it was a pretty big slice. :)
4	We had a great experience eating here. I started off with the carpaccio which was excellent. We then shared a traditional Cesar salad and ended sharing one of the nightly specials which I cannot remember the name of. The service we had was impeccable especially with having a full house and my party was around the 25 mark. The only complaints I have are the fountain is extremely loud and confined indoors. Also the drinks are watered down to a point it is not worth buying a mixed drink. But I would go back anytime for the food and put up with the noise but next time I'll just order a beer.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  We were originally planning on eating at the M Buffet, but we arrived in Vegas a couple hours late, so we were no longer able to fit it in our schedule.  We were staying at Forum Towers at Caesars, so we decided eat somewhere close.  I'm glad that we decided to do so, otherwise we may never have given this place a try.First off, the prices are a bit high.  So it's definitely not somewhere to go if you're looking to save some money.  But it's also not so high that your wallet will want to punch you in the mouth.  But it's Vegas, so you should expect to spend a bit more money than you would at home.I don't know if I've ever spent ~$20 on Fettucini Alfredo before coming to Trevi, but the pasta was damn good!  So I definitely came away satisfied.  My wife got the stuffed eggplant, and we shared the crab, spinach & artichoke dip.  We enjoyed everything.  The cheese was amazing on the stuffed eggplant, so I think I'm going to try their lasagna next time.The ambience was also really great.  We sat near the fountain which was really cool, and we were able to people watch.There was also no wait on Friday night at 9pm.  So that was very convenient for us since we were meeting up with friends later that night.We really enjoyed our dinner at Trevi, and we'll definitely be dining here again.
2	Average Italian food, nothing special. It is in a nice location near the fountain inside the mall though.
3	Came here for dinner, because we had a large party we sat in the outdoors area.  The indoor area was definitely a lot nicer!  The outdoor area didn't have enough A/C, so I wasn't as comfortable eating my food as I would have liked.   Plus there's always people walking by the forum shops and starring at you eating!  We started out with the calamari fritti and pizzeta trevi.  The fried calamari was excellent, lightly battered and deep fried to perfection!  It was served with this tomato caper sauce which tasted very good!  The pizzeta is like a flatbread; topped with some herbs and parmesan...it was light and tasted excellent!  The one VERY DISSAPOINTING thing was the free bread they served us, it was COLD & STALE bread!  Unacceptable for an Italian restaurant!  Minus 1 star for such horrible bread, honestly don't even serve bread if it's cold and stale, that's just terrible!   Plus they served it with olive oil, and no vinegar!  Moving onto the entrees, I tried their special of the day fettuccini.  It was a fettuccini with pancetta, sweet peas, mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes in a cream sauce.   The dish was excellent!  It was heavy, rich, creamy, fattening, and loaded with flavor!  They definitely didn't skimp on the cream, butter, oil, or whatever base they used to make the sauce...maybe they used the fat from the pancetta to make the sauce...whatever it was, tasted excellent!  Probably the best fettuccini dish I have had yet!  Plus, the noodles where cooked al dente, just the way I like it.  The dish was a tad expensive at $32, I mean there really weren't any expensive ingredients used to make the dish, and the portion wasnt huge, but I would probably go back and order it again just because it was that good!  I also tried a little of the chicken parmigiana, which was ok but nothing special.  The seafood linguini wasn't bad, the seafood was fresh and the lobster cream sauce wasn't bad.  The deep dish pizza was disappointing, they need to add more cheese to the pizza; there was way too much dough and tomato sauce!   The meat lasagna was ok, it could have been bigger.   The fazzoletto trevi tasted excellent!  Out of all the dishes, I liked the pasta dishes the most, so I am guessing those will all be good dishes.  The other dishes were ok, but I have had better.  I thought he prices here are a tad high, I think it comes out to be around $30-35 a person if you share an appetizer or dessert.  The fried calamari is excellent! The pasta dishes were cooked perfect, but they could work on a few of their meat entrees and pizzas.  The place was packed on a Saturday night, reservations are definitely required!  I would also recommend sitting in the indoors area versus the patio, because there isn't enough A/C in the patio, and who wants a bunch of bystanders walking around and starring at your food while you eat! This restaurant would have deserved a 4 star if they didn't serve cold and stale bread to us, that's minus 1 star!
4	My cousin had a rehearsal dinner at Trevi day before the wedding. Our group was seated on one side of the 2nd floor and I think there was about 20-25 of us. On the other side of us, there was a wedding party of 25-30 as well so it worked out well with only 2 groups on the 2nd floor.We had a 4 course pre-set meal which was, soup, salad, an entree and dessert. The soup was okay but needed more flavor, I forgot the type of salad we had because I was already into by 2nd grey goose and cranberry drink but it was good. For an entree we had 3 pastas to choose from and I choose the Rigatoni Bolognese and was very hearty and delicous. I didn't finish it because it was a lot.Overall the restaurant ambiance was great and the server kept coming by to refill my grey goose and cranberry. I loved the 2nd floor semi private area, it wasn't too noisy or cramped and had a great time. If I ever get married in Vegas, I'd have my rehearsal dinner or mini wedding reception here.
2	Don't sit next to the fountain unless you want to yell your entire meal. This ruined most of our night, but the food wasn't bad. Large portions though. Right in the middle of the Casar Forum.
5	Awesome food, Fantastic Service- Carol was great- not too overbearing but attentive, very accomodating- simple things- like an orange slice instead of lemon was met with "of Course", and when I am new to a restaurant, I ask the staff what they ate for their meal. They know what to eat and what to avoid, and Carol was vrey helpful. Portions were good, flavor awesome, but our Server made the difference. Ask for Carol.
4	Whenever I come back to Vegas I must come back to Trevi... I got the seafood pasta dish which was excellent. Me and boyfriend got the same meal he copied lol..Extraordinary restaurant
4	hmmmmm their seafood is to die for, and the dessert i had yum yum i was in heaven def will go back when i go back to vegas!!!!
3	The boyfriend and I came here for lunch while strolling through the Forum Shops on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered the following:Bellini ($10): A little too sweet for my taste but still okay....couldn't really taste the alcohol. Blackberry Italian Soda ($5)Spinach, Artichoke & Crab Dip ($13.95): Absolutely DELICIOUS. I die just thinking about it. The dip was so creamy and cheesy...served with a side of hot crostini...soooo aaaammaaazzziiingggg. Caesar Salad ($7.95): Crisp romaine leaves and a tasty caesar dressing. Always a favorite of mine.Deep Dish Pizza ($14.95): Tomato Basil sauce, buffalo mozzarella and shaved parmesan....this was horrible. I don't even know what made it so bad, but what a disappointment after eating that amazing Spinach Dip!Service was okay...our waitress was super busy and charged me for 2 Bellinis instead of one, but apologized and fixed her mistake. Total bill for 2 after tax and tip was $66. Next time- we're sitting at the bar, getting a couple drinks and ordering 2 Spinach Dips!
4	We wondering around the forum shops in Ceasars and we got a bit hungry and decided to stop at Trevi. It was a great experience. We were seated by the outside fountain and our waitress rocked. Shee recommended both of our dishes which were the Veal Parm and A seafood specialty that had lobster, clams, shrip, scallops and pasta. Very Deliteful meal. Highly recommend it
3	We made dinner reservations here for our group of 16.  They had the table ready on time.  The service was decent for a large group, but our server did miss a few people at times.The food is ok.  We ordered several appetizers for the table.  I will say the beef carpaccio was quite tasty.  The little bits of toast and the fresh cheese made it a nice treat.  The other appetizers were standard fair for an Italian chain restaurant.For my meal i ordered the veal parmigiana.  I rarely get to eat veal so i generally pounce on the opportunity when it presents itself.  The meal was ok.  I was not impressed at all.  I would expect the same quality at a national chain.I ordered the tiramisu for dessert.  It was pretty good.  It was a large portion.Overall this place is ok.  Unfortunately it is no better than the standard national italian chains.  I was hoping to avoid the chain level of food.
3	My family and I came here to have a good fancy dinner as for our last night in Vegas.  We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer, it was delicious! Pasta was good, service was great, great spot for a date or a special gathering inside Caesars Palace. Main dishes range from $20+
3	I had my first meal ever with Poseidon. I almost battled him fork-to-fork, but thought it difficult to juggle my half-meter long island tea and eating utensil.Being next to the greek god-crowded fountain and the blue sky lit room was definitely the highlight of my meal. The pizza was expensive and shockingly mediocre. None of my friends were too impressed with their meals either. But this is Vegas we're talking here!
4	Trevi is set right in the middle of the forum shops next to a gorgeous looking fountain. It's beautiful. The waits can be somewhat on the long side, but there are lots to do in the forum shops while you wait, so I don't mind. They have amazing calamari. I am kind of in awe of how fresh it tastes. Their pizzas are very nice as well. They're very thin crust, and they can be shared with another person. They have an assortment of pasta dishes as well which aren't as good as the pizza or calamari, but I still think they're okay... nothing too special. Their Italian sodas are very tasty and a good way to wash down all of the food.The food is a little on the expensive side, but for dining fountainside and being on the strip, it's not bad at all. I have been to Trevi so many times, and I will be back for many more.
1	When I first ate there, I thought the food was average at best. We went here because it was close to the show we had tickets for.  We went on a Saturday evening.I was sick all night and all the next day and had to go to my doctor on Tuesday because it didn't go away. By sick I mean I didn't eat anything because as soon as I did, I was in the bathroom. My doctor tested me and told me I had food poisoning, my bowel tested positive for E-Coli. I had a Chicken Caesar Salad.  The food was cooked but apparently was still tainted which means that they do not take cleanliness in the kitchen seriously!Although Las Vegas is a place for gambling, I suggest you not gamble with your health!I'm also giving this place 4$ because with missing work, and doctor bills, this cost me a lot more than a couple hundred dollars for a nice steak house.
4	seafood linguine is to freakin' DIE for. i dream about it. HOT, WILD DREAMS. that good.this restaurant is smack in the middle of the forum shops so you get beautiful FAKE sky! one star knock off because their bread was cold and nasty. C'MON, TREVI,...HOW CAN YOU CALL THIS AN ITALIAN ESTABLISHMENT AND BRING ME OUT STALE BREAD?! if you were a chinese restaurant i would totally understand.
2	After spending hours at the Charleston outlets, we decided to head to The Forum Shops to finish buying some gifts for friends and decided to dine at Trevi.  Having walked by this restaurant countless times over the years, we finally decided to try.  I was starving as it was close to 2 pm and only had coffee and a danish for breakfast.  Not sure why I chose the chicken burger special but according to the waiter it was awesome.  It arrived and looked ok ... knew it would be ground chicken meat (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQab9yLDDP_R9ZgRDt7MfA?select=G0sFpyrVp_EIrj4KdG8CHg).  Took a few bites and realized that this dish was going to be tossed away.  The ground chicken was mixed with tons of rosemary which is all I could taste.  The burger was topped with bbq sauce and bacon strips but all I could taste was the rosemeary.  After only eating half of the burger, I called it quits.  Again not sure why I decided to go with the chicken burger and should've just ordered a pizza.
3	Trevi is in a nice location by the fountain in the Forum Shops.  Unfortunately the food is more fitting your neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's good bit it isn't great.
3	I ordered the Penne Puttanesca. I don't remember the last time (if ever) I paid $20+ for PENNE PASTA WITH CHICKEN... and it will never happen again. My dish was very average, and the first time it came out, the pasta was undercooked, so I had it sent back and cooked for a longer period of time. Too bad the second time it came out, the chicken became overcooked (or maybe it was overcooked to begin with, I didn't try the chicken before I sent it back) and it was rather dry. My mom got the veal with garlic mashed potatoes, and it was better than my dish. Service was pretty good though, so I did not dock as many stars as I would have.
5	If it were possible to rate this place 6 stars, it would sure deserve it. We had the eggplant parmigana, carpaccio, antipasta. And then the chopped salad, linguine al fruitti di mare, fettuccine al pesto, and some vino to wash it all down. It's safe to say that this place is my new favorite Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. Everything was excellent, and I don't know why this place wasn't rated higher!
4	Saucy Dishes that Sing....Trevi occupies the old haunt of Bertolini's in Caesar's Palace. We loved Bertolini's and we had high hopes. We found that the menu offered the right amount of options and that the prices were extremely appropriate for the quality and portion size.The waiter suggested the house risotto (featuring Gorgonzola, roasted garlic and pine nuts). It was outstanding. The texture was perfect and the flavors were melded in total harmony. It was certainly a worthy recommendation.The shrimp scampi was another recommendation that was a home run. The shrimp were tender and filled with garlicy goodness. It is easy to overcook scampi and this dish was not. It was a great example of technique and knowledge by the chef.The wine list offer something for every course and every wallet. We had a Malbec that was the greatest complement to our dishes.All said and done, we walked away with satisfied tasted buds and satiated appetites. We will definitely keep Trevi in our Vegas rotation.
5	The food's decent and at a decent price for Vegas, but why am I giving it 5 stars? B/c of the service. Next time you go there, ask for Eddie and tell him Adam from Culver City sent you! This guy was the best server I've had in a long, long time! He was down to earth, chill and actually took time to hold a conversation with my g/f and I. Eddie was awesome! As for the food, I had the veal parm, no complaints from me, but I forget what my girl had, but she didn't complain either. The risotto cake appetizer was excellent and the vanilla gelato we had with the molten chocolate dessert was awesome. 3 things I highly suggest from Trev! 1.) Eddie the server (SoCal native) 2.) Risotto cake appetizer 3.) Vanilla gelato
5	You have to sit outside facing the fountain, order the calamari fritti as appetizer. Service is outstanding and place is worth the wait. Dont get the mahimahi with polenta, too dry. Excellent wine selection.
4	We had a GREAT dinner here! Service was impeccable and it was just an all around nice experience. I was in the mood for some Italian and we checked out this place because we were shopping around in the Forum.  We chose to be seated at the bar, we usually prefer to sit at the bar, it makes for more of a fun experience. We split the calamari, ceasar salad and stuffed eggplant. Even though we split everything, it was A LOT of food. We looked around and we saw that the rest of the dishes that everyone else had were decent sized as well. The calamari was breaded perfectly and the dipping sauce was tasty. The ceasar was yummy but a little messy because the croutons were HUGE. The stuffed eggplant was pretty good, the past inside was yummy but the eggplant was overcooked a bit, it didn't bother me too much because by that time I was too full to eat any of it. It was a good meal for the price. I just decided to drink $20 worth of wine, which is very easy to do in an italian joint and in Vegas. I would go back again especially to try some of that gelato to go.
4	Had dinner to celebrate my Uncle's Birthday there while staying at Caesar's Palace.  Trevi was full but we were seated immediately. We had a choice to either sit outside to people watch around the forum or go inside with a darker ambiance. We chose to sit outside by a replica of Trevi Fountain and people watch tourists take pictures and pass by.We tried the Calamari Fritti to start and it was delicious! Our waiter was very informative and said that they dip the Calamari in milk which makes it less chewy.  The marinara/bolognese sauce they used for the calamari was on point too!My Uncle tried the Capri Coral Crush, He loved it! It came in a martini glass but was like a smoothie. It was a great mango-alcoholic drink!  I ended up ordering a nice glass of Merlot to compliment my meal.For my main course I ordered the LINGUINE AI FRUTTI DI MARE and it was to die for! It was a huge portion and was so good that I was able to finish it! The Linguine comes with lobster, scallops, shrimp, tomatoes and this excellent fettucine like sauce! Definately could see why it was their signature dish!My Uncle got the chef's special, kind of like a seafood stew with clams, lobster, scallops and shimp which was in some sort of broth. It was kind of like Vuyabase (sorry for the lack of spelling) He loved it!Since it was his birthday, they brought out complimentary cheesecake and gave him the choice of that or chocolate cake! That was nice of them to bring it out with a candle lit!The servers were very cordial and informative and I am definately planning on going back! The only downside is if you're a TOTAL REWARDS member which is the player's card for Caesar's Palace, You can't use your value credits to pay for the meal. Other than that, decent prices for Vegas, about a $100 bucks for the two of us but a very nice meal! GO FOR IT!I give it 4.0 HEATS out of 5!
4	Really a fun place to eat right in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of the Forum Shops. Service was perfect and the food was surprisingly good. Fruita de mare is really nice.
4	I've had dinner at Trevi almost every time I visit Las Vegas. Situated in the Forum Shops adjacent to Caesar's Palace, this restaurant is consistently good. Their menu choices are varied, and there's something for everyone. Each visit, I've tried something different, and whether it was pasta or salad or just appetizers, everything has been well prepared, tastefully presented, and delicious. I agree with the other reviewers regarding the great service - the wait staff seem to really like their jobs.  I love that you feel like you're actually sitting outside in Italy, almost forgetting that the garish neon, traffic and noise is as close as The Strip. They have a full bar and the drinks are always good. Their wine selection could be a little broader, but there are good choices. I'll continue to frequent Trevi.
3	Don't know why we were in Caesar's Palace if what I was craving was a sammy from Earl's... but we stopped at Trevi b/c I've never eaten there before & the food seemed okay (just not the price).  Being too lazy to walk all the way back to the car & having to do all that parking again, I decided to just stop here.  (Mind you I wasn't feeling all that great).Ordered a margherita pizza... ended up not eating it b/c I was feeling so nauseous... BUT I will say that the staff was great & I felt bad b/c I had barely touched my food.  The bread w/ olive oil looked great, but didn't eat any.  The appetizer made me sick to my stomach (the smell was too much for me)... had I gone when I wasn't hungover, I probably would have had a better time.  :]Overly priced italian food nonetheless.  Nice intimate setting & good for those w/ kids.
2	Went for happy hour and had the WORST service.   20 minutes after being seated  no one had taken our order so we got up to leave.  The staff came running over and pleaded  for us to stay, so we sat back down. It was literally another 15 minutes to get 2 gin and tonics plus a red bull to the table.  No food ordered.  Who knows how long that would have taken.  We were seated toward the end of Happy Hour and the place wasn't exactly packed so don't know what the issue was.  Once served the drinks were nothing spectacular, but a fair representation of what was ordered. No compensation for the long wait either.
2	I had lunch here and ordered Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare, Trevi's signature dish. I was not impressed at all. It was a tad bland and not worth the $28.95 price tag. Service was okay, but server didn't stop back after serving the dish until it was time for the check. I've had better pasta dishes from local chains and restaurants than Trevi. I wouldn't recommend as a fantastic place to eat because I'm sure there are some actual fantastic Italian places in Vegas.
3	Chicken parm was just average. Field greens salad was great. Wait staff was great. The seating is right under the blue sky and in front of a large fountain in the Forum Shops.
4	An italian menu inspired restaurant with some great specials. I'd say don't base your decision on coming here on their basic menu (even though the carpaccio is fricken great) but come for the specials. When I went there were three great specials a risotto, a pasta, and a protein so something for everyone. The portions were great also and the staff is A rated in my book. It's deep in the Forum Shops so it may be a little walking, check the map before you willy nilly walk around to get there cause you might be walking the wrong way or on the wrong floor. They also have a selection of italian sodas and such that (for the price) are pretty good. Also when I mentioned the menu was Italian inspired the decor was more asian influenced. Dark reds and black booths, the music wasn't too loud, which was nice, and the food all came out hot and delicioso! Diverti!
4	10.16.10Indoor dining with outdoor feel.  Located inside the Forum Shops at Ceasar's, Trevi was a pleasant surprise.You know the deal.  You partied hard the night before.  You lounged by the pool a bit when you woke up.  You walked around the strip.  Now you're finally realizing you hadn't really eaten anything all day, and you're ravenous.Trevi to the rescue.  With hearty carbs, you're sure to curb your appetite.I had the margherita pizza ($12.95).  Thin crusted, cheesy, melt in your mouth delicious.Like!
1	Trevi is a tourist trap in the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  Our whole table found the food disappointing and overpriced.  The atmosphere is dark and loud (the fountain makes so much noise that conversation is difficult).I had the deep dish pizza.  The crust was burned and greasy and the tomato sauce bland.  My friend's risotto was dry, like it had been under a heat lamp.I can't recommend this place.
3	Had a very nice dinner at Trevi with several girlfriends at the recommendation of a friend.  It is set inside Caesar's Palace in the atrium area that feels as though you are outside, with changing lighting to the sunset and the Trevi Fountain.  We requested to be seated near the fountain and were right next to it, and was nice to be accomodated.  The best part of the meal was my company and the atmosphere.They have a wide selection of wine options and we chose the Valpolicella.  Entrees for our group included baked eggplant, ravioli, some type of salad with salami on it (she was going to go for the tuna but learned it's canned tuna) and all were just fair.  The service from our waiter was strange. Rufus, you were just weird.  His "humor" was insulting and really detracted from our experience.  He was condescending, didn't answer our questions directly, and told bad jokes.  It was frustrating to see that we as a young group of girls were being treated differently than the other patrons around us, although we were all paying customers. He came around near the end but I would think that for what is supposed to be a great restaurant, the staff would reflect that.  Unfortunately 18% gratuity is included for parties over 6 people.
4	Yay for Trevi! We were there for a special dinner before attending the Celine Dion concert which was also in Caesar's Palace. The menu had a good variety of choices, good drink choices as well as the dessert menu. We loved the food & atmosphere as well as the service.  It was a nice way to start our evening out.  I would go back again and try a few other items on the menu.  We got the calamari, lasagna and the seafood medley pasta dish.The fountain is right there in the middle and kind of loud. But it's not that bad. You are able to have a conversation with out the whole restaurant hearing you.  I also loved the shopping around it. We had a little time to kill after dinner so we walked around a bit. Loved it.
5	Great Italian that won't break bank, but doesn't cost the same as a dumpy burger. Very good service. If you go, ask to sit on the patio so you can eat next to the fountain of Poseidon.
5	My only knock on Trevi is the noise. Between the fountain and all of the people surrounding you inside the mall (because let's face it, most of this restaurant is a "patio" inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's) it's hard to have a conversation and you're all packed together at small tables.However, we had great service from the moment we stepped to the hostess stand until we left. We all loved the food and wine, and after awhile, you kind of forgot that you were eating in the middle of a mall.Prices are high. This is Caesar's, so don't expect Olive Garden prices. The quality of the food is in line with the price. We'll be back on our next trip.
1	That's my first "one star" review...But boy, do I think that this place deserves it!  Anyway, me and my friends (a total of 5), ended up here after we were told that we would have to wait for 90 minutes or so at the close by Cheesecake Factory.The ambiance is quite nice, with the fountain, and the surrounding expensive jewelry shops, but ten minutes or so down the road things get quite uncomfortable, since three disadvantages of the fountain become quite prominent:  a)that thing is loud, b)it gets quite chilly, and last but not least, c)you get an idea of how being a movie star is, being on the spot of a couple hundreds of photographs and flashes every minute, from all the tourists that are trying to keep the fountain in the Las Vegas memories...  (and all this while you are trying to eat).The service:  bad and borderline rude.  I never thought that a server would actually be rude, or indifferent let's say, to his customers, but this guy certainly was that.  As far as time handling though is concerned, it was ok.  Not the best I have had, not the worst either, to be fair.The food:  Bad and overpriced.  I got the chicken parmesan.  I ate it.  Nothing more to say, it was just a plain plate, a plain taste, just plain...  But, I guess I was the lucky one, because nobody else in my group neither enjoyed, nor ate what they got.  Unfortunately I do not remember what the others got, but it wasn't good.  (one of them I think got the spinach pizza, and I just remembered that because I remembered that he had to perform a surgery on it, taking almost all the toppings off, in an effort to get it closer to being edible.In a nutshell:  as somebody else said, a tourist trap.  I was a tourist, and I got trapped.... but I am never going back.
4	Came here over the weekend to celebrate my sister-in-law's 30th birthday.  We loved the decor and the atmosphere!  Probably the longest time I've spent at the forum shoppes without shopping.We ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana as part of our meal.  (We did family style here.)  It was soft, but not mushy - perfectly cooked IMO.We also ordered the Deep Dish Pizza.  I loved how they used actual chunks of mozzarella instead of shredded.  It tasted really good.  I think the crust could have been more crispy and it got soggy really fast, but overall a good pick.Our 3rd dish was the Pork risotto.  The pork was tender, but it was still a little chewy.  The risotto itself had tons of garlic, not a huge fan of the dish.Our last dish was the shrimp ravioli, that day's special.   It came with a lemon-y type of cream sauce.  It was an okay dish.  I'm a fan of marinara over creamy sauces.Since we were celebrating a birthday, they brought out a complimentary dessert.  It was huge!  I think it was the Banana Veneziana.  We were so full from dinner, but we couldn't stop eating the dessert because it was THAT good.Great, trendy place to eat.  You might have to scream a little bit to carry a conversation because it was so loud sitting on their "patio", but great nonetheless.
5	Great ambience and excellent food!
5	OMG...i loooove this place!  had the stuffed eggplant dish -- and it is absolutely delicious!  our waiter was super nice and helpful!  save room for dessert -- the tiramisu is to die for!  :)  Also, the atmosphere is great!  Definitely sit "outside"!
4	Good place to grab a glass or two of wine and enjoy some calamari before heading to dinner at one of the nicer restaurants in Caesars.  Nice open "outdoor" seating in one of the statue/fountain rotundas - where the lighting changes from daytime to dusk every hour, regardless of the time of day outside (or so our server said).
4	I had my wedding reception in the upstairs mezzanine. It was really nice to have a big area for ourselves. I was able to choose my own menu which no other restaurant on the strip allowed. The price was really affordable and everybody enjoyed the food. They also allowed for customization to cater to the guests who were lactose intolerant or vegetarian/vegan. Since parties are held upstairs on a secluded balcony, I don't think the fountain affected us as much but the decor and surroundings made for some excellent wedding photos.
1	During Memorial Day weekend, my group was seated within 15 minutes. We ordered an appetizer with fried calamari, mixed veggies, scallops, and shrimp (I do not recall the name) which was delicious. For my entree, I ordered the rigatoni bolognese and was truly disappointed. I told the waiter the noodles were a bit undercooked and he informed me they were cooked "al dente" and that they are supposed to be that way... BS. If I wanted raw noodles, I'd ask for them that way. Anytime I try a new restaurant I get something I'm familiar with so I have something to base it off of... Trevi's bolognese was a no go.Their tables and chairs are also not very comfortable. You move your feet, you hit one of the table legs. You move your body, your chair wobbles with you. Pick another restaurant... You'll be more satisfied.
4	We went during happy hour. The drinks were poured perfectly. The couple apps and Mac and cheese we had were great. The prices would have been on par during normal hours but with the half price drinks and cheap apps, this is a great happy hour and early dinner spot
4	We came here on a Sunday afternoon after deciding to skip the $44 Bellagio MDW Buffet. There were 8 of us, we were all starving, thirsty and tired. We were seated right away, on the "outside" of the restaurant, right next to the fountain. It took the waiter about 10 minutes to finally come to the table and take our drink order.Drinks arrived, we ordered our food. I split the cheese sticks (well they were actually shaped like a patty) with a friend. They were super yummy. For my main course, I ordered the chicken marsala. It was definitely worth the wait, one of the best orders of chicken marsala I've ever had. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the sauce on the chicken was delicious. This isn't a place to come if you are in a hurry. But it's a great place if you want some good Italian food and do some people watching with good company. The food is definitely worth it and at a reasonable price as well.
3	Have to be honest when I say that I chose this restaurant becuase it was a 1000 point reservation on Open Table. I wasn't dissappointed with my choice and wouldn't mind coming back here again, although there are so many choices for dinner in Vegas it feels like you shouldn't pick the same place twice. This restaurant is located in the Forum Shops in Cesar's Palace and had seating indoors and "outside" in the mall walkway. We ate outside and enjoyed watching the "sky" change colors and people watched in between eating. Food: Good. Service: Very GoodLocation: ConvenientAmbiance: Nice considering its a mall restaurantValue: Good
3	I'll try to make this short and sweet..Food:-mozzarella sticks (well, circles here).. They were great! Can't really mess up cheese. They were lightly fried and to my surprise the crust stayed slightly crunchy and didn't get soggy. The marinara dipping sauce was AWESOME!-chipotle chicken soup - good, but not very chipotle-like. I wouldn't bother.-sheets of pasta with spinach and ricotta and mushroom sauce (can't remember the name on the menu..) - pretty good, it came in this extremely creamy sauce though. It wasn't what I had expected, I guess I thought it would be more like stuffed pasta with a mushroom sauce. It wasn't bad, I wish I had gotten something else though, like the chicken cannelloni! If you like spinach, lots of creamy sauce, and chunks of pasta, get this lol.Service:NOT good. Our server was just grumpy, not happy to be there, didn't check on us, and pretty much ignored us (and the table next to us..) However, most of the other servers, people who brought out food, and even bus boys were helpful, nice, and cheery. I guess we just got unlucky with our guy.Not bad, I might go back and give it a second try.
2	When spending some time in Vegas I always thought that many places looked really nice such as Trevi but they weren't quite really great places to eat. They look nice and pretty but yea once you sit down and order some food...it isn't the best Italian at all.What we ordered:Caprese- Did enjoy this dish a lot but the thing that it did lack was more fresh mozzarella. Only had three with six slices of tomatoes. Chicken salad- Loaded with a lot of dressing and the chicken was alright but nothing special about this salad. I wish more restaurants would make better salads!! Shrimp Angel hair pasta- It was alright but for some reason when we got our pasta it was cold!! I like pasta when it is nice and hot. Service was alright and the food was decent and edible but the prices didn't really match how good I thought the food was going to be. When your in Vegas you always want to eat good food soo Trevi is not on my list of being one of those.
5	Had some delicious mac n cheese and my friend had the special.  We couldn't have been happier with what we had.  The service was excellent and the patio view is perfect.  I would definitely come back again.
4	I love Trevi.  I really, really love Trevi!I eat here every year on my birthday.  This restaurant allows you to use Open Table to make reservations ahead of time.  This comes in handy, especially if you want to sit next to the fountain.  During the summer, you have not a chance in hell of sitting next to the fountain without a reservation.  Sitting next to the fountain in the forum shops is absolutely relaxing and amazing.  Be sure to try the Caprese alla trevi, antipasto della casa, chicken marsala, and lemoncello martini.  Trevi could also be considered to be a great eating place for celiacs.  The chef and the staff have always been able to accomodate my gluten free diet, without any sort of a problem.  In general, service is, for the most part quick and the quality of the food is fresh.Be sure to give it a try, the next time you visit Vegas!
4	We've eaten here twice now and loved it both times.  The drinks are great and the scenery is awesome.  Sitting inside the Forum at Caesar's Palace there's plenty of people-watching opportunities.  You definitely want to eat "outside" near the fountain.  Get the filet, it come with a rich brown sauce that is to die for!  Portions are large too so consider that before splurging on appetizers.  This last time we got an appetizer and split an entree and it still was too large ;)
3	The food was ok. The service was mediocre. The location is a 5 star.
4	We ate here at the recommendation of one of our peers. They have seating available outside, which is great for people watching, although it is very noisy so it would not be good for holding a conversation. We decided to be seated inside which was surprisingly empty (the patio was packed).I had the clams and linguine with white sauce which was ok. The clams tasted great, however the sauce was lacking in flavor. My dad had the Chicken Marsala, which he liked a lot.We finished off the meal with some gelato. We had some Oreo chocolate gelato which wad awesome, and probably the best/highest quality gelato that I have ever had.The service was great. Our waiter regularly stopped by to give refills and to check that we were satisfied.All in all, I would come here again, but I will definitely try something else!
5	they have an AWESOME happy hour here. we found them while sitting at a bar at the Orleans. we were pleasantly surprised to find a hh spot on the strip, let alone inside Caesar's. we hightailed it into a cab and over here with the quickness.this spot is right next to the fountain of the gods, at the forum shops section. great location too at this hotel. it has a nice ambiance with an outdoor, enclosed patio. be advised, the hh is only at the bar. the bartenders were very attentive. right on top of our empty glasses. the hh prices are 1/2 off most everything on the drink menu. for those who frequent vegas, specifically higher end strip casino, you know it's hard to find a hh. to find a 1/2 off one is a steal. the food items were italian/spanish type tapas. we ordered the carpaccio which was pretty good. after that one app, 2 glasses of kendall jackson and 2 bottles of amstel lights the bill came out to $21. fabulous.
3	I love this place because you can have something small to eat and be good to go. But I can't give it more than 3 stars because they ripped me off. I know Vegas is expensive, I know but they overcharged me ridiculously. I ordered their chicken meatball soup and their mixed green salad. I wanted some mozzarella cheese on it and the server said no problem. The chicken meatball soup was very hearty and fresh. Sadly, there was only one chicken meatball. I didn't think it'd be that huge either. My salad was fresh too. The mozzarella smelled a little but I thought it could just be the brand of the buffalo mozzarella. I only had 1/4 of a small tomato in my salad. Why did I mention the 1/4 of the tomato? Well, you see my bill came out to be $30 (rounded up, tip not included). For a side salad and soup!? The salad was $7.95 and they charged me $5 for 3 pieces of cheese AND $2 for the tomato. I never requested for tomato...and if you're going to charge me put the whole damn tomato not 1/4 of it (or at least  half of it...). I love this place but that was way too much for a soup and salad, even for Vegas. If my bill was max $25 with tip included I think it would've been more reasonable. I've been to other gourmet restaurants in Vegas and had a legit entree and would pay $30 dollars for food. Not soup and salad.
3	We ate here because we were just looking for something nearby and quick.  The food was okay, nothing super special but decent.  I'm not sure if I'd come back to eat here, not so memorable.  The wait staff was very helpful and friendly though.
4	First Impression: This place looks very glassy. Being inside of Caesars Palace of course you would expect an elegant place. We had the chance to sit right in front of the fountain which was a beautiful scenery. I had their Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare (Seafood Pasta) and truly feel in love with this place because of it. It made me appreciate Italian food all together. This was the utmost best pasta dish I've ever had.Last Impression: This place was to perfection from their cocktail drinks to their service. So cheers to this place for making it a wonderful experience to ending my first trip to Las Vegas before heading back to San Jose. This place is YUM!Check out my photos I posted!
4	I can't comment on the restaurant, as we didn't eat there.  But we had a scoop of the chocolate mousse gelato and it was out of this world, very flavorful, but light and refreshing.
4	I stopped by here wandering through the forum shops and I'm glad I did.  I was by myself and starving and the smell of carbs!, garlic and Italian amazingness was irresistible.  I was seated immediately in the "outside" area (it's all technically indoors because you're inside the forum shops, it's just louder if you sit on the patio than inside the restaurant). My server was friendly and suggested I get the Capri Coral Crush...which I would suggest to you! It was AMAZING! Sounds much more melony than it is, it actually has a really great Mango taste served garnished with a mint sprig. Yum. They brought out warm bread and a little plate of olive oil which was nice since I was starving (see CARB! craving above). The bread was okay, it probably would not have been had it been cold, but warm it was fine and not too dry. I ordered the linguine with clams - white sauce.  Always a favorite of mine and it did not disappoint.  LOTS of clams.  It was not my favorite ever, but it was really good and was served fairly quickly considering what a crowd they had in the restaurant.I would absolutely go back here, particularly for their happy hour Sunday-Friday with half off cocktails! I need another one of those Capri Coral Crush's!
4	Just had dinner here last night and had an outstanding dinner as always... I make a point to dine here every time I'm in Vegas...Had the Rissotto Pescatore...WOW..fresh Onu from Hawaii..large sea scallops...fresh clams & mussels in a lightly spicy marinara sauce...Also has the hand tossed Margherita pizza...Roma tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, and fresh basil...need I say more...Our service was awesome and we sat on the patio next to the Fountains...Can't wait for my next visit to Vegas & Caesars Palace
5	Everytime we go to Las Vegas, we beeline it to Trevi.  It has our favorite Caesar salad and the ambiance in the Forum Shops is just magic!We added a tempura seafood medley to our lunch that was yummy!  Scallops, shrimp, calamari and veggies.......perfect!Our waiter, Nick, was also a treat!  Thanks for a great experience!!
3	Ambiance: 4. Trevi actually winning here but only outside (inside too secluded).  The outside is in the heart of Casear's forum shops, which is great for the favorite pastime of people watching.Cost: 4. When I'm Vegas, I have a tendency to ignore menu prices altogether and I hope most of you end up doing the same. However, Trevi actually offers a surprisingly good menu for the price especially by Las Vegas standards.Food Quality: 3. Tempted to give a four, but nothing blew us away enough to truly justify that.  Solid highlights include Chicken Cannelloni and Chicken Limone. Chicken Limone was supposedly "best thing on the menu" according to waitress, and good no doubt, but nothing to salivate over.Service: 3. Waitress spotty, plus it took Trevi 10-15 minutes just to come to our table after we sat down --  other than that no huge complaints.When to return: A quick bite when shopping at forum shops, in a hurry before a show or flight, no reservations place to eat on a Thur/Fri/Sat night.  One tip -- food wise, you're probably better off trying to eat at Spago's (practically next door) bar menu area, which in my opinion is modestly better for a similar price.
3	Went in with a group before a Rod Stewart show at Caesars. We were seated outside by the fountain, definitely a great place to people watch. The server was informed about our show and he kept the pace of our meal and cocktails moving, which we appreciated. The portions are generous. The food basic Italian with a spicy twist. The risotto cakes were the winning dish at our table. Check out the inside dining room for a more intimate, less touristy experience.
4	i was looking for a place that had what i wanted the itail place in MGM stopped so i went to this place which was i thought crowded not as nice a place i wanted but the food was on point! I'm picky so if the place makes me what i want an its not on the menu i am happy, an we were seated in side which i prefer,will be back on the next trip!
3	Overpriced average italian food. Made for tourist.Nice location. Can this be considered dining al fresco?
4	My husband and I loved this place. We liked sitting outside in the patio area near the fountain although all the water splashing was a little loud. It's fun to pretend sometimes, especially with the feeling like you're actually in Italy. The food was delicious. I had the pesto penne and chicken and my husband had the cannelloni which was excellent. The bellini's were very good. I'm a fan of the fruity drinks but my husband who's more a hard liquor man said it was good too. The fried calamari is a must for an appetizer. We enjoyed our food immensely but our waittress must have been coming down with a cold because as she was reciting the specials of the day, she was sniffling and I could see her nose start to run. She had to sniff it up before it nearly dripped out in front of us! Also, it was so obvious that she was trying to push the most expensive items on the menu on us. My husband clearly said he wanted something with chicken but she proceeded to try to sell him on some sort of medley of seafood and pasta.
3	Nice ambiance but food is average. Service was good. The Coconut mojito is good.
4	We had my friend's bachelorette dinner here on Oct. 1st. None of us has ever been here. The bride picked it when we were strolling along in the Forum Shops. We had a party of 10 and they sat us right next to the wall of wine which was cool with us cause it was in the cut and we knew we were going to be loud. I ordered the stuffed eggplant. I forgot what it was called on the menu but hot damn...it was GOOD! My friend got the tuna salad. It was ok. We both concluded that it would have been tastier with albacore tuna. The tuna they used was like chicken of the sea tuna or something. It was bland. They had specialty drinks and so I ordered the bride a citrus type mix martini. Again, I forgot what it was called on the menu. Well it wasn't on the menu, It was on one of those ads placed on tables. The bride loved it! She said that it tasted really good and even asked if there was alcohol in it. Then by the end of the night, she told me that the drink was kicking in. It was creeper!!! Haha. That was great! Out waitress brought out a complimentary bowl of gelato for the bride but it was so huge, that we all had dibs on it. Overall, I enjoyed my dinner and the waitress was great! The company was even better. =)
3	Trevi is located in the middle of The Forum Shops in Caesars right next to the large fountain and statues. The atmosphere is great and includes enjoyable people watching, but the food did not live up to the ambiance. Crab meat, Spinach and Artichoke Dip (3) - Never saw or tasted any crab, so really you're just charging me 15 bucks for an average spinach and artichoke dip.Chicken Marinato Pizza (3) - Decent brick oven pizza, nothing overly fantastic that jumped out and grabbed me. Service was OK and prices were Las Vegas-esque (overpriced).
4	We come to Trevi everytime we're in Vegas. Great food, nice staff. Some have commented on the loud fountain, but I like it; without it the mall.noise would be unbearable! Molto bene!
3	This review is based off the gelato alone. Usually, the frozen dessert is perfection at a fraction of the cost of their competitors. The pistachio was off and had the consistency of a mousse today. It didn't keep it's form well and ran all over the place, but the flavor was good. The copious amount of chopped up nut sprinkled on top gave a nice variation in texture. For under $5, their small is about the same as two scoops at most ice cream shops.If they let the gelato set more before putting it out, there would be no complaints here.
3	Overall we had a good dining experience, 3.5 stars from me.  Yes the service was not the best, but that did not bother us.  I tried the dinner special grilled salmon with asparagus and some kind of potato stuff.  The fish and asparagus were good, the potatoes were awful.   The rest of the group had pasta dishes and one person ordered veil parmesan.  Everybody enjoyed their food.   We had two appetizers which I would not recommend--calamari and artichoke dip.  Both were mediocre and the taste was just bland.  We shared 3 deserts tiramisu, chocolate lava cake and then a big glass of different flavors of gelato.  I liked all the deserts; if you want to share the gelato is the best for sharing.
5	It takes a genius to trully took care a party of 14 and still get us out on time, but this little asian server made it happen. I think his name is Tony.We were late for our 4.45 reservation and arrived at 5.00 Pm instead. But Trevi still keep our table intact and very warm in welcoming us, the late guests. We sat down and inform Tony right away that we have to be in n out in an hour because we have a circque du soleil to attend to.  He smile and said U got the best server for the job with a little wink. He proceeds to grab our food order first followed with our drinks. By the time he drop our drinks and 2 bottles of wine, all the appetisers and salad has arrived. Within 10 minutes of devouring our salad and appetisers, all our main course arrive and we had a hell of a time. He check back and top our wine glass while checking if everything alright. He timed it so well that one of my friends suggested him to open his own restaurant. LOL. Anyway, we finished our meal and he even had the time to gave us a huge banana split for my sister birthday and even take our picture.Thanks Trevi for wonderful service and that awesome Linguini Al Fruti Di Mare. I shall check back in again next year!
3	Pretty decent italian lunch. Admittedly we had some basic stuff like antipasto and caesar, but I would go back.
1	You know...this was almost a 4 star review but the super shadyness of our server dropped this down to a 1 star.My girlfriends and I had stopped in here for a quick drink and a small snack.  We sat at the bar where there was a happy hour special, with mini sliders and drink specials - all of which were lovely.  The service up to this point was pretty good, and we had great time chatting and noshing and drinking.The bill came (it was $60 something) and the four of us each threw down a $20 and a few bucks so there was close to $90 to cover our bill plus tip.We proceeded to walk away and as we were trying to decide which direction we should go, the server comes running after us telling us that we were trying to stiff him!  Huh?  I thought maybe we miscalcuated the tip - so I reached for my wallet, when he tells us that we only put down $40...not $90 that I *KNEW* we put down.After an *intense* discussion, the moment where one of my friends started to demand a manager, the server tells us to wait where we were, so that he could check to make sure that nothing was left under a napkin or something.  Magically, he checked with the busboy and the busboy "accidentally threw away" the rest of the money.Um, I call BULLSHIT.  We should have stuck around and demanded to speak to a manager anyways - but we were on a short timeline to get a lot of shopping done so we left...but I seriously regret not calling a manager over, because seriously, that is some shady shenanigans!!!!!!!
4	Not bad! The food was good, and atmosphere was nice, but our server was a little weird O_O. We went for dinner after watching Mystere :)Place: It's literally smack dab in the center of the Caesars Forum Shops next to the giant status. It's a little noisy to sit "outside", but I personally thought that it was very beautiful and had great atmosphere. It's really beautiful there, and they have a gelatto cart right there by the patio seating area. (That was the main attraction that drew me to the restaurant, but sadly, I failed to save room for dessert and ended up not getting the gelatto :()Service: Our server (I forget his name) really didn't know how to do his job. His jokes were offensive, and he just kept yelling at us. I'm sure he didn't mean to, but his tone of voice was very overwhelming. When he couldn't understand our order, we clarified the order very kindly, but he ended up blabbing on and on justifying why he couldn't hear properly the first time. We also heard him offend another costumer at another table by making fun of the customer's name. It was kind of funny though, because my friend and I started playing "merit/demerits" and pointed out when the server deserved merits and when he deserved demerits. By the end of the night, he had wayyy more demerits than merits.Food: I got the Limone Fettuccine, which was a chicken fettucine in a tart lemon cream sauce. It was really really good, and the tartness of the cream sauce made it feel less heavy. I still couldn't finish the food though, because the portions were quite large! The price was, i suppose, reasonable for its location and cuisine type. I'm a cheapass so it was still expensive to me :S.Other: No wait (well it was after 9PM) and the food came out really fast.
1	Terrible. Would not go again. Although the staff was attentive and kind, the food itself was not worth the visit. I ordered the cannelloni, took a bite and lost my appetite. It's filled with ground chicken, which on a personal note is gross. (If you like ground chicken, maybe you'll enjoy it.) Funny - my table said it was the better dish of the other two bad dishes we ordered. Two others ordered the Chicken Parmesan, but were not fans of that either; the red sauce had a sour taste to it and the chicken was dry. Lastly, my friend ordered the cheese ravioli's and said it was just okay. We all agreed that everything tasted as if it had been pre-cooked hours before and reheated in a microwave. We are not "foodies" or picky eaters; however, we expect food from a restaurant to be tasty and fulfilling. Bottom line, if you're thinking to get a quick bite to eat, I highly recommend going anywhere else but Trevi - even the food court at Caesar's had tastier items.
3	The quality of their bellini has gone down unfortunately :( I've been coming here for years .. pretty much ever since I moved here to Vegas when it was Bertolini or something like that .. Maybe it was because I ordered it during happy hour and they make it differently .. but it just wasn't the same .. fettucini alfredo was just okay this time too.. But their Pizzeta is still to die for .. it's absolutely delicious!! yummmmmmmmmmmmmm :) i will come back just for this .. as always teheh.
5	Wow, we didn't try much here, but the food and drinks we did taste were exquisite. Trevi is located at Caesar's Palace, right next to the huge fountain. We happened to sit at the fountain, so we had trouble maintaining a conversation over the very loud sounds of splashing water. Luckily, the food was more than satisfying.My bf and I shared a deep dish pizza: http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/VPQKFfHwue8TUySxCPmKxQ/l.jpg. It was sooo tasty, with gooey mozzarella, crunchy flavorful crust, and yummy tomato sauce. My bf, who is from Chicago, LOVED it (as did I).I also downed two refreshing blended cocktail drinks--the peach bellini (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/2oiwvXG81qbop3f4tYu1yg/l.jpg) and some sort of tropical drink (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/MOgntoG7R3myTEUEzj58RQ/l.jpg). Kim F., my bf, and I all agreed that these were phenomenal--you could taste the distinct and delicate flavor of peach in the peach bellini, and the tropical drink tasted like fresh mangoes. My goal is to find drinks like that in the OC area. However, I am suspicious about the amount of alcohol these drinks contain. They taste pretty much non-alcoholic, and I was not even buzzed after finishing off two in about 30 minutes. When something seems to good to be true (i.e., alcohol that tastes delicious), it probably is!
3	I was here on a Sunday evening with my BFF before going to the Rod Stewart Concert during our girls only weekend together.  The menu items appealed to us better than Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, The Palms and Wolfgang Pucks.  We were seated on the patio in the Forum Shops as opposed inside the restaurant.  My BFF and I shared a Ceasar Salad, a Chicken Ceasar Salad Wrap with french fries, and a  Margherita Pizza.  All of it was very tasty,  Our waiter was running around so it was a little hard to waive him down for our check.  I would go back and eat here but with so many other places to eat in Vegas it will be a while before I end up here again.
4	Ordered the CAPELLINI AL POMODORO here. The food was rather delicious and they had the right amount of chicken in the pasta. The service staff was very friendly. The food was pricey but that is typical for Vegas.
3	We went here for lunch and really enjoyed it. We ordered and shared a caprese salad and a couple wood fired pizzas. I liked the food, but the location of this place in the forum right by a fountain made it really challenging to have a conversation. I did get a free dessert because it was my birthday (I selected the massive banana split for all of us to share) and our server was great. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but if I was in the area and wanted good food, I'd stop.
3	We were a party of 6 ladies for a bachelorette party and as the MOH, I selected Trevi for our dinner location. I researched the venue to have the typical requirements: location, ambiance, affordable and good food.We were seated quickly at a large table located near the fountain.  Our host was a bit dry and unengaging especially since it was a bachelorette dinner, I was expecting a little more personality.  I mean, I wasnt expecting him to strip down or anything but it was a special occassion, lighten up!  I don't recall what we all ordered exactly but we were all generally pleased with the food portions and quality.I personally think that if we had a more lively and engaging host, our vibe wouldve been so different.  We enjoyed some conversation, had a round of shots, had dinner and departed.
4	Great atmosphere! Delicious pasta. Fantastic people watching!If you're in Vegas on business or pleasure and you want a good meal at reasonable prices (for Vegas, anyway) then I highly recommend this place.
4	ICE CREAM  GELATO! This delicious Italian favorite can be enjoyed at the Forum Shops at Trevi for a very reasonable cost. There are two main spots to purchase gelato at the Forum Shops. There's the really expensive place by H&M and then there is Trevi which is located by the fountain in front of Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Cartier..... I think you catch my drift. FLAVORS: They offer a wide array of flavors. You can sample each and every one of them if your heart desires. There are only 20 or so flavors served here: vanilla, chocolate, cappuccino, pistachio, and more. The other place has a bigger selection but at double the cost.$: Small (1 scoop) will cost you a few dollars. Large (2 scoops) around $6-ish. SERVICE: The girl who was working was really nice and patient. She had a feeling I worked at the Forum Shops (and I do) and she extended the appropriate discount to me. I forgot what it was but I think it was close to 50%. I don't really eat gelato. But when I do, I eat the gelato at Trevi!
5	Yum!  A group of girl friends and I went here for lunch on our last day in Vegas recently for a work conference.  The waitress was incredibly nice, the food was delicious, and the ambience was great.  I had the rigatoni bolognese and it hit the spot.
4	I visited this place while i was up in vegas for my 21st birthday. Very good drinks and I really found their pork tenderloin risotto to be yummmmmmm. Will definitely visit them when i go back.
3	Went here with my parents yesterday to have dinner. We were seated right away. The prices were pretty expensive, but the food was good enough to make up for it. We had a show to watch at 8, and it was already 7 so we were hesitant about when the food was going to be served, but it was served almost right away. The service was alright.
3	Location is awesome, with "outside" seating in the Forum Shops area as well as in the restaurant itself. Service was excellent and attentive. The food however, left much to be desired. We ordered the carpaccio as an appetizer, which was good, but the presentation seemed a little sloppy and unappealing. For dinner, I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs (a rare choice for me) and my husband ordered the chicken marsala. The spaghetti, was reminiscent of my younger days of Chef Boyardee. Honestly, not worth $18. The Chicken Marsala kind of reminded me of salisbury steak based on presentation. The chicken cutlets were cut thin and tasteless. The bread and oil dip was really good and had great flavor. Overall, the location was perfect for someone looking for a reasonably priced meal with the forum shops. The food is ok, but nothing to brag about. The food presentation is boring, and I considered the food to be just sustenance for a hungry person. If you are looking for tastier food, this is not your restaurant. If you want ambiance, go here.
2	2.5 starsCame here because it looked appealing since it was situated in the central forum shops. Was on my "don't come back here" list of Vegas dining spots. The lasagna was not good because it tasted like a 2-layer lasagna with pasta and beef. I want to enjoy the essence of a layered lasagna where I feel like I am biting into different flavors. I couldn't tell if I was eating cheese or lasagna noodles. The ossobuco risotto was on the bottom of my risotto list. There was no creamy consistency in the rice nor was it al dente--too much bite left. Now I don't know if it was a bad night in the kitchen or what, but I did not enjoy my risotto whatsoever. The calamari was mediocre though.
2	Just bad overpriced Italian food. Bread and service at the counter were particularly bad. Caesar salad was full of dressing. The pasta sauce tasted like what you buy in the supermarket. Another tourist's trap. Best thing was the adjacent fountain......
3	Overpriced and italianI had the minestrone- lacked seasoningparents had the cheese ravioli and they enjoyed it.hubby had the linguine frutti di mare and he said it was just ok...figured that we ended up not so happy with the food and paid a lot .the service was good
2	Loud...........and I mean.....REALLY LOUD; OMG; really, how do you strike a conversation with anyone here?? the food; not all that...really; The menu reminded of Olive Garden. I was looking forward to being wow'd here and fell really short of expectation.
3	Should be 2.5 stars...Atmosphere is loud, cramped and dark (we ate inside).  Patio area was louder but at least you could people watch and had a nice view of the fountain they had.Service: Prompt, attentive, and the waiter was very nice.  We had 9 people all showing up at different times and he was very accommodating.  We also had a B-Day and he added a B-day dish with a candle. Food: Just OK.  No one disliked their dished but no-one totally loved them either.  I ordered the Linguine Al Frutti Di Mare (their "signature dish").  Basically it's lobster, crab, scallops, scallions and tomatoes in a white cream sauce.  It was ok at best.  Shrimp and Scallops wee flavorful, Lobster was not.  Sauce was bland.  Price:  Like most of the Strip it is over-priced.  Dishes are from $18 to $30.Best way to describe this place...food is a tick less tasty than Olive Garden but cost $10 more per dish.
2	Not my favorite place for Italian food. The prices are a bit high for what you get. I recommend doing their happy hour at the bar for half price apps and drink specials. The service is about average. Went again a few days ago to give them another chance. My server kept calling me "boss" and "son" which seemed a bit weird since I'm a customer and older than him. I ordered the risotto with white fish. It was good although the rice wasn't quite tender enough and had a bit of a crunch to it. The fish was cooked perfectly though and the sauce was good! There are better places in town for Italian, but this place is ok..
4	While hungry and wandering through Caesar's Palace we ended up eating our late lunch, early dinner (Linner haha) at Trevi. I was a little skeptical but was very pleased. Our waiter was pleasant, knowledgeable and even cracked a few jokes and gave us great service throughout the duration of our meal. I ordered a salad and a margherita pizza and my bf ordered a chicken pasta dish. You could tell that Trevi put love in preparing their food. I can't necessarily say if it was authentic or not, but it tasted darn good to me. The pasta was fresh and light and seasoned well and my pizza was seasoned and I could really taste the basil. The crust was thin and crispy and I could taste a hint of butter. My Italian soda wasn't overly sweet and our lemon and strawberry sorbet was delicious! The lemon was tart and you could tell it was made from real lemon. It was overpriced of course, but hey it's Vegas and we were dining in the middle of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops outside a beautiful fountain. I would like to go back on my next visit and try a few more menu items.
5	I absolutely love Italian food, and even though it s pretty simple to make, somehow some places manage to mess it up...I could it pasta/bread everyday....( not so good for my weight, but you only live once)...I love sitting in this place and eat next to the fountain ( which by the way is totally NOT a replica of the Trevi Fountain in Italy) But oh well, I guess Poseidon is more in tune with Caesars...
3	Great atmosphere and good food.  Our waiter was awesome.  We ordered Calamari for appetizer and we split the special of the day which was salmon stuffed with goat cheese and capers.  For dessert we had the chocolate mousse.  Will go back; however very pricey.  My husband had a cocktail and I a bottle of water total bill including tip $76.
2	We had the lasagna and a plate of pasta. The lasagna was okay, tasted as if it was from a frozen dinner. As for the pasta, the pasta was a bit too hard and the sauce was okay. Way too expensive for the not so great taste/quality of the food. The only good thing about this place is the fountain and the atmosphere. The servers were okay. I felt like they judged the four of us just because we ordered two entrees. Honestly, we were not super hungry and just wanted a bite to eat. Maybe next time, we should have been smarter and went for Earl of Sandwich or something.
4	We sat indoor as the noise from the beautiful Trevi fountain would require our large group to yell in order to communicate. The seafood linguini lacked flavor but was good. The lasagna was excellent. Good ambiance--decent food--reasonable prices. But, I think I will try Spago, which is two doors down, next time.
2	We stopped here for lunch after meeting up with family from the East coast.  We told the hostess that we wanted to order from the happy hour menu, and she told us we had to physically sit at the bar, and not at one of the many empty bar tables.  Ok, if that's their policy, but it seemed strange.  We were seated, and then told by the bartender (who clearly was unhappy to be at work) that we needed to wait five minutes before ordering, or she would charge regular price - again, it just seemed odd.  Among our group, we ordered the frozen Bellini (way too sweet, not good at all), the Trevetini (awful, cloyingly sweet and had an artificial taste), a lemon martini (ok, but VERY sweet),  beer (in bottles, hard to mess up), and some mixed drinks (very little alcohol, but ok).We ordered one of each of the happy hour "bites," I think.  They were mostly ok, but tasted like they were frozen and then heated up.  The calamari was pretty good, but the sauce it was served with was stone-cold (possibly intentional?).  The meatballs were pretty good, as well; they tasted like grocery-store quality frozen meatballs.  The stuffed mushrooms were decent, but oily.  The chicken sliders were not good - tough chicken with oily breading, awful.   Then, when a second bartender asked if we wanted anything else and we had replied "No, thanks," she seriously threw the bill at us (it had been folded in a glass in front of us) and stomped off.  It wasn't crowded, there wasn't anyone waiting for our seats, and we still had drinks which were half full in front of us.  Very odd. Overall, the food was adequate but the service was appalling.  We laughed it off at the time, but now I wish I had asked for a manager - it was truly awful service.
4	Caprese Salad was fantastic.The calamari was alright.We did enjoy the Pizza Margherita, not sure about the comments of not being authentic by some other users.It is a relatively good deal.We did not have any room for dessert.
2	Its a nice location and the staff was attentive. I tried the Calamari to start and the fazzoletto Trevi. While the portion of calamari was generous (and included tentacles!) the taste got old very quick. It didn;t help that it tasted better without the sauce they had brought out with it. My main course was not as portion generous and didn;t have much taste except for the mushroom sauce. It was a very one dimensional dish. So many other places to try instead of this one......
4	Sat at the bar here and enjoyed their happy hour menu.  The happy hour plates are pretty tiny but the food is pretty darn good.  Drinks are reasonably priced.  The other downside was the poor service- we even had a couple next to us transfer their tab to another bartender because their bartender wasn't providing good enough service.  I'd love to come back here and try their regular menu but this place is often crowded and looks a little pricey.
4	We came across this place during our trip to Vegas and had a great time! The stopover in this restaurant was definitely a lovely one. The location is particularly nice. What we shared - Appetizer: Mozzarella FrittaOur Rating (on a scale from 1-10; 10 being the best): 8What we shared - Meal: Chicken LimoneOur rating:  6Ambiance/atmosphere: 8 - The fountains in Caesars along with the shopping are great, especially if you get to sit near the patio. It is a bit cramped, but the environment is lively.Service: 6 - Perhaps it was because we were a large party, but the service was not the fastest, and it took them quite some time to retrieve our items. However, they were gracious. Overall we had a great experience, and would definitely put it on the many places to eat at when in Vegas. We recommend you try to make reservations in advance because it seems to be quite popular and the wait can be lengthy.Until next time!-N & H
5	Loved the Pizza, one of the best lunch I had in the five days I was in Vegas. I will return on my next visit.Had to come back weeks later and revise my review and give Trevi 5 stars for there pizza. glad there 500 miles away, gosh that pizza was good
2	Over-hyped and overpriced.  Located in the forum shops in Caesars, Trevi is located right in the middle of the mall.  My boyfriend and I did not have to wait, luckily, but were sat right next to the greek gods water fountain which turned out to be very loud/distracting.  Service was slow because it was a busy.  The food (Italian themed) was nothing special.  I ordered the linguine ai frutti di mare, one of their specialties, which was delicious but expensive for the small portion and lacked enough seafood.  My boyfriend's sausage pizza had onions that were way overcooked.  Overall, I will not be returning and am surprised at the poor value of their food for the great location.
3	We went in at 9 and got tables at around 9:15. Not bad. The wait staff was very attentive and cheerful. The calamari was ok, Bellini wasn't that great. We ordered the chicken marinara and the chef special (seafood and pasta). The chicken was good, but the seafood was a little tough to taste, overcooked. The fountain is beautiful and def a must do.
4	Loved the cheese ravioli and the pizza here. The prices and portions are pretty good. The menu had lots of tasty choices. I liked the atmosphere the staff was friendly. I will definitely be back.
4	Get here between 2-6 and sit at the bar for half price tapas and drinks.  I hade the Tomato Brouchete and Tenderloin ($6 each)!  The tomato broch was topped with thin slices of Parmesan and balsamic.  Delicious!  The tenderloin was tasty but a little too thin for me.  Great overall experience.
3	So I can agree with some of the other reviews.a) it is overpriced-you're going to be paying north of $20 for an entree for lunch without a side nor salad to start withb) the fountain is loud, but you are in the middle of the mall after allc) they took the polenta fries off the menu-now that's a crimed) keep in mind there's no 'food court' per se in this mall so your choices are going to be limited-The Palms, Spagos, Joe's Stone Crab [not to be confused with Joe's Crab Shack--another crime], RA sushi, BOA -- all high end restaurants so you are going to be paying either way for food heree) their bread is good. and I liked my entree fair enough [lemon artichoke grilled chicken pasta something or other]. I'm not dying to go back there just for this entree but you get my pointf) they have a bar, apparently a happy hour, and they have TV's so if you are hungry & your price elastic it will do the trick
3	A tasty Italian eatery with a great view, in the heart of the Forum Shops.  If you happen to be seated in the "patio" right next to the fountains (like us), expect to photobomb dozens of pictures throughout your meal. Service was slow and bleh.. the waitress didn't seem like she wanted to be there on a late Sunday morning.Luckily, the food and good company made up for the grouchy server. I ordered a dish with a long Italian name and "Shrimp" thrown in somewhere. From my foggy recollection, there were 4 or 5 ginormous shrimps swimming in a sea of pasta shells (or rotini?) dressed in a rich, creamy, mouth-watering sauce. I had only finished half my pasta when my entire party (sans me) had their empty plates cleared from the table. I wanted to be considerate with my friends' time, so I packed up my leftovers. Even though I brought food home, the portion size was definitely more European-like than American. For the price I paid ($20+/entree), I expected more food. Even the bf was sulking about being hungry after he finished his lasagna.Vegas prides itself in being excessive, and Trevi fell short of that standard. Sure, the food delivers and the restaurant is a cute date spot, but when I'm in Vegas, I'm going big or going home... or not coming back, but I would love to check out the Happy Hour here. I just doubt I'll be dining here again, with so many more awesome and cheaper choices on and around the Strip.
2	Definitely over-hyped. Service brought this review down to two stars.Stopped here for happy hour. Food was okay, but nothing to write home about. Service was less than welcoming and unpleasant. Bruschetta was bland and a little disappointing. Cheese stuffed beef sliders we're good, but sounded better than they tasted. Chicken sliders were also satisfying; like the sundried tomatoes, just not too impressed either. Meatballs and flash-fried calamari were definitely the most satisfying offerings. Highlight of the meal had to have been the martini's which were stiff and well flavored. The gentleman at the bar next to us ordered a pizza, and based on the smell and appearance wish we ordered that instead. Although, not the worst experience, given the choice I probably would not eat here again.
2	Went here because of a gift card and the only reason I can think of to go back would be to get some gelato.The fountain is cool I guess if you're into people watching, but views of Gucci and Versace stores are not really my vibe.The service was decent and the waiters were nice, but the food was unmemorable. I've eaten food at Macaroni Grill that wowed me more.My Salmon dish did feature a perfectly cooked piece of fish, but the seafood risotto was boring and lacking flavor. Worst of all the dish came with only three tiny mussels and two shrimp. After reading the menu description of a delicious seafood mix, I was definitely disappointed with what I had.Overpriced even for the Strip and nothing special.
3	The food here was very good! I ordered the cheese ravioli which was in a lobster tomato sauce (the server said it was spicy but it was definitely not).  My husband ordered the rigatoni bolognese.  Both were very good! The portions were good and the price wasn't bad.The service SUCKS.  Our server was an older indian man who ignored us after we ordered just waters to drink (he obviously expected us to order alcohol and kept badgering us to order cocktails throughout the night).  He spent a lot of time talking and joking with his other tables and walked by our empty glasses several times.  We had to ask the bus boy for refiills.  I had to ask for everything twice and sometimes I still didn't get what I asked for (like a straw that I had to keep asking for).  At one point, I ordered an ice tea and never got it.  We had two empty water glasses, no tea, and we were so thirsty I had to get up and find a busser to get us water.  I should have given the tip to the poor guy that had to do our server's job for him because he was busy one table away laughing and joking and ignoring us.RUDE!I always tip generously whether I order alcohol or ice water.  As a server, I myself understand how you hope to get a table that orders a lot of food and alcohol so your bill will be higher and the chances of getting a good tip goes up.  However, I am always nice to each and every one of my tables despite what they order.  I will tip more than usual if we receive good service even if my bill isn't high. This place has good food, a good location, but should really work on hiring servers who will get their tables what they order and not have bad attitudes toward people who don't order lots of alcohol.
3	This restaurant is located in the middle of the forum shops, right next to the fountain.  Perfect for people watching, while they shop.. or you can sit inside in a dimly lit romantic restaurant.  How we came here?  After a long drive to Vegas and meeting up some friends at Max Brenner's place... we were so hungry that we just picked any place that looked somewhat affordable to eat in the Forum Shops.  Luckily it was a winner.  I felt bad because I think I was probably staring down at the hostess, but she seated up quickly inside and we were happy.   We ordered, our food came out quick and we left.  We ordered a salad, an appetizer and a pizza.  The Trevi Salad, this fried seafood mix and a Margherita pizza. The hit of the meal? The salad.  Thank you for a quick and affordable meal.  Looking for a quick bite at the Forum Shops? Come here.  Looking for memorable food, probably not.
4	Met a business associate here for lunch. Very enjoyable lunch as we ate out in the forum shops area.The food was very good, the location was great and the service was very good. I will go back again.
4	We always stop in for a least one Happy hour good drink prices and the small plates make it worth the trip
5	We have been here twice on our summer trip and were very satisfied with the quality of food and with the pricing, regarding the fact, you are in Caesars palace. If your party is just two, directly pass to the bar and enjoy the wine list and the food.
3	I came here for one thing and one thing only...Lasagna Pizza!I am a huge fan of lasagna and pizza...combine the two and that equals amazingness. My friend previously got it and I got to try a little bit of it and I knew I had to get that pizza on my recent Vegas trip. So All of my friends came here and ordered the Lasagna pizza...One pizza could probably feed 2-3 people. Its deep dished and pretty filling. I was good after one slice. I also decided to order a small Ceasar salad, which was really tiny and the greens were not even that fresh, but they charge you entree price for that thing!Service was slow and not that great. I probably would not go here again if it were not for that lasagna pizza. That is pretty much the only thing worth coming here for.
1	I made reference to 'crap at Caesar's Palace' in my review of the delightful Thai Room.  This is an explanation of that reference. Our waiter was atrocious, a real slime. My wife ordered a Margarita, traditional. She choked down half of it. It was disgusting. I had a Coconut Mojito, thought I'd try something different. It wasn't. Boring. My pepperoni pizza was boring, but edible-ish. My wife's Margherita was a revolting mess. This is the definition of simple and they managed to screw it up. I think it starts with using crap ingredients. Normally it's done with fresh Mozzarella. This must have come out of a bag from COSTCO. That would have been OK if the waiter had bothered to do that, "How is everything?" trip back to the table after the food has been on the table for just long enough for the customer to have assessed the fare. (They take it in service training right before the course entitled "Improving your tip percentages - Attention to the customer") Not here! I ate mine, went to the john (number 1 and number 2, not just a simple drain and shake), washed my hands, returned to the table, cleared my email, waited 10 more minutes and finally our waiter decided it was time to pay a visit. Smooth. "How is everything?" How does it look you dumb ass? Mine's eaten, my wife's has had one bite taken out of it and returned to the plate. Take a freaking guess "How it is"! Duh!It took us 30 mins to get the check. With the Manager's swift intervention. Did I mention, at the end, the offered to bring her something else? Are they kidding? Short of Roses, Krystal and a Chanel gift card, these guys would be better off just hiding in the back.There are better culinary offerings in Las Vegas, even in Caesar's  - just try Fat Tuesday's, better food, better value and they give a damn.Ticket: Table 22/1 Guests:2, 09/02/12 3:09 pm, #60028, Server J***n, Cashier N***l.Thanks guys, the wife was already pissed off, you just sent her over the moon.
3	A night in the Caesar's hotel and casino and my boyfriend and I had no idea where to eat for dinner. Browsed a bit downstairs and ended up at Trevi.Trevi has a gorgeous fountain with the whole nine yards on it, there's no way you can miss it. Be sure to get a patio seat so you can gape at it as long as you want.For dinner, my boyfriend and I ordered the beef carpaccio, spaghetti and meatballs and the carbonara. The beef carpaccio was delicious, the spaghetti with meatballs and carbonara were, however, so-so. My carbonara dried up quickly so it tasted dry and bland. The spaghetti with meatballs were also so-so, the meatballs were quite lackluster.
5	In the heart of Vegas at the Ceasars Forum shops lies this yummy Italian Restaurant. I like to sit outside to soak up all the ambiance of the goers by. You'll dine next to one of the flowing fountains underneath a sky scape. Food is delicious and priced reasonable. The service is great. It is one of my go to places in Vegas. They have salads, pasta, pizza and entrees. A little bit of everything for everybody.
4	I came here for dinner before my friend's bachelorette party  festivities. We'd made a reservation because there were six of us, but when we arrived it didn't seem that busy. We probably could have done without the reservation, even though it was a Saturday night. First they seated us "outside." It was SO loud - to the point that we actually asked to be moved inside. I wouldn't necessarily recommend sitting out there, unless you're a bit closer to the restaurant side.We ordered a bottle of champagne to celebrate - it was pretty good, but I forget the name. One girl in our group accidentally spilled two of the glasses; the server and bussers were helpful in immediately getting it cleaned up, but then the server brought two new glasses. That was nice of him, except then he charged $9 apiece. I get that you need to make money, but don't bring glasses, act like they're complimentary because we had a spill situation, then charge us. I'd have preferred he ask us if we wanted to pay for more.I ordered the pesto fettuccine. It was meant to come with shrimp, which I don't eat, so I was able to order it without and pay less. It was good; definitely something I'd order again. One girl in our group really wanted fettuccine Alfredo, which they made for her even though it wasn't on the menu. It was definitely good food; everyone was pretty happy with theirs. Our server was friendly and quick. The champagne situation was a little annoying but overall, it was a pretty good experience.
4	Food was very good.  Service was very good.  Would definitely go back when I am in Las Vegas.
5	This review is long overdue and im sorry it took so long! I had my wedding reception here which consisted of about 12 people. We had a wonderful table outside the fountain which made for awesome pictures. All the food was great there were all types of food ordered from seafood pastas, flat breads, lasagne, steak etc and there wasnt any complaints from anyone. The service was fantastic and they took care of my wedding cake and everything. It is a fantastic restaurant for a beautiful wedding reception and i would reccomend it to anyone in a heartbeat!
5	Party of twelve, with three toddlers. Not what any server wants to see on a Friday night, right?Well, you couldn't tell for one second, because our servers and bussers couldn't have been any nicer to us, even with the kids. The food was all solid (except the pizzas we had as appetizers, which were soggy), but the service was so great that it pushed up my review to 5 stars.Thanks to the management and service staff for making us feel welcome!
4	Delicious food great price fantastic service. Atmosphere ok. The gelato is to die for!
2	We had a later dinner here on the night of our arrival.  Ate at the bar, service was great.  Shared a beef carpaccio, a caesar salad, and spaghetti and meatballs.  The carpaccio and the salad were great, the spaghetti was fine, the meatballs were SO DRY.   All in all, not a bad meal, but nothing to write home about and nothing to bring us back with all the delicious options in Vegas.
4	We stopped by before going out dancing. We were lucky to sit right by the fountain. I love the real fountain but it was pretty cool to sit by this one. My friend had the Frito Misto and Caprese and he said they were great I had a salad and it was fresh and well done. The wine was very good the waiter was attentive. I really had a great time.
2	This restaurant is in an awesome location. A group of five of us decided to eat there because the happy hour menu seemed really good while we were walking by. When we asked to sit at the bar they said it was full which was fine but, they refused to let us order off of the happy hour menu. Apparently sitting twenty feet from the bar makes the food disintegrate. I offered to pay full price but there was nothing even similar on the menu. The waiter seemed so irritated that I had even asked if I could order something from a different menu that he didn't decided he wasn't going to wait on our table. Half the food came 10 minutes before everyone else's food. He didn't refill anyone's drink. One of the people in our party asked for lemons which arrived 15 minutes after he asked. There are so many extraordinary restaurants in Vegas that I would never go back to this place.
5	Had happy hour here. everything was pretty good. Calamari could have been slightly less fried or had less batter
5	My sister had her wedding reception here. We were seated upstairs in the Mezzanine level. We had such a wonderful time. The ambiance was amazing. Service was excellent. MICHELLE, the manager, had helped me for MONTHS in getting this event organized. She would respond to all of my emails instantly and offer help, tips, suggestions, etc. She was AMAZING!!! When I finally met her in person I hugged her! I would highly recommend having an event here.
4	Yummy Bloody Mary here. It's more of an Italian style because they put basil in it and mozzarella. If you're in the mood for a unique spin on a Bloody and your staying at Caesars or walking through the forms, then stop in here. Sit at the bar and enjoy the sounds of the fountains.
3	The reason that it gets a 3, instead of a 4, was service. The food was a solid 4, with the pasta being cooked very well, the meatballs as big as your head and the pizza cooked just right! It was well priced for the quality. There is no kids menu, but if you can think of a pasta dish they can make up a half order for the tikes. Other than that, we just simply had lackluster service. Drink glasses routinely hitting and sitting on empty, only seeing the waiter once after food arrived, etc. There was a table next to us that seemed to get the VIP treatment and this place may be a 5-star experience if you are "that guy". Literally had management going over to the table and multiple waiters to greet "this guy". Well, I had never seen him before, and don't you go to places like this, and pay prices like this, so you get that same kind of service? Overall, it was a good restaurant and we would probably go and try it again. It is A-OK.
5	I have been here twice and the second time was even better.  I got the pesto pasta with shrimp and it was almost perfect.  Very tasty.  I also had a piece of the cheese pizza and it was very good.  The only thing that needs change is the prices.  Pasta is one of the cheapest things, yet my dish was almost 25 dollars.  It was delicious, but 25 for a single pasta dish is too expensive, even in Vegas.
5	Trevi - Forum Shops in Caesar's PalacePrior to being diagnosed with celiac disease, this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It always provided delicious Italian dishes with a decent price tag and a great atmosphere. I love eating outside the restaurant (but in the mall) on the cobble stone street being able to people watch while enjoying a delicious meal and glass of wine. We decided to stop there and have an early lunch one day while out shopping around. They do not have a dedicated gluten free menu but they were able to give me several options on the menu that could be prepared gluten free. While the waiter wasn't as confident about gluten free items, he was able to go back into the kitchen and talk with the chef about choices for me, which made me feel pretty good about eating there. I decided on a filet and mashed potatoes. It's probably one of the safest dishes we can eat at a restaurant without getting glutened. The steak was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes were delicious. I wouldn't expect anything less from Trevi. While they don't have a dedicated gluten free menu, I feel comfortable in saying that folks who can't have gluten but are able to explain and ask questions about their meal would be able to safely have dinner there without any problems.
3	Enormous portions -- split the pizza or even a salad. Not even the men we dined with -- three of them -- could even finish those huge salads. Are you obese? You'll love it here. Some very annoying tourists came and were brushing up against my husband (as we sat dining in a roped off area!) to take photos of the huge statue until they got kicked out. No class. They could have stood on one of the other sides easily.
2	Awful service. Super slow and ignorant. Food was below average. Oilyyyyyy, salty, and tasted like plastic.
2	- misleading prices displayed outside- snooty waiter.- slow service.- below average food.
5	I went there with a couple of buddies the first time we all did a trip to Vegas. They told me to pick a spot and since we were walking through Caesar's Palace, I just let my nose lead us. It led us to Trevi's. We all fell in love with the calamari!! Also the Crab/spinach/artichoke dip was awesome!!! The drink menu also has some very nice drinks on it. Since then I have been back to Vegas 3 times and every time we get off the plane, we drop off our stuff and go straight to Trevi's. But now we get the Fritto Misto!! Try it!!! My mouth waters every time we talk about it!! The place does get busy though.......so if you are impatient....go some where else!!!
2	Trevi - Forum Shops in Caesar's PalaceService: We were sat promptly at a great table. Hostess was on her game but our waitress was not. Took a long time to take our order and when food arrived a dish was missing. We were then told that she forgot to put the order in and would rush it out. Unfortunately it came out after everyone had finished eating. Food: Small portions for decent quality. I would say it's overpriced for what you get.
3	This is a 3.5 star rating.  We just had an appetizer here before the elite yelp event at Gordon Ramsay Pub.  We sat at the bar, and were greeted immediately by a very friendly bartender.  I had a glass of pinot noir, which was $12 as I recall and very good.  The wine list was solid, and they had several selections of white and red by the glass.  We decided to split the antipasto.  It was $13.95 and comes with the usual suspects.  I would want more meat, there was probably only 2 ounces, maybe 3 on the plate.  I think they can add more meat and charge an extra $3 for it and this dish would be a winner.  The marinated artichokes were great, as was the basil leaf included.  Peppers were solid as well, but none were very hot.  I know that most people don't like them hot, but maybe they could offer you hotter peppers if you want them.  Which, I always do.  You do get 4 large pieces of mozzarella.  All in all, it was excellent service, and I think a couple of tweaks to the dish would make it a 4 star appetizer.  There were a couple of dishes on the menu that looked really good, so I imagine we'll be back.
4	I love this place and make a point to go every single time were in Vegas!  The ambiance is fantastic and makes for a very nice and memorable dining experience.  The service is always outstanding.  We had a wonderful bottle of Shiraz with our meal that completed our meal perfectly.  I wouldn't say the food is THE best in the entire world, but it is still very delicious, and I highly recommend it.  The prices are very reasonable, and so is the wine etc.  the bottle of wine we had was $39 I believe and was a great value for how good it was.  Good job Trevi!!  Can't wait to come back!!!!!  I think my review is about 6 years over due!
5	Awesome place to go! Was there had the spaghetti and meatballs. Waiter was cool. Very friendly; our friend got drunk and we still were able to finish our food once we got a can for him. Being next to the fountain makes it have a surreal feeling to it. Can't complain will go again.
1	This place is truly a DISASTER, A Big Tourist -Trap, I would avoid if you can. First of all it's noisy if you want to have a conversation by the fountain, I was alone so it didn't matter to me but impossible to even hear the waiter describing the specials. Lighting is bad so you cannot read the menu's without your phone in Flashlight mode. I ordered an app and Pasta with meatballs, they forgot my appetizer and then my food arrived...looked like the meatballs were sitting under a heat lamp and they were dried out like falafel would be, the pasta was "LITERALLY" Charred and blackened. I sent it back and they appeared to have changed the pasta and sent back the same meatballs. I sent it back a second time and ordered another dish which came out cold. The assistant manager offered no appology, a dessert or coffee as a gesture. The waiter was aloof and simply didn't listen well...NEVER AGAIN!
4	Great restaurant in Casears Palace. Nice intimate vide. Food was great an we only tried the apps. Meatballs were top 5! Drink specials were good too!
2	Great setting.  walked into sitting area since no hostess, who soon materialized and made us feel like we did something wrong for walking in but we went to bar and blew her off.  Bartender was good, but when the rest of party showed and we went into sitting area, waiter pulled a fast one.  Bad margarita was delivered, so it was sent back.  Brought back a different one to see if liked.  So-so but drank anyway.  When final bill came, so-so margarita was actually $3 more than normal marg, but he never told us.  When brought to his attention, he was indifferent.  His tip was less than normal for this so he lost out, but management needs to talk to waiters so customers aren't screwed.  Not a lot of money but bad for business.  Be careful when you order and check your bill.
4	This is some good Italian...I mean gooood.  Ok, so I won a bit of money of the NFL Playoffs last time I was in Vegas, and I had just left a cigar lounge where I had a delicious Cohiba and a glass of some of the finest 32 year single malt Scotch man can get his hands on.  and sure, I was pretty heavily intoxicated and food was all amazing and almost alien to me at times, but I still do know my food.  Got the calamari fritto and the mozzerella sticks to snack on first.  Breading on both is done to perfection and they started the meal off with a thumbs up.  Got Trevi's signature dish, their Frutti Di Mare.  This is a seafood pasta, comprised of lobster, shrimp, scallops, tomatoes and scallions.  EPIC.  Pasta sauce was perfect, fish was fresh and BY NO MEANS skipped on, and the flavor combinations went incredibly.  Got sum dessert the table split, can't honestly tell you what it was but I was on point as well.  Oh, and those cookies they have are dank as fuck too.  Anywho, This place has my respect.  When your a big dog and you know it, sometimes you just know you gotta run along with the other big dogs...just becuz you can.  Minatures and poodles unprepared will most likely be better off avoiding the grim reality not being cut out for this worthy a meal.
5	we loved our meals.  Philadelphia native we were at a pass.  Who would have thought a gem in the middle of the mall.  I had veal parm was greeaattt and tender.  Lasagna pizza was too much to eat and the gnocchi was good.  Drinks were good and a great way to celebrate a friends b day away.   Overall great dinner for the value.
1	Can you say SLOOOWWWWWW SERVICE?!?!? The other reviewers weren't lying when they said the service at this place SUCKS. Granted our server tried to be nice, he seemed a bit aloof. Like maybe he'd gone out partying the night before and was still recovering. First thing, he messed up our order. When the wrong appetizers arrived at our table (45 mins after sitting down) he was just bringing us our drinks. STRIKE ONE!About 30 mins later our food was brought out along with another tables plates. I watched as the food server left our food on a stand in the middle of the aisle as patrons walked by and inspected my food, while he served the other tables. NOT COOL! When he finally came back to serve our table, my lasagna was cold. I'm talking cheese not melted, hardened noodles -COLD. STRIKE TWO After getting my food reheated, I was too through. The lasagna tasted terrible. Very bland and nothing like I'd hoped for. I didn't eat more than three bites of my entree. And though my husbands food was warm, it didn't taste all that great either. STRIKE THREE! At this point we just asked for the check and left.Though the atmosphere is nice, but EXTREMELY LOUD if you sit out by the fountain, this place was sooooo not worth cost of admission. Spend a few extra bucks and just go to Spago!!!
2	Noisy, good food, decent service.Who wants to have fine Italian dining in a mall? Not me. Regardless of the Forum Shops' painted-on clouds, it's still a mall. If I wanted mall food, I'd go to Hot Dog on a Stick.The food itself was alright, but you can do better. Really. You deserve it, too. Save that $50, take it to the nicest Italian place in your home town and go. If you don't have a nice Italian restaurant in your home town, spend the money on gas getting to the nicest Italian restaurant closest to your home town. Don't burn it here.
4	Went looking for a place to rest my feet and people watch and stumbled upon this little gem during happy hour. Enjoyed a few small plates and some specialty cocktails. Service was average and the food was tasty. Would definitely come back.
4	When looking for a place to have dinner in Caesar's, my fiance and I chose to eat at Trevi. I was looking for something light and he was in the mood for chicken. It was the perfect choice. I ordered the Caprese salad as my entree and it was absolutely delicious. I know, it's a simple dish that's hard to mess up, but their ingredients were so fresh. I loved it. I wasn't very hungry that night, so if you are, accompany it with an entree. My fiance ordered the Chicken Marsala. It was served with green beans and mashed potatoes. He really enjoyed it!  I tried it as well and it's definitely something I would recommend.  Service was good and the atmosphere was nice as well. We opted for seating in their dining room, rather than out in the Forum Shops.
5	It has become a tradition for my bf and I to eat at Trevi each time we go to Vegas.  The food is pretty good, the service is spotty but it's just the cutest place and we love it!  Way better than a lot of the other more expensive places we've been to in the area.
4	We tried this place on a whim and boy am i glad we did.The presentation is sharp and classy, the ingredients are fresh, prices are surprisingly reasonable. We sat right by the fountain, I had some trepidations about doing that based on previous yelps but I am glad we did. The fountain is not that loud at all, the din of the Forum shops is greater. We really enjoyed this place and will return many more times in the future.
5	The food was divine.  I had a seafood pasta dish and pistachio gelato for dessert.  The service was impeccable.  My friends an I had a wonderful meal here.  Would revisit in a heartbeat :)
3	This place is right next to a giant fountain of the gods in Caesars, which is cool until you're seated right next to it. The water crashing was so loud.Service was very professional. We were asked to leave our already-in-hand-drinks at the hostess station before we were seated, but they were glad to let us finish them and take them for us.They offer complimentary bread service. The bread was a focaccia that was seasoned with something that tasted like croutons (odd, but enjoyable). At the recommendation of the water attendant and the waiter, I ordered the chicken scallopini. It was good. No complaints. It wasn't per say better than any other middle of the road Italian restaurant, but better than Olive Garden by a large margin. Everyone really enjoyed their dinners, which says a lot. Like I said, service was excellent. The "inside" of the restaurant was very swanky, but I think I preferred the "patio" despite the raging waters. Restrooms were immaculate. When we notice we had forgotten our camera and asked for it, they had it in a drawer with 10 other cameras. Ha! I do wish they would have just given it to us immediately, they knew where we'd been sitting and we were standing right in front of them before we left. oh, well, not harm no foul.  Dinner for 5 with drinks was $200 before tip. Thanks for dinner Mike V. or should I say thanks to the Flamingo roulette table!?
3	Solid experience in general. Great service while sitting up at the bar. Drinks were excellent as well. We had two appetizers- calamari and stuffed mushrooms. Both were quite good. The Calamari could have had a bit more something like either garlic or some type of aioli but it was pretty decent. The reason this place doesn't get a 4 is because the pizza was not just not good it was BAD! It was edible for sure but not good @ ALL! This was a shock because everything else had been solid or good. It didn't taste like pizza- very disappointing. Might be worth trying other menu options.
4	I love this restuarant. It's in the middle of shopping forums at Ceasars. Good location to seat and enjoy the crowd and views of fountains and statues. They used to have a bread for free that was real good, but no more! Therefore they don't get 5 star review.Ceasar salad is pretty good and they got a good selection of pastas and lagzania.
5	The staff was so super nice and the food is sooooooo delicious. Every time we come to visit Vegas we make it a point to eat here. Highly Recommend!!
5	Enjoyed a nice lunch by the fountain.  Was able to people watch and enjoyed my clay oven pizza and caesar salad.  Service was good, nice beer selection, although nothing on tap.
3	Had the trevitini; orange vodka, orangecello and blue curaco...wow.  Beautiful setting, enjoy watching the sky change from sunlight to sunset while dining.  Happy Hour starts early and very reasonable for such an idealic setting.
3	It you want cheap (by Vegas standards), convenient food with good people watching, this is your place. But, do not expect the food to be flavorful or the usual quality you would get for the price. I ordered a standard margherita pizza ($14) and a caprese bloody mary ($10). I was happy with both, especially the bloody mary. It was bloody awesome!My friend ordered the linguine vongole ($25, linguine with steamed clams) and was very unhappy with it. She said it had no flavor and was not worth the price. Perhaps sticking with simple dishes and keeping your standards low is the best strategy at this restaurant.The service was fine. Nothing special, but not sub-par either. For the price, convenience, and people watching, this restaurant suited my needs. In response to an earlier review, I had a drink in hand coming into the restaurant and the hostess said nothing about it. My final comment is that Caesar's Palace has many fountains paying tribute to the famous Trevi Fountain (including the fountain outside this restaurant), however this fountain was clearly not built in the time of Caesar. Beware of these and other historical inaccuracies in the theming of the palace!
2	Mediocre at best though I suppose you come here for the "ambiance" anyway.  We came here for "Trevi Time" but found out that you have to actually sit at the bar counter to get the HH prices.  We opted to then pass on HH since we wanted to sit out by the fountain.  The fountain is loud as others have said but it actually is cool having it as part of your view as well as being able to see the "sky" above change from day to night.  Food and drinks were just "meh."  I had the frozen bellini and my sister had either the same drink or the Capri Coral Crush.  One thing's for sure about both of our drinks: the drinks themselves while not being strong sure had a strong alcohol taste which we both found unpleasant.  Thank goodness I had ordered gelato with mine or else I would not have been able to drink much of the bellini at all!  To eat we ordered the lasagna pizza since it sounded interesting and seemed to get good reviews.  I personally wasn't too crazy about it.  I was expecting more of a deep dish pizza taste to it and I've had really good deep dish pizza so I was disappointed to find out it was more lasagna than pizza, and cold lasagna at that.  And I can actually say that I find Sbarro lasagna tastier than Trevi's lasagna pizza!  It's definitely fun and kitschy to sit outside by the fountain - just don't expect to be blown away by the food or drinks.
3	I have eaten here a number of times and continue to return for the yummy pizza, however, I am only giving 3 stars because I wasn't impressed by the service we had from our waiter today. We went at lunchtime and it wasn't super busy. The waiter we had was not friendly and answered menu questions with minimal responses which were of no help. He seemed short with us and didn't provide friendly customer service which you would expect from a place like this.
2	Oof...not good.  Hubs and I came here for a "nice" dinner after Michael Jackson One.  I was skeptical of a kitchy Italian restaurant in Caesars, but I thought it couldn't be that bad...blah.  It wasn't exactly BAD, but it just wasn't good.  The best part of the meal was definitely the bread!  The herbs on it were so good, and the oil was the perfect dipping sauce.  They kept it comin' too!I ordered the lasagna and hubby ordered shrimp amatriciana.  She warned him that it could be "spicy" and suggested he get it with no spice so he did.  Unfortunately no spice = no taste.  The watery spaghetti noodles didn't hold any of the "sauce" so he was constantly trying to spoon it all together for an ideal bite.  I tasted the pasta and it literally tasted like nothing.  Not impressed.My lasagna was equally unappealing.  It came to me on a large plate with a glob of congealed cheese on top - like it had been sitting for some time under a heat lamp.  Instead of being hot and fresh, it looked and tasted like yesterday's lasagna that someone threw on a plate, microwaved, and then forgot about.  The sauce was very weird as well - the sauce and the meat were separate.  There were little balls of beef sitting on top of the sauce under the noodles...and it just didn't look good.  It didn't taste good either....it was luke warm and tasteless.  We had been pumped to order dessert for our fancy night, but we ended up passing.  The dessert menu looked good enough,  but we were just too turned off after that dinner.Also, wait staff was annoying.  We got there at 9:45 and they closed at 11.  Around 10:30 we had a waitress come by and ask us to swap her oil bottles - in my opinion, if you have closing work, you work on empty tables first and then move to other tables AFTER the customer has left.  We paid way too much for this meal and I would never, ever recommend it.
1	I came here because of the amazing food. Tonight we got an attitude from hostess because we needed a bigger table to seat our 4 plus highchair. We were just trying to prevent broken dishes because our 18 month old could reach anything on table cause it was so small. Our waiter was very nice and seated us at a larger table. Then we found out the menu changed. Why mess with a good thing? No more mashed potatoes:( I prefer mashed potatoes over pasta. Just my preference, cause my favorite dish is Chicken Marsala . Btw now this dish also changed to a watered down tomato base that tasted so bad I could not eat it. Sooooo disappointed, I thought I finally found a restaurant we could frequent. So back to searching, cause I will never eat here again.
3	Nestled right next to the giant Caesar's Palace fountain in the Forum Shops the food is just alright but the location is dead center. The one nuance is that a lot of tourists like taking pictures of this massive fountain so if you get the table in front, be sure to be photo bombing a ton of random people's photos. That being said, the food is okay and the price variability is really bizarre. The margherita pizza special was 10 bucks and was rather tasty and then the 28 dollar amatriciana shrimp pasta was very mediocre. Especially if you are in Vegas and especially in Caesar's there are plenty of better eats for the same price!
3	Trevi has a nice atmosphere and is located in Caesar's place in the Forum's Shop. My favorite part about this place is the Crab meat/Spinach/Artichoke dip. It was amazing and so delicious. I wanted to come back here for drinks and just the dip. They serve it with a baguette and they toast the bread perfectly. It has a nice crunch to it without being too crunchy so that the crumbs fly all over the place. I ordered the Fettuccine Al Pesto Congamberi. It has shrimp and creamy pesto sauce. It would have been amazing if the shrimp was fresh. The shrimp had that "fishy" smell and it wasn't too pleasant to eat. My boyfriend had the Fettuccine Pollo Carbonara. He enjoyed his dish but he said it wasn't amazing. Our total bill was about 70$. For the price and the meal, I would give it a 3 star.
4	Very pleasant restaurant, with congenial servers.  Pizza was quite good, as were our salads and meatballs.  Set in a very pretty setting next to the fountain.  A unique and very reasonably priced (for Vegas) dining experience.
4	Wonderful meal overlooking the fountain. The pizza to start was wonderful. The salad with warm chicken was excellent as was the pastas!
5	There are a lot of great restaurant choices in Las Vegas--especially for Italian food. My husband and I decided on Trevi mostly because it was conveniently located, and according to Yelp reviews, not terribly expensive. We were not disappointed. (Thank you Yelpers!) We sat right next to the fountain--a great spot for people-watching while dining. We started with the fried calamari, a very generous portion and nicely crisp, not greasy at all. We shared a Caprese salad and the fresh mozzarella was very good. My husband had the seafood pasta, generously laden with scallops, lobster and shrimp. I had the grilled shrimp marinara pasta--equally tasty. Portions are pretty generous, service attentive. I will definitely return here on my next trip to Vegas.
3	They DO NOT take Total Rewards .. So you earn no points for eating here, they seem to have their own card. The food here is ok, I had spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were huge and I could only eat one. The service was awesome, Jenn our waitress was excellent. We knew going in that this was not gourmet italian food so I can't say anything negative about their food. The view is pretty awesome, you can sit right next to the fountain and it is a great spot for people watching. If you need to eat something quick and dont want to shell out vegas prices this place might be a good option.
3	Meatball greatness! My Nona would be proud
4	the food was amazing our server Shyanne was friendly and quick to wait on us. excellent way to end our night of shopping. will be back again.
4	It is a cute place with a very good food and service where you don't have to drop $300 on dinner for two- not your best place but not TGIF either. The Italian dishes ere very good and very reasonably priced- higher quality for sure. I was impressed and not what I expected given the place and the cost.Friendly staff, cool setting and people watching- definitely a good stop before the show.
4	Located in the Forum Shops Mall at Caesar's Palace by the fountains.  The staff are friendly from the hostess to the busboy.   They have seating on the "outside" section by the fountains and inside.Our server, Cheyanne was very friendly, helpful and attentive.  We ordered...Traditional Caesar - delicious!Calamari Fritti - good but not greatCamberi Shrimp - delicious!Bottle of Pinot Grigio Santa Margarita- incredible!Everything was good.  Food was very good and service was excellent.
4	I was to Trevi in January for a Yelp Elite event and I was sure I'd come back and try the menu.  I just didn't think I'd take this long.  Before our show at the Colosseum last night, we came here.We were asked if we wanted to eat on the patio or inside.  Because the water flow at the fountain is loud, we asked for a patio seat near the back.  That's exactly what we got from the delightful hostess.Within moments, our server was there to take our drink order and a runner stopped with fresh bread and a bottle of olive oil with a sprig of rosemary.  She poured some of the oil into a small dish for dipping the bread.  Our iced teas were quickly brought.  We had a few questions and our server, Cheyanne, was an excellent help.My wife ordered the chicken Limone which the menu describes as "fettuccine with grilled chicken, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes and lemon zest tossed in a tangy cream sauce."  I got the pollo la Griglia which is described as "grilled chicken medallions with oven-roasted tomatoes, artichoke hearts and provolone cheese in a tomato caper bianco sauce, served with risotto cake and asparagus."  For dessert, we shared a Coppa Cioccolata which is described as "chocolate gelato and fresh raspberries with chocolate & raspberry sauces."The food was excellent.  The cream sauce with my wife's chicken was very good, and she loved the touch of the sun-dried tomatoes in the sauce.  The chicken was moist and tender.  My chicken was also very good.  The provolone was quite stringy and made the dish very tasty!  The risotto cakes were something new for me and I'm so glad I got them.  I think I'll return and just get some risotto cakes they were that good.Dessert was also excellent!  The gelato was dark chocolate and had a very rich flavor.  The fresh raspberries and the sauces just added to a good dessert and a perfect size for sharing.The ambiance was outstanding!  Watching the ceiling lights change brightness and color to emulate sunrises and sunsets and seeing the small blue lights for stars while listening to the water at the fountain makes for a romantic and scenic setting.  It's so much fun to dine at a place like this in Las Vegas where we can watch the tourists as they stroll by and take photos of everything.  What a city!As for service, it was first rate!  Our table was never unattended by someone.  When I put and empty packet of Sweet 'n Low on the table, it was removed almost immediately.  Cheyanne or one of the bussers kept our iced teas refilled.  She was a very pleasant young woman.  She boxed some leftovers and included a packet with plastic ware and a napkin.  I had promised Brandon, the general manager, at our Yelp event that I'd be back.  When I asked about him last night, Cheyanne gave him my message and he came to the table and chatted with us.  I also watched as he went to other tables to check on diners.  He's alert to what's going on and he's a very personable guy.  The staff and the food make this place a will return.  I am a big fan!!
4	With mixed reviews we were not sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised... We were seated quickly (party of 2) and our waitress was there within a few minutes for drinks some, yummy bread and a few suggestions... I went with her first recommendation , a butter nut squash lasagna, and it was amazing... Could have used a little more spice but delicious non the less... Great place
2	Food: Mostly no good. Had the chicken limone - blah - and chicken piccatta - odd and blah. Had a Bellini to drink... it wasn't for me. However the calamari appetizer was very tasty. Service was great, but that wouldn't bring me back again to eat the food.
3	This review if for the Happy Hour only - which is one heck of a deal. Cheap beer and relatively cheap cocktails are always welcome at a fancy place like Caesar's - with the crazy expensive Forum Shops all around this place the inexpensive HH was a great find.2-6 pm and in the bar area only you can really get your drink on. Now, the martinis weren't great but I didn't think they were terrible either. There was a lot of booze which helps matters. Still, I think next time I will stick with beer.I really did like the bar area - it's dark and set back a little from The Shops so you can have an intimate conversation or just hang out inside away from the heat. Of course, the "outdoor" dining area is way cool because you can see the sky change from night to day and back again. But, HH isn't offered in that seating area.We had a fairly attentive frat-boyish server who was personable. He seemed a bit oblivious at times but he still got our drinks out to us with the quickness. Would I be down to try to food and go for a dining experience? Sure. But really, it's all about the Happy Hour at this place so hit it up.
4	Lovely dinner with friends reminescent of my visit to the Trevi fountain in Roma.  I love the way the sky changed colors from day to night, lots of pink.  I had some yummy drink but I don't remember, must have been good!  I wanted something truly Italian, just had to have salad since CA is so nearby. I miseed the gelato near the fountain in Roma...guess I'm due for a visit
4	Great atmosphere, food, and service. I wished that it was more lit in the inside. It helps see the food and your company.
4	I stopped by Trevi for a quick bite during the happy hour before catching some football games.Food:I ordered the Mini Cheese Stuffed Burgers and a glass of Dark Horse Cabernet Sauvignon for $6 each.The mini burgers were good, and definitely worth it for the happy hour price.Side NotesAmbiance:Trevi is located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's, which is a prime spot for people watching.Service:The waitress was super nice, and came by frequently.Conclusion:This place has a solid happy hour, especially for a restaurant located in an expensive location. I will definitely be back to sit back and relax, and enjoy the happy hour food and drinks!
5	Finally got to try this place!!Sat down for lunch with my boyfriend, his brother and 2 cousins and we all ended up stuffed!!!!I had the Penne Diavolo and it was to die for!! It was the perfect amount of spicy and the penne pasta was cooked to perfection. The chicken was juicy and tasteful, overall, a very pleasant dish that I would love to have again.My boyfriend and his cousins had the lasagna pizza and it was insanely good!!! Talk about an explosion of flavors in your mouth! The deep dish crust covered in ground beef and tomato sauce with fresh mozzarella on top.... wow, just wow! Lastly, I got to take a bite out of the Pollo La Griglia and it was soooo good! Once again the chicken was cooked perfect, the sauce on top was so creamy and tasty, with the capers and tomatoes... yummy.I can't wait to try this place again
5	Dinner was delicious. I had the penne diavalo and my boyfriend had the shrimp Mac and cheese (I don't remember the name). Our appetizer was the mozzarella fritta. We could not fit in dessert lol. With two drinks, two entrees, and an app, our bill came to around $90. Service was exceptional-we were waited on by Tony. Checked on us at the right times, very attentive, very friendly. The other servers also assisted by bringing us more bread and refilling the drinks. We really enjoyed ourselves here-recommend to anyone looking for a great pasta dish and delicious drinks in the heart of Vegas!
3	Food was good but this review is mainly about the environment. the noise from the fountains were too loud. Most of the time I couldn't hear myself talk. When we went they weren't seating anyone inside and it wasn't even near closing yet. So I don't know why we weren't given the option. Service was good and our food came out fast, especially if it was pasta. And the bread with the olive oil was very tasty! Overall, it was okay. I would love to try the desserts next time!
4	Great service! Our server, Eddie, made sure that we wanted for nothing while my party was there tonight. Everything I sampled was fantastic (I had the chicken limone, which was delightful, one of the other members had the spicy ravioli, similarly enchanting), the drinks were exquisite (try the coconut mojito, then try another one...) Definitely worth another visit.
1	NOT THE PLACE FOR A PRIVATE PARTY!!!! While the food is awesome and the staff is nice we were told our party would be private and when we went upstairs to the private loft there was another group of about 25-40 people dining upstairs!!! Then after we pointed out that our party was supposed to be private because it was my wedding night they did NOTHING to try to mend the situation, not even an apology from the party manager!! Ridiculous!
2	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ONLYI never like to judge by only one visit, but the bartender sure was not interested in serving us. We were there for all of 25 minutes and she did not check on us once. I had to get her attention twice. I understand that servers and bartenders generally do not like dealing with happy hour clientele, but put in a little effort. She was either just starting or ending her shift, as she was much more concerned with sidework than the customers. Luckily, there was another bartender (or assistant?) who was much more attentive. We only ordered two plates: the stuffed mushrooms and the bruschetta. Both were a bit underwhelming. I had the Chianti, which was pleasant. The atmosphere is nice enough.
3	Our table buss boy, (actually a very handsome gentleman named Louis,) saved this review from being a one star. Ordered a $3 drink but was told it cost $9 so I passed. (Tiny happy hour fine print that confused two other patrons within earshot. ). Then tried to order a $10 pepperoni pizza but different version of the same bait and switch. Picture showed pepperoni but the $10 pizza was cheese...really cheesy if you ask me. ).  The real insult was when I asked for the manager to complain about their advertising and she told me they were aware of the problem but "corporate" over rode her decision making ability.  Then there was Louis, maybe the best restaurant worker in the forum.  What a pleasure to be assisted by this guy!  Thanks for the opportunity to comment on our experience.
4	My friends and I were able to be seated at 7pm on a Saturday night without any issues.  The outside was very loud because of the fountain, and so we chose not to sit there.The servers were very attentive (even if a few of them looked lost in the background a few times) making sure he thoroughly explained each of the dishes and was happy to give his honest opinion about them.  We split the fried raviolis, which were delicious especially with the MOUND of parmesan we were given.  I ordered the special which was some sort of lamb with grilled pears, risotto and asparagus which I substituted for green beans.  Surprisingly, the lamb was the biggest let down on the plate as everything else was hands-down amazing.  It wasn't bad... just not great.  My friend's dishes were apparently fantastic, and everything tat passed by us looked phenomenal.  I would definitely go back.
4	We had a wonderful late lunch/early dinner here. We started off with the crab spinach dip and it was perfectly creamy and the right balance of spinach and crab. I had the rigatoni bolognese. It was a MASSIVE bowl of pasta. It was great comfort food. My honey had linguini with some seafood in it. It was good he said but way to many tomatoes for some one who doesn't like tomatoes. Service was great. Waitress was very friendly. It was nice to sit on their "patio" and hear the sound of the beautiful fountain.
5	The atmosphere was great and food was fantastic.  I had veal scaloppine.  I also had some speciality drinks that were made with fresh mixes...you can taste it.  We went around 430 on a Tuesday and made reservations.  Wasn't 100% filled! but close.  Make reservations anyway. The only two negatives I can think of is obviously the price.  It's worth what you pay, but slightly high.  Second, if you don't like noise, get table away from the fountain.  It didn't bother me, but If someone didn't like that sort of thing, it could be uncomfortable.
4	A great food stop in Caesar's.  Very prompt professional service. The food is very good and the wood fired pizza is excellent.  The cost at Trevi is very reasonable and it is a perfect place to get a good meal while wandering around the shops in Caesar's.  I recommend this place to all. Buon Appetito!
2	Lasagna pizza was like a sloppy joe vs. a pizza and overpriced. Margarite pizza was not very unique for being in the caesars forum. Would not recommend this place. Service was excellent and location was really nice outside the trevi fountain.
4	The Trevi restaurant is blessed with a setting suitable to its name: adjacent to Caesar's beautiful Trevi fountain. "Outdoor" seating is available next to the fountain, which can make for a memorable dinner. My wife and I still fondly remember our prior dinner here, more than 10 years ago.So on our recent Vegas trip we came back for a return visit. We were reluctant, however, to blow our budget on yet another high-priced Strip dinner. We were delighted to discover that Trevi's as an option for more budget-minded diners: a pair of weekly specials. I had the Pizza of the Month (cheese and sausage) for $9.99, and my wife had the weekly sandwich special, a custom-roasted hamburger. We were not expecting anything special from pizza and hamburgers, but were pleasantly surprised what a top chef can do to everyday fare. The hamburger and pizza were fantastic, so good that they almost needed a new name - they were so far and above what we have come to associate with these items! So if you are on a budget it's worth checking out these weekly specials.Service was also top-notch, best we experienced during our week in Vegas, albeit with one exception cited below. Our server was extremely pleasant and personable, offered excellent suggestions and her service made for a wonderful dinner.However, I must point out one negative: towards the end of the meal we were hit up to purchase a card good at Morton's restaurants across the country, offering discount meals, for an upfront $25. Perhaps a good deal for some, but not us; there were few of these restaurants in our local area. Still, our server mentioned this twice, and the manager actually came to our table to give us a 5+ minute spiel himself. The sales tactics are overly intrusive, and should be pared back to a short intro and a brochure. I'm deducting one star purely for this.
1	Not impressed. Service was friendly but didn't seem genuine. Almost as if everyone that worked there would rather be doing something else. We sat "outside" by the fountain and found the noise of the water to be annoyingly loud. My food was cold and not very tasty. I actually think they used the wrong sauce which threw the concept of the dish way off. My husbands pasta was over cooked. It reminded me of lunch served in a school cafeteria. Disappointing all around.
1	Wow, where do I start?  I'm italian from the chicago area. My boyfriend and I were in Caesars walking around hungry and saw Trevi. The restaurant is pretty half inside and half outside surrounding a fountain. We were sat next to the fountain. It was loud but fun to sit and people watch. Service - our waitress was extremely friendly which was the only redeeming quality. Food- I ordered eggplant Parmesan and my boyfriend got the chicken piccata. For the price I expected top of the line food or even above average. My eggplant was dried out and tasted old. There were numerous pieces on the plate but it tasted pre-made. It was actually difficult to cut through. Marinara was average. Pasta cooked properly. The chicken piccata medallions looked boiled or poached. There was no color on the chicken. Very unappetizing!  I tasted it and it had no lemon flavor. After a few bites I was tempted to say we aren't going to eat and we wanted our money back but I decided to just pick at it and leave. (Never go back).
3	We have dined here a few times. We like this place because it is not overly expensive and easy to get to if you are going to caesers for a show.The only problem we have is they have happy hour but you have to drink at their little bar area only to get the happy hour drink prices. That should be good for the whole place not just the little bar area. ALSO we may not go back as they used to have a locals discount, when we asked for it this time we were told it EXPIRED! How does a local discount expire? We live here, if you want us to eat there and bring friends who visit gives us locals, a little incentive please! We have too many other restaurant choices!! The chicken was dry this time and I had to ask for extra sauce to smother it in.
3	Estheticly speaking sitting out in the courtyard having lunch or dinner at Trevi is  at the forum shops a way of life so to speak. Anyone who has been there multiple times has dined here at least once.  This used to be something else now part of the Landry group it tends to just miss greatness yet not fall to unacceptable sort of like all Landry's properties. Inside outside seating int he mall the Fountains of the Gods drowns out whatever noise there is as the people watching make this place a don't miss regardless.   After being seated it taks what seems like forever to get drink orders and menus.  Finally order and no bread or anything is ever presented. We go with all appetizers for lunch.  Meatballs 2 Large tasty with nice marinara sauce. Antipasto De La Casa is Procuitto, olives, peppers, roasted peppers, buffalo mozerella with light basalmic vinegar.  Decent.Mozerella Fritta 3 large deep fried pieces of mozerella with marinara sauce .. Tasty but no where near enough sauce. 1 cheese pizza quite tasty with a very thin crust. Positives all the meals were good in quality and very tasty. negatives waiter was in the weeds - no bread offered - Refills on drinks and took forever to get the check..  Other negative was food was lukewarm to cold yet served quickly which makes no sense.Probably 2.5 stars here but certainly nothing bad just average.
5	Food is awesomeAmazing location and everything on the menu is great!!!! Worth a million
4	I guess we came here on a good night compared to some other reviewers. After seeing the crazy wait for the buffet on thanksgiving night we ended up here. We were sat right next to the fountain which was so relaxing.Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu items.I had a seafood Alfredo type dish with lobster, shrimp and scallops,  and my boyfriend had the chicken parmesan. Both of our meals were excellent. I do think it was a bit pricey but the food and service was very good.The only thing that was little annoying was having people taking pictures right in front of our table since we were sitting right next to the fountain but we tried to just ignore it and enjoy a relaxing evening.
5	Buono!! I was going for 4 out of 5, but my tough-to-please wife said they delivered 5 star results. Good food, good drinks and good service, from the hostess through all the servers, on up to the GM who was working a rare evening shift. We are VERY happy with our food and experience!
5	Ate here one 12/11 for HAPPY HOUR. Food was very good and the 3$ Bellini was very Nummy. We had the eggplant crisps, tomato bruschetta, and the bleu cheese stuffed sliders. Would eat here again for sure
4	Great restaurant. Food is excellent. Have been coming here for 6 years. My favorite dish is there chicken scaloppine . They are now part of Landry's Select Club.
4	The linguine ai frutti de mare was simply delicious. It had the most tender seafood as well as a perfect pasta-seafood ratio. The sauce was very flavorful and the pasta was cooked very well.  You won't regret getting it. The drinks were lacking to me. I had the Bellini and it tasted no different than the drinks you get at Fat Tuesdays but a fraction of the size. :)
2	You think you will sit and rest your aching feet while having a drink and maybe a little food but the water s deafening.  Literally shouting at people sitting at your table.  Tables are packed tight too.  Only bottled beer no draft.  $7 for a blue moon is a rip off.  I didn't pay that in Rome in front of the real Trevi fountain!!!  The calamari was ok.  Brushetta was lacking in taste, dont waste your money on it.  The pizza's looked good but for $17 they should.  Tourist trap for sure!
4	Best prices for a nice dinner at Caesars. Services is great and food came out very quickly. Not a a lot of healthy options or vegaterian but they are happy to modify dishes for you.  The salad servings are generous.  My only complaint is that if you sit out side the fountain is so loud you have to yell across the table so we. Always sit inside.  If your looking for good Italian without super inflated prices make sure you eat here.
5	Really good pizza, great atmosphere, and amazing pesto!! Girlfriend and I had dinner here and we were more than satisfied with out food as well as the service! I highly recommend this place. Five stars.
1	Friendly service but slow.  Carpaccio is good everything else was the worst I've eaten.  If people think this is authentic Italian then they must put Olive Garden as a 4 star.  This is a far cry from a good Italian restaurant.
4	My best friend,the gorgeous Jessica G., had her wedding reception here on 1/23/14. Trevi provides a wonderful venue for couples who wed at Caesars and don't want to pay the exorbitant catering fees that Caesars Palace imposes. Literally steps from Caesars' casino floor, Trevi is also located in a convenient location.Now, to the food:Fresh and tasty, Jessica chose salad, gourmet pizzas, and pastas. The buffet was beautifully arranged. Food stations were constantly replenished and plates were cleared promptly.The one negative of the evening would have to be the noise level. The private dining area is on Trevi's 2nd floor, and between the din of the Forum shops and the piped in music, conversation was a struggle.
2	I've passed by this place tons of times for many years and today finally tried the food. While the atmosphere is pleasant and the service good, the food was far less than stellar. We ordered the lamb bolognese, pollo fettuccine, and chicken Caesar salad. The lamb dish has undercooked noodles and very little meat, the chicken Caesar salad was as dry as a desert, and the pollo fettuccine has very overcooked chicken. Really wish we had gone somewhere else given the expensive prices for such a quality of food.
4	Had a great time with the girlfriend. Loved the lasagna pizza. The prices are reasonable and the service was great (our server Nelson) made sure to check in with us and got us what we needed. Will definitely come back.
2	Just going to copy verbatim what I composed in an email. Dear Brandon,I was a patron on Saturday February 15 at approximately 10:30 PM at your Trevi restaurant. I wanted to advise you of some good and not so good observations that I feel I should bring to your attention. Our waiter Joey was excellent. He was prompt and catered to my party of 8 with great care and hospitality. Contrarily, I observed one of the kitchen staff place an order of chicken Ceaser salad  on the table in a not so flattering way. Best description is that it was just tossed on the table without a care. Sorry, I had no name to provide only that he and another colleague were amused at the action. Also I and another in my party ordered one of the specials. Swordfish. It was cold and Joey immediately retuned it to the kitchen for a quick microwave. Still I was disappointed that it arrived in that state. Otherwise all the food orders were enjoyed by all.
5	I always seat by the fountains and its really really beautiful. The menu is really good! i tried the Carpaccio, Crab meat artichoke and lasagna the last time i went to visit this restaurant and it was so good! They also have good fettuccine polo carbonara!!! Must try!! :)
5	Amazing restaurant w great views of the Forum Shops!
5	Wow! Words alone will not be able to explain the depth of deliciousness that encompassed this meal. Rather than try I'll state simply that you must eat here. Perfect!! We had a party of 8 and enjoyed a variety of items such as: carpaccio, linguine with clams, lamb osso bucco, veal piccata, chicken parm, and much more. A great variety (no two people ordered the same dish). Celebrated a birthday and they took great care of us at Trevi. Thanks!
1	This was once one of my favorites on The Strip. Simple and yummy. Seafood options were amazing & plentiful. But now it's seriously just tourist trap crap.After eating there, I found out it was bought by Landry's, the Wal-Mart of restaurants, and I'm not shocked. The quality has dropped that low and the employees seem like they are held captive. My food tasted frozen & reheated, with an added bonus of burned edges on my pasta. PASTA.I get your rent is high & you think you can survive off of one-time only tourist patrons... but welcome to 2014. There is Yelp & the internet to keep you on your toes. Not to mention locals will dine there too and remember 12 years ago. Keep this up & you won't be able to pay that rent & be gone.Boo.
3	Trevi is not bad at all. Service was very good, food was pretty good, and the atmosphere was, well what you would expect from a restaurant  meant to replicate a place near the Trevi Fountain in Rome. I guess I'll give them this: if this were genuinely  a restaurant overlooking the trevi fountain in Rome, it would be similarly overpriced, crowded and noisy. So they've got a good replica going on at least.The food was good as I said, but nothing to write home about. Fettuccini Alfredo was much better than say, Olive Garden, but it's probably not going to have you come crawling back for more.  Wife got a $10 drink which came out of an auto smoothie machine... Could have just done fat Tuesdays for that.Anyway, A.OK, but pass if you are  really looking for fine dining and not just a fun and unique atmosphere.
3	Came here for dinner and it wasn't bad.  Located inside Caesar's Palace.  The drinks were yummy and service was good. Atmosphere wasn't bad.  The food wasn't bad, but nothing extraordinary either. They do give you good portions.  Don't come here before clubbing though unless you wanna dance with a super full tummy.
4	Excellent food! Had a great experience. Chicken diavolo was some of the best i've ever had! great flavors. Ask for Rufus as a waiter. Great personality and perfect attentiveness.
4	Food was great. I really enjoyed the lobster, spinach and artichoke dip, as well as their signature drink. The cheese ravioli was pretty good. Service was excellent and environment was enjoyable. Will come back again!
4	Nice Italian spot with well stocked bar.  Very loud If you sit near the entrance due to a huge fountain / waterfall.  We needed a table for 8 at 7pm on Sunday, walked up and were seated right away... Everything we ordered was decent.  Not spectacular. Service was good. No complaints. I'll go back someday...
5	For the gelato/coffee bar only:Great surprise. Much larger portions of gelato than expected for relatively low prices, fantastic service last night from the solo worker who was busting her a$$, solid cappuccino
5	Beautiful scenery great service delicious food. Right in the center of Caesar's Palace! I tried the shrimp dish I think it was linguine al fritte de mare. It was a little spicy which I loved and very filling. The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked.
5	This place was really good.  I had the shrimp macaroni and cheese (I have the palate of an 8 year old) and my beautiful wife had the ahi tuna...  we loved it.  The service was friendly and it was a good place to people watch while we ate.  Easy to find and not too expensive.  Even though the dining options in Vegas are endless, we look forward to coming back!
2	About what you'd expect from a restaurant right on the fountain. Overpriced tourist-fare.The server was incredibly insistent that we purchase a discount card for the restaurant's chain of eateries. She was so focused on this that she gave us someone else's bill. I really detest this sort of upselling shite but I think it pegs the sort of place that this is.It's a pretty location by the fountain, but you're paying for the location alone. There are eateries with good food in Vegas. This isn't one of them.
5	Way to go Trevi! I'm a total Italian food snob and the last place I thought we'd find anything half-decent on the Strip was in the middle of the Forum Shops. Alas, the Chicken Francese I had here was the best ever! It was so fresh, and so tasty I took my time on it. It was probably the first time my wife ever finished her food before I did. So frikkin' good.It's also worth noting our entrees made it to the table like lightning. I was floored. I had only eaten one piece of bread prior. I'm always suspicious when that happens, but like I said, this food was very good. And finally, we had the triple Gelato for dessert. I'm a Gelato snob as much as I'm an Italian food snob, which figures since they pretty much go hand-in-hand. In fact, it was the Gelato counter that made our decision. If we can have a nice dinner next to that beautiful fountain under the fake sky with Gelato for the win, I call that a good day. I also really appreciated the manager-type who came over to the table to check up on things. What a fun dude and great conversationalist. Seeing that helps explain why we had exceptional service and food. Hey - don't ever take it for granted. Some Vegas places are just happy to take your money and boot your pants.
2	Food was decent, not great. Service was fine. It's certainly reasonable as Vegas goes.
5	Bf took me here for my birthday on a Saturday night. We had reservations and requested fountain seating. Wait was about five minutes and our table ready for us:) I ordered my favorite, and the restaurant's signature dish linguine frutti de mare. Waiter was very nice and the dish was amazing. A bit pricey, but I highly recommend this dish and restaurant:)
2	Popped in here for dinner with some girlfriends. Honestly, nothing special. I got the shrimp ceasar salad, which was just a regular salad, nothing to rave about. My friends got different pasta dishes and they all tasted like those cheap microwavable/packaged food you can get at the super market. The service was good until the end when we wanted to pay and our waiter pretty much went missing and we just sat there for a while. Also, we made reservations for 4 people and 2 other friends decided to join- after calling to just add 2 more people to our reservation we were basically told they were full and they would "try" to add 2 more seats to our table. We got to the restaurant and it was half empty... not sure why we couldn't just add two more people to our reservation.
1	This used to be a good restaurant with great atmosphere and reasonable price. Unfortunately 6 people had lunch there 3 days ago and four got food poisoning .something I never expected in Vegas.  So don't fool yourself and think this is is the same restaurant that I had food before the name has changed so is the food.
1	This looked like such a nice place to dine right next to the fountain. Looking at the price I expected this to be fine dinning, however what we experience was nothing short of a complete joke on us! My wife ordered the Chicken Piccata, and I ordered their best dish the Linguine Fruitti Di Mare. Both of these dish were also their most expensive so we thought this was going to be something great. Our server was horrible as she never smile or even said what her name was. This turned out to be a series of neglect and just bad service. Had to ask her three times to get a lemon for my water. Brought us bread and pour a little olive oil into the dish and started to walk away. Thus had to ask for some vinegar which she finally got from another table after the third request. Then we had to ask for a napkin and silverware as we did not have any on the table. By this time we had to inform the manager that our server may be overworked or too much for her to handle. The manager apologized however the service only got worst. We had to ask for refill of our coffee each time. You would think this is so basic customer service to keep the coffee cup full especially since the cups were clear glass. To top it off our Not so great server managed to drop a beer bottle on an empty chair at our table which got beer on my wife new shoes. The manager later came over and said that the server had told him what had just happened. He tried to apologize and only made a joke that lucky it wasn't wine. He did offer a desert, but we didn't want to take any chance for another disaster! Well we finally got the bill and noticed that there was no comp or discount. Actually when the server brought me my change back she said that they round off my bill so I guess I did get a price reduction of eight cents! Despite all this and wanting to leave a penny tip I decide not to lower myself and instead of giving my usual 20+% for gratuity I gave around 17% so I could still feel good that I could say that I still gave a fair tip since my mother was a server for many years of hard work.  One final note and the food was not fine dinning but rather okay. Guess I need to really check Yelp for now on before choosing where to eat and definitely before dinning out!
3	The restaurant was conveniently located near the Coliseum so we decided to eat here after the Elton John show.  We were seated immediately we were lucky because a line formed after us. We ordered the calamari as an free appetizer and it was just ok.  I would not order it again.  We also had the caprese salad which was way overpriced for the portion we received.  The romano chicken salad was good but I would definately order it with the dressing on the side because it was drenched.  Overall, it was a nice place to sit and enjoy people watching while you eat but there are so many places to eat in Las Vegas that I would come back here only after I've tried others at least once.
4	I had lunch here other day because since my son in law hates Italian food I don't get it very often. I decided to eat as much Italian as I could on vacation. I got the Caesar salad which was good and a huge portion  for a little side salad.  For my entree ordered Chicken Francese. It was very good. The sauce was perfect with a lemony undertone and creamy tomato taste on top! Service was great and manager came over to introduce himself and check on me. I would definitely go again.
2	Food was so so. Seems a bit of a tourist trap in the they can charge high prices for average food because of the location.I was starving going in and left plenty full but the food tasted like something you could get at olive garden. Paying a high price for italian food is dangerous, but I have experienced the wow factor before, this place just didnt deliver. I had the Linguine Vongole which lacked taste. The wife had the chicken carbonara which seemed to lack enough (any?) egg to bring out the true richness you would seek in a carbonara. Adding chicken to carbonara seems like a cheap attempt at improving it, but really just makes it a Alfredo. The menu even says it is a "Parmesan cream sauce". No classic carbonara uses an alfredo sauce.Others had the special and the pizza. The pizza seemed good, the person that had the special seemed less than impressed.On the other hand, the cannoli was legit and awesome.
5	My friends and I ordered lasagna, chicken marsala, rigatoni marinara and grilled chicken salad.  All the dishes were excellent.  The sauce was great and the pasta was done perfectly.  The chicken marsala was thin and crispy but not dry at all.  Our waitress was very attentive and personable.  If we ever go back to Vegas, this is the first place we're going to.
4	Happy hour at the bar was great. Loved the calamari and the mini burgers. The drinks were reasonably priced and I loved the pomegranates martini!  I normally avoid landrys restaurants like the plague but I am glad I tried this one out!
4	My husband and I love Trevi and come out to this restaurant every time we visit Las Vegas.  The service is wonderful and they are very attentive.We've ordered the lasagna and the chicken parm--both of which are fabulous.  I have also ordered their sald (Caesar) which is large enough to split among two people.  They give you large entrees and those too could easily be split.  It is easily one of the best Italian places I have been to in Las Vegas.The only thing that is so-so is the bread...and really who cares much about that? I mean, bread should be good but it's not the deal breaker.  It just has too much herbs in it for my taste.We will be back again.
2	We were at Caesars Forum shops because we had to buy a gift and of course we got hungry along the way.  We were in the mood for some Italian so it was either Spagos or Trevi.  We walked past spagos and didn't feel like mingling with a bunch of senior citizens so we decided to roll with Trevi.Took about 20 minutes to get us seated.  Tip...you want to be around in case they call your name before your approximate time.  They move through the list pretty quickly.  Two calls then onto the next.We like to order something very basic when we go to a new restaurant.  If they cannot get the basic menu items down, we really don't have an interest in returning.  So we ordered the Calamari for app.  I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and my wife ordered the chopped Italian Salad.  The calamari was a little on the bready side and the sauce was ok.  Nothing extraordinary.  The spaghetti was ok as well.  I can't say it tasted horrible.  But there's nothing really special about it.  My wife liked her chopped salad.At the end of the day, we spent approx $70 for food that is worth about $30. So the food is 3 star worthy, but the price knocked it down a star. I guess they have to find a way to pay the lease at Caesars!
5	Expensive, but worth it in taste and quality. You're not going to get huge portions, but what you get will be delicious.
2	I'm embarrassed to even admit that i hate here but it was one of those nights where we were just trying to find something to feed ourselves and not spend a fortune.  First of all, the setting is not ideal.  We sat "outside" which basically meant we were in the mall meant to resemble the outside.  The lighting is disturbing.  The waitress was wonderful but the food was so terrible.  Worse than Olive Garden terrible.  Don't waste your time.
5	amazing place. i want to give a million stars for this place. the food is exquisite. the staff are amazing...and the atmosphere is...i don't even have a word for it.go here if your in vegas, esp if your at caesars. best food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Pretty average italian food. The pasta and the marinara sauce were absolutely average. Basically expect to pay for olive garden quality food at a premium. Not really a memorable or exceptional spot. Also, the seating is right in the middle of the forum shoppes so it is quite noisy and not a great spot for a quiet date or dinner.
3	Ah, I love the Vegas cheesiness of eating inside while looking like you're eating outside. We hit up Trevi recently as part of a group dinner after a long day at the convention center. Took a table in the patio courtyard area under the faux sky and clouds. Mock statues and structures of Italy surround the dining area. The skyline rotates from daylight to twilight occasionally. Tourists walk by while shopping at the Forum Shops.It's pure Vegas cheeze. As for the food it's standard tourist style Italian fare. Fried Calimari was over-breaded. Linguini with bolognese sauce was just ok. The Grilled Chicken topped with lemon sauce with roasted veggies was pretty good, plus they do give you a hearty serving. Our waitress was terrific, super attentive, and helpful.The saving grace were the delicious desserts. The gelatos and sorbets are outstanding. I had the Tiramisu Gelato and could have eaten a gallon of it! Wow.As far as Italian food goes it was average, and there are many places in Vegas to get better. You go here for the fun cheezy Vegas ambiance after all.
5	Excellent food. All six if us had something different and we all enjoyed.  The pasta bolognese was the best I've ever had. Very noisy outside due to the fountain. Reserve an inside table.
5	The meatballs are the best I have ever tasted, but more importantly the staff are wonderful. They can't do enough for you, its how service should be, the prices are fair for a prime location. I can't recommend enough
4	We truly enjoyed our happy hour experience at Trevi. We sampled each of their happy hour plates including the bruschetta, stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari, eggplant crisps, meatballs, and stuffed mini burgers. I was a fan of their meatballs, but the other "bites" were just okay. For $6 a plate, it was a decent price for each of the little tapa sized dishes. In terms of the alcohol, I just had a Peroni, but their specialty for Happy Hour was a Bellini for $3. My friend let me sample a taste of her Bellini. I instantly became jealous as it was really tasty.
1	The hostess (blonde girl) was very rude so we left and went to spago next door. I posted a pic of our bill to prove it.
4	I love this place!!!!  This food, the atmosphere, the service, everything here is amazing!The Fettuccine Pollo Carbonara is a deliciously creamy dish and the chicken is nicely grilled and very juicy.  I like the Spaghetti and Meatballs too.  It's flavorful and the meatballs were very tasty too (although slightly salty for my taste).  They give pretty big portions.They have TVs in here so you can watch sports while eating.  The outdoor seating is absolutely beautiful.  It's surrounded by Roman marble statues and a huge fountain, all under the Caesar's Palace faux sunset sky.I'm definitely coming back when I'm in Vegas again.
5	Hands down 5 Stars. Great service and absolutely loved the chicken meatball soup I ordered.We had sore feet from walking for a long period of time and decided to get some food. We all ordered soup and it was so delicious that I probably would've licked my bowl clean if no one was looking.Our server was sooooo chipper and attentive. She did everything with a bright smile and even helped us take a family picture! I didn't catch her name, but she's probably about 5'7" and had dark brown hair and black rimmed glasses. Whoever you are, you made our dining experience awesome! Thank you!
5	Perhaps exceeding my expectations the most has to be Las Vegas' own, Trevi, in the Caesar's mall.  For some reason, Yelp's description of Trevi sounds more like an ice cream parlor; this is a SOLID ITALIAN RESTAURANT!  GO THERE NOW!!!!!!!Not affiliated with any chain, I'm thinking this restaurant has been in the mall since the beginning.  And the only time I've ever eaten here was years ago, a forgettable pizza...cut to the moment.A free night in Vegas, my friend said she wanted to eat, "...a steak from an Italian restaurant", a good idea I thought.Now, I could have taken 2 weeks to find the perfect spot.  But instead, I booked a room close by and we walked to Trevi.It was delicious! My steak was great and at $34.95, not overpriced for the on-the-Strip prices.  The risotto was good, not great.   Eddie, our waiter was friendly and not overbearing.My friend did NOT get her steak from an Italian restaurant; she got seafood pasta, NO CHEESE!  God, it was better than my steak.Seriously, if I lived near this place, I would have returned 3 times already, it's that good.
4	Great place to have either a nice dinner with friends/family or small bites as you rest from shopping in the forum shops! I have enjoyed this restaurant twice, once solo while I was waiting for a meet up, and the second time this weekend with my husband. The food has been great both times (pizza and wine the first time, and this weekend we made up a lite dinner of appetizers and wine). The staff is attentive and the view of the fountain and plaza is fun and entertaining. Only reason it isn't a 5 star rating is only due to the noise level of the outdoor dining (unavoidable) and the host had an opportunity to give us better seats near the fountain and chose not to. Otherwise- great food and service and excellent choice for dining in Caesars Palace!
4	Love Trevi.  Great atmosphere,  food  and drinks.  We had a flat bread piazza.  It was very good.    Crust was great (well cooked, flavorful and chewy).  The sauce and cheese were great as well.    I even had a Bellini...or two ;)  I really enjoy sitting out in the "courtyard" area.....listening to the sounds and watching the people.  Always loved it here.  It's one of my top 3 places to sit, relax, eat and drink in Vegas.
3	We went here b/c I was craving Italian and didn't want to spend a lot for it. Well, it didn't satisfy my craving. The service was great but the food was "eh". My boyfriends ravioli was cold, and my pasta was not seasoned properly. There are other Italian restaurant choice that should be considered over this one.
5	Have never been disappointed at Trevi!  The lasagna and Caesar salad are great, as are the drinks!  Jennifer has always been a great server, and we always ask for her when dining here.  Looking forward to coming back again!
4	Trevi has been a "before the airport dinner" tradition for my best friend and I for 5 times now. We love it every time! Only negative thing I would say is that the outdoor seating is not fun. Way too loud and .... just sit inside the dining room. The Mhargarita pizza is pretty amazing and the chicken pamodoro too! :) about to try the dessert!
5	Came here in Vegas about a week ago. We had the specialty pizza for $10 and one of the pasta specials. The pasta had creamy pesto sauce, and was as good as it gets! I am not usually the fan of pesto, usually opting for a red sauce...but I was pleasantly surprised at how good this was! The pizza was sausage slices, and also delicious. The service was really good too, the waiter was nice but I wish he was a little speedier. All in all this was the best meal I had in Vegas in my week stay, in a great location in the Forum Shops.
5	Excellent in every way. Will be returning.
5	Let me start by stating their Bruschetta is to die for!!! Really enjoyed the experience and quality service from the staff.  We had Mac and cheese balls for appetizers and a wonderfully filling and flavorful chop salad that was dressed with Cesar dressing.Great food and service   Thank you!
5	What a totally awesome experience I had at Trevi...food was excellent, staff was top notch and atmosphere was great.  Thank you for a great experience with my NCA friends!
4	Service was wonderful, drinks were perfect, the shots were cold. Our server did not rush us, his timing was a close to ideal as a small group would hope for. The restaurant itself was nice, a little pricey (but that's expected in Vegas). Most of the ambiance comes from the fountain and elements surrounding the outside of the venue. My suggestion is to sit on the outside whenever possible to get the full experience. The only reason it's not a 5 is that the dinner was great, but somewhat forgettable. And of course, that's just a matter of opinion. But it's a safe selection if you want to dine out in Vegas and have a really nice meal that's worth the prices.
3	I really wanted to love Trevi but now, I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth.I reserved our seat via OpenTable.  It turned out that a reservation was unnecessary as the restaurant was basically empty when we arrived (albeit early). We were promptly seated by the fountain.I should say that service is fantastic! The waiter provided a bucket of some kind of 'bread' which none of us liked but I was too hungry to argue. I'm a firm believer that you can judge a restaurant on it's bread. And Trevi was failing early on.My wife ordered the salmon, my daughter ordered spaghetti (sauce on the side) and I Veal parm.I'll start with the great - My Veal was exceptional - nearly every time I've had Veal Parm at a restaurant it has been underwhelming at best and like cardboard at worst.  Trevi's was simply amazing.  They should make this a signature dish. Kudos to the Chef.Our daughter loved her spaghetti - however it came out wrong at first and had to be remade.My wife's salmon was 'average'. It was cooked properly but lacked any flavor. And it was on a bed of black crunchy something. She fished all the salmon pieces she could off the plate and left everything else.Dessert menu was passed around and surprisingly our daughter passed on it. If a seven year old passes on sugar, something is wrong with the options. So we asked for the check and left.What I discovered later is what left 'the bad taste in my mouth'. I received an email via OpenTable roughly 20minutes after we had been seated at Trevi stating that our reservation had been cancelled by the restaurant. I didn't notice it till I got back to the hotel later the same evening. I'll leave it up to you to decide why that might have happened.
4	Given that this is right in the center of the Forum Shops next to the replica Trevi Fountain, I didn't have high expectations for the food quality, but was pleasantly surprised. There was no wait for dinner, and we were seated on the outside "patio." We split the Margherita Pizza and Chicken Francese. I thought the Margherita was okay, but the Chicken Francese was excellent. We finished with the Chocolate "Gooey" Cake, which was okay as well. Overall, this isn't a bad choice if you're nearby and hungry.
5	Don't know about their food, but their GELATO is worth the trip!  Generous proportion too.  KEEP CALM and KEEP licking!
4	Great food and atmosphere! My sister and I started with fresh mozzarella and tomato salad and then had a Parmesan pasta dish with chicken and English peas, and topped it off with the gooey chocolate cake. Definitely had to hit up the gym after that meal but what a great dining experience.
5	if you don't mind spending $200 on a meal, it's like an orgasm in your mouth.
4	Great Place!
4	We requested a table by the fountain so being greeted took a little bit longer than normal which is probably because we requested the section with the large party. It was our request though. ;)Our server was great and pretty quick considering. Eggplant Parmesan was fantastic!!  Loved the atmosphere.
3	I've been here about twice now.. and both times have been good.  It's a cute restaurant found inside Caesars Palace.. and its right by a giant fountain.  My boyfriend likes to go here whenever he wins big at the casinos.. so we made our way here on Saturday night.  It was about 8pm, and there was a 20 minute wait.  Not bad at all.We started off with Calamari Fritti as our appetizer and for our main course, my boyfriend ordered his usual; Chicken Marsala and I ordered the Penne Diavalo. They brought out some fresh warm bread for us after we got our calamari... I was wondering why they brought out our appetizer first but oh well.  The bread was good, but I was trying not to eat too much before my pasta came out.The Calamari was delicious.  Pretty decent size to share between two people.  Loved the dipping sauce and how crispy/flaky the calamari was on the outside but chewy and soft on the inside.  Yum.Boyfriend really enjoyed his Chicken Marsala as usual.  He did make a comment about how the presentation looked different this time and how the previous time he ordered, the dish did not come with pasta but it did this time.  So props for that; adding more food to the dish (;I enjoyed my Penne Diavalo.. but I was slightly disappointed that it had no hint of spice at all.. even though the description said "spicy" and even my waitress asked if I was okay with spice... how deceiving.  Overall, it was a decent dish.. I think they added a little bit too much sundried tomatos.. and it would've been nice if the chicken came cut up in chunks or something.. rather than huge slabs here and there, mixed into my pasta.  I'll probably order something else next time since this dish didn't exactly "wow" me. Prices are a little steep for pasta... we ordered the vodka ravioli and it was almost $20 alone.. but it's Vegas; what do you expect?  Service is good, my waitress constantly brought out refills for us without having to ask for props for that.  Overall, it's a nice place to dine with your significant other in Vegas... but I'm pretty sure there are better places out there.. so I guess I'd only recommend this place if you're heavily craving Italian food or around the area?
3	Fast seating since they just opened 20 minutes prior to us coming. Ordered calamari and linguine ai frutti di mare. Both dishes took a while to cook, considering we were only the 4th party there. For a few moments there, I thought they were still out at sea catching the squid and scallops for our dishes.The linguine was average. The flavor lacked in the sauce. Not worth the price. Calamari was okay. The dipping sauce that comes with it is tasty; not some mediocre marinara sauce I was so used to getting at most restaurants.
4	We got seated within 15 minutes during prime dinner time (with no reservations). This was amazing because my husband & I were hungry and tired.The service was excellent. Our drinks were refilled before we even knew we needed them refilled. We're lactose intolerant (why are we even bothering to eat Italian?) and our server never made us feel awkward about it. He made excellent recommendations based on our dietary concerns.The food was good - I had the rigatoni bolognese which good. Flavourful sauce, hearty. My husband had capellini al pomodoro which was refreshing and light. Both of us really enjoyed our bruschetta to start with as well.
4	Great service. Crabmeat, spinach, artichoke dip appetizer was fabulous. Shrimp Amatraciana was good...a bit of spice and good flavor in the sauce.
5	Could this location be any better!?  Not to sound silly, but many Facebook "likes" were granted after posting a picture of the exterior of Trevi.  Situated in the middle of Caesar's Palace shops, the lighting and ambiance can't be beat!  Best of both worlds, for sure!  Aside from the establishment itself, the food was just as amazing!  But be aware, big portions ahead!!
4	Went here on sat night and I thought this place was pretty cool! We had a party of 7 and were seated within a half hour on a sat night! We sat at the bar and had drinks in the mean time. For appetizers we had the fried mozzarella (which looked great but did not try) and the crab spinach artichoke dip, which was delicious! The bread basket was just ok due to the olive oil being very light and tasteless. We ordered Caesar salads and two pizzas for dinner, both being good but a little too much garlic for my tastebuds, esp the salad (and I love garlic). Right in the middle of the shopping strip so it was great for ppl watching! Beautiful fountain views while you are dining!!
5	While staying at Cesar's Palace my husband and I did some exploring through the Forum shops (fancy name for a mall) Due to his inordinate love of Italian food, eating at Trevi was inevitable so here's my review!Service: Sunday night, had about a 10 minute wait for a beautiful table on the "patio" (will explain this in a bit) but we NEVER mind waiting at a nice bar. Everyone working this fine restaurant we encountered from the host, server and bar tender were superbly professional.Drinks: My husband throughly enjoyed a ruby port and I had a fabulous gin drink. More than adequate wine selection which we each had a nice glass with dinner. Beautiful wine glasses topped off our experience only making it sweeter.Atmosphere: Super chic, modern Italian sort of place without being stuffy. You feel fine here dressed up or in shorts but most folks around Cesar's dress it up a bit at night FYI. There is nothing overbearing or formal about Trevi so no worries.Food: Cannot say just how much I enjoyed my marsala. Can NEVER get enough marsala and my husband a spicy penne dish - can't recall the name right off hand. What really makes these sort of dishes are the sauces and these were incredible, tasty, not too salty balace of savory with spice and Italian flare. Meals are served with warm fresh bread and a rosemary infused olive oil at the table so you don't have to wait for more to dredge your bread through."Patio" Now this is the crown jewel. Browse the pictures and you'll see the lion share of the seating is "outdoors" which is really indoors but with the water fountain, the painted ceilings and the highly decieving lighting you will be completely fooled into thinking you are outside without the wind, the heavy Las Vegas side walk traffic loaded with stumbling drunks, etc. The atmosphere out there is just so peaceful and pleasant. I don't have adequate words.Overall HIGHLY recommend Trevi and I hope to be back next year!
5	I always enjoy myself at this restaurant. The location is amazing, highly recommend getting a spot out on the "patio" next to the fountain. The staff is always super nice and the service is always great. Average price restaurant for the strip. Food is always on point, have yet to have a bad meal
3	Wednesday nite 4 Trevi Time (HH). the hostess was very nice and helpful. the bar area was clean but a little dark. bartender/server was nice but not overly friendly as she was very busy. the bar area was about half full. decent enough food, calamari was good,eggplant crisps were just ok. IMO meatballs (2) were very good. selected apps only $6. i loved the Bellini ($4) and beer too, location nice in the forum area. all in all would visit again if at CAESARS.
4	Trevi is a eatery located Caesar's Palace, it has a small replica of the same name fountain in Rome.The Forum Shops is the first shopping mall in Vegas, many imitated, none duplicated! Trevi is located in the middle of the mall.We stopped by for a quick bite between activities, the staff was courteous and quick. The minestrone soup was good and lightly seasoned, I hate when it's the other way. My daughter had the Italian chopped salad, it was good.Prices were reasonable unlike most Vegas places, a good value
4	It's a restaurant I've passed by several times from previous Vegas visits and finally ended up trying it last time I was there because I was in the mood for some Italian. The server was super nice. She had a smile the entire time. We didn't have any drinks because we partied wayyy too hard the night before. Moving on to the food - the calamari was really good, a must try. The chicken carbonara was okay and to be honest, I make it better at home. My friend ordered the penne diavolo, and after trying a bite I was totally hooked. It's a little on the spicy side and it's pretty amazing. I'll go try their other dishes next time I visit.
1	Food was tasteless and service was slow. We got the calamari and the Caesar salad. Definitely one of the worst salads- Outback is better. Best thing was the free bread and the view. Spend your money elsewhere
5	So we actually decided to try this place because the buffet we wanted to go to had nearly a 2 hour wait.  The menu caught our attention as well as the no wait in line.What we ordered:Complimentary bread - I loved it with the oils.  Wish the bread was toasted though.Eggplant crisps: had a lot of flavor for just eggplant.  We all loved this dish.Mozzarella Fritta:this was alright, nothing great really.Traditional Caesar Salad: It was very flavorful and delightful.Fettuccine Al Pesto Con Gamberi: so delicous, I'd get this dish again.Shrimp Americinan: Everyone loved this plate.  It was a hit.Penne Diavolo: Also very good.All these dishes fed 6 ladies and we were all stuffed to the max.  We shared family style.  Some of the girls had a mojito, which was too sweet to some of their taste buds.We were all happy with our decision to have come here to eat lunch.  Food and customer service was great.
5	With so many restaurants to choose from, I hate to say that we keep coming back here but we do.   A lot of it has to do with the atmosphere, which is just spectacular.    You feel like you are eating outside, in Rome, with the Trevi Fountain in the background.The servers have always been efficient and helpful.    Wine choices are nice, and we always fall for the pasta.   I had the pasta carbonara for the first time here and loved it.   It had loads of flavor and better than I have had most anywhere.   My husband had the pasta bolognese, and found the sauce to be a bit too tart, which we haven't ever noticed in the past.  The bread with the olive oils are very good.   I had started with a Caesar salad which was fine, and my husband had soup with turkey meatballs, sort of a wedding soup, but not, and he loved it.Going back to Vegas in March, so likely we will end up here again.   Can't wait!
5	Best place for Happy Hour-3$ Bellinis, made to perfection by awesome bartender Amy L.Sit at the bar and order the Pizzette app: light snack to fuel your gambling :-).  It is the size of a small pizza and perfectly made. Try the Pomegranate Cosmo.  It is delicious.
4	The food was very good and so was the service. When I did not like the taste of my salad they took it off the bill. I would recommend this place in the forum shops.
5	Any excuse to go to Trevi is a good reason to go.  L-O-V-E this place.  I usually get a white pizza to start and a linguini vongole to enjoy.  Great ambiance, wine, and service.  By far the best Italian restaurant in Vegas!
2	Service is not so great. Took long to make my order no waitress in sight for 15 mjn. Eggplant crisps are good. Margarita pizza came without basil tho :( Once fixed was good. My Italian soda never received.
2	Located inside The Forum Shops which is why we tried it out.SUSAN our waitress was very attentive deserves 5*s and a pay raise.2*s is for the overall review. 1* for the ambiance / location and 1* for our waitress. FOOD gets ZERO stars!Our table ordered ...CALAMARI FRITTI - worst we have ever tried (batter was so thick you couldn't taste the calamari)LINGUINE AI FRUTTI DI MARE - Everything was ok EXCEPT the shrimp (shrimp tasted like the precooked, flash frozen shrimp and reheated...gross)RIGATONI SALSICCIA - Rigatoni with italian sausage, UNDERCOOKED pasta... was hard... could of even had better from premade pastas from Olive Garden.LASAGNA PIZZA - So so, filling but regular pizza looks way better (table next to us had a pepperoni and confirmed it was excellent)Last was another pasta dish that my cousin ordered and she mentioned was only ok.Will NOT return, so many better choices available in Vegas.
4	I came here with a friend on my past trip to vegas. (Wish I could go back already) We were walking around the Forum Shops at Caesar's and came across this place. We were distracted by the delicious looking pizza everyone was eating. After looking at their menu, we decided to give it a try. We sat at the bar since it was just us two. We got there during happy hour and totally didn't realize how late it was.. It was about 4/5pm but it only felt like it was 1 or 2pm.. (Time difference was so hard to get used to at first) Not to mention that they weren't even crowded. It is usually crowded at places during happy hour back at home but I'm glad we didn't have to deal with crowds. At the bar we ordered some drinks to try.. When in Rome right? Or in this case, Vegas. I got their Frozen Bellini which was like a slurpee.. it was awesome! If you know me, I don't like drinks that have a strong taste of alcohol and I like prissy drinks lol. Not to mention I don't really drink. But when you're on vacation.....We ordered the butt load of food for two people.. Tomato Bruschetta, Stuffed Mushrooms, Fried Calamari (a must for my friend every time we go out) and a pizza. It was all so yummy. Service was great and I thought that the price was reasonable for happy hour. But then again when you're on vacation you don't really look at the price =/ Here's the link to their happy hour menu: http://www.trevi-italian.com/pdf/menus/TRVI_happ.pdf
4	The wait to get in was very short and the atmosphere was prefect inside. I ordered the lamb and I have to say it was prefect. It was so flavorful and tender! The food is amazing and the dessert is great.
5	We booked Trevi to host our dinner for after our wedding.  Everything was amazing.  The food was incredible and service was top notch.  We had a few courses and everything that we ate was simply amazing.  the drinks were very good.  I will be going back next time I visit Vegas.
4	Love the food and the ambiance here.
