4	This isn't a place that you go a whole lot - but BOY are they helpful when you need them!I brought in my cordless phone that has some special battery internally that was slowly dying to the point that I could only talk on the phone for about 10 minutes per charge.  Not so fun.  I brought the phone here and the guy was super helpful to find the right battery that would work.  While I was there I saw folks getting batteries for SO many amazing and unique things. So if you're looking for something a little more complex than a Duracell AA, you should give them a call.  And even if that's all you think you want - if you're in the area you might want to go by because based on what kind of product you're using it for, I heard them suggest different brands/types of AA battery.  Not something I normally want to think about - but handy to know.
4	As mentioned, this is not a place you want to have to come to every week but if you need ANYTHING relating to a battery....They can do it. Cars, boats, RC cars, household, cell phones, home phones, etc etc etc. or should I say PLUS PLUS PLUS. The guys who work here are very good at what they do. You can trust what they say. (unlike radio shack)I even asked for a good place to eat...such a Yelper.
5	i have a TV that has a remote. this TV will only function in conjunction with this remote. this TV is useful to me if my little girl can watch her animated classics on this TV. however, this TV was not on the right 'input' channel or something to play DVD or Videos. and, this TV's little remote friend was broken and would not, could not, change the channels or the inputs on this TV. according to the internets there are no universal remotes that will operate this TV and this remote is not at all replaceable without buying a whole other tv to go with it.i took the remote to batteries plus and they werent able to fix it... so they tried harder. the lady like, welded some batteries in there and tinkered with it until it worked and it did, and it still works and for this amazing service they charged me nothing.just good service and a good experience all around.
1	Went in to get my Optima battery checked on my (new to me) auto.  Tech told me the battery was bad.  Tech no longer recommends Optima but that the house brand is better.  I passed and went over to Auto Zone across the street.  Auto Zone tech told me that the battery was good, was less than 2 years old and only needed a recharge.  In conclusion...Batteries Plus will rip off your grandma.  Beware of the bait and switch.
4	These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat, Drink. and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	The alarm battery on my house was going bad and I looked up several online which offered about the same price but where going to charge me $10 for shipping.They had the battery in stock so it was much more convenient.
5	This place has saved me many times. I do work on technical equipment and sometimes the batteries I find are obsolete, rare, and damn near irreplaceable. These guys know their stuff and can make just about any battery pack. Plus they offer open accounts which is huge for my company. Thank you Batteries Plus....Job well done.
5	I needed a battery replacement for my HTC Incredible phone since it wasn't charging properly. I originally went to the Verizon store at Desert Ridge, but they didn't have the battery in stock. One of the sales associate recommended that I go check out Batteries Plus.I actually had her call Batteries Plus first to make sure they had the battery that I needed before driving over.I went into the store and was amazed with the assorted types of batteries that had for sale, from small tiny batteries for hearing aids to big ol' ones for you car and everything in between.I mentioned I needed a battery for my particular phone and the associate, I think his name was Josh was able to give me a proper replacement battery very quickly. He had me install it in my phone to make sure it worked and booted up. While I waitend, he also tested my original battery for free and told me that it has 'low capacity' and that is why it needed constant charging. He also mentioned that some new phones these days only have about a year or two life expectancy because the phones drain the batteries so much.The battery cost me $39.99 which would have been the same price as I had purchased one at Verizon.  I would recommend this place if you are in search of a battery for your various needs.
3	Great neighborhood location to recycle batteries.
5	Nice employees, fast service and I left happy. They found what I needed in a matter of seconds!
5	Guys are nice friendly and helpful. Charged my battery, called me back as promised on time and  with no extra charge.
5	Great service every time. Always seem to have what we need. Today I took in 5 watches. Normally I go to another place for watch batteries that might be a little cheaper, but lately I was having trouble getting there before closing time. This place is open til 8pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturdays!  Even 10-5pm on Sundays!!  This is great news.
1	Called this store Sunday after my car would not start.  I talked to a salesperson named Josh.  I told him I was having car trouble and wanted to buy a battery for my car as well as have them install it.  He would not sell me a battery or promise that they could do any install on Sunday as there were only 2 people working that day. With service departments closed I stressed that I really needed their help and could not afford to be stranded.  Josh refused to help me and insisted that I take it to a dealership for service as my battery was probably under warranty. I stressed because it was a Sunday I did not care about a warranty.   I just wanted to buy and have a new battery installed.  This salesperson refused to help me.  Having owned my own business for many years I thought the owner of this location would like to know that they lost a sale due to the  lack of initiative and willingness to help by this staff member.
2	They do have just about any kind or type of battery. My issue is with the website. After looking up the battery you need, then you select the store nearest you and check stock. Then you arrive there to purchase the battery and they tell you they DO NOT HONOR THE INTERNET PRICES. When the internet site directs you to a store they should honor the price.
5	Went here on Sunday to get batteries for our car remote and garage door opener. Took about 2 minutes total. The sales associate was super friendly and efficient. Will be coming back here in the future as needed.
