5	Professional service at the right price. Very happy with Pool Masters.
5	Pool Masters are great! They repaired my pool and give me the best weekly cleaning service. cheap and easy!
1	pool master is a rip off try to charge you $300 for a $12 part want money up front and never come again dont used this company.
1	Don't even waste your time with this incompetent company. One person told me payment went due until after thirty days. Second person says its due upfront. They recommend services that are not necessary which are also very expensive. If you want to just throw your money away on unnecessary things then this is your company. If not keep scrolling. I wish I could give negative stars. Yelp please fix this.
1	WARNING!!!!!!!!!! Do not use this company. They are actually posing as the real Pool Masters, who I thought I was calling. This company has been investigated by the police, which I found out later. After a week of service, my pool became greener than my grass and on service day the hacks showed up and threw a bunch of chlorine tabs in my pool and left. They didn't vaccum, scrub, clean the filter or do anything else. This  review is for the Pool Masters on Lake Mead. They are the fake ones. Since I have aquired the real Pool Masters I have to say they are the best pool company I have ever used. I hope this review finds someone before they are tricked like I was.
5	Looked at the previous reviews and was a little skeptical.  Turns out they were dead wrong, Karl, the owner could not have been more helpful.  He diagnosed the problem with the valve, turned out to be nothing more then him removing and resealing it for us.  Went over the entire pool system with us and told us exactly what to do, where to buy and answered all the questions.  The total charge for the knowledge and bit of work he did on the valve didn't dent our pocket at all and was well worth it.  Also, I have checked into other monthly pool services, Pool Masters was $5 higher and hands down I would use them without negotiating a price to get them to match the other.  Recommended!!!
1	Unfortunately I tried Pool Masters for 2 months because they came over the same day when I called them from a craigslist ad (this should have been my first clue.)  I have a brand new pool so it shouldn't be that difficult to keep care of.  After all, all the equipment is new, the water is new and the whole pool is new.  But for some reason, the guy they kept sending out found a way to mess up the programming on my new equipment to where it would drain the hot tub every night and run the prime out of the pump every day.  After calling for about a week, one of the owners finally decided to come by himself and fix that issue.  Then, they kept saying they would clean my filter but in two months they never followed through to do what they promised.  Lastly, they never returned the key to my gate (promised to mail it to me - ha!), so now I am searching for a new pool company that wants to do business with integrity and someone who actually knows how to clean a filter.  I would strongly recommend you search elsewhere for a pool service in Las Vegas.  There are plenty of other companies out there.  Hope this helps you make a better consumer decision.
