1	I had a friend in town and we were looking for a nearby pizza place for carryout. I hadn't ever been to Hungry Howies, so decided to give this place a try... and after the one time, I think I'm done. The service was poor- a few high school aged kids that required me to repeat myself several times to get the order straight, and took 5 minutes to run a credit card through the register. The pizza itself was terrible as well. We opted for the original crust (they have flavors like parmasean cheese and garlic). It was a pan-style crust, but was hard as a rock... it might have required a trip to the dentist for a chipped tooth if I had tried any harder to bite into it.If you're looking for carry-out, try Rosatis
3	We ordered from here the first day in our new home, also the first NFL Sunday this season. I was expecting about an hour wait. They quoted me 45 minutes for delivery, and when the doorbell rang after 20 I thought it was solicitors or perhaps neighbors coming to welcome us into the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised that it was our food. We ordered a mushroom pizza (meh), and wings and chicken tenders - both very tasty. We're used to more thin crust pizzas, NY style I guess? so this was a bit doughy, but the garlic herb crust was yummy nonetheless. Not sure if we'll order from here again, unless we don't find our NY style place, but it was still good.
4	We walked in and ordered for take-out.  The wait was only about 15 minutes, so not bad at all.  Everything is served in to-go containers, so even though there are a few tables in the restaurant, you're better off taking the food and eating it in the comfort of your own home.  Interestingly, they only sell sodas in 2-liter bottles.  If you want something smaller, they have a soda machine that sells 20 oz bottles, but make sure you have change because you don't pay for these with the rest of your order at the cash register.We got the meat eaters pizza with garlic herb flavored crust - YUM!  The flavored crust was definitely my favorite part, though that's not to say that the rest wasn't good as well.  My only complaint is that the crust was pretty flimsy.  I couldn't hold the slice up and bite it; I had to fold it up so that the toppings wouldn't fall off.  A firmer crust, and this pizza would be one of my favorites.
1	I had not eaten in about 12 hours since we were at the hospital having a baby... and this pizza STILL tasted horrible.Barely average fast food quality and taste. Avoid!
3	OK, I have to downgrade by at least one star.  My husband ordered pizza last night and forgot to order it with the seasoned crust.  Big mistake!  The seasoned crust is what MAKES the pizza here.  Without it, it's just a completely flavorless pizza - even with the 3 meat toppings that we had (ham, sausage and pepperoni.)  If I were to rate this restaurant based on this unseasoned pizza alone, I would give it 1 star.  However, because I have had the seasoned crust variety on a couple of occasions, and enjoyed it, I'll stick with an overall rating of 3 stars.
4	Really decent pizza for the price and the flavored garlic and herb crust was just as tasty as it was a year ago. We walked in to order and as they handed us our pizza they dropped it. For our inconvenience while they remade our pizza they gave us the two they dropped plus a 2 liter free. Great customer service and the manager apologized to us again as we left. For a pizza joint: great service and tasty food.
1	Ordered pizza today as we had a coupon.  Had 3 different kinds-never again.  Not good pizza.
1	Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks.Ordered online and got a message back that pizza would be ready i. 15 minutes. This was at 6:15.Was running late and got there at 6:40.Thats when i first encountered Moron Girl (MG).ME:  i'm here to pick up a to go order.MG: Uhhhhhhh, what's your name?ME:  annikaMG: Uhhhhhhh, do you have another name?ME: Hmmmmmm, noMG: Uhhhhhhh, are you sure? Uhhhhhhhhh, here it is. I couldnt find it cause you ordered online.(big red flag that i failed to see)30 minutes after i ordered the pizza:ME: is my pizza almost ready?MG:  Uhhhhhhhhhh, it's in the oven.Tick tock. Tick tock.45 minutes after i ordered the pizza:ME: do you know how much longer it will be?MG: Uhhhhhhhhh, it's coming out now.Nearlyone hour after i ordered:ME:  did you start making this pizza after i had been sitting here for 30 minutes?MG: (and try to visualize this blooming eejit with the blankest, stupidest expression on her face): Uhhhhhhhhh, well YOU ORDERED ONLINE.  I didn't have anything to do with it.Really? REALLY?????????Pizza was nothing special either.
2	I have mixed reviews of this place. It's obviously run by kids off for the summer and or a part time job because every time I call I get a prompt answer and half way through my order the person says "hold on" a bunch of laughing, then I have to repeat my order. The slotted time for delivery is ALWAYS 45min - 1hr. Today, it arrived within 20 min and the pizza was not cooked thoroughly. The top was fine, the rest was spongy and like wet!   Just know what to expect when calling and don't do anything while waiting because it could show up 20-40 min early.
1	I called to order a calzone or calzone style sub and encountered one of the worst customer service experiences of my life.  Though I am sure Kaylin knew what I was trying to order (a pizza calzone special, I was looking at an older menu) she repeatedly acted confused and was rude and indignant.  I have been a longtime customer of this location and that is in serious jeopardy after this experience.  I was put on hold repeatedly, the total call was 7 1/2 minutes and I never ordered due to this treatment.  After the first hold I asked if I could talk to a manager as I thought the employee was new and was not understanding my order.  She informed me she was the only one there, no manager.  After the second or third hold (all the while I was trying to explain I wanted the calzone with pepperoni, ham, peppers, onions, sauce and cheese) I asked her about the manager again, she again responded there was no manager.  I had to ask if there was EVER a manager in the store and what his name was.  She finally told me it was Jose.The message above is what I sent to Hungry Howies corporate headquarters and I requested that they contact me regarding the issue (it's an option on their complaint form).  That was four weeks ago and I haven't heard from them at all.  Clearly the company does not care about customer service.
1	They have the worst pizza and wings I have ever had in my life. I had asked for mild sauce for the wings and they arrived without any sauce. The wings were soaked in grease and tasted horrible. The pizza dough was very doughy and flavorless. I would not recommend anybody order food from this location.
5	I love this pizza!! I get the garlic herb crust and it is amazing,  their philly cheese steak pizza is also really good!  I love this place and will only buy pizza from here when I am getting it delivered!
4	We had never tried a Hungry Howies until moving to the area recently.  We like deep dish pizza.. We are now fans of this place!! Its not a gourmet sit down pizza place but its pretty darn good for fast food pizza and they deliver. We like the pan pizza with butter cheese crust flavor or the garlic flavor! The cheese bread is good also! Staff was good to us! They messed up our delivery order one time and I called and they took care of our next order! Thats service I like and appreciate! We will return!!
1	This place is a joke right? I order online and it says I have about a 30 minute wait,  that seems fine to me. Well 45 minutes later I finally call them and the girl says "Um yeah, we only have um 1 driver and he is um like busy, so um when he gets back he will um bring you your pizza." Are you serious?  So now I have a pizza that is just sitting at the store waiting and waiting.Guess how long 30 minutes turned into?? 1 hour and 12 minutes. It didn't help his time when I have to sit on the phone and give him 4 minutes of instructions on how to get to our location, which is not hard to findThe girl on the phone managed to say that she would give me a credit on my next order, I should probably order now so I get it next week!Paid extra for extra topping and got maybe 14 mushrooms on an entire pizza, that leaves several pieces without mushrooms at all, this whole experience has been a joke.
5	New to the area, found Hungry Howies and have them a try. Easy app ordering with coupons! We got the BBQ chicken with Asiago crust, amaze balls!! Fast and courteous delivery service. A+!
2	The boneless wings were good but bad value. $5 for 5 wings. I can get some spicy nuggets at Wendy's for a $1 and they would be almost better than what I had at hungry howies. They should rethink their pricing.
4	First time eating at Hungry Howies and will certainly go back. Service was friendly, pizza fresh and hot and we enjoyed trying the flavored crusts - Ranch and Asiago.
4	Never had pizza from there before.  Ordered online (web), stated 20 min wait time before pickup and when I got there it was ready.  Pizza was very good.  Will order from them again for pickup.
5	This is our go-to pizza/movie night.  They beat ANY carry-out and delivery pizza chain in price and taste.Their pizza is really good, and I love their flavored crusts. We always order online, as they seem to have the best deals.  Online takes an extra few minutes than going in person, but with technology today, I just time it.I will agree, their boneless wings aren't the best, but I don't come here for wings. I come here for pizza.  The bone-in wings are pretty decent.  Sandwiches are good too!
5	I've eaten at several Hungry Howie's Pizzas around the valley, and this location honestly feels like a completely different company since their quality and taste is MUCH better than any others. Big fan here.  Thanks for actually understanding what "Extra Cheese" means.  =)
