5	Always a great workout when I go to HKPK. Trampoline wall is my favorite, and it has gotten so popular that they've added in a third trampoline! Open gym sessions have similar pricing to other gyms around the valley, but last much longer (6 hours vs. 2-4 hours at other gyms). They're always adding new obstacles and changing their facility layout, so there's something new to try on every visit =D
5	This place is great! Lots of options to choose from: beginner-advanced parkour classes, drop-in or monthly, open gym, parties, obstacles, tumbling track...you name it they got it! I signed up my son for a beginner course with a groupon I got and the other boys just wanted to jump in so bad that I let them participate in open gym while we waited. They have an intro open gym pass for $10 for new customer as well as punch cards if you just can't get enoughOpen gym is very generous 6 hours for $15 ($12 for military) and $25 for 12 hours on Saturdays. Not sure how this compares to Fippin' Out but it's definitely more than just trampolines and no baby bouncy castles here!!The open gym is geared towards the tween and up ages but there is a small area for six and younger to play in (foam pit included) while waiting for big brother/sister. Definitely will be a regular at this place!!
5	This is The Funniest Place on Earth! I love this Place. The Trainers are Nice and Don't Get mad when you Do Something on Accident, like for instance, I landed on a Trainer on a foam mat, and he Broke His ankle. He didn't say anything but Sorry! Everyone was nice, and I could Tell that the Employees were Cool, and Close! They Have a cool Decorative Theme. They also Have Cool Trampolines that You Jump off Platforms, and land back up on the Wall! Also a cool foam pit that has a Diving Board, and A long Trampoline that is used for Acrobatics! Love This Place, and Is a MUST GO!! Also, The Blonde Lady at the Front Desk, is So Nice, and Caring, Everything there is Awesome!!!
5	I love this place, always leave with something new. Hope they open another closer to my area though
