1	STAY AWAY, the owners are so rude, they blatantly say they are not doing well and then try to pretend they have the best hairdressers in Pittsburgh. they make you feel so unwelcome, advertise they offer a bunch of services and then when you ask they snap at you that they only do hair.  it was so awkward and weird .  i received warnings not to get my hair done there so i was going to get a pedicure because i had a gift certificate.  she told me her employees will only take cash if they have to touch a client's feet.  I may go there just to get bangs trimmed since i do not want to completely waste the certificate, but this place gives me the creeps, sounds dirty, and has beyond bad customer service.  They definitely do NOT know how to run a business and it is obvious why they are not doing well. Sue and Kristi pass the phone back and forth because noone wants to take a call.  she reiterates that the business is doing bad and they need more clients.  i have never experienced a ruder salon, or should i say dead beat shack.
1	I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients!  I was all ready to be a new client.  I had a 12:30 appointment with them, and when I arrived at 12:30 on the dot, the place was locked and dark and no one was there!  I waited for five minutes (in the rain), and they still didn't show.  I called and left a voicemail saying that I was still willing to wait, and I understood if there was some confusion, but could they call my cell (I gave them the number, as I had previously given my home number when I made the appointment).  I waited nearby at a coffee shop, went back after another five minutes, and it was still locked and I hadn't received a call.  And I am definitely not estimating the time, either.  I was willing to wait a bit, and I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that I wasn't jumping the gun on calling and then leaving.  Finally, I went on with my day and when I got home, they had left a voicemail on my HOME PHONE, which I had specifically asked them not to call, saying, "Oh hi.  Sorry you missed me, but I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven't left, but you should just call back to reschedule.'  Seriously?  When I was waiting, another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there, but she was just another client, also trying to get in!  When I told this story at another local business, the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst, and I have never even stepped inside!
1	Now I'm picky about my hair, but Mane Attractions was so bad that I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.I had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layers.  First, the girl at the counter said my hair might be "difficult" due to the length (it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time) and that I would probably have to stand while it was cut.  Weird, but okay.  Second, no one there knew anything about donating to "Locks of Love," and I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed a cut so I went for it anyway.I watched the two stylists while I waited for my turn.  One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it "wasn't looking right."  Ummm, okay.  The other stylist was too busy checking her phone every three seconds to notice she was yanking on her client's hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.At that point, I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said, "I have to leave, so sorry "as I bolted for the door.
5	I have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over 5 years, by Sue, the owner. I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks.   My hair is very fine and I don't have a whole lot of it, but Sue does wonders with it, especially with my latest cut. I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length, but decided recently to make a change. Because I'm getting older, and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were too expensive, or didn't work,  I wanted to try a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker. I have had several compliments on the cut, one from another hairstylist who worked at Regis. Sue is also reasonable, charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day, but that was once in over 5 years. I will take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color I get!
5	Let me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.  type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week. I just know to call and schedule things. it is a small business and I get it.  P.S. kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
