5	People ask do they have Chicago style pizza or New York style pizza? The answer is they have Italian pizza and it is the best you will find any where around these parts. As a matter of fact everything about this place is very Italian. This is a class operation
5	Great service, amazing pizza and save room for the Chocolate Calzone! So happy to have great pizza in North Scottsdale! This former east cast gal has found her new Pizza Joint with a nice ambiance to boot. So glad this close to home spot re-opened with better pizza, better service and super happy hour!
4	Came here on a Sunday night with family and family friends. Maybe it was a Sunday night or a lot of people don't know about this place, but it seems a bit too empty for a cute and chic place! The prices are very reasonable and there's something on the menu for everyone such as pizzas, calzones, fish items, salads, pasta, etc.I had the chicken parm and it was supposed to come with mashed potatoes but they said they weren't satisfied how they came out that day so they gave me Caesar salad instead. I appreciated their honesty. It was delicious, it was piping HOT! I really liked it. Parents had the sausage pizza and they really enjoyed it.Most of our family friends got the salad and got salmon on it, they felt that for the price, they did not get that much salmon/protein on it so it was disappointing for them so hopefully that'll change soon! Otherwise it's all good and I wish them the best! Next time ill try the dessert! :)
5	My husband and I have visited Ciao Grazie 3 times in the past 2 weeks and each time we had a delightful experience. The staff is friendly, offers great recommendations and remember their clientele. Happy Hour is from 3:00-6:00 and all appetizers and several pizzas are half price-which is a great deal for the amount and quality of the food. We tried the bruschetta mixto and have to say that the salmon bruschetta was by far my favorite while my husband raved about the sausage and cheese variation. The pesto bruschetta was a bit overwhelming with the amount of garlic but still good. When I go back I will be ordering the salmon bruschetta so I can enjoy more than 1 piece!The pizza is amazing-5 STARS for both the margarita and pepperoni. Ciao Grazie is a must try!
1	terrible service...food ok but they had 2 server's covering the whole place the night we went and waiting for a pizza took up to an hour...and its not so good that it's worth the wait. too bad because we were hopeful for this neighborhood joint.
5	This place is very nice with exceptional staff and an efficient manager. Great drinks and I had my very first half pizza half calzone which is now my favorite.  Five stars all the way
5	Excellent pizza and an even better staff.
5	Alright, you get the point from all the other reviews that this joint can fire up a kick ass pizza so let me tell you about the best thing on the menu,... The Eggplant Parm! It's as good as you can get unless you head to Little Italy.Glad this place is back on it's feet and hope it can continue to earn the business and great reviews. More importantly, I hope the Scottsdale elite wannabes will continue to take their misbehaving kids to that Romper Room pizza joint in DC Ranch and keep this pace brat free!
5	Excellent thin crust pizza but still has a little chew. Highly recommended!!  Very friendly owner and staff.
4	This is a great little restaurant that I just discovered. I have been there a few times sampling their pizza and appetizers. Really good quality pizza with a thin and delicious crust. Very good and attentive service. And best of all, only a few minutes from home.
4	I liked it.  The pizza crust was the best, I think I will try other toppings next go around.  I got the Toscana with pepperoni, and it was a bit much *for my taste*.  Caesar was good.  The kids pizza was huge for my son.
5	I have now been to Ciao Grazie about dozen times and sampled all of their pizzas and some of their appetizers and desserts. What a gem this place is! I have eaten a lot of pizza in my lifetime but theirs is now an absolute favorite. The goat cheese, prosciutto and basil pizza is to die for and I hope it ends up on the permanent menu. They have perfected the pizza crust!The service is top notch and genuinely friendly and they even have live music on the weekends.I still need to check their entrees but I just can't get beyond their pizzas...  :)
4	At last, a wood-fired pizza that makes sense of all things nonsensical.Its crust, thinner than Kate Moss when she was in her heroin chic phase.Its toppings, imported from Parma and all places Italy.And the sauce, sneakily unobtrusive, not attracting attention to itself which is more than I can say for the typical Scottsdale posers who light here. Throw in a hug and a kiss from a 1500 degree wood-fired oven and you've got a pizza fit for, well, me.The servers are friendly and attentive.Their prices are fair, considering the location and quality of the food.One drawback, the parking.There are less than a dozen parking spots outside the restaurant, which means you'll likely have to park across the street in The Village's parking lot. No biggie.There's no traffic to speak of so crossing the street means dick when that old soccer limp flares up.If you're going to plan a visit, wait until fall when all the snowbirds flock to town.I rather enjoy having Grazie all to myself this time of year.If you do visit in summer, leave your little brats at home. I can get enough of that shit at Grimaldi's where all the DC Ranch shitheels parade their a-hole kids around like its a kiddie pageant.
5	I love this place, been here several times for both happy hour and dinner.This place has great happy hour!  It's fun to sit at the bar and Jeff is friendly and funny.  A couple of pizzas on the menu are half off and I had the Americana.  It was good...thin crusted and not greasy.  I could devour the whole pie. :) Beers was served in a chill glass and even though I am not a beer drinker, i enjoyed a beer there.  The Italian beer was light and smooth. For dinner, i had Lasagna.  It was fantastic and covered with mozzarella cheese.   Emiliana salad was yummy!  Mmmmm...it makes me hungry thinking about the food.  They do have live music on Saturday with a musician playing guitar and singing.  Overall, everything was amazing!I would recommend this place!
4	Small and simple is good... think of it as focused.  There's no stove, so everything is cooked in the pizza ovens, which makes for a succint menu.  The good news is it's all tasty and reasonably priced. It's not the finest food in town, but rather it's straight-forward food at fair prices, and everybody there is super-friendly. Great neighbordhood joint.
5	Pizza yes, wine yes, but the real specials are the steak kabob, or the salmon, these dishes would rival any of the top dishes in the valley, this place is a must go
5	What an amazing experience. When the owner makes it a priority to spend time after your meal... Just to chat and talk Italian heritage, it shows they're more than just a restaurant. The time they put into each and every meal... All wood fired mind you, comes out in every bite. This place is a long haul for us, but rest assured, we'll make it a regular on our list. Some of the best wood fired pizza we've ever enjoyed. Gotta try the half pizza, half calzone. I dare you to try and not eat the entire thing!
5	Ordered pizza and salad to go last night. Food was ready before the pick up. Period the waitress and bartender were extremely nice and we enjoyed a short conversation. Restaurant seemed to be reasonably full however I really believe this to be a real gem and I hope that more local more North Scottsdale residence take the time to stay in. Two delicious pizzas and a salad for $30, very good deal.
5	Was excellent!!!!
5	This place is legit thin crust heaven.  Came here for lunch last Saturday and loved everything from the service to the flavors of the pizza and salad.  Wines were also pretty affordable.  Has all the makings of being Scottsdale's next big pizza destination.
4	Tucked away in the middle of the McDowell Mountain Ranch neighborhood, this Pizza joint is a hidden gem.  We've driven by it dozens of times and finally decided to stop by and give it a try.  It was a Sunday night and there were only a few tables occupied in the restaurant.  After browsing the menu, I spotted a unique item...it's called the Vesuvio.  It's a  1/2 Calzone,  1/2 Pizza concoction....I had to try it.  Additionally, it was happy hour, so Pizza was 1/2 price!  So we ordered:Pepperoni Pizza, $14 (regular price, happy hour is 1/2 off)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciao-grazie-scottsdale?select=BLFokFO1e7C4iph6BcJU7Q#BLFokFO1e7C4iph6BcJU7Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciao-grazie-scottsdale?select=3hFzBESdIbdRZ8zZDx63tg#3hFzBESdIbdRZ8zZDx63tgThe Vesuvio (1/2 Calzone, 1/2 Pizza), $16http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciao-grazie-scottsdale?select=cxvJ6_KDrbbIG4YlrnFdBg#cxvJ6_KDrbbIG4YlrnFdBghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciao-grazie-scottsdale?select=00i0JtsGG9qUkCIeJTkx-A#00i0JtsGG9qUkCIeJTkx-Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ciao-grazie-scottsdale?select=itgoHpgq-OCxgkoetT6GYA#itgoHpgq-OCxgkoetT6GYAAfter a short wait, we  got our food and I was looking forward to diving into the Vesuvio, so that's what I tried first....I cut a piece of the Calzone and Pizza.  I tried the Calzone portion first....and it was bland....the Dough, Ricotta Cheese, and Ham were good and fresh, but it didn't have a much flavor....I think if there was some Sauce for dipping or if they had Sauce in the Calzone, it would be better.  The Pizza portion of the Vesuvio was awesome...it was a Mushroom/Cheese Pizza.  It had good flavor and was cooked perfectly.  After the 1st bite of the Calzone, I started to combine a piece of the Pizza and a piece of the Calzone together to make it taste good.  Perhaps that's how I should've been eating it from the start...? The Pepperoni Pizza was awesome....full of flavor and the thin crust was cooked perfectly.  Overall, we really enjoyed our dinner here.  I'm glad we stopped by.  We'll definitely be back for Happy Hour.Return Factor - 90%
3	I love the setting and the decorations of the restaurant. The pizza I ordered was OK but nothing to write home about. I did enjoy the bruschetta.
3	Just ok.  Somewhat disappointing after seeing so many 5 star reviews. Perhaps we went on an off day but with only a few people in the entire restaurant, I'm not sure why it would be so off. We started with the Insalata Veneziana and it was very good, although somewhat pricey at $12 for a large (meat would have been $4-5 extra).  The pizza was built up so much in the reviews that we decided to ask what the favorites were.  We decided on the Complimenti Alla Mamma which was highly recommended.  Unfortunately our order must have gotten mixed up and 45 min. later, we were still waiting for the pizza.  Finally, our waiter sees us with no pizza and checks the kitchen.  Not good when there's only a few people in the place. When we finally got the pizza, I was really disappointed.  The flavor was just meh.  I found it to be salty and the sauce was forgettable.  The texture was very nice at first, but by the 2nd piece the middle section was soggy.  I do have to compliment our waiter for apologizing for the mix up and he provided us a free dessert.
5	The food here is excellent and the staff is great, attentive and accommodating. We go here regularly and always leave happy.
5	We go here once a week.  Every one is SO nice and friendly.  Prefer sitting in the bar area.  Franco the owner could not be any nicer or welcoming.  The food is really good; salads outstanding.  Love that they change up the menu per season.  Minestrone is the best I've ever had.  Just a fantastic all-around neighborhood gem.
5	Visiting from Chicago.Fabulous pizza (If you like authentic, wood fired, thin crust)!!!  Friendly service (ask for the sisters).  Combined modern and rustic upscale ambiance.   Family run?Separate bar area to meet and chat before dinner, ample Italian wine list and Black Butte Porter (Bend, OR).If you like thin crust pizza, these guys have it NAILED --- thin and bubbly, crispy without being cracker-like.  All fresh, flavorful ingredients.
2	When you enjoy your faux-Napoletana pizza with cardboard-thin cracker crust and a faint drizzling of sauce, do you like to do so in a dining room with walls of plastic bricks and populated with boisterous children?  If so, you'll love Ciao Grazie.We came here because we were going to be in the neighborhood anyways, and this place for some reason has mostly good reviews.  If only we knew the people who had eaten here are the same sorts who actually think Sauce makes a good pizza.The meal started out OK.  The service was adequately warm, even if the over-the-top decor left it a little cold (it's OK for a restaurant to be unassuming - really, it is!).  The garlic bread was edible, even if it was just a piece of flatbread with butter and garlic salt on it.  Would have preferred actual garlic, though.The pizza?  I went with the capricciosa, and my friend had the sofia.When our tostadas... I mean pizzas... arrived, the unfortunate lack of substance in the crust was readily apparent.  The cornicione was almost nonexistent.  I have said it before, and hopefully I don't have to say it too many more times, but if you think the cracker crust is good, you're absolutely wrong.  There are certain propositions that are not open to different opinions, and this is one of them.Furthermore, the toppings, besides the olives, were pretty lame.  The prosciutto on my friend's sofia was barely distinguishable from normal ham.Ciao Grazie is all style and no substance, and the thin, lifeless crust serves as the perfect microcosm for the place itself.  If you like to eat that garbage, just go to Sauce, it's cheaper.  If you don't, do yourself a favor and go a few miles down the road to the far superior (and understandably more crowded) LAMP Pizzeria.
5	My wife and I love Caio Grazie, especially the authentic thin crust pizza. The friendly service, food, and ambience keep us coming back weekly. The salads are so fresh! Can't say enough about this place. Consistently excellent!
5	This is the best Italian restaurant there is in town. Food is Italian original;  service is professional and consistent. All friends and people I invite are blown away with this place every time I take them there. We love Ciao Gratzie. I also buy gift cards for friends to celebrate  their especial occasions and everyone really loves it. I highly recommend Ciao Grazie.
5	Really like the new changes at the bar. New bar stools and bar top tables are first class. As always food and service was top shelf. Highly recommend!
5	Dear...!! R 2 waitress ...*twins an r the cutest. .ever..!!!:)pizza great an we r picky....!!!!! Lovely atmosphere. .very pretty and very  groove music... Dessert was orgasmic...!!! Lol  ;))))((  xo
3	Great thin/cracker crust pizza. My wife and I came down for a nice dinner on Sunday. We started with the garlic bread. Unlike a previous reviewer we like the simple garlic bread. I wife had the marina and I had the Tuscany. Both were good. I did find the sauce was a bit sharp. The crust was wonderfully thin with good marks on the bottom showing the best of the wood fired oven's heat. They have a long list of wines which looked very good. And I saw a desert go by that looked amazing which we will try next time we are here.
5	U gotta love this place for happy hourBest deal in town; great menu, fresh food, really nice service - now how could u beat that?  Whether it's the bruschetta salmon or the insalata veneziana or the apple calzone with ice cream and butterscotch sauce - it's all memorable! Can't wait to return to try more
5	Great fresh salads with simple oil & balsamic dressings. Excellent wood fired pizzas & classy decor.  Enjoyed relaxing on south patio. Service was top notch. A perfect spot to recharge after a hike. Thank you for the quality eats!
5	If your looking for a warm, classy and overall friendly place to take your date or family...Ciao Grazie is it.  Franco, the owner provides exceptional customer service and remembers you whenever you return.  Great wine, appetizers, salads and the fire-grilled margherita pizza is amazing.
5	Great place off Pima not far from the 101. Bar has a TV that is great for watching a game right after work. Staff is friendly in that come on in and relax sort of a feel.We come here often & year round and we love their PIZZA!!! Perfect thin crust! Typically we keep it simple with the Americana (pepperoni) and Toscana (mushroom & sausage). Traditional wood fired pizza never tasted so good!!Also the Insalata Della Casa (house salad) is perfect to share. Order it with the 2 dressings mixed together, Balsamic Vinaigrette & Creamy Gorgonzola. I am not big on long reviews...just love great pizza. Food is here, time to enjoy!!
5	My friends and I love checking out Local restaurants midweek to break the monotony and drink a glass of wine and shoot the breeze. Last night, on our way to Armitage, my friend swerved right suddenly and we found ourselves in Ciao Grazie. Franco, who is the owner, was super helpful and friendly and patiently helped us find the best wine to wind down on a Tuesday night.When we said we were vegetarians, Franco recommended the warm flatbread with fried mozzarella and delicious mushrooms. It was really really good. We also got a plate of Bruschetta. The Pesto on the bruschetta was fresh and bursting with flavor. The Al Fresco pizza was divine.We ended the meal with a memorable port and the most delectable, melt-in-the-mouth Tiramisu.While we did tease Franco about what on earth possessed him to leave a gorgeous place like Sardinia and live here in the desert, we feel so lucky he chose to!Ciao Grazie! But we will be back!!
5	The service was WONDERFUL and the food was Delicious! I had the Chicken Parmesan Rosa, my husband had the Shrimp Alforno, and our four kids split a pepperoni pizza. Our plates were scraped clean. Then for dessert which I'm not a big fan of but this time I couldn't stop eating the chocolate banana calzone  It was intoxicating. Can't wait to go back!
4	Extremely tasteful Italian spot in north scottsdale that has a great wait staff and decor. There is a good sized patio if you want to sit outside.Started off the dinner with a caprese salad and fresh ground pepper, fresh mozzarella is made daily in house. Don't forget the basil :)Next course was the Margherita pizza. A thinner smaller pizza is a good way to describe the pie. Pizza can easily serve two, but if you're hungry you may want to order more. My only complaint was that the pizza was served cold and not straight out of the oven.  Last course was undoubtedly the winner, hands down. Apple "pie" (which is only seasonal and was told will be off menu soon). This was absolutely heavenly, served warm with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and caramel. The pie dough was perfect and the size will be able to serve more than one! I enjoyed meeting Marco, the owner from Italy with a lovely accent! He visited our table at the end of the night and was very interested to learn how our dining experience was. It was nice to see the owner helping out around the restaurant. I would definitely return.
4	We went her this past Saturday night. We split a caprese salad and it was fine for two people. Everything wash fresh and good. We ordered a Margherita wood fired pizza with sausage and thought it was good. We do like thin crust pizza and knew what to expect. We finished with fresh brewed coffee and Tiramisu. Both were very good. Our waitress was very attentive and the bar tender even took the time to walk over two beers. They have inside and outside seating. We will go back again and try something different on their menu.
5	Great place!  Went on Monday night.  It was half off salads which is a nice special.  We got their Emiliana and Venetizana salads and both were good.  The house dressing is delicious!  We also had the brushetta assortment and it was good too.  The Super Tuscan red blend is very good.  Above all the service was fantastic.  Our waitress was super.
5	Great food and service. Great thin crust pizza. Nice pasta too.  Good wine selection. Great for outdoor sitting when weather is good.
3	I went to go pick up my boyfriend from work to have luncg. he suggested this place...  Oh my word. This place was in the middle of nowhere.Very low key, nice decor, probably four people was dining in. We got seated right away. . The waitress was so hard to a comprehend. We ordered the Caesar salad first. It was really good. Then we ordered the el forno pizza and the Tuscana pizza.. Not deep dish. Regular.. It took 25 minutes for the pizza to come out.Everything was good with the tuscana pizza. But the el forno, it was delicious! But they put way too much vinaigrette.. :(Overall, the service was great. The food was decent .. kinda pricy. ..  I'll go back, but not for the el forno pizza.
5	This was my first visit to this restaurant and Kevin was very helpful with suggestions on great wines and very tasty dishes.  The pizzas are great, salads very fresh, and there is a great selection of wines.  We look forward to returning to this great place!!!
5	amazing food pizza was great yes thin however had great texture and taste they use wood.fired.oven owner is from Italy better then some of the places I have had in vegas. sauce is light and airy taste the dough fresh made.also split a salad can't remember name but it had red wine in it? That was the groups favorite salad.overall about 60 bucks.for 2.salads a pizza split and salmon brucheta. There evening hours are.light trade.so in a rush best time happy hour wine bar esk.
3	Just okay. First, I was craving pasta for lunch and they don't serve pasta so maybe that's why I'm dissatisfied.  When I asked the waiter/bartender for an alternative to mash potatoes he just stared at me until I said never mind. also, I waited a little longer for my food than I thought it should take. The chicken Parm was just okay...the suace was good but otherwise not that impressive, particularly for $18 with an $11 glass of wine for lunch.  In their defense, I think this place is more of a pizza joint and I was in the mood for pasta...which I did not get.  Grain of salt...but not a great experience.
1	This place was so damn awful. Easily the worst pizza place I've ever been to. The waitress was extremely rude, never gave refils, and even verbally harassed my party and me. The food was plain awful, and we sent it back multiple times. Also, everything was freezing cold, and I saw as they pulled some of our entrees from a freezer.Not to mention it was expensive as hellDON'T EAT HERE IF YOU'RE SANE
4	I've eaten at Ciao Grazie many times because we live nearby. They have great service and gluten free pizza options plus they state that they use some locally grown ingredients. I like the gluten free pizza a lot, but it's not the best out there and sadly they often cook it so the edges are burnt a bit too much. Still, it's nearby and gluten free so we eat there more often than not. They also claim to have truly wild caught salmon. For this, I sing their praises because so few restaurants offer wild caught fish. They have a good happy hour with pizza special prices.
1	Wow, this place is terrible. I went here last night and ordered the pizza with Priscuitto. I don't even think they put this pizza in the oven. When I picked it up, it was cold and nothing was melted. There's no shot ever returning.
3	The owner followed-up with my about my experience, which I do appreciate. Not sure if I will come back but to take the time to respond to negative reviews is something worth noting.
5	Oh my god , delicious Italian food I can't stop thinking about. Definitely recommend their Manicotti. Very Yummy!
3	Nice ambience and great Italian wine list. We're all gluten free, which was the major draw. Our pizzas were ok. The crust was undercooked and gummy. My pizza was wet with sauce or the veggies weren't drained properly. Disappointing. If you're offering Italian style pizza and gluten free at that, it should be light and crispy, just like Italian crust.
5	Was our first time here and had a great lunch.  We split the house salad (amazing salad dressing) and a vegetariana pizza.  Food was excellent and our server was awesome.  Loved this place and can't wait to go back again.
