4	Nice cozy sports bar.  Didn't have the food here, the drinks are very reasonable.  If you like Bass Ale (draft, of course), this is a very nice spot to have it...
5	Cool little sports bar. It's never really busy, but never empty.. kinda weird. They have great specials including a beer of the month- 2.50 a pint. This month (August) is Sierra Nevada. The food is surprisingly good. They have the 2nd best wings (oregano's being #1) and good deep dish pizza too. I was very surprised. Ambiance sucks tho. Don't expect too much.  It embraces the look of a dive bar and kind of depressing setting. I still give it 5 stars cause it's a fun place to hang out with friends.-S.
4	Went on Sunday to watch Week 1 of the '09 NFL season, and was pleasantly surprised. I used a coupon from www.Restaurant.com, and saved  $10 off my $25 check. (bevs not included)The food was good to excellent. Wings were fantastic, big and meaty, with great sauce, and were only about $6 and change for a dozen. The nachos were a giant pile of goodies, and could barely get through half of it. I didn't have any alcohol, as I had my 3 yr old with me, but I did feel totally comfortable with him there  -  great family atmosphere even though it was croweded. Everyone was good little boys and girls, and very friendly crowd.There are plenty of tvs surrounding both dining rooms, and there are plenty of teams represented, it's not one of those bars devoted to just one team. Again...friendly banter between different teams followers, no yelling, screaming, fighting or even arguing. Heck, I'm a Ravens fan and even chatted it up with (gasp!) a Pittsburgh fan! What's next, dogs and cats, sleeping together??Good service, lots of waitresses flying around, and everyone seemed to be having a blast cheering on their teams.
4	All Vikings' fans unite...the Arena Sports Grill puts out the welcome mat on NFL Sunday's. We get priority seating in front of the best big screen. The servers are prompt, courteous and drop dead gorgeous. GREAT bar, FUN people, the "make your own" Bloody Mary bar...sensational...Pizza, Wings, Burgers...this place has it all !
4	I went there today with some coworkers for lunch for the all you can eat fish special that they have on Friday's and it was very much worth it. Upon entering the bar/restaurant the first thing I noticed was how dark it was. The next was how big it was. There are two sides to this place and we opted to go to the side that had more lighting. I mean I don't know about you, but I want to actually be able to see what I am a eating. So after being seated and having our drink order taken, it took a minute for someone to actually come and take our order. It was kinda weird as it didn't seem to be that busy but who knows. In the end everyone ordered the fish and we all had it differently. Some had it fried, some had it baked, some had it blackened/cajun and we all either fries or onions rings. Let me just say that it was worth the wait. The fish was so moist and fried perfectly. I had a piece of the cajun as well and it was seasoned just right. Oh and the onion rings? Good lawd they were good. I am not sure what they did back there in the kitchen, but they most definitely made up for our wait. The bill came and we were pleasantly surprised. The all you can eat fish special pretty much included the drinks for only .25 cents. Cool huh? So $13 or so dollars per person, plus tip and a VERY full stomach later, we all hobbled out of there and went back to work fat and full. As a matter of fact its 10pm and I am still full from lunch today. Sad but true and I only had one plate of fish!!! The all you can eat fish fry is worth it if you like fish. Be patient because its worth the wait.
5	This is another great little sports bar where you can feel very comfortable taking your kids. I always hesitate about "bar" restaurants, they are a risk for bad language and bad behavior, but NOT this place, they are awesome!Menu is very diverse from Mexican to Italian, from wings (really good too) to a fantastic beef dip! The girls that wait on you are attentive, beautiful and very good at what they do.... Go and enjoy.....
2	Checked this place out today for lunch as a possible spot to watch NFL games. Took advantage of their lunch menu and got the sliders. I get my bill and $2.50 is added to my bill for a beverage.  I was drinking water. Apparently, you have to buy a drink to take advantage of the lunch specials. I was not informed of this and was pissed. On top of that the sliders were mediocre at best.  These specials that have these restrictions drive me crazy. A heads from the bartender about the beverage deal would have been nice. When I questioned the bill, the original bartender who took my drink order said, "she didn't tell you?" I'm not going back to this place.
4	Cool little neighborhood bar. I go once or twice a month for the food. Wings and burgers are very good and service is always nice and prompt. Specials during the week and beer of the month help keep it a good value.
3	I'm a regular here because it's close to home, not because of the food. Entirely hit or miss. However, the drinks are priced in nicely and the staff is competent. Seriously a neighborhood joint only...do not go out of your way, especially ifnyou find yourself closer to a zipps or blue 32, or even buffalo wild wings, or.........
4	Great sports bar feel.  Lots of TVs.  If you are looking for a menu of perfect bar food, this is the place.  From Burgers to Pizza and chicken fingers.  And all the fried appetizer favorites.  With the great sports bar feel on one side, they have a family friendly dining room also.  The owners are hands on and greet everyone.And if watching the game gets boring, they offer off-track betting.
3	Like the sister store, Upper Crust Pizza, the wings are VERY good.  Very neighborhoody feel - a bit mroe downscale than what you'd expect 1 mile from Scottsdale Road in north Scottsdale... but if you can get over the ambiance, the wings were very good, among the best I've seen in Phoenix.  It feels like the old pizza and wing bars back in Buffalo NY!
3	DO NOT get the fish! We tried to visit a new fish shop near our home first, but it was "out of fish" per their hand-scribbled sign on the door - having always wanted to visit Arena we popped by, and when the menu "highly recommended" the fish plate I was thrilled - that was short lived though - when fish was served I realized that I had made a huge mistake. This looks like it might be fun for a burger, football game or late night of abusive drinking. Arena, you get one more try!
3	Arena gets the job done when you need some bar food and a drink. It's certainly nothing fancy. It's split into 2 parts. It's just a very large room with somewhat of a warehouse feel. The main section has a bunch of low tables, a few high tops, and a bar to the left side. I'm not sure what it is about the layout of this place that confuses me. Picture a school cafeteria. Lots of tables set up in rows. Good for groups because pushing them together is a cinch considering you are basically in the lap of the table next to you anyhow. If you need to get up to use the restroom, it feels like you end up rubbing your ass on the head of the person behind you trying to squeeze by. The side area has some booths and more cramped seating and seems more "family appropriate". They do show music videos, which is pretty awesome considering some of the tunes people choose. Some real old school gems are thrown in that provide some entertainment. They also have darts and a Big Buck Hunter. TVs are scattered about. The menu is big and diverse. Typical bar food (wings, burgers, sandwiches, salads) even pasta as well as Mexican food. Something for everyone! Service is friendly and fast. I usually have Lori, who is terrific. I would up the rating if it wasn't such an odd seating arrangement. I'm not in middle school anymore and prefer to keep those days behind me. *Happy hour has some good drink specials. *The water tastes like dirt from a pond, so spring for a bottle if you are in the need for some re-hydration. *There is no patio or outside seating here.
3	I've experienced better, but for an outta-way bar it's okay, I would return. Now this place is Half restaurant, Half OTB (off track betting salon) with quite a few local families for dinner, and a few die-hard track betting happening at the bar on the farside.Now, I'm a bar rat. I enjoy sitting at the bar talking with the staff and meeting the regulars, (but I may of hit an off night) and I like to have dinner at the bar if I can. I am comfortable here, but they have too many bar stools crammed together to maneuver on and off (in and out).The evening I was here they had a trashcan fire out on the front stoop, possibly from the many discarded losing bet tickets thrown about, but mostly just from a careless smoker.Our two bartenders weren't on the same page, I ordered a round of drinks and the next round was a completely different price. Wasn't pleased, and in asking was kinda frown down upon, enough that it was time to leave and try friendlier joints.
2	Average food. The waitress was pretty rude and gave us problems with the Groupon we had.
3	One of the great spots in Scottsdale/N. Phoenix to watch a sports event.  The staff is quick and friendly which keeps things moving along.  I go there to watch all of the Football games.  If you're into Fantasy sports, this is the place to go in Scottsdale.  The food is OK.  I stick to the basics and survive but anything creative seems to fall flat.  The burgers and potato skins are my favorites.
4	Great sports bar!  The place is huge and can be a little loud.  There are TV's everywhere you look so there is no bad seat in the house.  The service is incredible and the food is amazingly great!  They have a thin crust pizza with a sauce that tastes just like Lou Malnati's in Chicago.  Try the vodka pasta too.  Never had a bad meal here.  Ask for Lori - best server EVER!
4	Great for watching sports!  Mass televisions and great bar food!   Staff super friendly and great service!
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars.  Its a little corner bar, good food, reasonable beer prices, seems like the kind of place a lot of regulars would belly up to the bar.  They have a lot of flatscreens around the bar.  The environment though is pretty drab and dark.  Needs to be redone really, its almost depressing in there.
1	Just left the Arena Sorts Grill. I give it one star as the service was excellent. Very attentive ladies behind the bar. However, that it where it stops. The food was absolutely awful. The place smelled of bleach from wipng down the bar area and tables,there has to be something different that can be used. The bathrooms are far from what you expect in a North Scottsdale place of business. Like I said, the bartenders did a great job but that is where it stopped. Never again would we go to this place.
4	i love this place for their wings!  that  and off track betting.  downfall is that i feel like i'm being a bad person drinking and smoking near a preschool. plus it's really dark.i love the place, i try to go there a few times a month.  great staff, great food, good people!
3	Pretty standard issue sports bar. The place is pretty large and spread out which is nice, but we went late on a weeknight and there weren't too many people around. Seems like the kind of place a locals have been going to for years. Little dark, a little divey but not dirty or unpleasant. Beer selection wasn't great but the wings made it worth the trip. The wings were great. I live in the area and I imagine I'll be back here sometime soon.
5	Just moved to the Scottsdale area from Las Vegas and this reminded me of my favorite local sports bar back home.Atmosphere:  Definitely geared towards locals which is great. There is an area to just dine in as well as the bar plus patio.  The bar area was great nice size bar to sit around with pool tables and nice mix of music.  Plenty of tvs to watch any sporting event you might want.Bartenders /Waitress:  This was the best part of my experience everyone was incredibly attentive and so friendly.  Great senses of humor, welcoming, and top notch service. It was easily the best bar experience I've had since moving here.Food/drink:  Food was great and prices were reasonable especially on a Saturday off happy hour.  Without a doubt this will be my go to spot in the Scottsdale area from this point forward.  Can't wait till i can stop by for a happy hour.  You are missing out if you do not hit this place up.
5	It Keeps getting better!I have been going here for many years , was never really the best spot , however, cheap drinks, low key and good location.But things are changing in the best way.Eats- Worlds best BLT! .Its pretty standard but for some reason the way it tastes is great, loaded with bacon on toasted bread, super fresh crispy lettuce. noms. I am a big fan of the Asian chicken salad and brownie for dessert.Drinks- Great happy hour prices,( pretty cheap even when its not), plus no matter what you drink or whatever flavor you like , I can bet they have it! I swear they have every flavor or vodka known to man! OJ and marshmallow vodka , YES PLEASE!Redo- Looks like they just remodeled , it used to be kinda dark but it seems quite a bit brighter and cleaner and more spacious, a much needed change. I think its now a place where me and my ladies will be going much more often. Especially with $4 dollar drink specials at night. Free wi-fi is a huge plus!!Staff- a little life and personality is behind the bar now! fresh friendly faces with drinks being made quick and with a smile. They do offer OTB, which has a friendly and helpful staff and is happy to show you how to bet for all the rookies out there.A happy little corner bar that is so much more! Cant wait to go back..More than likely tonight, see you there!
4	Great sports bar with real good food! Just got a face-lift. Clean great service a must try for any one looking for a place to enjoy a game with a Bev and good eats
5	Great staff and food....my home away from home.
4	Great place to watch football! Staff is on the ball at this place. The food is good and they have drink specials night of the week. I think I found my new place to watch Monday Night Football!
5	Great bar! Bartenders are awesome, cheap drinks, great happy hour, off track betting is fun too. Small smoking patio which is also a bonus! Great place to go have some drinks with friends and hang out!
2	Went here using the 50% off coupon in the SavvyShopper flier. Good thing too, because I would have felt completely ripped off had I paid the menu prices.The 'chicken wings' are simply unbreaded chicken meat nuggets in buffalo sauce. That's not a chicken wing. They were a little tough.The Black n Blue burger was a bit dry and nothing special about the meat. It sure didn't look like 1/3 lb either.The service was competent and yes we did tip the waitress appropriately, including a tip for the discounted part of the bill.The only good thing I can say (other than the 50% off) is that it reminded me that it's time to go back to Havana Cafe again; it's right next door.I would not go back here.
5	Every time I come here I have a blast! I am still dreaming of the Mexican pizza!!! Awesome service... Can't beat it. I will definitely be back!
3	Cheap bar to watch Thursday night football.  The only bad thing about this place was a long strand of hair in the fries.  Freakin nasty.
2	The Arena is a typical neighborhood sports bar but is definately showing its age. I have stopped in many times over the years since it was originally Senior Tobo's mexican joint. I have watched some memorable sports  games there with friends. There are lots of TVs but the ones over the bar are too small for viewing easily from the table seating area. At least one of the bigger tvs keeps pixilating. Last year's addition of grey corrugated steel wall panels throughout is just awful and has given the place a much worse ambience like grandpa's old storage shed. A big Jack Daniels statute (looks like Colonal Sanders in western wear) is in the bar area and is plum out of place. An update of the worn out restroom areas are long overdue, especially the boys room.  Food is typical grilled or fried bar fare with nothing outstanding. Arena has seen better days and a update is needed and has been needed for a long time. Other places have passed them by. There is a small off track betting counter squeezed in. There is separate restaruant area smaller than the bar and it is quieter. Friday fish dinner is popular there.
4	Arena is a great place for all ages. The restaurant side accommodates families with children well. The bar side is also nice because there are plenty of tables to sit down and eat. Lots of tv's in the place which is nice for watching sporting events. Service is always excellent and in the 6 years we have been going to Arena, we often see a lot of the same staff still working there and still happy to be there. The queso appetizer is really good and served in a edible chip bowl. My favorite meal is the buffalo chicken pasta. You cant go wrong with adding buffalo chicken and pasta together :) It's not your fancy Scottsdale sports bar, but thats what we like about it. You can come as you are and enjoy good food and great service.
4	Taco tuesday is quite the deal at this local sports bar. I never expect much when things are on special, but Arena delivered three chicken tacos (loaded with meat and cheese, lettuce and tomato) for $1.25 each. A tasty salsa was also included on the side. They also have huge discounts on chile rellenos and enchilada's (about 2 bucks each) and two 7oz corona's were only $1.50 each. The place was pretty empty at about 9pm, except for a small pool tournament, and the two bartenders were friendly enough to a newcomer. Rest of menu is typical sports bar stuff, but Tuesday is the day to be there.UPdate: $2.50 chile Relleno looks good, but must be frozen and reheated and is stuffed with ground beef which is just too weird for this item. Pass on them.
1	So I went here recently  to meet up with friends to grab a bite to eat. Not only was their patio  extremely dirty but  the inside of the restaurant had this stench when you walked in.  It is definitely a cheap sports bar. My boyfriend had a burger with fries and I had the chop salad. The burger was supposed to be cooked to a medium and it came out well done, we asked the server if they could remake it and she just gave us this look and rolled her eyes. It took about 20-25 minutes for the new burger. The French fries were obviously frozen, they had no flavor and were chewy. My chop salad on the other hand had barely any salad at all and was completely covered with slimey turkey lunch meat. After we had returned the burger I had hoped to catch the sever to tell her about the salad, but she didn't even acknowledge us until 20 minutes later when the new burger came out and my salad that I only took a bite of was mush. At that point we asked to get the food taken off . We still paid for our drinks and tipped the server well, but the manager never came by once to apologize about the food. After we left we went to 5guys to get some REAL burgers and fries.
4	Been here a few times over the last few years. Has kind of a Midwest feel to it. Good food. Good beer selection. Some really cute girls behind the bar. Very casual and unpretentious. Somewhat rare for scottsdale. Great for Sunday NFL.  GREAT neighborhood joint. I'll be back.
2	Local dive bar that we didn't eat at. We were sent here by some neighbors as it was supposedly better than the 2 we mentioned to them. Small seating area, large bar area. Immediate turn-off was the 1/2 dozen kids running around and screaming, and playing Golden Tee. Just had a shot and a beer, and really wanted to leave because of the kids. Sure it was around 7 on a Saturday, but still......Don't like kids in a bar at all. I guess the kick was when we got our check. 1 large KiltLifter and 2 shots of Fireball, almost $20. Seemed very high for the type of place it was considering it's definitely a few $ cheaper at our closer local spots. These are prices I'd expect from from a more trendy sports bar with a nicer feel.
4	Stoped into this spot because it was on our way home, and one of the only places open. Wasn't sure what to expect. The food was pretty good, I got some wings, which were bomb, and some 1.50 tacos, but they were a bit underwhelming. Oh well, they were only 1.50, what else could i expect? The service and drinks were even better!!! Our bartender,a hot blondie, Micky was super fun and makes a killer gummi bear shot, I'll deff be going back!
