5	I rarely write reviews but know how difficult it is to find a good dentist so I felt compelled to share. I made an appt for my son with Dr. Nielsen based on a recommendation I received from a friend and could not have been more pleased with the experience! Not only is the office clean and new but they are open on Saturdays! My son thoroughly enjoyed the play area and the distraction of the plasma TV on the ceiling above the dental chair. Dr. Nielsen was thorough and gentle in his work. I highly recommend this Practice to anyone looking for a children's dentist.
4	I didn't think I would ever see the day when my daughter threw a tantrum because she DIDN'T want to leave the Dentist office. That's how great this place is! They were great at explaining the whole process in a very kid friendly way whether it was telling her to bite on the crackers (the x ray film) or ticking her fingers with the tooth polisher. The tech who did the cleaning was extremely sweet and it made her first dental experience an entirely positive one.They have movies in the waiting room and affixed to the ceiling and a small stash of books. Not much in the way of toys, so if you're kid gets bored easily then I would bring some of your own.Excellent experience all around and I'll be bringing my daughter back here for years to come.
5	I decided to use this place for daughter after disastrous experiences at another place and Yelp reviews for here. I waited to write this review after consistent experiences. My daughter has been here 3 times in the last 6 months (cavities, cleanings, etc). Every time, the staff have been friendly and patient with my daughter...they are so good with kids. For her first cleaning, I sat with her and observed their patience, explaining everything to her, giving her options, etc. Most of the time, they have the parents stay in the waiting room unless the children are upset. They also play movies for the children in the rooms with TVs on the ceiling. At the end, they bring out the kids with stickers and balloons. They are good about calling, too, to check on the kids. For one of the visits, my insurance paid them more than we thought. When I called to make sure they applied a credit to my account, they already had it reflected. I was very impressed!
5	They got me in the next day, and out in less than 45 mins and it was my sons first time seeing a dentist. They made him feel really comfortable and educated him on how to brush correctly!
