5	This is our go to guy for all car issues.Mike knows his stuff, and is honest! He'll let you know right away "you can wait on this" or "you'll die if you don't get this".Reasonably priced too.Hey, all car repair is expensive, but it feels a lot better when you can feel comfortable that your mechanic isn't trying to scam you.
5	What a nice experience. I took a leap of faith and tried these guys and to my surprise was blown away.  My wife has a '79 Mercedes 450 SL and this year the A/C died.  We took it to the Mercedes specialist we normally bring it to and after keeping it for 3 days he told us that it would cost upwards of $4500 to fix it.  I dropped it off at Auto Air and Electric and they called me back in a few hours with an estimate of $850!  I was happy but nervous.   After they were done, I was happier to find out he OVER estimated and the bill was $25 Less!  WTH?  When's the last time that ever happens??!!  Air is blowing cold as anything.  These guys have my business from now on.
5	Yay!  I've found my car repair shop!  I wish all car repair shops were this honest.  6 months ago, I took my car to a shop that insisted I NEEDED $3000 in repairs.  Given that my car is 10 years old, I declined.  Well, I started having car issues.  With the car struggling to turn over/start and the AC only blowing hot air, I figured it was the beginning of the end for my little Corolla.  What I feared would be a major repair job, turned out to be a minor battery issue.  As it turns out, all I really needed was a new battery.  The new battery fixed the start up problems AND the AC issue.  Auto Air & Electric could have easily sold me on some fancy-pants AC tune-up package and I never would have known the difference, but they didn't.  Since I was there, I went ahead had a few other services completed as well.The service was great; my car was up and running with COLD AC and I was on my way within 3 hours.  The people were super down to earth and the pricing was absolutely fair.  I actually ended up paying a little less than they estimated.This is the type of shop you don't see much of anymore.  Thanks for the great service!
5	We took our Escalade into Mike for some work. Mike noticed that one of the repairs was covered by our Chyrsler warrantly. He called the Chyrsler dealership to double check. Instead of doing that repair & charging us, Mike only did the non-warranty repairs. He told us to take the Escalade to the dealership because Chyrsler would do the repair for free! Mike may have not made money on that repair, but he gained a customer for life. You can depend on Mike's honesty & reasonable prices.
1	I don't always take time to write a review but when I do, it' is usually: for an exceptionally good or  poor service. Unfortunately, this time it is the latter. Being from California, I came to Auto Air & Electric by referral from someone I got to know locally. This person has been in the auto field for a long time and recommended AA&E as people with knowledge, experience  and integrity. Raving reviews on Yelp provided further assurance that it would be the right place to have my Mazda 626's  problem fixed and without hesitation I went to the shop. Upon walking in, I stumbled into Mike at the desk. Mentioning the name of the referring party did not seem to make much of an impression and I proceeded describing my problem. The issue at hand was a non-working A/C system. Most places I had taken the car to for estimates kept looking in the wrong direction and were inclined to think that it was a faulty compressor. A friend who works on cars out of his garage was nice enough to do a great deal of preliminary testing and conclusively ruled it out. Everything was pointing to an electric system.  It must be noted that I came to the shop not exactly as a first time novice with an attitude "The car has a problem, please fix it".  I had some grasp of the issue, had done some "homework" and just needed to establish the missing link. I felt that with the information I provided AA&E and with their level of expertise it would be a slam dunk. Judging from Mike's lack of interest of  my preliminary findings, I understood he was  keen at tackling the problem from the bottom up. This approach may have its merits, but I felt, and my feeling was later affirmed, that many of the steps they intentionally or unintentionally took were unnecessary as they had duplicated steps taken by my friend. The repair was started with the basic inspection ($40) which I predicted would not be productive use of time, but Mike insisted it was the right way to do it. 30 min. later he peeked inside to get an approval for the next step up ($125) a more thorough examination. After nearly 5 hours in the shop and $290 lighter (a repair of a short circuited wire bundle, something I had known about, had to be made in the process) I was being told that possibly a relay ($75 special order item) was causing the issue. I was to leave the car in the shop as the part would arrive the next day. Extremely disappointed, to say the least, with the growing costs and no end in sight, I declined and left. Soon after I returned to California and was fortunate to have found a not so fancy shop in one of the industrial areas of LA. Armed with information I provided him, the Spanish speaking mechanic, despite poor command of English quickly got a grasp of the problem and in 45 min. cracked the puzzle. Cherry on the icing was the fact that he charged me only $50 for labor. No parts had to be ordered. None of the "let's do preliminary diagnostic" BS. He tinkered with the car and charged me for producing  an actual result rather than an hourly rate while just going through the motions. Based on my overall experience, I feel this rating  would be the most appropriate.
4	My a/c was blowing warm air so I called these guys. I was working in the area and they were able to see me immediately. Mike was so nice and helpful. My truck had a cold a/c within 30 minutes and their prices were reasonable. I will definitely be back in the future.
5	Great honest shop. Mike is wonderful to work with. He explains everything very well. Gave me options of what needed fixed now and what could wait. Thanks again.
5	Here I am a year later back at Auto Air and Electric.  The starter in my little old Corolla went out and when it did (to quote Mike) "it kicked the battery in the balls".  HA!  Love the straightforwardness of these guys.  I towed my car in, got an estimate on repair costs, had repairs done (same day), and again the final bill was slightly less than the estimate.  I'll continue to take my 2003 Corolla here for repairs.  187,000 miles and many more to come.  Definitely appreciate these guys.Also, he mentioned there was an issue with the emissions system that won't effect my car's ability to get me from point A to point B, but should be looked at before I register my car next year.  I appreciate that they don't push for the sale.  They'll be straight with you about what is needed and when.
