3	Great shoe collection in a new location.  Really nice!
5	One of my favorite stores for shoes. Wonderful selection. I especially love the clearance section organized by size. Super boot collection and great deals on purses. Self service so very comfortable environment.
4	Oh ya, me likey. Large store with lots of shoes. Good deals like buy 1, get 1 half off. Large selection, and its not that busy, so you can shop in peace without having to fight off crazy shoe loving women from getting the last pair of your favorite shoes.
5	So glad to have a DSW closer to me than the one in Chandler. This store is beautiful and they have a great selection. It's organized really well and it was nice to see sales staff actually out on the floor straightening up. They have a great clearance section too with lots of shoes discounted. I went in today with the goal to buy one pair......left with three.
5	I've never walked in to this store without buying at least one pair or shoes.  I have a hard time finding a style that I like that is affordable and comfy.  DSW has all of that for me.  You can get such great deals on the clearance racks in the back.  Some are up to 90% off.  You cannot go wrong shopping here.
4	My wallet grabs on for dear life anytime I enter this store. So far I have yet to leave without at least one pair of shoes. The only thing I would change is how far it is from where I live, but with the deals and shoes I've snagged, I'll put up with that. They have a good return policy as well. DSW has a good selection of shoes, and I recommend starting with the clearance section in the back of the store. Some of my fave shoes have come from back here. You may not find anything but you won't know without looking. Otherwise, check out the rest of the store for sneakers, sandals, bling flip flops, wedges, heels, boots...even a limited selection of purses, socks, hosiery, and handbags. Brand names you can expect to find include Steve Madden, Keen, Nine West, Teva, Skechers, Carlos Santana, and many more. Need shoes? Come here! This location is in north Phoenix in the large shopping center at Shea Blvd and 90th St, just east of the 101. Parking is usually plentiful near the store.
5	This is the best DSW location I have been to, and I've been to a few.  The store is laid out very nice and organized and spacious.  Even the sales in back have more room than other locations, which is nice as those usually get the most crowded.The shoe selection is good, I would venture a guess and say this location has a bit more in options but I can't be sure, it may just be the layout.The staff was nice and helpful, which is a nice change from the other locations.  This is the place to go to find shoes..and more shoes...and more shoes...etc.
5	Okay, I have to update this to 5 stars. WOW on the customer service. While at lunch today, I noticed that something didn't feel quite right with one of my FAVORITE pairs of blingy/sparkly sandals. These shoes sparkle like all get-out, and they go with everything. And I wear them everywhere!  When I looked down, I noticed that the right one had broken. After finishing lunch, I headed over to DSW to see what their policy might be on a situation like this (and if they had another pair!) for shoes I hadn't had all that long. Long story short, they were able to damage them out and give me credit towards another pair that was on a super-sale. They didn't have this same shoe in my size, but they called DSW at Desert Ridge who DID have my size and held them until I could get there. So excited! Way to go DSW for looking out for your customers!
5	Only left with one pair today, man I must be slackin'.  The store was very neat and tidy today, with associates keeping things in order. Well stocked with different sizes and tons of stuff on sale. Two registers open, the line moved quickly. I cannot recall the last time I bought a pair of shoes somewhere else, it seems I always go to DSW!
2	I wasn't overly impressed with DSW this time. Not sure if they just didn't have a good selection at this time or if it was just the location. Also, I was in the store for about 30 minutes and nobody asked if I needed any help.
5	This DSW is the best.  I knew they had 70% off of some shoes.  But 80% off?  What?  And they had name brands too.  We went shopping and saved over $800.  Very happy about this store.
4	Judge me how you will. But, I have an unhealthy hankering for shoes. DSW is the perfect place to help me scratch that proverbial itch.DSW has shoes for all walks of life. Naturally, they have selections for both men and women. Within each gender, there are casual shoes, workout shoes, and dress shoes. There are rows and rows of different shoes, representing many of today's most popular brands, all at a reasonable price...typically, far below retail prices.If, by chance, you don't find something in the regular shoe sections that match your style or price range, fear not. One of the most inviting sections in the entire store is the clearance section. Within the clearance section, they have discounts ranging from moderate to HOLY COW! For example, I saw a pair of Florsheim shoes that were an astounding 80% off! I mean, the shoes were still selling for almost $100 after the discount, but still...that's one heck of a deal. Naturally, not EVERY shoe is priced that well. But, ranging between 30-80% off, there's bound to be something there to keep your feet in the nicest styles. Now, I know not everybody was a huge fan of math, so figuring out percentages off can sometimes be imposing. DSW has an answer for that, too. There's a giant chart that lists the typical prices of their shoes, and their corresponding prices at the varying percentages off.On top of selling shoes at great prices, they also offer many accessories. They have designer handbags and purses, as well as hats and socks. We've been to this location several times. Each time we go, we've been approached by the staff and asked if we needed assistance. Nothing earth shattering, but still quite engaged. That's the bare minimum that you would expect when receiving customer service these days. DSW's employees have yet to disappoint.If you share a shopping gene with Imelda Marcos, then this is the place for you. Great prices, great selection...shoe closets beware!
4	I ain't gonna lie; DSW is really hit and miss for me. I've been here a few times now and only about half the times have I found what I'm looking for. Sometimes I can't even find a splurge pair of shoes! The prices are decent, but the clearance items can be a great deal. Recently I got $180 books for $50 - a great deal. I even brought my husband once and he found a nice pair of dress shoes for $20. I like how the store is laid out. Everything is easy to find - even the clearance racks. (Other stores can have such chaotic clearance racks!) The cashier has always been helpful, but I never see employees wandering around helping customers. Not that I mind really, but I can see how other people might be discouraged.Overall, if I need something, I'll come here but no guarantees I'll find it. That's just how DSW rolls.
5	Not only is this still a great store, this location is my favorite. I was recently in Chandler and stopped at the DSW behind fashion square. Many of the styles I liked were out of my size and I wasn't wowed by too much.Last night I checked out this store to see if they had more sizes in stock, and not only did they have more of my size but more inventory and a few different styles I hadn't seen in Chandler. Yay shoes!!
4	Beautifully organized store with very friendly sales associates. Great music plays while you shop for shoes!
5	They have a set of clearance racks right at the front of the store, which this girl appreciates. I love dsw in general, and this store was up to par.
5	Plenty of shoes to choose from.  Staff was nice and helpful.  Prices range from moderate to expensive.
