5	Purchased a travelzoo offer and got a two for one deal. I had recently been to the Art of Merlot, a similar concept, and had a good time so was excited to do it again. I need more art in my life. It was so much fun! I loved it even more than the first experience, mostly because of the staff and atmosphere. A total family affair and Gia and everyone else were so friendly and fun. She blasted loud music, a serious classic rock playlist after my own heart. The atmosphere was super relaxed: you could follow her lead, add your own touch, or paint something entirely different if you wanted. So don't feel like you need to be an artist to go. I really enjoyed both experiences, but whereas the Art of Merlot was more focused on the actual painting, The Brush Bar was just a really relaxed and fun total experience. Both good options, just depends on your mood. We were laughing the whole time. And still ended up with masterpieces. Already signed up to go back! FYI: The Brush Bar includes one glass of wine and then has a cash bar while Art of Merlot is BYOB.
5	I went to The Brush Bar for the second time last night.  It is a great place!  So fun! Gia and her family are the best!
5	I had such a great time here!  I see many hard-earned dollars going here in my near and distant future.Go online to their website and pick out the painting you want to learn to paint.  Reserve your spot for that day.  Then the fun happens.  You get a glass of wine or beer with your admission price, a large canvas, paint, brushes and a smock to borrow.  The Brush Bar has the friendliest staff to show you how to create the painting of the night.  You can go off on an artistic tangent if you'd like as well.  We painted "Lover's Lane" but someone in the class painted a lighthouse.  There are no rules on your slightly buzzed artistic expression here.  We did this as a girls night out, but also think it would be a great date idea or family outing.  They also do a Sunday mimosa class.  Hells yeah!I can't draw a stick person to save my life.  My painting isn't about to hang on a wall at the Smithsonian, but it actually looks decent.  I love being creative and this was such a fun and relaxed way to get in touch with my artistic side for a few hours.
5	Have been back two more times! Just can't get enough! First for an Alzheimer's benefit which I think was amazing for Gia and her family to have hosted. I hope it was as successful as it was fun.And second for a girls' night out with some of the coworkers. Every time we bring someone new they LOVE it! Always lots of laughs, always great atmosphere and music, and obviously always a masterpiece from yours truly! ;)
5	What a great time had by the whole class!!  Such a great way to spend your evening with new found friends, and the ones in your party too!  A little wine helps get the creative juices flowing, and the inhibitions down for the (non - painters) in the group.  My friend hadn't painted since grade school, and now she wants to invite everyone she knows :)  Thanks Gia and Brett -- and our wonderfully inspiring Instructor Sal -- a great time was had by all!  We will be back :)
5	I visited the Brush Bar with some girlfriends to paint the "funky tree" and we had a blast!  Being an engineer, I don't really have a creative bone in my body, but somehow I came out with a painting I would actually hang on my wall AND I had a great time while painting it.  Gia was a fantastic instructor- like I said, I actually came out with a decent looking painting and I give her full credit (oh, and the pinot grigio helped a little too..!)  This place is a great idea for a girls night out, a party, or a mom/daughter event.  I even saw some men there who looked like they were having a great time.  All you have to do it visit the website and sign up for whatever painting you like best... they provide the canvas, paint, brushes, smock, etc as well as a drink ticket for beer or wine (FYI you can trade in 2 drink tickets for $5 off a bottle if you're there with a friend!) Thanks, Brush Bar & Gia! We'll be back soon!
5	LOVE IT!I have been here twice, and can't recommend it highly enough.So much fun!
4	Fun!  Purchased a groupon with friends and we all loved it.  I like how painting is paired with wine here.  Gia's steps are easy to follow and I'm pretty happy with my paintings.  The only thing is, it's so expensive.  I would only do it again as a date, for a fundraising event, or with a group of girlfriends.I've gone twice already.  Once with a groupon and once for an Alzheimer's fundraising event.  I really enjoyed the fundraising event because I like to spend money that I know will be donated to a good cause.  Go Gia!Gia and her mother also sell cute attire and accessories.  A little over-priced, but they are a family owned business so it makes sense for it to be a little more expensive.
5	So much fun!  I've been here twice now and it's a fun and different thing to do.  None of the art is something you would seriously hang up on your walls, but it's a neat thing to do.
5	Trust me- more fun than you think it will be! It was recommended by my friend, and I was game to try something new. I've never painted anything but watercolors in my kids' coloring books, and I loved both the experience and the painting I brought home. It's true that that beer/wine calms your thoughts of " i will mess this up and can't erase it" as soon as you start hitting that canvas. Time flies by so quickly, and that's when you know you're having fun.  I chose to copy one of their paintings, and it helps keep your focus with scale, etc. Definitely recommended!
5	Such a blast! I can't wait to come back and get all Picaso or van Gogh or  whoever was more intoxicated, all over that little canvas. Throughout the years I've been compelled to express myself artistically in several ways. Throughout the years I've been compelled to treat myself (or mainline, whatev..) several varietals of wine. Writing and painting are two things I thoroughly enjoy doing under the influence. There is now a place I can indulge at least two of these loves... Enter: The Brush BarThe space is bright and unique and encourages creativity. There are a lot of hand crafted items for sale around the shop. One of the coolest things I've seen in awhile are the shelves in the retail area.....so quirk and interesting. Built by one of the employees fathers from a birch-y looking white wood and wine bottles, they were begging to come home with me . I don't think they were for sale but still... beautiful.The employees were welcoming, helpful and adorable; I mean seriously, I haven't seen that many cute girls in one place in forever. If I were a single guy I'd totally go one weekend with an equally single buddy or two to see what kind of trouble I could get into. The painting part is pretty self explanatory. It's fun to get up, walk around and take a look at what everyone is doing about 3/4 of the way through. There's so much room for interpretation and the drastic differences and even sometimes subtle ones are very telling. We left inspired (and buzzed) and headed out for a nice afternoon of lunching. It was a bit pricey but this isn't something you're going to be doing once a week so no big deal. Go...go now.
5	I took my mother here for her birthday last night and we had a great time. I thought it would be fun but it was even more fun than I'd anticipated...I'm sure the wine helped with that! Drinks were priced well - our bottle of pinot grigio was $13 after using our drink tickets to get $5 off. Glasses of house wine are $4...sounds pretty good to me. Everyone at the Brush Bar was super friendly (including the dog). They definitely foster a very happy atmosphere. Again, the wine may help with that.  They take their time walking you through the steps to complete your painting...and while everyone's paintings look similar, they're all very different.  I'm definitely not a creative person and you really don't need to be to enjoy your time here and to come home with a cool piece of artwork. I now have a "calm tree" to hang in my office! It is a bit pricey but, like someone else said, it's not something you do all the time. Free parking and a location next to Dos Gringos is an added bonus. We'll definitely be back!
5	I am NOT artistic but thought this sounded like a fun thing to do - and I was right!  They make this so relaxed and fun and easy - Painting for Dummies.  Ok, maybe that is my perception due to my being a beginner but, apparently others in the class were in the "Advanced" section based on their gorgeous results.  The Staff was fabulous.  They got us all relaxed, laughing and having fun.  In between giving clear easy to follow non intimidating instructions, they had a great variety of songs that they turned up to allow you to enjoy while you painted. Much to my delight, I also loved my finished painting!!!  I will definitely go back.  This is a great thing to do as a group - with friends or family or even a work event.  A total blast.
5	What a great idea!My girl friends and I signed up to take a class this past weekend, something fun and different we thought. It was a blast! The staff is awesome, witty teacher, great selection at the bar area, and they sell by the bottle! Bonus! This place is great for a girls night, young people, old people, people with zero artistic talent, those who have been painting for years and anyone in between.You have the freedom to go off the grid and paint anything you wish, replicate any picture they have on the walls or follow along with the instructor. We all decided to follow the instructor but took some artistic liberties with the coloring. The other great thing is they are located right in the heart of Old Town so once you are finished with class you are just a few steps away from a dinner spot to any bar to start out the rest of your evening. I cannot wait to go back to the Brush Bar!Oh also, make sure to give the house dog a pet, Stella is adorable!
4	Think you can't paint? Grab a glass of wine and The Brush Bar will prove you wrong!I went here this week with a big group of friends, which they easily accommodated with a reservation. The class was full, but not uncomfortably so. We grabbed our paint, aprons, and drinks, and looked at each other nervously. A new piece was being featured for class that night, and we all had the same glazed-over looks on our faces. Us, paint that complicated-looking picture? Ha, ha. Right.Fortunately, The Brush Bar makes this amazing concept fun and relaxing. Our fantastic, hilarious instructor, Sal, made artists of us all. He patiently demonstrated each step along the way, kept us entertained with his humor and made the experience enjoyable rather than stressful. He was more than willing to answer questions and help out if we were lost or behind a few steps (which I frequently was). It was great seeing all the different interpretations of the original painting, and the environment was simply supportive and laid-back, not at all judgmental. "That looks great!," kind strangers said as I struggled with parts of my piece. When everyone had finished, the staff helped take photos of us with the paintings we were now so proud of (and kind of shocked we had done ourselves!).The fee includes your first glass of wine or beer, and you can always purchase more at the bar for a decent price. There's a cute little boutique near the front of the store, artwork on display and available for purchase, free cookies to nibble on, and even a raffle for free classes, which was a nice touch. The staff was friendly and happy - everyone seemed to love working there. (Who wouldn't?)The price was $35 per person for our class, so I'd reserve an outing here for a special occasion, but I'll undoubtedly be back to create another "masterpiece" soon. They're available for booking private functions, fundraisers, and parties, and they even have open studio days where you can paint whatever you want without an instructor for only $20, all supplies included.Genius.
5	Love the place awesome been there twice with my wife have the paintings hanging in my home , great concept  planning on going again next month. the instructor/owner makes the whole night come together to make it a awesome night
5	I recently held a Holiday Party here. Brittany who no longer works there was super helpful and quick to respond whenever I had any questions or concerns. Gia was also very helpful when I worked with her leading up to the event. I loved that they helped to great the ladies as they came in and gave them a small tour/introduction. This really helped me out. Our instructor was great and the pace was just right. I loved the music playing in the background too, some oldies but goodies. Everyone had a great time!They have so many other cute paintings on their walls that I want to do. I want to go back now! You don't have to be part of a party, they do classes multiple times a day where you can sign up online or by calling in. They also do some fun themed events too. Some of the ladies didn't know this and thought that you had to be part of a party to attend.If you're looking for something fun and different to do, I would highly recommend checking in to The Brush Bar.
4	This place is great.  We went here with a group for my girlfriend's birthday.  She's an amazing painter, and so is her female friend, so they had the best time out of all of us.  I almost wish they had a "beginners class" to learn a few things.  The wine helped make it so I didn't care so much that my painting wasn't very good.  :-)
5	You won't be disappointed!   Everyone leaves with a beautiful piece of art, they are very helpful in any way that is needed to make your art work a masterpiece!
5	Absolutely amazing couple that runs this place. Also, the price for your painting also includes one free glass of wine which is awesome! The class is instructed and the teacher is there to help if you get lost along the way. The atmosphere is wonderful and you won't be disappointed. You can also follow them on Facebook and see if you're one of the lucky weekly winners to get a free class!! Great place!!
5	I have been to The Brush Bar twice - and it is a blast every time.  Regardless of your artistic talent, grab a mimosa, let the instructor guide you through the painting process, and have fun.
5	Super cute place. Came for the first time on Tuesday for a private event. The instructor was great and the staff was so sweet and catered to whatever we needed. I will definitely be coming back. Great way to spend time with friends/family.
5	Second time here  - had a BLAST!  The staff is so kind and helpful - I asked for an extra barstool to prop my foot on, and not only did they bring me one, they came back and made sure my foot was okay!  We painted starry night, and they are so encouraging and supportive.  I love it and I can't wait for next time!
5	Second time here and it was a great time had by all! The guys in our group even had a great time and are looking forward to going back soon! The instructor was fun and interesting. The classmates were all fun. The drink selection was great! I can't wait to go back again soon!
5	The instructor mercilessly laughed and teased my art work.  But who is laughing now?  I was able to sell my masterpiece on eBay and now I do not ever have to work again!  BRUHAHAHAA!  Ok, but seriously, it was a fun evening.  Very helpful staff and a fun idea.  Beverages make it a double win.  So channel your inner Charlie Sheen, and say it with me...."DUH WINNING!".
5	Just visited for the first time and it was an absolute BLAST! Great girls night out. It was easy and so much fun. I was pretty impressed at how our paintings came out too! I am totally planning to come back to do this again soon!
5	This place is awesome! I came here last night for my sister's birthday party and we had a BLAST!The price includes a beverage and you can choose from a great selection. I had a yummy Pinot Grigio and I tasted my friend's sangria and it was delicious! They also had a nice spread of snacks for us as well - crackers and cheese, cupcakes, carmel corn, cookies...it was adorable.We just happened to come on Ladies Night and I highly recommend it. They have an awesome music playlist, a champagne toast, and prize giveaways! We also got a gift bag with nail polish, nail file, cute owl magnets, and coupons for cupcakes and body wraps. There were also vendors there (a body wrap company and origami owl jewelry). Fantastic!The instruction was easy to follow and our instructor was up beat and encouraging. She came around to answer any questions and give positive feedback. The staff was amazing as well. They were all really warm, friendly, and helpful. I can't wait to come back. Seriously, what is better than painting while having wine with your girlfriends?! It's so relaxing and FUN. Brilliant business idea!The Brush Bar is a MUST do!
5	Love love love this idea!Now, I am no Van Gogh, but it was so fun getting out of your comfort zone and painting a picture... while sipping on a mimosa! The staff is awesome, and they don't expect you to know what you're doing (bonus!). They have a teacher there that walks you thru creating your masterpiece one step at a time. This is an awesome date night event or just to go and have some fun with the girls. Definitely worth trying!
5	For someone artistically challenged, I felt like Picasso over here :) The staff really walks you through step-by-step and makes the painting WAY more manageable than you would ever first expect.  The first alcoholic beverage free doesn't hurt either :) My funky wine bottle painting is hung proudly above our wine rack AND I won a free painting night while there!! Friends and I will be going back for their bottle painting night .... without instruction so let's see if I'm as successful as the first night :)
5	Painting while drinking?! Quite the combo, huh?! It's perfect! Alcohol relaxes you and allows your inner artsy side to flow through the bristles of the brush! Haha! This place is really wonderful! I've been a few times and had a pleasant experience each time! I feel it's a bit costly at $40/class! You do get to select the time and day of the painting you actually like, so pick wisely! I have been very impressed with my final result every time, and I would never say I'm an "artist". The instructors are very friendly, informative and patient. Never felt rushed or really had too many questions. It was so nice to watch the instructor do the strokes first and that I was surprisingly able to follow along. Makes sure you book well in advance because most of their classes are sell outs! This is such a great time for all ages!
4	Realllyy fun! I went on a mimosa morning and they provided one drink and complimentary coffee and pastries. The teacher went at a good pace, painting was so fun, and being able to bring it home is awesome. It is great alone or with a buddy, but would also be a great place for a team bonding event or birthday party.My one qualm was that the instructor kept pushing us to buy drinks. It was really annoying and he kept trying to sell us. It's morning and I'm here to paint fish, not drink like one!
3	I love my picture, and when I was here, I had a great time. I love to paint and had a lot of fun, but 5 stars for the place and instruction is a bit much (at least for my experience).The people are great with pleasant attitudes. But the place is small and jammed in - is very humid and smells very strongly like mold. In addition, the painting instruction was not so good. The artist simply did not instruct. He just sat up there painting - saying do what I do. We did leaves on a tree and he still did not tell us the tips about pressure and using specific brushes. And we blended the background, but he did not instruct us on blending techniques either. I had fun, but I was disappointed. $40.00 is a lot of money to spend and I at least want a little bit of instruction.Plus the place was uncomfortable, HOT and humid and it smelled :( I'd love to keep doing this, but just not here.Sorry guys. You are friendly, but feel short for me.
5	Went here for first time in Oct 2013 and had a fantastic time!Attended through a Meetup.com event so it was a fun group. We were reserved for a Sunday (I believe?) morning and had muffins/scones, and oodles of wine/champs. Everything was laid out perfectly - down to easels, canvas, assorted brushes, and pallet w/a buffett of colors to snag.The instructor has a headpiece on so her voice is amplified the entire time throughout the studio - genius! She's leading us very carefully and treating us like the mere amateurs we are. Also fab! On this particular day, we were to produce a bowl of Autumn harvest veggies. Not a super-great choice, but I was still super-stoked! The instructor was great - she was very clear and even got off of her little stage and walked through the room in interactive way guiding and praising where needed. NOTE: She LOVED my carrots. ;) The alcohol helps, not only is it fun, but it lowered my inhibitions thus made better art. Makes sense, right?Then, it was over and everyone took group pictures. It was sooo much fun!I will be back - BB! This time, I'm taking my mama to try.
5	I celebrated my birthday here in March, and it was a lot of fun! We painted the Calm Tree. The staff and instructor of the class were very helpful, informative, and polite and all the members in our party of 6 were very impressed with the class. I would highly recommend the Brush Bar for anyone looking for something different to do around Scottsdale!
5	What a fun experience! I highly recommend this as a girls-night-out (or) as a date night activity. My mom was visiting from out of town and I was looking for something original that we could do together that was a little on the crafty side. I had heard buzz about The Brush Bar from a couple friends at work earlier this year and recalled them saying what fun it was. So, I figured....why not give it a go! When we arrived, the hostess gave us the run down of how it all worked, since we were a little early we grabbed a drink and a cookie and sat to chat. Once everyone had arrived we started class, it is very non-formal which is great because painting should be fun. The instructor was charismatic and was great to explain things to basic level without making you feel like dumb-dumb. The option was given at the start to paint/follow along with the painting of the evening or do your own thing. Even though everyone pretty much painted the peacock (since that was the class we signed up for) it was interesting to see all the different ways people saw & painted the picture. I was pleasantly surprised at how fun and easy they made this experience. My painting was no Picasso so I won't be leaving my day job, but I would definitely recommend the experience to any level of painter.  Go enjoy a drink or two and paint with friends, you really will have a great time!
5	What a fun place to go to and great atmosphere. I had a blast painting and sipping on wine.  The instructor was awesome too! I'm definitely coming back.
5	I came here with 5 coworkers and we had a blast! It was a great activity to do with a group of people, or on a date night. They had a specific painting that everyone was painting, as the instructor gave direction. I was happy that they encouraged me to do my own piece if I wanted, I'm glad there weren't too many rules. I'd absolutely go again!
5	Brush Bar is AWESOME! I have been here 3 times now and they have always delivered a super fun time! It's a great event for any group, as I've been here for a friend's birthday, date night with my fiance and team building with my employees. All of the instructors are fun, helpful, and completely supportive of testing your own artistic limits. They have a great cocktail selection, a super cute boutique, and the whole room set up is spacious and inspiring with all the fun artwork hanging around you.I recommend Brush Bar to anyone looking for a fun activity whether it's with family, friends, or coworkers!
5	Wife and I had date night there a while back and had a lot of fun.  We painted Van Gogh's Sunflowers while sipping mimosas and chatting with our fellow classmates.  Very friendly atmosphere, and welcoming to the unskilled newbie painter.
5	The brush bar is so much fun. I went there with my girlfriend to paint a rooster. Never been to a place like this, so I did not think I could do it. I had a blast!  The artists are all young and so much fun they make learning easy. One of the artists stands in front of the class and step-by-step shows you how to draw what you need to draw.  By the  end of the class everyone has a rooster all different but all really good.  Would I go back, you bet as soon as I can I think this place is wonderful.
5	When I first found out we were going to have a team building outing at this place I was a bit nervous, I can't paint!  But with the step by step directions, it was easy!  We listened to music, drank wine and painted!  We really did have a fabulous time!
5	Love this place! My gf invited me, she registered but I waited a couple days and the class was full :( I called to see if there was any way to get in and they were kind enough to get me in with my gf. When I arrived the woman who greeted me was very kind (she turned out to be the instructor, and I was completely impressed with her demonstration and charisma). The place was packed and the space was a bit tight, but we had a really fun time drinking wine and getting creative (with guidance!). My only criticism was that the music was very loud between the instructor's demonstrations and made it really difficult to talk with my friend, but it was good music so not a real problem :) Can't wait to go again, thinking we'll try the open studio with my boys soon!
5	We went here for a non traditional Wednesday date night.  Booked the class online a couple weeks back.  When you arrive you are greeted by friendly staff who take you to your seats, you  receive a drink voucher (first drink is included). The instructions are very clear and they give you lots of time to put our own personality into the paintings.  The instructor was very helpful and clear.  Overall a very fun night out for my fiance and I.  Now we are able to add personalized home decor to our condo! I definitely recommend this for date nights!
5	I've been to the Brush Bar twice now and Iove it! The instructors are great - they are patient and very helpful. The first drink being free definitely helps the creative process too!
5	I was here tonight for the saguaro starry night. My boyfriend and I had the best time! Thank you April..  Lauren was a great art teacher. Our paintings came out so beautifully! The drink choices are delightful and it is such a friendly atmosphere that we never felt awkward getting up for more drinks, paint, or bathroom breaks! Timing was perfect and I can't wait to hang out pieces of art. We will be back
5	This was an amazing experience! The staff is so nice! I love the cookies! Had a blast!
5	FUN, FUN, FUN! I celebrated my birthday here this year and it was a hit! Between the wine, the paint and the music selection there was nothing missing! We painted "A Night in Paris," and as difficult as we thought it would be the turn out was amazing. They really know how to instruct you step by step to create something great! Definitely will be back, thanks again for letting me squeeze my friend in!
5	I don't ever leave a review on yelp, but had to for Brush Bar, Today I took my daughter & two friends Eleven years old to Brush Bar they had a great time, thanks to the patience from the girls up front & instructor. They enjoyed the Shirley temples also.  Great memories made today.Thank you so much
5	This place rocks! Always a good time and the paintings I love are on my wall at home. Whether its a class or on open studio, every time I've been the teachers and Gia are always so helpful and encouraging. Will definitely continue to come here and recommend to friends!
5	I went with my uncle, brother, and cousins and we had so much fun! The last painting class we participated in was hosted inside of an Italian restaurant. It was very awkward because half of the restaurant was reserved for painting and the other half had regular customers trying to enjoy their dinner. I actually love that this place has its own studio and is designated for painting! The gift shop and mini bar are pluses as well! We went on a Thursday night so our reservation was only $30/person and it came with one drink voucher. It seems pricy, but it is well worth it for the unlimited supply of paint, step by step instructions, and unbelievable fun!
