5	Best Mexican Restaurant in Champaign/Urbana area. This is my college favorite. The menu is great. They give free chips and salsa to start you off. I love the vegetarian option E. It is mouth watering. It had the most succulent mushrooms, beans and rice inside, topped with a nice creamy cheese sauce. The rice is so moist and not dry like most Mexican restaurants. The margaritas are huge and great as well. The portions are huge as well. You can't miss this place. You have to try it. Highly Recommended. If you don't, you are missing out big time! Oh and did I mention, its super cheap!
3	This dos is pretty great for a quick lunch when you're on campus but you don't want to eat lunch on campus, especially for habitual beckman cave people like myself.  I had the enchiladas nortenas today and have no regrets.  It does get crazy nuts busy during lunch, full of beckman faculty and grad students and other individuals who occasionally have seen the sun in the past six months. I can't really tell the difference between dos, el toro, and el torero, but this dos is at least as quick, cheap, and tasty at stuffing almost unidentifiable white cheese into various starches and serving them PIPING!  HOT! as the other mexican restaurants in town.
5	I told my brother to go to school here instead of some other unnamed Big Ten School's on the sole purpose that when I visit him I can come back and get a burrito bravo.  I didn't go to U of I, I went to the much more rowdy Big Ten School just outside of Chicago, but when I would visit friends I would eat here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I think I got in a fight once, because someone we were with didn't want to eat there.  Anyways if you're a student at U of I and you haven't been there then shame on you!
4	I was surprised by the quality of service we received here!  My drink never had a chance to get empty, and we were checked on often enough but without feeling like our privacy was being invaded.  I ordered the vegetarian combo with a cheese enchilada & a bean tostada with refried beans & rice.  All of it was way saltier than I like, but it wasn't inedible.  And consistency-wise, the enchiladas could learn something from the overly-pureed beans; I needed a knife for the former and could have used a spoon on the latter.  I had a bite of my boyfriend's chile relleno, and it was okay but not what I'm used to from taquerias in Chicago.  The complimentary chips and salsa were great.. perfectly light crispy chips and the salsa with pico de gallo in it was really good.  If the rest of the food was as good as the chips & salsa, they'd get a 5 star rating.  Everything was very reasonably priced.   The restaurant itself was bright, colorful & clean.
4	Dos Reales has always been great whenever I've gone there.  Service is always fantastic.  The food comes out fast and the waiters usually refill your drinks, chips, and salsa really speedily.  Also, one time my friend's mom had our waiter write down a bunch of Spanish swear words (she's a teacher and has some Spanish-speaking students) and he complied.  I think the guy got a pretty generous tip for that.Their food is real cheap and delicious, too, especially the combos.  I always get the number 11: enchilada, burrito, and a taco for about $6.50.  Tasty!  Admittedly, I haven't tried many of the other items on the menu because the combinations are just such a great deal.
2	Everyone likes Dos except for me it seems, which is a shame since it's cheap, near campus, and the service is good. What can I say? The meat quality reminds me of The Jungle, the "spicy" sauces are incredibly bland, and everything seems to be soaked in puce-colored refried beans. The hilarious thing is how every item on the menu is pretty much the same...there is very little difference between the tacos, the burritos, the tamales, or anything else. Entrees are a lot better than the specials. The carne asada tacos, while very much not carne asada, are OK. The ambiance can be summed up with a description of the walls: pink and orange sponge paint. Dos Reales has a lot of loyal fans, but I prefer El Charro or Los Amigos.
1	Bland Vomit. Vomit served in a variety of ways at Dos Reales. I can't believe anyone likes this place.If you like this place, you either a) don't know the meaning of flavorful Mexican food or b) have no taste buds and can't wait to have nasty diarrhea in a few hours.
2	I don't know why so many people are raving about the food at Dos Reales. My roommate are crazy about this place! I think the food is just ordinary. For some reason, their food tastes the same to me, whether it's chimichanga, burritos, or tacos. I had their temales and they were overly cheesy to a point where it felt gross eating it. Yuck!
3	I like Dos Reales.  As a vegan they have a few options, and this has gotten better since they added black beans.  My only complaint is that they are inconsistent.  I usually get the veggie burrito with black beans and no cheese.  Sometimes the mushrooms have this wonderful flavoring.  Other times they are flavorless.  The difference between the two is a good burrito or a mediocre one.  They offer great free chips/salsa.  They are *very* fast, especially at lunch.  Although they can be backed up then too.
5	I heart this place and go every time I return to UIUC.  (Which is becoming harder to do as I get older...)The food is delicious and what makes me want to come back.  The vegetarian combos are particularly good, too.  Mom & pop-style Mexican food - none of that Chili's/Chipotle nonsense.Service is prompt and your food is there before you know it.  My imagination leads me to believe that there is a Dos Reales Pit Crew that is timed from order to table delivery.  Prices are reasonable and it's great for groups.  And the margaritas, oh the margaritas. =)
2	Meh.Or in Spanish: Que meh!Seriously, I've now been to both Dos Reales, and while you can chat it up in Spanish with the sweet staff that work there, and you can enjoy a decent margarita, this is Midwestern pseudoMexican food at its blandest and least inspired.  And fried and cheese-dunked.  Next.
2	i always give every restaurant a second chance, but after last night's second chance with dos reales, i have to say i agree on so many points with the rest of the posters--why the eff do people rave about this place?the food is seriously bland, and it's almost like everything on the menu is just a version of something else on the menu. so there's really not many options, even though the menu looks huge. good points are that it's cheap, and that the first time i went, the margarita was strong as hell (not so the second time--i had two and wasn't even buzzed). the cheese dip is good, and the staff is always friendly. even so, though, none of these make up for the quality of the food. sorry. i really wanted to like you, dos reales, but it jut ain't happenin'.
3	Dos is pretty good, as far as cheap Mexican food goes.  It's certainly heads-and-shoulders over La Bamba, which is possibly the most disgusting place I've ever eaten, but that's not saying a whole lot.I actually go to Dos fairly frequently, because it's close, it's cheap, and at the end of the day, it's pretty solid.  Yeah, I pay for it a couple hours later, but that's most Mexican food for you.The chips and salsa are good, nothing special.  They serve two kinds: one that has chopped vegetables in it, and the other that's like a paste.  If you ask, they'll just refill whichever one you prefer.The menu is decent, except almost everything comes absolutely smothered in cheese sauce.  Some people love it, but I get sick of it.  Make sure you get beans: for whatever reason, they're tasty here, and I *hate* beans.All-in-all, not pricey, decent food, and usually pretty quick service.  If you're staying around campus, this is a good place to eat.
4	Um, this place is a tradition - a staple for all graduating UIUC folk like myself.  I didn't fully appreciate it when I was there. Senior year, I started going more often, to partake in the insanely cheap margaritas and filling, hearty Mexican food.  Now, whenever I visit my campus, I return to get my fill of the deliciousness.Seriously, coming from Chicago, you can NOT get food this cheap/tasty anywhere in the city.  Seriously, you can't!  I think my friends and I spent about $12 each - that's dinner for everyone, plus 1/4 of a 60 oz flavored margarita pitcher.  Come on now, what a steal!It's actually pretty tasty too.  I looooove their tamales.  The bean burritos are pretty good too, and as soon as I bite into that familiar salsa, I melt.  The margaritas are always delicious, though sometimes they are stronger than others.  Service is usually very friendly and quick.  It's like memories covered in chile sauce with a side of beans and rice.  Dos Reales, I'll always love you.
4	Dos Reales offers tasty non-authentic Mexican food. I get the Enchiladas Supremas combo every time. I don't know whether the cheesy enchilada sauce is real cheese or not, but it tastes delicious.At Dos Reales, you get your food within six minutes, the portions are large and consistent, and the food prices are ridiculously cheap. Dos Reales is NOT romantic, doesn't offer authentic Mexican food, and probably uses cheap ingredients. For me, that is perfect, because I don't go there on dates, I like non-authentic Mexican food, and I don't expect high quality for $7.50. That said, I always enjoy my meal.Among the majority of mediocre restaurants located in the UIUC campus area, Dos Reales stands out as being great.
5	While visiting Ryan he took me her since he knows i could eat mexican food every single day. It was packed when we came in but suprisingly we only had a five minute wait. The waiter immediatley came over and asked us if we would like something to drink, and came back as soon as we put our menus down to take our order. We were by no means rushed- you can tell they just know how to run a restaurant and run it extremely well.Their salsa is delicious and they are generous with their chips- but the best part is the prices, holy cow are they reasonable. Ryan got a burrito bigger than my dog and it was only $7.95! I got the flautas and they were deep fried to perfection while the chicken was moist and delicious inside. While eating the lemon fell off my cup and onto the floor and the next second the waiter brought me over a plate of lemon slices- how impressive!!The portions are enormous, but incredibly delicious and extremely budget friendly. I wish we had room for dessert- I'll definitely try it next time.
2	Pros: Cheap, huge portions, friendly staff.Cons: This is not the best C-U has to offer as far as Mexican food. What I ordered: First visit- enchiladas verdes (chicken) with a side of beans. The salsa verde was bland- notably lacking in onion, garlic, cilantro, and salt. The chicken was seasoned with a sweet and smoky tomato sauce... the smoke flavor overpowered the salsa verde, tortillas, cheese, and cream. They use sour cream, not Mexican crema, which was disappointing. The beans were lacking in flavor. I don't know if they were canned or if they were boiled in water without onion, garlic, etc. Second visit: steak tacos and rice. The tacos were so greasy- it was as if the meat was deep fried and then they poured two tablespoons of oil in the taco. I asked for a flour tortilla, expecting (hoping!) for a good flour tortilla, unfortunately it wasn't any better than the store-bought flour tortillas in the refrigerator section, having that unmistakable preservative taste. Bottom line: Probably fine if you just want nachos and margaritas and don't know good Mexican food...but head elsewhere for non-Americanized fare.
4	Good food, extremely fast service, really helpful waiters, great chips and salsa.  I love going back to this place and i can get a filling meal plus leftovers for under $8.  Definitely recommend it!
4	Dos Reales was my favorite Mexican restaurant in the C-U area (as well as one of my favorite restaurants period) when I lived there a couple of years ago. This had a lot to do with the price point. Without fail, you can always get an entire meal at Dos for under $10. That is including drink and tip. What's even more amazing is the amount of food they give you for how little you pay. First, they start you out with free unlimited chips and salsa. Then, I would always chuckle to myself when they brought out my giant quesadilla I paid ~$3 for. I always felt like I was ripping them off...The thing that really put this place over the top for me though was when we went there for a friend's birthday. They were incredibly nice and gave him a free margarita and tequila shot. Can't beat that!
3	Dos Reales is a good place for decent Mexican food. The prices are in line with what you'd expect. They have a wide variety, and they are walkable from campus.I go regularly for lunch and always get the fajitas or fajita salad. There's always plenty of leftovers to take home.
3	Pros: Really cheap, lots of food, strong margaritas Cons: Average Mexican food, ran out of ice cream Ordered the enchiladas supremas, which were tasty and came out in under 15 minutes. That's OK because I needed time do down the margarita. The food was OK and the drink was strong. For dessert we wanted fried ice cream, but they ran out of ice cream! WHAT! Otherwise it was a good experience. In a close call I think I like Toro better, which is across town.
4	This place is pretty awesome. The ambience is cute, the service is friendly and incredibly fast, and the food is good and really affordable. I've never been dissapointed by anything I've ever ordered here.I have no idea what "real" Mexican food tastes like having been born and raised here in the midwest but from what I've had of Mexican food this is one of the places I like best.
5	For the price it's amazing. I've never had food I haven't liked here. A huge selection of dishes to choose from and really fast service. 5 stars.
4	This is definitely one of the best Mexican places in Champaign. The food and drinks are very inexpensive and the portions are generous. It is a bit scary how fast the food comes out, and has always worried my friends and I just a bit. However, when we're hungry and it tastes delicious, we seem to forget all about our worries. The service is always great. Also, if you want to drink there and the weather is nice, it's not a bad walk from campus.
