4	I eat there fairly often, and I would have to say that I keep going back because the portion sizes are good, and the prices are decent.  The menu selection  varies - the current one doesn't have as many options that I enjoy as the last version of their menu did, but it's due for a change soon, so I expect to find some new favorites again.  They make a great calamari - I must have had it seven times, on only once did I not like it (over cooked).Service is usually prompt, although it is much slower outside of rush hours.  The up side to going outside of busy times is that it's much quieter - in fact, don't go on a major sports night....  there will be a lot more noise and lots of cheering (or boo-ing) depending on how the home team does.
3	so, i was in montreal for a project i'm working on with a bunch of dudes from my firm's other office.  all ages, all lifestyles.  basically, we had to go with lowest common denominator for dinner.  which ended up being this place.it reminded me of a bennigans or max and ermas.  you know, big menu, decent food, decent drink menu, terrible music.we were there an hour and a half and all they played was britney spears.  my burger was overcooked (actually, was not even given an option when i ordered) but the sweet potato fries were good and the wait staff was nice enough, albeit slow.they did have my the twin of my elvis bust in clear view of my table though, so it made me feel at home.overall:  good for a general crowd pleaser, but i wouldn't go back if i had my way.
3	Its the Canadian TGIF.My last day in Montreal and decided to leave the city and head to the burbs.Again is like TGIF, the person that sits you seems not to even give a F$#% about the people and just puts you anywhere. They have free wifi and we asked for the code and she said they dont have wifi, mind you we had already logged into the rest site and it asked for a code free of charge and it said to ask her. The waitress was more pleasant and tried to accommodate us since the first person was kind of a snob.I had fajitas and poutine, i ate everything of my plate the rest didnt like the food so much. Some said it was cold others overcooked etc.Maybe its a hit or miss place so keep that in mind.
5	Our favorite stop off the island.  Best on Friday or Saturday night when things are hopping and the staff and kitchen keep things fresh and moving. Great spirit, perfect garlic pan, rest of food is good and pretty straight forward. You will never find the free wifi they promise, but the menu is big and varied and you can get a bit of a line on some nights. Hopping bar, hockey is always on.
4	Pretty good food frites were off the grid and the service was ok. Not the best, but not the worst either. ( I guess maybe because there were a lot of customers but then again it wasn t full.)Also, there weren t that many choices of meals you could pick.  Bottom line, I will recommend this restaurant. I was very sasitfied in general.
4	A typical bar joint. I only had some fries with soup. Not horrible or extremely outstanding, but okay enough to have over drinks. However their nachos dish is really yummmy. I love their fat sized drinks and the bar. Servers are always happy dappy, and overall environment chill. A neat place to come hit late at night
2	I used to go to this place mainly for my oldest son's birthday back in the days. I always enjoyed it. But you can tell when things are on the down swing and they are cutting corners. I always remembered their chicken wings. But they were good and nice size. No more!!!I was looking for something healthy on the menu and I struggled. Really struggles so I ordered the Chick magnet, Was small which was fine with me with a large salad but both pretty tasteless. I must say service was excellent. And really put my daughter on the spot singing to her "Happy Birthday".Decor has been the same for ever. We sat in the Elvis shrine. lol....
