4	I'm on a Korean food binge!Bulgogi Korean Taco has apparently been around since October of 2013, but as I've been out of town for almost a year, I haven't had a chance to try it until today. I ordered the chicken bibimbap burrito because I was feeling like meat&rice. Although the burrito was delicious, the burrito didn't scream 'bibimbap' to me. It was missing a few ingredients that I consider a staple of a good bibimbap: carrots, spinach, and mushrooms. I was actually overwhelmed by the amount of bean sprouts and kimchi (which is NOT typically included in a bibimbap) in the burrito. In retrospect, I probably should have grabbed a few squeezes of the kochujang sauce before I walked away from the food cart as well. Although the burrito is a must-try, don't expect it to be a bibimbap wrapped in a tortilla. In addition to the bibimbap burritos (which you can get with steak, tofu, or chicken), there are also bulgogi tacos and bulgogi salads. I'm not quite sure how I feel about a bulgogi salad, but I'd definitely be up for a bulgogi taco one of these days.
2	I ordered the Korean Steak Quesadillas. Generous in portion, but sad in flavor. I am a huge fan of Korean style cooking, well aside from kimchi. However, this place realy fell short for me. I was really expecting an amazing flavor from the food. Instead, I was met with slightly seasoned steak. I had a small pile of lettuce, tomatoes, kim chi and sweet and spicy sauce in addition to the three quesadillas.I really have nothing terrible to say, however, I have nothing great to rave about. It just tasted like an average grilled quesadilla.Bring cash, they prefer it. Very few people pay with card so the line goes fast.
5	I just love this cart!!  I'm not at all educated about Korea food, so I can't say anything about authenticity,  but their food is fabulous!  I think I would drive anywhere in Madison to get the bibimbap burrito.  Like bibimbap wrapped up with lettuce and tomato - you wouldn't think it would work but somehow it does.
3	For a food truck it's definitely one of the better ones.  I had the steak bulgogi tacos.  3 are in the order, I tried one plain, one with hot sauce, and one with the extra hot sauce.  I think Gochujang was written on the bottle which is a hot bean paste.  Unfortunately it was watered down compared to what's in my fridge.  Which I guess is necessary to have it in a ketchup squeeze bottle.  So far from hot, more like mild or added flavoring.  The Kimchi was definitely watered down, and the bulgogi seemed to lack a traditional flavor to it.  All in all it still tasted good, just not what I was hoping for from a place with Korean written on the side.    .
5	I had the bulgogi tacos the other day at the Capital Square location. They are 3 for $7 and that's plenty even for a healthy appetite. (get corn tortillas)...They were freshly made and just a tremendous blend of Asian flavors. I think they put the basic Mexican taco (which I love), to shame. Think I'll go back tomorrow!
