5	I saw Dr. Keeling-Johnson and was very impressed with all aspects of my care.  The whole facility seemed well run and worth trusting with my health.
5	I recently had to have surgery and I chose this place because of a strong recommendation for Dr. Buckmire. And I have to say, he was wonderful. He explained everything to me so I completely understood, and was kind and attentive. His staff are all wonderful too. I highly recommend him and this office.
1	I had my gall bladder removed in 2012 by DR Jennifer Reitz who is out of their Gilbert office.  She did a great job with that surgery and in the process found a hernia that needed to be taken care of.  Moving forward to Oct of 2013 I find out that I need a hysterectomy I wanted to hernia done at the same time so I would only need to recover from surgery once.  She agreed to the surgery and was great until it was determined my wound was not healing. She went back in and cleaned it up--but did not address a seroma that was under to mesh she had placed.  I have this mesh with an infection under it that she places a wound vac on and cannot figure out why I am in so much pain.  The end result was my demanding the wound vac be removed.  Then DR Reitz in cohoots with Amy from Cozy Home Care decided I was suicidal and that something needed to be done with the wound.  She called me and told me to come to Mercy Gilbert where I was to be a direct admit.  Come to find out she did not have the authority to do this and I ended up going through the ER where she handed me to a group of animals who physically assaulted me and then I was thrown against my will on a psych hold.  Had all of my personal belongings taken away including my underwear.  She responds with a "I didn't mean to do that"  Problem is the damage is done.  Do not trust this woman...she is lazy or was too lazy to do a cat scan to find the darn inection.
5	This office was recommended by my primary care doctor. The office was well run with hardly any wait time. Dr. Oh was personable and thorough in my pre-op evaluation. It's been a month since my surgery and I'm recovering just fine. There are a lot of doctors in this office. My experience with Dr. Oh was a positive one.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Lawrence Damone at this surgery group.  I had 2 hernias repaird and was totally satisfied with their professionalism and patient care.
1	DON'T GO HERE!!! I went to see Dr. Carrie Cashman, after finding a lump in my breast. I had already had a hand test and ultrasound at other places. I had my appointment and was told NOTHING that I didn't already know, after waiting almost 2 hours to see the doctor and I arrived early. She made a guess at what she thought it was and gave me my options, biopsy, surgery if it's cancerous etc. Already was told that but ok. I asked for the prices of removal which she then proceeded to give me phone numbers and told me to call them and ask, really they can't even call for me? But ok, let it go. Finally I go to pay, told them I didn't have insurance and would be paying out of pocket, she told me it was 130, I paid and left, nothing else was said. It's been a month and I just got a bill in the mail for 115 dollars from them! They did not once say the appointment was 243 and they'd be splitting it up or absolutely anything of the sort! They are literally trying to steal my money and have done absolutely nothing! If I could give them 0 stars I would. I will not be having my surgery done through this business.
