5	This is a fantastic running store.  I went in yesterday and spent an hour talking with Todd who helped me find the perfect pair of running shoes.  I have gone into a number of running stores around Madison and no one has spent as much time and effort to find out the troubles I was having and how to help me so that I can continue to run safely and successfully.  I would highly recommend this store.
5	Knowing full well we were going in simply intending to look, Curtis took the time to sit down with my girlfriend and I, measured both of our feet, looked at our stride, the movement of our feet/ankles/arches as we walked/ran and discussed what types of shoes we need to be looking for and why without ever ONCE trying to "sell" me anything.Let me say that again.  After telling him we were just looking, he took a LOT of time to help us know what to look for and didn't once try to sell us on so much as a shoelace. Their service to us "lookers" was outstanding and I can't recommend them highly enough.  As it so happens, we bought a pair of running shoes and the service had a LOT to do with that.  Because of Curtis and his service, we will be buying from them again...and again...and any other time we have a running related purchase to buy.  I would gladly pay more for this service, but I didn't.  The prices were spot on with everywhere else.  Thank you!  We'll be seeing you again.
5	I visited Fleet Feet today and was absolutely blown away by the fantastic selection and friendly staff. I came in looking for new running shoes, and Julie spent about 25 minutes examining my stride, measuring my feet, and inquiring about my running style to help me make the best selection possible. She was super knowledgable and suggested several options for me, evening offering to order a pair for me if I wanted a different color. The employees are clearly engaged in the running community - I overhead several of them talking about their recent races and they suggested that I look into joining a running group in Madison (I may just do it!). This store isn't huge but has a large selection of both shoes and accessories. I picked up some new running tights, too, and tried them out today - they're great! Prices are competitive with other running stores, and if you have GHC insurance, you get an extra $10 off shoes in addition to getting your insurance reimbursement. I will be back!
5	Fleet feet has been absolutely fantastic! Every time I visit this store the people that work there have been so incredibly helpful.I first visited fleet feet in September looking for a wet suit for a 30 hour adventure race and they were so helpful in finding me one that fit and worked well for the rave that I was doing. I have also bought some clothing from them and it has held up nicely. If you have any questions they are very helpful and know all the answers. They even went out of their way to gift wrap a present for Christmas which was so helpful! I will be returning here for all my racing needs and with their rewards program it's hard not to.
5	Great place in madison for gait analysis. The staff will really take their time with you. Hands down best running store ever!
5	The Fleet Feet Sports Madison is the best! Their staff is beyond Professional they are Phenomenal! My husband and I are in our 60's and we do not run but we work and walk. Thanks to Gretchen and Curtis our feet feel comfortable, supported and classy. I had a problem with a pair of shoes I purchased a year ago and Curtis exchanged them! Wow! and Gretchen remembered my husband and what works for him (no easy feat ... play on words .. lol), The shoes, the clothing, the assessories and the store itself is clean, displayed nicely, and accomodating for customers to look, try on and purchase. We are from the Land of 10 Thousand Lakes (MN) and we only purchase our running/walking/tennis shoes from Curtis and his staff! Thank you!
