2	I entered Shabu Fondue this evening anticipating a fun and filling meal. While fondue is always fun, I found this particular meal was lacking in the filling department. My husband and I ordered the cheese course for two (swiss and emmenthal cheeses with white wine and lemon), which was really delicious with apple slices and bread chunks. We followed up with steak and chicken (served with a selection of vegs and a hot, seasoned chicken broth). In retrospect, we should have given this course a miss and ordered more of the cheese! The cheese course cost us $13.00 for two (portion size was very small), while the ribeye cost $15.95 and the chicken $14.95 (all prices exclusive of taxes). We both definitely felt that we would have been better off eating at The Melting Pot because, while it is more expensive, it offers better value -- bigger portions, a larger selection of meats and seafood, more choices in regards to cooking methods (oils and different kinds of broths), and fixed price menus for groups with 2+ people. The atmosphere at Shabu was also lacking. A restaurant's quality can often be measured by how many covers it has in an evening. On the day after Christmas Day a restaurant should be buzzing. Shabu was nearly empty.I will say that our server was quite excellent, though. She was attentive and a great conversationalist. If the food we had consumed had been to the same standard, I would definitely have rated this restaurant with 5 stars.
4	I lived in France for a few years, and I'm a bit of a cheese snob.I found the cheese here to be much, much better than Melting Pot.I do have to agree with the other reviewer in that it really was quite expensive, and each time I've visited the place was nearly empty.....
2	This place is quite expensive, for a fondue experience that was kind of lacking. We had the Margarita cheese fondue, which was pretty good (soft pretzels, OMG), then he had shrimp and chicken, while I went with prime rib. His was soooooo boring. Mine was ok. The broth was forgettable, but the horseradish sauce was really good. My breath, not so much, but it made the meat much more interesting. Decent assortment of veggies, but I felt like I was in Munchkinland, with the portions. The dessert... well, who can go wrong with chocolate and caramel? Only chocolate and peanut butter would have topped that. The service was... mmmm, well, I went with my standard 18%. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good. It just was. Two stars for the experience falling way short of the usual fondue expectation, and for having to stop and get a something to munch afterwards.
5	I've done the Shabu Fondue more times than I can count!  Usually, I order a cheese fondu for myself, and my main man gets a Shabu dish.  They both apply the same concepts... dip something fresh into something very hot and cook it yourself with long sticks.  Mm!  I've tried all the cheese fondues, and the Swiss is my favorite.  That smell is unforgettable.  I've tried all the Shabu sauces too, and they're all pretty strong, so they season those boring vegetables right up.  The cocktail menu should not be over-looked.  The caramel apple martini is the best!!!  Now the chocolate fondue....  Oh it's so good!  They serve it with marshmallows, fruit and even a slice of cheesecake to dip in!  For a very small price, you can also add a shot of liquor.  (I personally always add a shot of Bailey's to add some flavor.)  This is a PERFECT date restaurant, and it's not bad for groups either.  The dcor is pretty rad too.  The portions are healthy, but it only works if you end the dinner with the chocolate...
5	I took my less adventurous daughter here one evening because I personally love fondue ever since I first had it in Switzerland.  She said she wasn't that hungry and didn't want "the works" so we just got the Swiss cheese fondue and the dessert fondue.  It was more than enough--we had to take some of the chocolate home to finish later!  Both were as delicious as I hoped and the service was very good.  We sat at a counter rather than a table but that's fun to do once in awhile.  I have no complaints.  We intended to come back here before I returned to San Diego but there were so many fun little restaurants to try that we just never made it back.  Maybe next trip!
4	I'm a huge fondue fan and I really enjoyed Shabu Fondue.  I've been to The Melting Pot and preferred the ambiance of Shabu Fondue better.  It's more quaint and cozy.  The food was delicious; the sauces were flavorful and I was full!  It's a bit pricey, however, it was worth it.
2	I was a bit disappointed in the experience as a whole.  The food was meh, desert was pretty good, but way overpriced for what we got and not made for a big guy.  I've done fondue and been well full and satisfied, just not this time and not for what we spent.  Had the bread, vegetable cheese appetizer and the chicken, shrimp, and steak main.  Sauces were excellent, broth was meh again.  Desert is kinda hard to screw up but the chocolate was oily and clumpy, didn't melt well.  The scenery was excellent and decor is what a modern restaurant should be. I won't be back but try it yourself.
3	The first time I went, the husband and I took my mom when she was in town and I didn't get a great over all impression. In fact, I was slightly disappointed. Our server took FOREVER between courses. There is a difference in taking time to let us enjoy our experience since fondue IS an experience, not just a regular dinner but this was over the top. Also... my silverware was dirty and I had to send it back and request a new set. Ick. We decided to try it again being that the last time we went it was rather late on a Sunday night. Our second experience was better but they still took a long time to switch out fondue pots and get us started on our next course. The food, once  you finally get it, has always been tasty. I order the beef and shrimp combo. The chocolate fondue desserts are very good and they offer a decent selection of fruits and such for it. I must say my best fondue experience was in California though... that place even topped The Melting Pot, which I love. I would say this place is a good alternative to the pricey Melting Pot, good for a date or a group of friends, not so great for a special dinner or anything. They have a nice bar and everything is a fair price.
1	******************* OUT OF BUSINESS! ******************* We wanted to go recently, and it was totally gone!
