5	The ice cream is all original recipes. They have vegan ice cream as well. It's the best boba place I've been to and the only one that's open til 2am. Really recommend you to stop by!
5	Wow, amazing place! I felt that I was in a place where I was really welcomed by the staff there. Incredibly nice, and the ice tea is amazing! There are some places like this but they are nowhere near my home nor near satisfactory to tasty drinks! Check them out! Really great people!
5	Just grand opening.  Many favorite ice cream, boba tea. No need to go far to Chinatown.  Support the local!
5	Delicious black sesame ice cream! Even better, boba with a scoop of ice cream was like the cherry to a sundae.
5	YUM! Tried this place last night with the fam, and everything we got was dee-lish! Everyone was so friendly and welcoming too. Will definitely be going back!
4	I visited this location for the first time and purchased two green tea smoothies with boba (the manager gave me the buy 1, get one free deal).  Manager is a pretty personable person and is willing to give you recommendations and samples.  You may need to try some flavors out as many of their asian flavors are different (black sesame seed, black raspberry, ginger).  I have only tried their green tea ice cream slush so far and it tastes very good.  Their boba is also soft and chewy--just the way I like it.  They also give out stampcards.Will be going back again to try their other flavors!
5	It was time. I was CRAVING a Root Beer Float.  A vegan one.  Off to the Perfect Scoop!  We drove by it, at first, because the sign was kinda hard to see.  It was night and we didn't really know what we were looking for.  We are warmly greeted when we walked in.  The owner was behind the counter and immediately showed us our options after hearing we are vegan.  Like, 6 different flavors.  I ordered my simple vanilla ice cream Root Beer Float right away!  Nooooo Root Beer :(. BUT, he sent another gentleman next door to buy a few.  Tragedy avoided.  He asked how thick or thin I liked it and whether I'd like it blended. Yes, blended.  This is the only way I'll do it from now on.  My husband scored the last vegan brownie.  Amazing.  A "taste" of one flavor, 3 scoops of another, AND a vanilla shake.  Holy Moly!  All delicious!  I'm not a sweets person, but I NEED to taste all the other flavors.  Will go back soon!
3	Upon review, I've only tried boba. I assume this place is a lot more known for their ice cream and I'm glad that something like this opened up two minutes away from where I live, which is great. While looking at the selection of tea, I was kind of hoping the milk tea selection would include my favorite: Honeydew, but instead, they only had it in slush form which was very disheartening for me. Instead, I ordered my backup Lychee green tea instead. Originally, I wanted to sit down and maybe enjoy my tea, but the decorations kind of turned me off from doing so.Service was A-okay. When I drank my tea, it wasn't too sweet. The large size was sufficient enough to be worth the amount I paid. I think it was around $4.06 or something.To me, nothing really stood out about the place, but it's a good enough place to get your fix if you're around the area. (It was kind of hard to see where the place was exactly, because currently, the sign wasn't lit up, but the business hours sure did.)What's nice is the place is open until 2AM, which is great if you have sudden ice cream urges late at night.I'll probably give the place a higher score once I try the ice cream. However, for now, again, this review is solely based on its tea.
5	Looove this place! Super friendly staff. They recommended the almond milk tea and ohhhh my..it is DELICIOUS! Must try! =)
5	My new sweet spot! Super friendly and welcoming. Best ice cream and Boba ever, fresh and homemade. I had a Thai iced tea with Boba and 2 scoops of Ice cream, The Vegan peanut butter chocolate chip and a scoop of the regular. WOW! I cant wait to go back it's so good. Also, they have NFL Sunday ticket so you can take the wife for some ice cream during halftime without worrying about missing a thing! This place is golden, a definite Go!
5	WOW this is by far the best selection of flavors and best tasting ice cream ever. I highly recommend this ice cream parlor, they have boba and are open til 2AM!
5	I just came here with my sister looking for a boba place and we came across this place. It was our first time coming here and the owner was there and he was really nice and helpful with us.  He gave us the buy one get one free boba drinks Specials and it was a pretty good deal, Especially how many we had ordered. It was also my first time trying out the vegan ice cream. He gave us a couple samples and my favorite taste was the vegan avocado. We had a long conversation about he's Business and I really like the energetic personality that they offer to their customer! Great Customer Service Guys...We will definitely go back here again =)
5	Best Boba Place in Southwest Vegas. Their Slushes with Boba are incredible. The owner told me he spent over a year perfecting the recipe. Been waiting for this place to open for months. Was definitely worth the wait ;-)
4	The tea, like my previous review stated was average at best. I decided to order a Passion Fruit Green Tea. Again, not too sweet, but average. This time however, I came for what the place is known for: its ice cream.They have 3 different categories for ice cream ranging from the Asian flavors: consisting of black sesame, green Tea, red Bean, lychee, pink guava, mango, and more to come.Vegan flavors consists of vanilla, mango, avocado, lychee, chocolate chip cookie peanut butter.Then finally regular flavors: killer chocolate, capuccino, chocolate peanut butter, banana chocolate chip and more. (These flavors are all based on the business card/stamp card that will add up to a large ice cream or boba in the store. Like usual places, it takes ten stamps to get one of these items.)They offer to let you try a sample of their ice cream before actually ordering, which is a plus, but I decided just to get the black sesame ice cream. You can definitely taste the sesame in the ice cream and there's a nice sweetness to it as well. In fact, I can definitely recommend this flavor to everyone who wants to try out unique flavors of ice cream. I even offered my roommate to take a bite and he also agreed that the flavor was unique, but good.What prevents a 5 star for the place is the fact that its boba tea is average at best. However, the score is definitely boosted by the ice cream. The scoop itself is nice and large, which definitely is a plus for someone with a sweet tooth like mine.After two tries with the boba however, I think I'll stick more with the ice cream and wait until my monthly trip to California to get boba while I'm there.Pluses:-Open until 2AM-Great selection of ice cream that's growing!-$3.00 for one scoop is reasonable. I think it's $5.00 for two and $7 for three, but I'm not too sure.-Nice employees-It's next to Lucky's for those who need a drunken ice cream binge.Minuses -My roommate said the place smelled like cat pee.-Average boba and tea.-A more casual area would help create a study environment for those who go to tea places in order to study.-The store's signs are still not lit up, but the hours sure are. (During the time of writing.)
5	Best ice cream I have yet to find in Vegas! The black sesame was awesome! The service was also genuinely friendly, which is rare come by these days.
3	Their taro ice cream is delish! As for the milk tea, ice only tried taro and jasmine. I like both. I think that depending on who makes it, one makes it better than the other. Will makes the jasmine milk tea the best. The jasmine I had today was bitter and the taro taste like water :(
5	amazing ice cream and boba! lots of choices! vegan products! nice people! and they're open late!
5	I always come here with my friends and finally decided to write a review. The ice cream is really good and it's all home made! They have various flavors ranging from vanilla to durian to vegan avocado. My personal favorites are black sesame, lychee, and pink guava. They also have milk teas, slushies, and hot teas if you aren't in the mood for ice cream. The staff is really friendly and will let you sample the flavors! Great customer service and a cool place to hang out.
5	Finally a boba place close to my house! If you don't already know, this is their second location, but everything is just as great! The customer service is excellent, they carry a ton of ice cream flavors, even durian! I really enjoy their green tea ice cream boba as well as the red bean boba. My favorite ice cream is green tea and mango. I love that they close at 2am, the perfect place to kick it late at night!
5	The black sesame ice cream is amazing!! And so is every flavor I made him let me try ommmmmm!
5	Butter Pecan and Banana Chocolate Milkshake... was amazing! It was a extra large cup and I was barely able to finish it. I also like the fact that they are selling Veg Out togo food. So if I need a quick, healthy  bite to eat.... at 2am in the morning... I know where to go!  I can't wait to try out all the other flavors and the boba next time. BTW - BOGO Bobo for Yelp checkin!!
5	Fantastic service.  The gentleman working went out of his way to make me a milk tea with almond milk.  Oh and the milk teas are definitely my favorite of any place I've had them.
5	Wow! Amazing place! The service is so excellent. They offered me samples and I fell in love with their ice cream! I'm definitely coming back! The ice tea is the best drinks too! I ordered a peach and kiwi green tea and man that was so good!
4	The Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea has been a frequent spot for us since their opening in mid-October. What makes it an even sweeter visit is their Yelp Check-In Special: Buy One Boba, Get One Free. I'm not a boba fan personally, but if Will (one of the owners) is working, he will honor the BOGO special on other items! And since I'm a milkshake fan, I've been loving the opportunity to check in here!Their specialty is their homemade ice cream...vegan flavors and Asian flavors are the standouts here. Unique flavors like ginger, durian, lychee, black sesame, and pink guava are ones that can catch your attention.  My favorite thing to get so far is their Green Tea milkshake with almond milk. (You can choose whole milk or soy too.). However, call in advance to inquire about your favorite flavors as they tend to run out since they don't have a large back stock. (I've been there on three separate occasions and called on two different days and they were still out of the green tea ice cream.  It was very frustrating, especially for this pregnant mama who had this need!)  The Husband and Little Guy's favorite combo is the Black Raspberry milkshake with whole milk.  They'll let you combine a couple of flavors for milkshakes too, Mint Chocolate Chip and Cookie Dough with almond milk has worked for me a couple of times.Ice cream prices (from what I remember):$3 - 1 scoop$4 - 2 scoops$5 - 3 scoopsThey also aren't shy about letting you try their ice cream flavors.They also sell items from a farmer's market favorite - Veg Out. Check their fridge for weekly specials, along with the infamous Sea Salt Brownie.The Perfect Scoop recently added a few savory items to their menu - chicken wings and things of that sort.Open late...2 am!Be sure to get a frequent visitor stamp card too!
1	So let me start off with just DONT. So many things went wrong when my friend and I came here the other night.I dont know which was worse the customer service or how messy it looked. Atmosphere wasn't welcoming whatsoever. The owner and his friends where just sitting on the couch on their phones. The girl who took our order messed up left and right (she was most likely new or something) but it was the owner that was most unsatisfactory for me. He was rude and treated the new girl meanly. He even talked me out of eating their vegan cookie sandwiches!!! He said "Sure but they're not that great. You'd probably won't like it." Wow! Wtf?! Horrible.  The place looked very unorganized.  Now for the actual food... it was ok. The pink guava ice cream milkshale was satisfory. Too bad they didnt put almond milk like I asked.NEVER coming back. Good luck even finding the place.
4	Fresh made ice cream with vegan selections OPEN to 2am.  What a find!  This place is great for a boba fix as well and saves on some miles for those who live on the SW side.All their flavors are delicious.  I ve been 3 times and each time got 2 scoops - they don't dont skimp with the portions.  They have many asian flavors such as black sesame, lychee, and if you are brave durian.  They gave me a sample and i had a spoonful which was decent considering how horrified I was when i first had durian as a kid.If you are vegan this is the spot as they have about 7-8 different flavors and many TOGO vegan food options.   They were very helpful when we ordered our green tea drink with boba.  We usually dont like our tea too sweet so they were really helpful.With the portions, late night availability and being a few miles from my house, this place is a repeat for sure!
5	One of the best boba places I have been to! The service is fantastic and the employees are super nice! Last time I went I got 5 free boba smoothies!!!! Also, the prices are pretty decent and they have a large variety of vegan food.
5	If you're a fan of ice cream AND/OR vegan ice cream, come check them out!If you're a fan of boba, milk teas and milkshakes, come check them out!Super friendly staff and blow-your-mind delicious foods and drinks (not to mention vegan-friendly!), makes this place my new go-to spot when craving milk teas and especially milkshakes! Can't decide on what to try? Go for the green tea milkshake with almond milk, and thank me later. You're welcome.
4	I've been here a few times and I am a fan.One of the times I was craving nothing but green tea treats for a whole week and went with a green boba milk tea. I really liked it and I even heard they'll even throw a scope of green tea ice cream if you ask for it. I enjoyed it, there is never anything wrong with a good cold green tea treat.Another time I wanted try something that I would really like and asked if they could mix the Passion Fruit and Guava into a shake and was told that I should try it with Orange.  Of course I went with it and was slow about recognizing the POG combination.  It was good better than the POG juice.Another time I wanted to try the Lavender or Black Raspberry because I sampled them on a prior visit but they were out so instead I went with a Mango and Red Bean Boba Slush which I also enjoyed.I enjoy that they offer various flavors like Black Rasphberry, Durian, Black Seasame, Green Tea, and a lot more. And that they serve it as an ice creem scoop, shake, smoothie, slush, and boba milk tea. For those of you who care they have various Vegan friendly items too.This is their second location and owner seemed pretty cool, appreciated what I thought of the products and made sure I left happy and as a returning customer. I will surely return and bring others. Best part was that they were offering Buy One Get One boba with Yelp Check-in, hopefully still have it.
2	The drinks are alright. It's way too sweet/sugary than other boba places. I love taro boba, but this place isn't my favorite. Pros: it's open til 2am, they offer vegan treats and ice cream Cons: they only offer large drinks, boba drinks are way too sweet... I think the guy who works there is like a dictator for his female employees, he treats them like they're servants, I've been there a few times, and he's a rude to them every time..
5	After coming here the first time I have been hooked on their homemade ice cream. So far, my favorite has been the black raspberry but yet I still have to try them all. The ice cream is extremely soft and pleasing to the taste buds. You can definitely taste the effort put into making the of cream. Also, besides having just regular flavors like vanilla, they have exotic ones too such as lychee, ginger, and even durian. Along with the amazing ice cream they have fantastic boba and great customer service. I would definitely recommend this place to family and friends!
4	Only tried the boba drinks, but it tastes pretty good compared to some of the other boba stores around vegas. They are open until 2am so I am most definitely going to come here again and try their other options
4	I have been increasingly impressed with the revitalization they have been doing to this particular strip mall. We have been seriously lacking good eats in the area and this is just one of quite a few new places that have popped up recently.I know the weather doesn't seem optimal for an ice cream fix, but I just can't resist ice cream no matter how cold or warm the weather is. I stopped by after work and perused the ice cream case and the the girl was happy to serve up a sample of any flavor I wanted to try. I tested the vegan avocado and guava and decided to get a two scoop of this to go along with a jasmine milk tea with boba. The milk tea had a stronger tea flavor than most I've had and I really liked that about it. The samples I had of the avocado and guava were great. Not overly sweet and had great, natural flavor. Looking forward to trying some more of their options next time. Make sure you get a punch card, I'm already looking forward to some freebies since I know I'll be a regular here.
5	Since I reviewed Scoop 3, I thought I would review this location. I like how the store is decorated for the holidays! Shoutout to Brooke for decorating it! But anyways, I like this location a lot. It's a little hard to find, but the best gems are always hidden, right? This location closes at 2am, so it's perfect if you want to get a late night snack. The ice cream is always soft and yummy. They offer vegan options and Asian flavors, but I always find myself gravitated towards the pistachio and cookies and cream. This little shop is starting to become one of my favorite hangout spots because the atmosphere is as chill as their ice cream.
3	Interesting flavors... Can't say it's the best tho. Changed a lot after the original owner left. He was the real chef. Can't copy a real chef's recipe no matter how hard you try. Just can't. Overall a decent place.
4	I got to hang out with two friends that I haven't seen since shortly after high school on Saturday and we decided to meet here! It's kind of a trendy Asian ice cream shop in the suburbs which would have been my safe haven when I was a teen. The biggest pro here is that they serve vegan ice cream made from almond milk. I wanted to try the avocado that people raved about, but they were out as well as the non-vegan durian. However, whatever flavors they do have, they will happily give you a generous sample. Especially of it's your first time. I decided on the chocolate chip peanut butter in a vegan milkshake for $5 + change and squatted with my friends for 2 hours. So, the milkshake that I got was delicious. It wasn't super thick, but kind of runny and drinkable, and perfect. I hate it when I can't suck the milkshake through a straw because it's so frozen and chunky. There was no problem with that here. The serving is also HUGE. When my friend ended up ordering the same thing, I told her that we should have just shared one. I ended up finishing it all because my parents engrained in me to never waste anything, but I certainly could have done without the other half. They also offer some vegan food to-go, but I didn't try any. However, I have a good amount of vegan friends and I think I'll be back witso we can indulge together.
5	Super friendly people. Open until 2 am and very good milk tea. Boba can sometimes be overcooked but the milk tea makes up for it. They offer "Homemade" delicious ice cream, it's so good and tons of flavors.
5	So far everything my bf and I have tried we've loved!!! He had a Thai tea that had a different taste than what he's use to but enjoyed the flavor very much it was a little sweeter and creamier than the usual.. I had a mango/peach slush with mango jelly that's just amazing and bursting with flavor! I enjoy any place with vegan options so definitely think this place is a must!! Staff has been friendly and helpful and we really like the fact that they're opened late!
4	I've stopped into this location of The Perfect Scoop & Boba Tea a few times now, but I have yet to try anything other than their teas. I have tried their ice cream at their original location though, and have no doubt it's just as yummy here as it was there. I was slightly disappointed to see that they did not have my favorite flavor, Honeydew Milk tea. That has actually turned out to be a good thing though, as I have tried a larger variety of their flavors and every single one has been delicious. My current personal favorite is the mango-peach. Their boba is cooked perfectly they were generous with the amount they gave me. One thing that stands out for me here is the super friendly employee (or was he the owner?) always gives me my drink for half price since the Yelp check in offer is for buy one drink get one drink free, and I am always just buying one drink. I was also given a punchcard without having to ask for it. I have a feeling that as the temps in Vegas heat up, I will be stopping into Perfect Scoop often.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! They have great ice cream at a great price. Our first time here, we were greeted by a guy, who I assume is the owner. He was very nice and told us to let him know what samples we would like to try. We tried a variety of different flavors - all of which were extremely good. My favorite "go-to" flavors are: mango, lychee, taro, red bean, and cookies n cream. I encourage anyone reading this review to head on over and get some delicious ice cream! They are extremely nice and will let you sample a vast amount of their ice cream to help you make your final choice. Another plus is that they are open pretty late.
4	Mmm, I love the green tea smoothie!! Only reason why I put four stars is because they ran out of green tea ice cream. I'm guessing it's freshly made?... So it's very limited on what you can get. Smoothies come in one size; large. It may not be a plus for many people but it is for me!!! This is definitely worth my money. The guy behind the counter is really really nice. I tried a couple samples... I wasn't too crazy about the black sesame ice cream a lot of people are raving about. But the pink guava ice cream was pretty good. Then the last one I tried was the thai tea ice cream... The texture is thick. Wasn't that good either. Definitely worth checking out though!!!!
4	I got a black sesame milkshake and it was so good! I recommend it to anyone. Their ice cream is homemade and it won't fail to satisfy you. The guy that made my shake was also very friendly!
3	This location is the "second" location of Perfect Scoop. With later night hours. To my knowledge, i dont think this location has all the same flavors as the original Ft Apache location. The service was a little, lacking per se, in comparison to the other location. The employee seemed a little "pre-occupied" to what he was doing instead of helping. Oversaw what he was doing. Seemed like he was "preparing" boba that seemed to have stuck together, so he was breaking it apart ... o.O? but then again, perfect scoop was never really known to have good boba drinks anyway...I had ordered a 3-scoop containing durian, black sesame, and pink guava. Each scoop sizes seemed smaller than what you'd receive from the original location. If anything, it was a "normal" scoop size. The original location had fairly large scoop sizes, which made it such a great deal. Overall, 3-stars A-OK rating. Ice cream is delicious as always. Location and decor wise, quite the bit lacking compared to first location. Have yet to go to 3rd location yet.
5	The drinks are delicious! Went in with a couple of friends and we enjoyed it a lot. I've been to a few boba places and this place is by far the best I've been to. Honestly, come try it, you won't regret!!
5	I love this place! Their boba balls are really chewy and fresh. I like how you can customize your drinks here! There are fun games and chill workers, really good vibe. I absolutely love the jasmine milk tea with lychee popping balls!!
5	I just love this place! I think they have the best boba AND best ice cream. My favorite would be their lychee boba & Banana Chocolate ice cream! The owner is so cool too.
5	This place is full of delicious flavors containing all natural flavors including my favorite, durian.
5	I think getting unusual mixes of drinks and toppings together make a tasty boba. Perfect scoop is a really great place because it is close from where I live and offers a large variety of drinks and ice cream. P.S. Amy Suphunthuchat is the best worker for this place ;)
5	This place is amazing! I love the ice cream and boba. The employees are so nice. A girl named Amy served me and she was so cute :-)
1	Heard about a new ice cream place right around the corner from our house so we decided to try it. Walked in got greeted, then we look around to see what types of flavor they served. After we figured out what we wanted we waited to get served. Made a couple eye contact but no one acknowledge us. Waited for a good 6-8 minutes nothing and when 2 guys walked in they (the girl) were greeted and got served right away...hmmm really? Mind you we had our 2 kids waiting patiently for their ice cream and no one even said " I'll be right with you". Great customer service guys!
2	Customer Service: I wouldn't consider top rating service. We were greeted upon entering but usually most employees aren't eager to serve you and would rather finish their chitter chatter with their friends that come in to hang out at the shop. Products: The ice cream has a creamy base, flavors are good. I tried the cookie dough, thigh tea (Thai tea), rocky road, and lychee; all were pretty tasty and unique. Location: Space is pretty small, consists of 4 two-top tables and a couch. My difficulty with the place is that employees have gone on smoke breaks and came in to serve customers without washing their hands. We've also seen employees eat out of the ice cream tubs.And last would be nice to have a place to sit when you visit but most of the time it's packed with teenagers playing board games, chatting, and on their laptops. If you come in the later hours don't expect a nice place to enjoy your dessert, plan to take it to go.
4	I've only come to this location, so I'm just basing my review on this specific one. This is also the only Perfect Scoop I've been to.The service here was great and all the employees are really friendly and helpful. They'll gladly give you any sample you want. I particularly liked pink guava, black sesame, and thai tea. I ended up getting a pink guava milkshake.I wish this place wasn't in the middle of nowhere, or at least closer to my place. It's a nice place to study or just relax with friends and nobody minds if you stay there for hours.Beware of Durian.
2	The ice cream is delicious but the place is filthy. Sinks, counters disgusting. Dust on the inside of the glass where ice cream is held. Only ordered because ice cream was covered. The door to the back room was open and that room was equally dirty. No health rating sign up, which is not good. Too bad because the ice cream was delicious. Clean this place up!
5	I honestly love this place! Not only do they have delicious drinks/desserts, but have a great service. If you're looking for a place to cool down, this is where you go!
1	I wanted to like this place, but the service is not that good. Even if the food at a restaurant is good and the service is terrible, I won't go back.
2	Came here to check out the vegan ice cream and lunch options, when we walked in, it was not what was expected, a young girl was sitting on the couch who greeted us and asked us if we would like to try a sample.  We wanted to try the vegan ice cream so she recommended a few popular items, she was out of at least 2-3 that she opened/suggested.  I would think if business was that slow and there was nothing to do, someone could've crossed off flavors that were out for the day.  As my boyfriend was checking out the ice cream flavors I walked to the refrigerator to check out the food options, looked like they had the vegetarian chili, mac and cheese and "cheesy broccoli" other things were written on the glass but I didn't see any of those items...slim pickins! There were cans of Dr.Pepper and some tipped over water bottles, looked like a refrigerator that should be a break room refrigerator, definitely not presentable to be sold.  Anyway,I wanted to give the boba drinks the benefit, we ordered an almond milk tea and taro milk tea, both were good but the place didn't really seem like a place I would want to sit and hang out, it felt dirty and unsanitary, even the parking lot in front needed to be cleaned up a little bit.  *i think this place can have potential but they need to clean it up a little, looked like they weren't ready to open or they're getting ready to close down? Maybe late night is a different feel and a lot more jumpin but mid day definitely was awkward and not very inviting.  I'll give it another chance but please either stock your place or cross out whatever you're out of.
5	Their homemade ice cream is super fluffy and very yummy! I love the flavored tea as well. Steve makes my tea PERFECT every single time. This is also a cute little hang out spot. Board games provided (:
5	This is the only place where I do enjoy handmade ice cream!! awesome!!!
3	I love Perfect Scoop for their ice cream. My favorite flavor of all times is Durian (I love that you could fully taste the flavor). The taro is amazing also because you can taste the bites of taro and also coconut. I have not found such amazing coconut ice cream in the states but Perfect Scoop's coconut ice cream comes close!! I have also tried their pistachios ice cream and I think they could do better. I can tell that the pistachio ice cream has syrup in it. The ice cream would be so much better with bits of pistachio. Their Asian flavored ice creams are the best!I don't really live up to their name though. Well, the "boba tea" part at least since I can taste that it is syrup. I would NEVER get boba or any drinks here. The only things I go to Perfect Scoop for is ice cream. I remember watching one of the workings making a boba drink and they seemed a little clueless. This location is close to my boyfriend's house which is why I go here. I love that it closes late since I could get my ice cream fix at 1am in the morning. I never hang out there. They don't have much games or space to even hang out. There is usually one worker at the shop and a lot of times I see them on their cellphone or watching TV. I mean I understand that they get bored working alone but it is still a business. I solely believe that you should not let your customers see you on your phones or hanging with your buddies. It also seems that a lot of the employees aren't really social or a bit awkward. I think it would be better if they worked on their service and improve training. I think better boba, more games, and a better environment would make this place pop.
5	As usual, I was on my sugar high and felt the need to stop by and try Perfect Scoop! I haven't tasted their boba yet (but I'm super excited to!), but I have had their unique ice cream flavors which are SUPER DELICIOUS! I had a sundae..of sorts!! To save a dollar on getting the banana split, I got their banana and chocolate chip ice cream on a Strong Man sundae! Let me say, I was crazy IMPRESSED with the flavor of the ice cream; they really captured the natural flavor of the banana!! It tasted just like a banana split. I also had a taste of the Thigh Tea (hah) ice cream, which had a really subtle flavor of Thai Tea. I didn't really love it, but it was unique, that's for sure! The employees are really young, fun, and personable, but they do take a long time to prepare your order--I suggest going when it's not too busy, like when all the other Asians are at home watching The Walking Dead ;)
5	I was ecstatic to find that Perfect Scoop opened up a location within walking distance to my house. But I've been here 5 times and have yet to walk here...Same great taste and quality as location #1. My favorite ice cream being Black Sesame. They have other interesting flavors like Ginger, Thai Tea, and Green Tea (of course). They even have almond milk-based vegan ice cream. It has a gooey consistency by will still hit the spot should you be lactose intolerant or just want a dairy-free option. They do milkshakes, banana splits, and all that good stuff. I usually go for a Jasmine Milk Tea w/ Boba. Mmmmmm...Be sure to pick up a stamp card!
5	This place is awesome. The quality of boba is far better than other boba shops. They even have vegan selections on the menu! My favorite so far is the green tea slush with green yea ice cream on top. Delish!
3	While their sweet selection is interesting, I only go here out of proximity to my house. The price is higher than most tea houses and the drinks are a bit sweeter, but the staff is friendly and great vegan selection.
3	I've only tried their slushy boba and all i can tell you is the last 2 times i've gone there they tasted watered down.  The place was clean and Price is a little higher than most but the staff seem pretty friendly.
4	Firstly, I would have given this location 5 stars if the employee who was serving my friend and I was much more enthused in serving us. I know it's 8pm and you want to go home, but at least be a little more personable. I don't think I saw one smile from him! SMILE, IT'S CONTAGIOUS!If it wasn't for the ice cream's creativity, I would have been disappointed, but because the ice cream I got to taste was yummy, I was a HAPPY CAMPER.I was in the mood for a milk shake, so I decided to try the Thai Tea ice cream and make it a shake! Funny story, they had Thai Tea under "THIGH Tea"... Okay I'm a nerd, but it was really really good! I'm craving a Thigh tea milkshake as we speak!My friend tried their banana and chocolate chip ice cream on a Strong Man Sundae. The ice cream was definitely a Hit! I'm sure my friend enjoyed hers because she couldn't stop raving about how good it was! So KUDOS!!
2	I've only been to the Jones location once and I don't really plan on going there more than once. The location and setting is kind of sad and dingy; basically, I wouldn't want to sit here and hang out. Customer service was ok; the girl who served us was great and fast at getting everything for my boyfriend and I. However, their Thai tea ice cream and honeydew boba was too sweet for my boyfriend, brother, and I. Although this is the closest boba location to my house, I wouldn't mind going all the way to Chinatown for boba.
4	I was so happy to find this gelatto/boba spot! The service is great and it has a wonderful neighborhood feel. They have board games on the table comfortable places to sit and talk. They let you try samples of just about every flavor! The cookies and cream gelatto is the best of that flavor in Las Vegas!
5	This place was SO GOOD. I watched them actually make my jasmine tea for my jasmine milk tea. I am a huge fan of black sesame ice cream and theirs was the best I ever had!! If you need a late night boba fix this is the place!
4	Pretty weird looking place, but their Boba Milk Tea is good, feels fresh and quite tasty. I've also tried their Boba Slush and their Macaroons, and oh my god, their Macaroons! One thing I do have to say, was not crazy about their customer service until recently, but I feel it became friendlier recently :)Have not tried their ice creams yet but that's definitely my goal on future visits.
2	Milkshake was too runny for a $4.50 milkshake. Honestly think the girl didnt care what she was doing. The banana choc chip ice was good as others have said. Location is close to house and may go try the different drink options but no on a shake.
1	Today, is officially the day I give it a one star. Every time I come here it's always something different. One time he didn't add any boba. I asked are you guys out of boba? He said oh, I didn't know you wanted boba. On the menu... It says it comes with boba. He couldn't add it at that time because I added green teas ice cream on top. So it wasn't worth doing the whole thing all over again. So I let it go. Majority of the time they are out of something. Green tea ice cream is mostly out. And the last time here was earlier today. He almost did everything right except for the part where he left to go to the back and left my drink in the blending machine blending for more than two minutes. I ordered a slush. Not a milk tea. If I wasn't in a rush. I would tell him to make it all over again. Last time coming here. It's good to come her to check it out at least once IF they have all the flavors of ice cream they say they provide. And make the drinks right. Either that or they need to hire someone new who can make the drinks right.
5	Love this place! They make the boba fresh so yummy! They have yummy ice cream regular and vegan with almond milk. Super nice! I asked the to make something not on the menu and they let me taste it first! Awesome customer service! Will become a regular. Been here twice this week :)
3	It was okay. Not great, not terrible, but okay.Today was my first time stepping foot in here and I was a bit weary at first. I came in and there were absolutely no one inside--not even the workers. I wanted to walk back out so bad because I thought that it had closed down already. But no. It was indeed open and someone from the back came out and took my order right away.I ordered a taro boba which is my all-time favorite flavor. All I have to say was that it was good, I just wasn't a big fan on how they only offer one size so I wasn't able to finish it, bleh.Overall, my experience there wasn't that bad just okay. I'll most likely be coming back since it's a very close proximity to home.
2	Not the best boba teas I've had.  The shop isn't spectacularly kept, and the drinks are a bit pricey. Visited there 30 minutes after they opened and asked for a milk tea with boba, Unfortunately there was no boba. Dude offered me jelly, but wasn't having it.  Was really disappointed that a place called perfect scoop and BOBA had no boba ready. maybe if business picks up the employees will come in and prepare the boba before opening.
2	My 5 year old has been on a serious boba kick lately and after hitting up Chaiya this month, we decided to check out The Perfect Scoop. Sadly, I just wasn't a fan. First things first, I'd love to know where and why this trend in dirty ice cream shops started. This place is filthy! The tables, the counters, the floor and even the freezers...all friggin' dirty! This was in the middle of the day, with only two other customers in the store too. We did only see one girl working at the time, so I don't know if it's a understaffed issue, but they really should fix it. No one wants to eat ice cream or enjoy boba in a dirty place. The other big issue I have with The Perfect Scoop is their drink size. For whatever reason, they only offer one size, and it's pretty big at 24oz. My son can't finish 24oz and even though I wanted a smoothie, I knew I wasn't going to finish that much either after having just ate. So, it's either spend the $5 and know you're going to waste some or get something you know you can finish. I ended up going with just a regular black iced tea and my son got the strawberry banana smoothie. The tea was decent but the smoothie was really thin and at $4/$5 each, I expected a lot more boba. To top it off, I didn't like it much either. I may not be a boba expert but I know it wasn't right as the texture was completely off from any other shop I've been to before.Reading through other reviews, it seems most people like the ice cream and maybe we went on an off day, but that just wasn't right either. My wife ordered a single scoop but it was half melted and she ended up throwing most of it away. The service was decent but everything else fell way too short. I've heard the other, original location is much better so I'll probably give that one a shot, but for now, I'll stay away from this one.
3	I keep trying the various Perfect Scoop locations as Asian tea house replacements when I'm pressed for time and am consistently underwhelmed. Their milk teas are overly sugary and the boba flavorless.On the positive side, the restaurants are comparatively clean for this type of establishment. However the lesson I've learned is to stay in Chinatown for tea.
2	The place seems really dirty every time I come here. And where is the ice cream? I've come here 3-4 times and they seem to always be out of their main flavors. If you can't meet demand, you are losing money...The overall service has been mediocre as well, this isn't a 5 star place, but no one bothers to hand you spoons or even a togo bag.
3	Sooooooo, we went here because it was late and I was craving boba at 11:30 pm and we weren't even sure if the place was open but no worries, it was definitely open. So our group of 6 started ordering boba & we felt so bad for this one worker running back and forth taking our order annnnnnd surely enough two more groups entered before even our order was completed. He did get our orders done and we were okay with the wait because we had uno to entertain us ... Buuuuuut if I wanted to just jump in grab some drinks and leave, I would definitely be a little unhappy. If you want to come late at night , expect to wait a bit so enjoy the board games they have. The boba is pretty overpriced but the ice cream is worth it ! And if you wanna go pee, don't expect any paper towels ..... Hint hint Perfect scoop ... Hint hint.
3	I love Perfect Scoop and am happy that there are successful enough to have expanded to various places. This one doesn't say Perfect Scoop, but you'll see the big happy face logo that is on the other locations. It's to the left of Soho Japanese. I got guava and the formidable durian. The fiance nearly threw up trying my durian ice cream. This location is just OK though as the durian tasted a bit like it's been sitting for a while and had that freezer burnt flavor very faintly and these were not my 1st nor 2nd or even 3rd choice. as they were sold out of all of those. I got a cup as they only had one each left of their waffle cones and both the fiance and I liked the cookies and cream one, but I'm nice and let him have that. If they weren't out of a lot of things, this visit would have been better. The girl at the counter, however, was very personable.However, its located near some popular food spots so I'll probably end up here at some point.
1	They're front door was opened and i walked in  5 minutes before they open at 12 noon i guess is when they're open for business. employee inside said  sorry we're not open,  Why is your front door open then.
1	Came here at 10pm, and it was closed. The store signs still say open till 130am though. No sign telling you why they are closed.
4	So excited to have a place to get VEGAN ice cream in my neighborhood. We came in on the Fourth of July weekend, and they had recently experienced a power outage and were limited in their ice cream flavor selection. I had the chocolate peanut butter vegan ice cream and was in HEAVEN!!! My companions had regular milk ice cream, and definitely enjoyed theirs too. We will be back...frequently! I can't wait to try the boba tea :)
2	Worst ice cream I've ever had. It had an unbelievably gooey consistency, to the point where my plastic spoon was bending extremely far back by the weight of the thick strand of goo. If you care about the texture of your food, then avoid the ice cream.  I got the thai tea flavor, which tasted okay in my little sample taste, but the more I ate it the sicker I felt. It's way too sweet; the sugar basically overpowers the thai tea flavor. I'm a person that loves ice cream and will happily eat ice cream every day for the rest of my life, yet I couldn't finish my ice cream here. Basically 400 calories and 3 dollars I will never get back LOL.
3	We had high hopes, it did not quite live up to.  Ice cream was kinda crappy.  The boba was a but over cooked and tasteless(as tasteless as boba can be). We also had milkshakes that were just too milky, and lacked flavor.   My daughters passionfruit drunk was nice, but it is all syrup based and I was really hoping for real fruit
2	Since it's the most convenient ice cream and boba place to where I'm located, I really wanted to like Perfect Scoop and took my sweet time before reviewing it. The ice cream, however, did not have the nice smooth texture you'd expect. It was grainy and weird. No biggie, I'll just stick to the boba tea which was pretty tasty - when they actually have boba. On more than one occasion, they claim to have ran out and were making more. I've never been to any other boba tea place where they ran out of boba pearls. Seriously, no boba? One day they also had a sign up and it said 'drinks only,' which I thought was funny for the place to be called Perfect Scoop without the ice cream. The interior is lackluster and desperately needs to take cues from other ice cream parlors on merchandise presentation. The verdict: Perfect Scoop is pretty far from perfect.
5	They make their own ice cream. Boba flavor/texture is perfect (sweet and chewy), and I'm pleased with exotic flavors such as ginger, sesame, taro, red bean, etc. The price start from 3 bucks/a scoop of ice cream, and they have frequent customer rewards (buy 9 drinks, 10th one on the house). I certainly wish this business to do well. Open til 2am, and they do deliver.
3	2.5 stars overall, 2 stars for the service.Bun and I entered the store. At first there was no greeting. So as the cashier stared at us for a good 15 seconds, we had to let them know to give us a moment. I glanced through their menu and only to have my hopes brought down - they didn't serve lavender milk tea. I read on YELP this location serves it, but mind the YELP user who deceived me -_- decor and menu is super plain, nothing that would make you want to sit and stay there comfortably to catch up with friends. Since I'm here, I might as well get a beverage. I got the Milk Tea tapioca and Bun got the Lychee Iced Green Tea. Mine I would say is just mediocre, nothing fancy and definitely something I would not pay $4.50 + pay for. I guess the only plus size is that all their beverages are 20oz. The staff definitely lacked some customer service. It also didn't help that the party across the room from us talked as loud as they could even though even being 1 foot apart and laughed like hyenas too.Would not recommend back and can skip the opportunity to even try it.*** Just a note: so those who are searching for Lavender MT at Perfect Scoop, it may only be available at the Perfect Scoop at S. Fort Apache, perhaps I will be back
2	Love the drinks... When they are actually open. Store is just closed on random days and opens late. Kind of hard to continue being a customer when the business is not reliable..
5	Awesome icecream! Full fat, extra thick and rich kind.  And they charged me a dollar less than their pushed e price!
3	A real-life-boba-emergency brought us here last night. We were on a mission and drove 20 minutes from Summerlin - even though there are a couple boba shops open late near us, this place captured our curiosity. DRINKS - Unfortunately, our boba mission failed. The drinks we ordered were below average: - The boba was beyond overcooked, extremely mushy and dissolved upon contact. The boba didn't have the al dente texture, bite, or chew that they should have. The awkward slimy texture of the super soft boba make the drinks lousy. Flavor rating: 2/5- Matcha green tea slush was way too icy. The green tea matcha flavor was very light and barely noticeable. Flavor rating: 2/5- Honey Green tea had a good steeped tea flavor, but it wasn't sweet enough so we had to take it back for more honey. The overall drink flavor was average. I certainly wouldn't return for it. Flavor rating: 3/5ICE-CREAM - The girl helping us was super friendly, her name was Elise. We also wanted to sample their house made ice-cream and she was eager to help and gave us pretty generous sized scoops:- Black sesame ice-cream is insanely delicious! Extremely bold black sesame flavor, nutty, ultra creamy, rich, and decadent. I'll come back to get a container packed to go and save it in my fridge for "those days." It's just too damn yummy. Flavor rating: 5/5- Durian ice-cream is extremely creamy, rich and had a very strong durian fruit flavor! It tasted exactly how we make it at home, so we loved it! Flavor rating: 5/5- Thai tea ice-cream was very creamy and milky, but the Thai tea flavor was faint - I could barely make it out. Flavor rating: 3/5We will definitely return for their ice-cream, but pass on their boba drinks if we're ever in the area. The black sesame and durian ice-cream are killer!
4	Good spot in the neighborhood for late night ice cream and games, the kids love it!  They have some regular flavors, but also some different ones like guava and thai tea which are pretty good.They have macaron ice-cream sandwiches that I've been wanting to try, but they've been out of the macarons the last two times we went.Up'd to a four as I was wow'd by the service today! I had asked if they had macarons and he said they will always have them in stock. And apologized for not having them before and gave me one on the house for the miss the first time and said thanks for giving them a second chance. Totally appreciated it and given the size of those things they are the perfect texture.  Not to hard on the outside and still chewy on the inside. My macaron ice cream sandwich was delicious!
5	It's hard to find good boba in SW Las Vegas, so when you find one, you treasure it. This is a gem right here.It is not Taiwanese style boba with egg pudding and honey boba and such, but they do have a nice selection of milk teas and slushes. They're all one size (16 oz I believe) and around $4.50 (can't remember exact price). I LOVE almond milk tea, and theirs is one of the best. Not too sweet, not too milky; a perfect balance. The boba was perfectly cooked as well. Not too hard, not too gooey. Perfect. Their homemade ice cream is awesome as well. They have flavors that you wouldn't find in a Baskin Robbins or any other typical ice cream shop. They have Asian flavors such as durian, lychee, thai tea, black sesame, etc. They also have a good variety of vegan flavors which is super awesome! Their ice cream is super smooth and creamy and taste exactly like the label. There doesn't seem to be any artificial flavors goin' on in those.I have been here a few times, and the customer service is always great. It seems to be family owned since the employees are super chill and relax when customers are there and don't seem to be following strict guidelines. A few visits ago, I ordered boba with a friend and drank it there, but I wanted to bring a scoop of black sesame home to my mom since she loves black sesame. The man behind the counter gave it to me for free, which was awesome! They also have insulated paper bags for the ice cream, which I thought was pretty neat. If you're in the area and craving something sweet, definitely check this place out.
5	Love the place. It's so cute. There's a huge chalk board wall filled with silly pictures. There's exotic ice cream flavors like taro and pistachio. I really like the strawberry cheesecake and green tea ice cream. The workers are always nice. Elise is one of the workers who I always see there. She represents the store in such a positive way with her happy & helpful self. Love the ice cream, interior, and people. What more can you ask for in a dessert place? :))
5	I seldom write reviews, but this place is pretty good. My girlfriend and I came to Vegas and she wanted ice cream pretty late. This was the only decently rated place open during the time, so we drove over. I'm from the Bay Area and I've never had Asian flavors. We usually just get the salted caramel and honey lavender at Bi-rite in San Francisco. Scoops seems to specialize in Asian ice cream flavors, so we ordered the black sesame and red bean. It was really unique and flavorful. I like creamy strong flavors so it was perfect for me. I asked and found out all their ice cream is made in house. Overall a really good experience and I highly recommend.
4	Awesome place, my daughter and I go here a lot.  Love the bobba and the ice cream!  The staff is great and you can draw on the chalk board walls
5	Perfect scoop has been my go to spot for my ice cream and milkshakes with boba cravings. And when I didn't think it was possible to get any better.. They brought the MACARON ICE CREAM SANDWICH to Vegas!!!!! I've tried many places in LA such as MILK and I can honestly say that perfect scoop has a better product! I love the fact that you can choose the flavor of ice cream to go in your macaron. The macaron flavors offered is passion fruit, chocolate and vanilla. I highly recommend the passion fruit with guava ice cream or the chocolate with Nutella banana ice cream. And of course, if you're not feeling the macaron the black sesame ice cream is amazing either as just a scoop or as a milkshake with boba! Last but not least, I have to say that they set the standard of what awesome customer service is and should be!
5	Great boba milk tea! & they have vegan options, which is nice (being lactose intolerant )
3	First time here. This place was kind of out the way for me but I came for the ice cream! I had the black sesame ice cream and one of the milk teas. A lot of the ice cream flavors were not available when I was there.
1	Bad bad bad!!!! Customer service was horrible. The ice creams were all covered up. Not an inviting atmosphere. I ordered macaron ice cream sandwich rocky road. The ice cream did not taste rocky road at all. There are chocolate chips and almonds. Like really??? Where did the marshmallows and peanuts go??? The ice cream melted right away. Bad quality!!!! The to go plate is a cheap disposable plate. Sooo bad. Do not come here! Bad service. Bad ice cream!!! Too pricey!!!!
3	My drink was ok. Boba had no flavor. I'll probably drive to china town and get my boba fix instead.
1	Pretty cool atmosphere.  I like the whole chalk board idea, but I was not impressed with my boba. I got the Thai Tea boba , didn't have much flavor.  It's nice cause its close to home but I would rather drive to Spring Mountain.
5	Love this place! :D they use fresh fruit and hand make their ice cream. It tastes awesome. They're even open late for my midnight munchies. The ambience is great and it smells good in the shop. Their recent store renovations were pretty convenient also.
4	I love their ice cream.  It has a nice texture and they have more unique exotic flavors like taro and durian.  They also have the more traditional flavors like cookies and cream..etc.  I tried their taro and Thai tea ice cream and loved both.  The taro stood out to me because it had more of a root/yam flavor like real taro and it wasn't too sweet.  They also offer different flavored cones like green tea.  I found the green tea ice cream cone to be too flimsy and felt rushed to eat due to it crumbling.  However it was still good and it didn't have an overpowering green tea taste.I also tried their boba milk teas.  I thought they were okay.  I wasn't a big fan of their boba.  It was too chewy and had very little flavor.  I used to work at a boba tea shop, so it could just be me being picky.  The actual milk tea though was not too bad.The staff is friendly. They were patient with my questions, and even offered to make me a another drink if I didn't like a drink I've never tried before.  Overall I love their ice cream, the atmosphere, how late they're open and the staff.  However not too crazy about the boba, but I'll be back again
5	One word....amazing! we orderd the macaron ice cream sandwich: one with chocolate macarons and cookies and cream ice cream and another with vanilla macarons and pink guava ice cream. Both are so good i cant believe it took us forever before we got around to trying this place out considering that we live around the corner! we will definitely be back!  will also definitely spread the word!
5	The owner is very very nice! We went here late last night all the way from henderson and he gave us a really good deal! They have the best guava ice cream ever! Vanilla macaron with guava ice cream was the bomb! The black bean ice cream was very delicious as well! The nutella banana with the cookies and cream waffle cone was a pretty good combination!. He can personalize any milkshake using any icecream flavor you like! The guava milkshake is so unique, it has that right amount of thickness and creaminess to it! The blackbean milktea was was also good if you like something that isnt too sweet! The green apple smoothie was also delish, sweet and jst right! Try this place, china town got nothing on this place. Id drive here again!
4	Located on the Southwest side of town. So I don't drink boba, quite frankly I don't even know what it is. But I did have the ice cream, and it was very good. Worth a stop in if you happen to be in the area. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Wow! I love the ice cream here like pink guava, black sesame, honeydew, white chocolate macadamia, durian and black raspberry was so good on the vanilla macaron... I like how they keep the ice creams covered for freshness and so things don't fall inside of it..they even have vegan ice creams and vegan brownie it's really cool! My friends and I tried the macarons and cake pops it's so delicious!!!my next order will be the boba green tea slush with green tea scoop on top it looks awesome!!!The owner was very personable and really nice he gave us a great deal...:) this place is a hidden gem!!!! Don't just order anything try the ice creams first because there are a lot of exotic flavors that's an acquired taste! I would definitely come back with friends and play games... There are a lot of mix reviews I see here a lot but I'm writing to say give this location a try you won't regret it!!!
4	GAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaah, my dream combination is served here.  I have no idea how I missed this place.  I guess I was fooled by their business name because there is just so many ice cream boba places around Las Vegas. BUT BUT BUT, what they do have is the combination of ice cream smashed between the hugest macaroons?!  YES, I said a macaroon ice cream sandwich.  Seriously, its like a bite into heaven!  Well for me, I am pregnant (at the moment), so things do taste pretty darn good when you're pregnant.  They have a lot to offer here and even have Vegan options for dessert.  I would definitely like to try it, but I'm the type if I found what I like at a place, I usually will stick with it.  Maybe I can get my hubs to try those vegan options while I eat my macaroon ice cream sandwich.  Anyhow, I'm glad its in my neighborhood because I will take my friends and family here for when we are craving some sweets.  Yippie!!!!!
4	The white chocolate macadamia ice cream is to die for. I also like how they have board games while waiting for your purchase.
4	Accidentally ran into this place while having SoHo sushi next door. The ice cream were homemade and delicious. I order the coconut & black sesame. They were very good.  My wife have the macaroon wroth pink guava ice cream.  She loves it.  The price was reasonable.
5	I guess this place is a hit and miss for some people. But I've personally never had a problem here!Location: Super easy to find, located in the same plaza as Soho sushi! Vibe & layout: Kind of a small place, but I've never had a problem sitting at a table with friends. Super ordinary decor.Customer service & food: I usually don't give employees shoutouts, but Steve definitely deserves one. Came in around closing time and he was the only one working! WTF!? There was a rush of people but the doode handled it very smoothly getting everyones orders and ringing them up in a timely manner. Props. Other from flavors nothing here really stands out to me, but it's still a good place to go to late at night :).Open late? Yes Wifi? YesStamp cards? YesPretty solid place if you ask me.
4	First timer... Wanted the Green tea ice cream, unfortunately they were out.. Got the Thai tea ice cream instead, very good! I'll be back for the green tea, lots of exotic flavors!
5	A lot better than the first time I stepped foot on this place. The staff is much more friendlier than my first visit and the ambiance is a lot more urban and laid-back; better than how it was with the white walls surrounding the place.When my boyfriend and I came in, we only intended to purchase boba drinks. But the server recommended we try a few flavors to see if we would like anything else other than the drinks. I was so glad she did because we loved the flavors she recommended: Nutella Banana and Strawberry cheesecake. Another thing that I really liked about the place is that they make their own ice cream! Pretty impressive. Along with the two ice cream flavors, I got myself an almond milk tea with boba. It was full of flavor and the boba was cooked perfectly.
2	disappointed. I walk in, the employee (owner?) and his gf were cuddling on the couch. wtf?! and 4.75 for boba?! ur not on the strip homie. ice cream was ok. too soft. what's the hype all about? pls remodel the inside too. no signs for ice cream flavors? ur just gonna write on the glass? and get a freakn sign outside ! so hard to find
4	What a cute boba shop! There's a large chalk wall to draw on, board games, football and hackey sack. It seems like there's always different decorations then the previous time I visited. My favorite drink here is the milk tea with boba. Perfect taste + perfectly textured boba = one happy Asian girl.
5	VEGAN!!! They have vegan ice cream! And its Amazing! Highly reccomended! Friendly staff. Good local ice cream spot!
3	We walked over for some ice cream after dinner. The shop is small and has very little ambiance or charm. It's more of a functional store, with the aside, of serving boba and ice cream.  That being said. The ice cream was pretty amazing. They were limited on flavors when we visited so most of us ended up with pink guava or black sesame. The pink guava was bomb.com. The black sesame was a little too earthy for my palate. As great as the ice cream is, the ambiance could use a major upgrade. In a sea of restaurants and Chinatown shops this establishment doesn't stand out or distinguish itself in the minds of visiting patrons.
5	Strongly recommended!! Very flexible and various selections. Fun and artistic graffiti wall decor. The lady working there is upbeat and attentively offering the samples of ice cream. The black sesame and taro milkshake is AMAZING BOMB!!!!  it's so good that I dance in the store after my first sip!! The macaroon ice cream sandwich is not bad, either!
5	Love this place. Unique ice cream flavors you can't find it anywhere else. The customer service is always superb. My favorites are great black sesame, Thai tea. Red bean, cheesecake the drinks are great too. This place is a must try never a disappointment!
3	You can't miss the shop if you've never been! The iconic banner in place of an actual sign is in place if you know the original location. I like the shop itself, it's pretty cute with a blackboard wall that you can use chalk to write or draw anything on. It's about the same size inside, maybe even a little larger but definitely a different atmosphere, maybe because of the location? Onto the ice cream! I used to love going to Perfect Scoop because of their ice cream flavors and how good it was, but it seems the Asian flavors are lacking. I tried Pink Guava, it used to be one of my favorites, but it tasted more like the cream used to make ice cream. So I reverted back to Black Sesame and it tasted a little light on the flavor side. So I'm pretty disappointed overall and might be looking elsewhere for Asian ice cream once again.
5	This review is long overdue. When it's 100+ degrees in Vegas, all I can ever think about is, "I really need an ice cold milk tea or some ICE CREAM right about now!" This place is perfect because they offer both. =DI ordered a macaron ice cream sandwich and a milk tea because I couldn't decide. Both were freakin' delicious compared to any other asian cafe place I had in Vegas. The ice cream was smooth and not too icy, also the green tea flavor really stood out. The boba was perfectly chewy and sweet. Recommend this place to anyone who needs something cool on a hot Vegas day!
4	I honestly am not an ice cream person. I always feel sick after going to places like cold stone but perfect scoop is hands down my favorite place to get ice cream. They have flavors you usually wouldn't see anywhere else like lychee, taro, black sesame, thai tea, and a lot more. Their milkshakes are soo good & I absolutely love how you can mix any flavors together. My favorite flavors are Nutella banana, strawberry cheesecake, taro, & black sesame. I still haven't found a flavor that I don't like. Everything's so good I never know what to get!
5	I heard about The Perfect Scoop from my friend and these were her exact words, "When I tried the coconut ice cream, it was game over."The Perfect Scoop is by far the best ice cream shop in Vegas. Their ice cream is homemade and they have the Asian flavors too!! I'm from San Francisco so I grew up eating Polly Ann's and Marco Polo's ice cream! When I tried this spot, I thought, "Finally! An ice cream shop that reminds me of home!" They even have Durian! And now they started having Macaron ice cream sandwiches on the regular!! This is when I say #thisiswhyimfat.The owner and employees are all really nice. They are patient when I ask to try multiple flavors. Also, I asked if they could make me a green tea ice cream milk shake that I used to have in SF and they made it perfectly!!! If you haven't been there yet, you must go and try!!! You will not be disappointed! :)
