3	It's very pretty but it's been pretty cold not much going on during the week A lot of the shops and restaurants are closed there is a little than vendors on the pathway that that's just about it I think the weekends is the most activity but I'm not sure you have to check it out on the weekends I've been told it's pretty nice on the weekends but yet again I have never been there on the weekend but it definitely is a fun place to check out lots of pretty lights in good quality family time to get you in the Christmas spirit
2	2.5 StarsGlendale Glitters in my opinion has run its course.  My family and I have been going to this event for ten years and nothing has changed.  I understand nostalgia but at some point we all need to grow and this event needs to as well!  Surrounding businesses and at least one church that I went to attempted to twist my arm for ten dollars to park in their parking lots.  The city of Glendale needs to ensure visitors are not being gouged to park at this city event.  The city has the same food and merchandise vendors at the Glitters and the Chocolate  Festival.  Allowing an area for some food trucks and maybe representatives from the sporting teams in the city would be a quick injection of exciting change!  Anymore ideas I will start charging a consulting fee.  I sure hope this review makes it to the event planners.
3	The weather was just a bit chilly, but it was an enjoyable experience.The park tends to experience a bit of gridlock occasionally, and people seem to forget how to keep it moving.There needs to be a few more porta potties around the park, but otherwise the city does a pretty decent job with this event.
1	What a waste of time. We came on the last day, the Glendale Glitters "and Glow". This reminded me of a carnival but without the rides. The crowds were horrific, parking sucked, and there were lots of disgusting, fried food eateries and cheap vendors lining the park. My husband, 15 mo old son and I got some kettle corn and quickly left.
3	This was an okay event. The lights were indeed beautiful. Wish there was more diversity of vendors instead of the overabundance of food vendors. Food is great but this is an opportunity for people to buy local made gifts for people this holiday season. Parking was atrocious but I came earlier to avoid the struggle and found free parking nearby. Overall it was a decent event, free and definitely family friendly.
1	Pretty lame. Nothing but a bunch of vendors. Stupid stuff like Dish tv or car rentals. The kids didn't even really enjoy it. Nothing like it used to be. Just completely commercialized. :(
1	What a joke!  We drove all the way from Gilbert to see the spectacular lights. When we arrived around 6:15 the lights weren't on and everyone was wandering through the park trying to figure out what was going on. We started walking down the street when the park finally lit up around 6:45. YAWN. Oh, a few of the trees were amazing but the majority were just so-so.  Someone told us that all the trees downtown Glendale were lit along the street. When we left the street was still not lit. What a big disappointment. It would have helped had many of the stores been open, but alas, only a few scant ones were open. There was no hot chocolate or coffee vendors and only two glow stick sellers in the park. Definitely not worth the trip. Needs lots of improvements before we will return, if ever.
