4	When you buy a home that is nearly 60 years old, you inherit a host of issues. There is always a leaky faucet, a drippy roof, a previously abandoned septic tank that you find by plunging in to the earth while trying to water your lawn, etc. As a result, you are forced to form a bond with home improvement stores that is tighter than Jessica Alba's ass. I absolutely love rummaging through Walt's Ace Hardware. In fact, nine times out of ten, I will choose this place over one of the big box stores in a heartbeat. They have a surprisingly large amount of stock, despite their small stature. Yes, they might not have 52 plate covers to choose from for that bare outlet, but they will have 10 to choose from and quite honestly, there is probably one that will work just fine. The staff is unbelievably helpful and generally quite knowledgeable, offering up suggestions etc. Prices are competitive. And they even have freshly popped pop corn for $0.25 a bag to bolster your energy on the way home to tackle that next project. Other pluses are that parking is never an issue, you will never have to wait in the checkout line for a time period that is greater than the rest of your shopping excursion combined, they don't bug their eyes out at you if it appears that you just went spelunking in your back yard (mud and all), and you won't be accosted by out of work handymen on your way in or out.If you are in the need for some home pick-me-ups, give Walt's a try and see if you don't agree that they improve the improvement process.
5	I don't know why I bother going to Wal-Mart for anything home-improvement related. Their customer service sucks and they never have what I need. A couple of weeks ago, our toilet started refilling the reservoir tank intermittently. By intermittently, I mean every 2 minutes. All night long. So I decided to replace some components in the tank. Unfortunately, the shut-off valve was corroded and needed to be replaced. Drat! My initial trip to this Ace involved me thinking I was too smart to ask for assistance. The end result was going home with the wrong shut-off valve, the wrong fill valve and a too-long supply hose. By the time I realized this error, it was too late to return to the store and get the right items--hence, the Wal-Mart revelation. When I was able to return to Ace, I asked for assistance. They were able to exchange the wrong items I picked up for the right supplies, and did it with a smile. I even was able to get some keys cut at the same time. Sweet!
4	As a proud owner and overhauled of a 1951 Ranch home, I'm a connoisseur of hardware stores in the same way a social media fan is a connoisseur of coffee houses.As my local hardware store, Walt's is my go to place for my home reno needs.  Sure, I still shop at the big box stores for materials, etc,.  But Walt's can't be beat for those last minute items you forgot you needed, ran out of, or broke.  As well, it's small but well stocked shop is much easier to navigate, and the staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable and able to make recommendations about what you need.  Moreover as they are located in a mid century neighborhood, they are familiar with the challenges of dealing with older houses in a way that a lot of the staff in big box stores simply aren't.So if you are tired of the soulless big box experience, give Walt's a  try next time you need to do something around your home. You won't be disappointed.
4	Great place to get something fast. Prices at times higher that home depot but it beats driving far for one thing.
4	Oh how I wished Walt's had better hours. With that being said though, that's the only thing sad about Walt's. It's like your little friendly neighborhood hardware store. I've gone to grab paint swatches. I've gone to have keys made. I've gone to pick up caulk last minute. You name it, I've been able to grab it at Walt's and everyone is always sure where everything is when you aren't. It's almost like if you were to walk into a grocery store and hand someone your list and they walk you through in the most efficient way possible. It's that awesome. Through Walt's I've learned that stud finders are in locked cabinets. I never would've known that :) Those studs... They're dangerous I tell you.
5	This Ace Hardware is very close to my house, so i have gone here quite often.  They have great sales all the time and i get a coupon every now and then as well. They carry an amazing amount of products. Which is very handy.  Any time i need a key cut i come here. They are very helpful, fast and efficient.  Plus a good price for the keys. Lots of parking, good selection and close by!
5	I have been going to this Ace Hardware for 20 years now. Always a good place to  go for all your needs with your house.  They everything in every dept. that you can use to help you build, repair and fix. Love to go here for keys to be cut.  Great customer service. Plus they always have seasonal things for holidays as well.    Lots of parking in the lot.
5	Great little hardware store with excellent service!Unlike the big orange box stores, I have never failed to receive a friendly greeting when walking into this store and you can't walk through the store without being offered assistance, generally multiple times.They will make sure you find exactly the parts you need and they'll help you as much or as little you need to find those parts. Plus, like the old-fashioned hardware stores I loved as a kid, they still sell lots of fun stuff such as hobbyist gear and some home and garden decorations!Don't let the fact that it's at 19th Avenue and Indian School scare you off, this is a great place to take care of all your home improvement needs!
5	This hardware store in my local go to spot. It's nice having someone readily available to answer my many questions. HANDYMAN I AM NOT!
5	I love this hardware store - just bought a house and had been running to Home Depot for every little thing until I discovered Walt's near my neighborhood. Extremely knowledgeable staff, super friendly. And in the rare case that they do not have what I am looking for they give suggestions or offer to order it right away!
4	My deadbeat boyfriend used to be in charge of the hardware department but since I kicked him to the curb I've had to venture out into this realm.  So happy I found this place on Yelp.  Can't say enough about the great customer service.  So glad they had knowledgeable people to help this dingbat out and find just what I needed.The only downside (and hence the four stars) was the pricing seemed a little high.  Not that I'm the best judge mind you.  I think I could have saved at Home Depot but then again I wouldn't have got the same level of help so it's a trade off is all I'm saying.
5	This is one of the friendliest hardware stores I have ever been too!  The staff is always so helpful, and this has become my go to place to buy supplies for my business, paint for all my projects, and tools/supplies for those tough projects.  The knowledgeable and friendly staff will continue to make me a return customer..
5	Incredibly helpful and friendly staff. They make it easy to find exactly what you're looking for--and quickly!
3	I've been coming to Walt's for years, since it's old location across the street. I've tried to go out of my way to support it because I like the diverse selection and small hardware store vibe, but it's hard to keep wanting to support it. The last visit I made I was looking for a simple eye bolt, and couldn't get a staff member to help, a couple of the guys were bullshitting around in the nuts and bolts instead of working. Finally, I got one of the other folks to help me find the exact bolt. When I got to the register, the customer in front of me got prices mixed up on some chain, and an angry little man ran up to the counter and began arguing with the customer, saying the prices were labeled wrong but he (the customer) should have known and just generally being an ass to him. I believe this man was the manager. I was damn near about to walk out but the bolt was under $2 so I figured I might as well get it and go. For the most part, the staff is friendly and tries really hard to help the customer, but the past few visits have made it hard to stay going here. I'll take my business to another ace for the time being.
5	Employees are knowledgeable, quick and they know where things are. That's 90% of what you need in a hardware store. They also have those weird specialty items/tools that you'll only use once - but they will save you like 10 hours of frustration. That's the other 10% of what u need in a hardware store.
5	This hardware is very convenient and has competitive prices and they provide good service. Thank you Frank!
5	Went in for a re-screening of my patio door, GREAT service, nice job, fast turnaround, good price.I found a place that understands customer service!
5	I was very pleased with the selection here. I just needed a few screws to finish the job and I have been into many a Ace... With that said, this was one of the best kept, most helpful Ace Hardware that I have visited. I found everything I needed and will be back as my local quick stop hardware shop.
1	Just a little warning for anybody about the shop at  Ace Hardware. I just purchased two 2x4  total cost with taxes $19.47.Compared to $4.13 at a big box store.To me that seems a little excessive and unjustifiable Mark up.
4	've been in Phoenix, AZ for 5 days as a solo traveller, stayed at the Leo House for 5 nights and it was great! I stayed in a room with private bathroom and even though it looked quite old it was very comfortable and clean! The bed was really comfortable, two pillows were provided as well as ear plugs my room was not facing 23rd street and was quiet. I could still hear some ambulances every now and then but hey! it is Phoenix, AZafter all. Tere was a TV in the room and air conditioning and they both worked just perfectly. On the first day I had some problems with the safety box which I thought was not working properly and got immediate assistance! The bathroom also looked quite old but shower and hot water were working perfectly too. And believe me: being able to take a proper shower after the whole day in the city is a plus!
