4	The best Pho in town!
4	This was a really cute place with some really great food.  The traditional Vietnamese food is some of the best I've had.  Granted I haven't had very much experience with it, but still it was pretty darn good.  Plus they have bubble tea, along with many other varieties of exotic fruit drinks.The food was very fresh and flavorful.  Their soups are really worth a try, even though they may sound questionable.  The service was excellent as well. They were attentive and fast and just made sure everything was perfect.
3	Usually, my vegetarianism doesn't have much of an impact on me enjoying a restaurant (excluding steak houses and BBQ pits that, unwisely, don't have awesome hushpuppies or cornbread for me to stuff my face with). At Truc, it takes what could be an amazing, authentic experience, squeezes it through an ameri-chinese tube and onto my plate, which I sit sadly staring at, envious of other, far more interesting dishes and bowls being distributed to other diners.There are 8 things to order from on this 100-item plus menu, if you don't eat the meat. They range from lo mein to chop suey to what I got, lemongrass tofu and hot peppers. I asked for very very spicy, and it got there very very spicy, bird's eye chili's abounding, which was rad, and bumped this review from 2 to 3 stars. Maybe I've just been spoiled by umpteen million choices at Lang Van and Ben Thanh... but the last thing I wanted when I came to Truc was boring Chinese, no matter how hot it was.Fresh durian shake and a friend's cravings for bubble tea will bring me back, but I wish there were more here for me to eat. Ah well.
4	I ate at Lang Van twice before coming here.  This place is authentic.  I had the Bun Bo Hue. For those of you who eat that it did come with the tiet.  I had the goi cuon, bun bo hue and xi moui soda ( only it didn't come out as a soday- oh well).  Goi Cuon wasn't too big but the pork and shrimp was good.  There was a nice balance of herbs.  The Bun Bo Hue came out in a nice big bowl.  Lots of herbs, onions and meat.  I was surprise to find gan in my soup.  It usually get it with my pho but was pleasantly surprise.  I also had a durian shake to go.  Forgot to ask for the boba with it.  Wish I found this place earlier.  I could of had 3 great meals instead of 2 mediocre (Lang Van) and 1 great meal (Truc).  I took a star away for the neighborhood.
4	Truc might be as authentic as you can get...starting with it's prime location. It's located in Asian Corner N. Tryon and Sugar Creek. The location is authentic because the strip mall is just so reminiscent of the asian plazas and strip malls back home in Ca. Nice touch.Truc is so authentic that some of the menu items really aren't for the faint at heart. None of it has really been toned down for the American palate. If you're a regular Andrew Zimmer though, have at it! If you want to avoid the crowds, do not go during early morning, lunch hours. Most asians traditionally eat pho in the mornings, so weekends here are crowded. Dinner is completely empty. There was only one other customer here at dinner. Normally I have pho here, but this time I opted for the combination chao ga - rice porridge. The one thing I could have done without was the diced raw ginger. Just way too strong for me and it ruined my meal. Other than that, it wasn't too bad. Since it was a combination, it came with everything. I mean everything. I don't want to get into detail for those landlubbers who get seasick; but if you're a novice, it might make your stomach drop like a roller coaster. Overall usually very consistent and one of my regular pho restaurants.
4	Had a very nice-tasting bowl of bun here -- thick noodles with good texture, generous portions of grilled meat, nice grilled flavor permeating everything.  Compared to some of the more familiar Vietnamese places in town the flavors are pretty unsubtle and strong.  We asked for fresh coconut juice and got giant glasses of delicious fresh-squeezed orange juice instead, but it was so good we didn't bother to try to correct the mistake.  The restaurant interior was somewhat downscale but seemed clean and pleasant enough, though the air conditioning could not keep up with the oppressive heat today.  The weird part of the place is, of course, braving the gigantic car-eating potholes at Asian Corners.  As an adventure bonus, we poked around the stinky, dim interior of the mall, finding a very authentic-looking Hong Kong BBQ place with a front window full of glistening roasted ducks on skewers, but little else open.  The whole scene up there is very postapocalyptic, like Asian Corners was re-established in the wake of a disaster that destroyed the infrastructure and man's capacity to fix it -- but hey, we can still cook tasty grilled meat in the ruins.
4	I love this place! Great service and good food.The only downfall is that it's in a run down area, but the food is great. They have the best summer rolls in town. I go there for their Vietnamese pho, vermecilli salads and summer rolls. And of course their bubble tea are super yummy also!If you love Vietnamse food you won't go wrong with this place.
4	I wanted to get some type of pho with tofu and veggies instead of beef, and they were very accommodating! The girlfriend got a tofu lemon grass which was delicious also....they were able to substitute the rice for some vermicelli for her.We capped off the meal with a mango bubble tea, everyone's favorite Vietna...uh Taiwanese drink. It was probably made with powder, but it tasted pretty good nonetheless.I would definitely hit up this place again next time I'm in Charlotte. (just don't let the decrepit shopping center throw you off!)
2	I was a wee bit underwelmed when I visited this little Pho place in the well known "Asian market with the bomb testing ground parking lot" on tryon. The service was friendly and fast but no one really knew what was going on. THe Pho lacked the traditional light spice taste from anise or 5-spice. I mean this place was fine for a lunch where I was only there to fill my gut at the momment, most likely I will not be back.We had started off the meal with fresh summer-rolls. Somewhat fresh but the dipping sauce tasted somewhat from a jar. Almost too sweet, and misleading with crushed peanuts on top. The other thing we ordered was the pho with the soft tendon, tripe, and rare steak, While it was a rather large order of pho it came with a miniscule plate of accopaniments. Barely enough basil for me, let alone my fiance! like I said the beef broth is very lightly flavored.As for the service, they were fast, but the attention to detail was lacking. I ordered a boboa smoothie and it wasnt until after I recieved the beverage that I was informed that, "We forgot to brew the Tapioca today." That is something you tell the patron before you give them a chalky smoothie without glorious tapioca pearls. THEN!!! the fact I wasn't comped for something that tasted like chalk and coldness with pineapple. Outrage! The saving grace was that The tripe and the soft tendon were perfect.SOooo... anyother ideas for Pho in Charlotte that doesnt suck?I know this isn't Portland but come on!!!
4	I'm rarely a 1-dish woman, but at Truc, I am.  Tofu with Lemon Grass & Peppers baby!  I normally come here with my parents for dinner (may I say serious mooch-off); it's like a freaking deja-vu: Dad always orders Pho (rare beef & tendon), Mom orders Porkchop rice plate, and I order a summer roll starter & tofu.  And it's consistently yummy.Pho soup base is good, some places I've been has some odd herbal taste to it but not here (and don't forget the fish sauce and what my friends and I refer to as the "cock" (hot) sauce haha).  The regular size isn't huge.  Rice plates serve with broken rice or regular white rice.  I like their grilled meat but more so the scallion on the rice. Now my tofu... which is a little spicy with tons of onions and peppers.  It goes very well with rice.  Tofu itself is crispy on the outside and soft inside.  My only complaint is not enough tofu.Mind you this is in the Asian Corner strip mall, so the location may look "questionable" to some.  2 PSAs: avoid taking your low-riding sport car here... if you have never been to this parking lot, it closely resembles the moon's surface... in fact I think NASA should train here AND Truc is one of the Dividend Miles Dining program with US Airways, so use your registered credit card to pay and earn miles!
4	I was pretty set on hu tieu nam vang when I was on my way to Truc, but I saw that they had mi quang as a weekly special and since finding good mi quang has been a continuous quest for me during the last 3 years.It wasn't bad, and did more of that bumrush all your senses deal that I've been craving than some places but still cannot capture the white whaleness of my dreamsAlso, are wood ear mushrooms unavailable in Charlotte? I've ordered egg rolls 3 times and they never have them.
4	Really great Pho here. The rice noodles combo dish is excellent too. Never had a bad dish here, been coming here for years. The atmosphere is sedate and there is tv musak allways on, often vietnamese variety shows.
4	Great pho, good prices! Gotta love the Asian Corner Mall. The bubble tea is good too. Will definitely return.
5	Thumbs up! Coming from San Diego and being Vietnamese myself, I am definitely spoiled with excellent Vietnamese food at every corner. And this restaurant was delicious! We ordered the special pho and special rice plate and we have nothing bad to say. Btw, their sate (chili pepper) is extremely hot so be careful not to put too much or you'll be chowing down water.The outside decor could definitely use some work though. The building is run down and the outside itself looks very unsafe. But we'll be back whenever we're in town for their delicious food!
5	We were a bit dubious about this restaurant because of the location but boy were we happily surprised. It was a home run. I had a tofu dish and my fellow had the noodle soup and both were outstanding. It is worth a trip to this dowdy shopping center just to eat at Truc. And it was so cheap!
5	Hidden Gem - excellent service, easy parking, QUALITY, DELICIOUS food 2 minutes away from NoDa.  Lang Van has nothing on these guys and I don't know why everyone keeps going there when this place exists.I have had pretty much everything on their menu, last night I had the lemongrass beef vermicelli dish which was perfect.  The flavors were WONDERFUL, the noodles perfect and my friend had the lemongrass chicken dish with broken rice.  Do not be deceived by the parking lot that looks like giant craters.  Walk in and you will be helped.  Hope you share this with your friends so that more people experience this lovely place.
5	As everyone else has mentioned, this place is a hidden gem. Have reservations about the shady shopping center? Put them aside! The food was amazing. I had the meat combo spicy fried rice (yes, i went to a Vietnamese restaurant and ordered fried rice, i wanted to try it) and it was amazingly tasty, addictive even. My wife had beef vermicelli, which she also loved and the small bite she let me have was quite tasty. Need your Asian fix but disappointed with Miyagi's in NoDa? Ya, me too, try Truc out.
4	This place is it. Traditional and family owned. Plenty of seating and a decently clean establishment. This is my 2nd time back, so revisits are expected. An ngon!
2	ordered the special/house chow fun...mediocre in taste and presentation btw. halfway thru the meal, found a piece of hair nestled into the meat/noodle combo. yuck. informed the waitress, she replied, well, i can take 50% off... since you ate most of it already. uhhh? even if i ate the meal entirely, i wouldnt have paid for it. but in the end, she kindly took off the chow fun portion from our check.
3	Been asking around to try new pho places and someone mentioned Truc and 3 other places & since Truc was closer to us, we decided to check it out.Arrived there and there was one other group and us & that's about it. Maybe because it was 1.5 hour till closing, but it was very quiet. The lady who took our orders spoke broken English, of course, but still very understandable. Ordered #7 pho in large at $9.50 and #30 of broken rice place with pork chop at $10.50. It didn't took long till our food arrived. Pho was delicious, but I didn't like my pork chop very much. It was dry and tasted a lot like fish sauce and reminded me of Chinese sausage for some reason, but I did try to eat as much as I can because it was expensive!!So after eating part of my pork chop, I chow down my husband's bowl of pho as it was full of beef tendons. I love tendons and they gave us a lot. Other than that, I don't think I will come back here other than for pho because we got a huge bowl of pho for $9.50. I think it's huge, lol.
5	The food was amazing and the Pho was delicious.
