5	Delicious sandwiches, soups, and cookies! My favorite sandwich is the Vermonter. This is there second restaurant, which has a bit more room than the first location. I don't eat seafood, but I'm told the lobster bisque and Maine cheddar biscuit are crazy good! I will definitely be back for more!
5	Have been to the other location a few times and loved it so we tried the new location. I had lobster bisque and a new roast beef sandwich. They were great, the bisque was much more than just bisque with lobstr and veggies. Great food and very friendly. Before people find it its great and not busy weekends, unlike the othr location. You wont be dissapointed.
5	Great sandwiches at a great price... Had the French Dip, very good, Jus was nice too. My wife loved her turkey sandwich, not sure which one she had but the ingredients here are top notch so you can't go wrong no matter what you order! They deliver too, probably take advantage next time
1	I placed an order through GrubHub and had a couple of modifications on two of the sandwiches (i.e. no mayonnaise and no tomato).  When I received the order the two sandwiches were not modified like I ordered.  When I called to let the restaurant know I was expecting an apology but instead she was very hostile.  She said that she was very busy and that it is difficult to make modifications when they are busy.  I am sure that most restaurants are busy during lunch time and I have never had any issues with other restaurants making modifications.  I have never written a review, good or bad, but I was extremely disappointed with the attitude by the woman who answered the phone.  A simple apology would have been nice and I would have been okay with the ordeal, but she didn't even recognize that she was at fault and got very defensive.  Horrible customer service, never ordering from there again.  Best of luck.
5	I can't tell you how excited I was when I saw this place was open. The original location was near my old office and went there all the time.  Then sadly my office moved north and for the past couple years I have been forced to settle for just an occasional visit.  But now they have opened a new place very close to my new office.! Same great quality real food same very friendly people working there But there is one thing that is different the parking is so much better
4	Same great sandwiches as their original location.  Not as crowded and plenty of tables to sit and enjoy lunch.
2	I went there this morning and was looking for a quick breakfast sandwich.  They are supposed to be open at 6:30AM and I walked in around 7:15AM and no coffee brewed and I had to search to find a breakfast menu.Sandwich was okay but it took about 20 minutes to get a sandwich.  I hope they get their act together or they arent going to make it very long.
4	I am not sure I understand the concept of New England style lunches...but the sandwiches are good. I like the fact that you can order a half or a full sandwich.  They have paninis too...The menu is varied and  havecome  to like the chicken coop sandwich which is chicken salad on multi grain bread. The only thing I don't care for at Vermont Sandwich Co are their sides. On two separate occasions, I've had the potato salad and the cole slaw - and there was nothing to rave about either of them...so skip the sides and get chips or a cookie instead. Enjoy!
3	Mediocre sandwich place for sure. Place is clean and employees are friendly but food is mediocre. Went in for lunch with two coworkers and it took 15 mins to make 3 sandwiches. Defiantly left disappointed!
3	I put in my order at 12:05. 45 minutes later it's still not ready and I have no lunch. There was maybe 8 people in there total so it wasn't overly crowded. That is just unacceptable for a chicken wrap. Which was quite good though.
2	Nothing new, not much different than Jersey Mikes or Jimmy Johns.  Service is slow and they are more concerned taking telephone orders than customers in the store.  I had the butternut squash soup, for some reason they seasoned it with rosemary, nutmeg yes but rosemary.  It makes me wonder if they can read a recipe.  It doesn't seem like the people running it ever had any experience.  The one thing you can say is that it isn't fast food, it took 25 minutes to get a half sandwich and a cup of soup.
1	Ok here it goes...  Upon entering found several tables had not been cleaned, employees arguing about taking phone orders and those customers waiting to place an order as well.  Kitchen looked like a mess with plates all over the place. Several tables of people waiting for their food. Here is what our party ordered.1 Deadhead wrap / No Banana Peppers & Red Onions2 Vermonter / No onions on sandwich and side saladReceived the 2 Vermonter's 19 minutes after ordering with Onions included.Received the Deadhead 21 minutes after ordering once the owner asked what I had order because she threw away the order slip after she made the 2 sandwiches. I told her the Deadhead minus the Banana Peppers and Onions. Proceed to eat the wrap and guess what... It had Banana Peppers and Onions inside. I set this aside and only ate the side of mac salad (pretty decent) As I am finishing up owner walks by and ask how everything was. I stated fair at best, given that all 3 items did not come as our party ordered. She has the nerve to say to me that I should have asked for her to remake it. Ok.. maybe I should have but clearly told you as you where making my wrap not to put banana peppers and onions in it.At the bottom of my receipt it states the following:"We wish we were perfect, so you'll need to retain this receipt. Notify us immediately (within 2hours) if there are errors with your order. We will correct any issues as quickly as possible." So what this really means is... Yes we only strive to succeeded about 75% of the time. We will try and correct it, but we only succeeded at that about 75 or 80% of the time. I have never eaten at an establishment that had the printed on the bottom of the receipt. In an area of many choices for lunch one would think that this place would try and hit a homerun every time. I prefer the mom and pop establishments over chains any day of the week. However this place is lacking a lot and if they don't change how they communicate, provide service, and execute delivery of their products they will be out of business sooner rather then later. I hope that is not the case and they can address major issues in running this business. The food: Pretty decent, however it takes a backseat (pretty far back) compared to the issues above.  Take away from this review:Long wait for food to arriveCommunication an issue with employees and owner working behind counterCleanliness: tables dirty, place needs a good cleaning.
4	If you're in the North Scotts. area looking for lunch in a locally owned (rare in this part of town) very well run casual place with great sandwiches, Vermont Sandwich Co is your place.  It's at the Southwest corner of Bell and Pima, just north of Frank Lloyd Wright west of the 101, right next to the sports bar.There's plenty of indoor seating, and several covered outdoor tables where you can watch the game from the sports bar.  Order at the counter, get your drink, grab a table and they will bring your food to you.  The staff is friendly and will help you navigate through their tasty, inventive sandwich menu.  The ingredients are the best quality and are all excellent on their own, so you can't go wrong picking something with ingredients you like.  My only negative is sometimes the quantity of ingredients can be skimpy, but most of the time that is not the case.Highly recommend!
5	Jodi and her team made us feel welcome the moment we walked in the door. The smell of fresh baked goods, homemade condiments and meat cooked in house was evident. Coca-cola products on tap as well as iced tea. I ordered the Vermonter. Bread was fresh, meat was abundant and the cranberry mayo was awesome. They have a vegetarian selection as well as gluten free. Definitely a place to go. They are even open for breakfast. Only downside? No sign. But no business there does. Find it and enjoy.
2	We were headed to Firehouse Subs when I saw the sign for this place from the 101 so I quickly yelped it and decided we should give it a try. My husband is a sandwich lover and so I thought he would love it here.We had a bit of a struggle to find this place as it is tucked in between two other restaurants near a medical complex. The interior is pretty small however there are tables outside. We were immediately greeted and everyone we encountered was friendly. The food was ok.....we had baked potato soup (bland), I had a meatloaf sandwich (ok), husband had the special (ham panini) which was burnt, our kiddos split a turkey sandwich and fluffernutter. The fluffernutter was the highlight. While we were waiting we observed a few upset customers due to the fact that it was taking so long to get food. For a sandwich shop the wait was rather long. Saw a lot of people picking up orders to-go so maybe this impacted the speed.I actually read the reviews for the Via Linda location, which may have been the issue. That location gets better reviews. Would we return? Probably not - at least not to this location.
5	Easily the best sandwich shop in Scottsdale!  Fresh ingredients, meat prepared IN HOUSE, fresh baked cookies daily, delicious homeade soup on the reg, and a VERY attractive and friendly staff!  You have a choice.........you can either go to the chain sandwich shops, which have processed meats and borderline ill prepared fixings.  Or for the same price, possibly even LOWER, you can support a LOCAL MA and PA establishment that does EVERYTHING fresh and with heart.  If you love and respect yourself and your tastebuds, you'd stop going to the formulaic/dispassionate CORPORATE run sandwich establishments(just b/c it's easier), and you'd become a regular at a restaurant that serves food that tastes fresh and that is just OVERALL better for your health.  It's a NO BRAINER!!!!  FYI, hot sandwiches WILL take a little longer to make on account that they have to get toasted or go on a panini press; anyone with a heartbeat and/or the ability to produce saliva UNDERSTANDS this.  Yet, I've been in the restaurant when a few of the more vapid customers failed to comprehend this basic principle of Science, and they throw a public tantrum as a result.  If you're in a hurry..... PHONE AHEAD OF TIME.  They DELIVER as well.I'm living in CO now, and will sure miss this place.  However, you can bet your bippy I'll return WHENEVER I'm back in the area.
2	I'm not sure what to think about this place. The first time I ordered, I got a french dip and it was pretty good. But today I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and it was pretty bad. It tasted a bit soil-y, like the lettuce was unwashed. The bread was dry and stale and the whole sandwich crumbled apart. My coworkers got wraps and seemed to like them, but I probably won't order from here again.
1	If there was less than 1 star this place would get it!!! The worst service ever and not by one employee but multiple.... I've been here multiple times and I really want to like this place but literally they screw something up or silo we horrible service.. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	We went in on a Saturday lunch.  I had the meatloaf sandwich (but got it on a garlic bagel instead)HOLY COW!!!  Hands down, the best meatloaf sandwich in Arizona.  The tangy glaze on it made it amazing.He also DELIVERS IN THE AIRPARK! They will soon know me by voice when I call in.Friendly service, great food, don't miss the hand-blended lemonade!My first sampling of the food was by proxy (someone brought it to me) and it was the chicken salad... another Wow!I am supposed to be gluten-free, but cheated on this trip, he said he would do lettuce wraps upon request.
