4	10% OFF TOP OF THE LINE BRANDS!!!While I have never had a service here, I discovered this store soon after I moved to Scottsdale. They carry the entire line of Dermalogica- one of my favorite beauty brands- & stores that maintain a stock like that are a-ok in my book. On top of Dermalogica (my brand of choice), Beauty Brands carries Tweezerman, Essie, Murad, TIGI, Pureology, etc. All top of the line brands. The thing that brings me back is that these brands almost never ever, ever go on sale but Beauty Brands gives 10% off for every $100 spent. So after the first $100 I spent (not hard on these sort of products), I got a coupon for 10% off my next purchase. I use the coupon on my next purchase, take 10% off, make sure I spend over $100 & get another coupon for next time. If I am short of $100, I get another of an item I would purchase in a month anyway. The only warning I have about this store is that the people who work there are complete dunces. I don't mean Jessica-Simpson-do-bufffalo's-have-wings dunces, I mean can't-count-to-ten dunces. Check your receipt & your change. I'd say 75% of the times I have made purchases here, one or both is wrong.
5	I was in this Beauty Brands location back in October 2010 buying some nail polish. I ended up getting my makeup done, which was great (forget the esthetician's name).  While getting my makeup done, I met Carissa, a hair stylist there.  I had a long consultation with her, and went back three days later for a haircut.  I went from long to mid-length layered, and was nervous about it but I was ready.  Carissa is an amazing hair stylist.  She is friendly, helpful, takes her time, knows what she is doing, does an excellent job.  I went back for a trim 2 days ago and she did another excellent job on my cut.  I couldn't be happier.  Her cuts are quite reasonably priced, too.Beauty Brands also has a guarantee that if a product doesn't work for you, you can obtain a store credit to get something else.  The people there are very helpful and friendly, and help you find the product that is right for you.  Easy parking in a convenient location. (Trader Joe's/Whole Foods shopping center.)  The nail/massage area is quite nice - private and quiet.
2	Value of the Spa Pedicure is awful.  They sell it as the "most relaxing" and that they massage and use special scrubs "from the knee down" - they do not.  My "massage", which I could barely feel went just slightly above my ankle.  The actual exfoliating part of the pedicure barely happened - I need to find ANOTHER place to do the job they didn't do.  I paid $52 (incl. $8 tip) and feel completely ripped off.  Oh, and the top coat they use, is NOT a fast dry top coat like every other salon I've ever been to.  Result?  Messed up polish on 4 of my toes.  Not happy at all.
5	Got my haircut here for the first time here, and it was great. Donald cut my hair and he was great. We got along as if we known each other for years and he cut my hair exactly the style I wanted.
5	This review is about hair stylist Carissa at Beauty Brands salon in Paradise Valley.  I live less than a mile from here but had been driving to Arrowhead to get my hair trimmed by Shelby.  I had been wanting to try a new stylist just closer to home.  When I called to make the appointment I asked for a senior stylist who was good with long hair.  I was getting a trim and style.  I wished I had taken a "before" picture so I could post it.  Let me tell you.. I had just rolled out of bed and was looking like one hot mess!  What a transformation.  Carissa made my hair look FABULOUS!!.  She even gave me a scalp massage when she washed my hair and also she took her time blowdrying my hair and made sure it was perfect.  Carissa is very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.  She seems very focused on her career and told me that she attends regular hair shows and keeps up on the hair trends and techniques. I'm so happy i found a hair stylist so close to my home.
5	Best place to get your beauty products, hands down. Everyone is friendly and helpful without being pushy. They have great deals if you sign up for their mailing list...sometimes they send cards in the mail with vouchers for a FREE full size product with any purchase. They have special ladies night out events with raffle prizes, and discounts on salon services. I have never left empty handed or without a smile on my face.FYI, they take ULTA coupons too!!! and you can stack them with your beauty brands take ten!!
5	Besides the fact that the store is stocked with the best products, the salon is amazing too. I recently got highlights and I have not been this satisfied in years!!My stylist, Christina, even hand wrote me a thank you post card for coming in. That was a really nice personal touch that I don't think I've gotten anywhere else before.Price is reasonable. You get what you pay for, and I don't pretend to have short hair. I got to use my 10% off voucher on the service also.When I was sitting in the chair while she was mixing color, I of course looked around. All the stylists there seemed to enjoy what they were doing, and other customers looked happy as well.The floor was well kept up too. I've gone to "fancier" salons, and have not been anywhere near this happy.
5	I stopped by this Beauty Brands for the first time last week after yoga class looking for a dry shampoo and had no idea what kind I wanted. All of the girls immediately recommended their favorites and found the bottle for me. They were very friendly and continued to offer their advise on other products. I am very satisfied with my choice and would definitely go back! Maybe even try the salon....
5	I got a Yelp just so I could review my experience at Beauty Brands. I love this place especially now after the remodel. It's so nice and easily laid out where you can find everything you need.My last visit and I have been here a couple of times to get my hair cut and colored and wasn't always impressed but I like the salon and booked another appointment there with stylist Lisa. First of all Lisa is the first hairdresser I have seen that has super cute hair and does hair...I don't know how many stylist I have been too that has some crummy looking hair which makes it hard to trust them with my hair. Right from the start I told Lisa what I would like and we talked about it and she detailed everything out for me...she is not pushy at all and just super friendly and knows what she is talking about. I didn't get much done to my hair just kinda cleaned up and cut more into a style and OMG I love my hair! Lisa did such a beautiful job! I get compliments on it and its the first time ever that I have said wow I really love my hair!! Lisa is for sure my new stylist and I will be making all my appointments with her...I can't wait till next week to see how she colors my hair! :)
5	Best place ever for all your hair and nail needs!!!!! I will always got to beauty brands for my hair and nails, never been happier, also awesome deals on hair and skin products...
