1	By far, the most corrupt company I have ever dealt with!  I had to cancel service because I had 5 false alarms in a 6 month period, the police department ended up called out 2 of the times which ultimately cost me $$, and then when I cancelled service AND paid a termination fee, they continued to charge my credit card!!!!  Absolutely illeagal!!!!!  Their service is awful and I would rather get robbed than deal with this company.  Do yourself a favor and NEVER do business with ADT/Safe Streets USA.
1	I purchased a home earlier this spring and began accumulating quotes from different security companies, lawncare companies, pest control services, etc.  Like most consumers I was trying to find vendors who offered the right services, had affordable pricing and were friendly and knowledgeable.  Here is why I did NOT choose Protect Your Home:1.  The sales rep was very friendly over the phone BUT gave me some incorrect information.  She told me the camera system did not require an internet connection, but it does.  She also quoted me a price under $600 and when the technician came out to visit, he said that was wrong and it would be almost $1400.2.  The technician was also not very knowledgeable.  He wanted to plug in a camera outside (which is easier for him, but easy for a criminal to unplug) and then actually raised his voice to my electrician and argued when my electrician said he could hardwire the camera from inside.3.  The technician who visited was one of the pushiest, most unprofessional people I have ever met.  When I told him I was just collecting information and not ready to sign up he told me "I drove almost an hour to come out here and now you don't even want a system?" and "My boss and I only get paid if you leave the account open."  I was very uncomfortable and asked him to leave, but he remained in my front yard trying to persuade me to sign up.  He did not leave until both my neighbor and my electrician came to interrupt the conversation.4.  When I asked for a written quote the technician flipped over a used piece of paper and scribbled a few things in illegible handwriting and gave it to me.  That was the quote??!5.  When I called the technician's boss he asked why I couldn't make a decision without consulting my "techie friend" (my licensed electrician who I was paying thousands of dollars to rewire the entire 82 year old house).6.  I called the company to file a formal complaint and the representative on the phone told me he's been doing this for 10 years and "does not get these types of calls" but did not apologize.  He also refused to give me a quote in writing.  I'm sorry but I refuse to sign any contract or authorize any service until I see something in writing.So, that's my story.  Just an all around odd situation.  I wound up paying CPI $350 to do the exact same thing.  They are cheap, professional, knowledgeable and friendly.
1	So not even 24 hours after my house was broken into, one of their sales vultures shows up at my house in his slick black Mercedes Benz, uninvited, without me having called the company, and tries to sell me on a security system.What a bunch of scumbags. You'll never see a dime from me.
