4	I'm here on opening night! They just opened the doors and already there are a few excited locals here checking the place out. I wanted to focus on their handcrafted signature cocktails so I started with the green bitch. It was earthy and refreshing. My buddy tried the Eros, fruity and sweet. Now I'm onto the cosmos, the combination of rose syrup and lime mixed with vodka and solerno is delightful.  The bronze hand  beer taps are rad and there's lots of awesome artwork and textures all over the walls. The bartenders are all super friendly. Great first impressions here.
5	Just recently stopped in and was impressed. Excellent and unusual drinks. Good beer selection. Nice spot
4	Stopped in for the first time last night after hearing about this place long before it opened for business.  It's located along a part of Main Street that houses mostly antique shops and furniture stores, but I am so glad things are turning around there.  Perhaps because of the location, it has a distinctly local vibe to it, which made it very comfortable and relaxed (more so than Fremont East). The crowd was a mix of young and old, professional and hip.  The drink service was a bit slow early in the night when only the owners were there, but it picked up later on.  The beer selection is very thoughtful and the specialty drinks looked good as well.  Reasonably priced, too.  If you go downtown, this place is a must.
3	So, like everyone it seems, we heard about their opening and decided to check it out when we got tired of downtown one Saturday night. It was very easy to locate and from the outside it looks like a neat place. It was a little packed, but not too packed. The only issue I had was that everyone would stand in the path for people to get from the door to the bar. They would stand in front of the bar, facing away, while people had to scoot past them just to sit at the bar. Little annoying, but not the places fault. People just need to learn to use the open space they had all the way on  the other side of the place. I really like how they have their beer list on chalkboard. It lets me know that they change their beers, variety is always good. Their craft cocktail list is super unique. I remember the Green Bitch drink. It had a very interesting flavor. Someone had a beer called Le Freak or something too. Their drinks are very distinctive and I enjoy the creativity people put into their businesses, especially bars. The staff at the time seemed cool, but one girl was pretty short with us. Not sure why. We had a group of 6, new to the place, not sure what we wanted or what was there and just kept staring at us like, "will you pick already". Little rude, but the rest of the staff was nice. The decor and atmosphere is very chill and puts you in one of those moods where you want to just sit and sip a stiff cocktail or brandy. Unique and chill, that is the overall description I can assess.
4	Stopped in after work this past Monday with a coworker and really enjoyed the atmosphere.  If the lack of pretension doesn't indicate you're not on East Fremont anymore, the $1 Happy Hour Pacificos should. There was a nice mix of people, staff was pleasant and attentive, and there is a nice craft beer selection and a list of unique cocktails.  They have their urban lounge designation so there are a couple of VP machines if you're into that.  Only drawback for some might be the lack of food service, but with Casa Don Juan a hop, skip and jump away it isn't a big deal.
4	What began as a very sad story ended well. I was watching my girlfriend's house while she was out of town. So I had to go and water her plants, feed the cat, and horror of horrors clean the litter box, sounds pretty PW to me.Anyway, after those humiliating chores I needed a drink and remembered reading about the Velveteen Rabbit; which is on my way home. What a score, nice cozy little lounge with expertly crafted cocktails. My Manhatttan was near perfection, if they used a real cocktail glass and Fabbri Amarena cherries it would have been perfect.I'll be back, probably more often than I should. It's great to have a real cocktail lounge in the 'hood. I never found Dino's or Huntridge Liquors that enticing.
5	Awesome place with amazing cocktails and and even better selection of beer!  The ladies that work there are really nice and helpful. We will definitely be back!
5	I really love the place. I love the ambiance. I love the fact that the drink prices are way cheaper than they're worth. The quality of ingredients used in the cocktails was obvious from the taste.  I ordered the Crucifix in a Deathhand and Green Bitch. I liked both but preferred Deathhand. Next time I come back, I'm ordering the Improved Whiskey Sour that my friend had. For once, it wasn't overly sweet and had awsome complex notes that I didn't know you could have. I'm guessing it's their creative use of all types of bitters.  They also have a great selection of beers at great prices. I bought myself and a couple of girlfriends' drinks, came out to $39 not including tips for 5 drinks. The bartender I found out is a law student at UNLV and was indeed a mixologist extraordinaire.  What the world will lose once they gain another lawyer, I will weep and wonder. Can't wait to go back and hang.  This place is not a meat market, people. This is a place where you take your best buddies to and have great conversations flavored with complex, delicious cocktails that will expand your mind.
4	First time visit.  I'm not sure what a velveteen rabbit is in reference to and maybe the irony of its name was lost on me.  There's no hidden nooks to explore here. You walk in and what you see is what you get.  A long bar on one side and seating on the other...not much to check out but that's not a bad thing.  Let the unique cocktails do the talking for you and worry about all the fluff later.  I don't even know what I had...whiskey with cherry infusion or something or other...it was strong and tasted quite good once I remembered to remove the cinnamon gum from my mouth.  Prices are on par with the rest of the cool kid hang outs downtown; 8-10 bucks per.  One drink and we were out...no offense VR, the real plans of the evening were beckoning.  A return in the near future is guaranteed...
5	LOVE!!  Cool owners (thanx for the wasabi nuts), great drinks and great vibe. Reminds me of the Violet Room in Wicker Park in Chicago, but better. Prices at Velveteen Rabbit cannot be beat! Hopefully its busy enough to keep the owners wealthy, but stave off the yups....PLZ!!!!!
4	The bartenders were very cordial and skilled at making a great drink.  It's definitely off the beaten path but well worth traveling outside your comfort zone.
5	Now this is what a downtown LV bar should be. Nothing pretentious. Nothing spectacular. Just comfortable seating. Friendly and knowledgable bar staff. Excellent craft beer selection on draft.Granted, our visit on a Sunday night during Memorial Day weekend may have been unusual. We were previously down on Fremont East and the area wasn't busy at all. But I enjoyed having an available parking space seconds away from the entrance. I liked not having to show ID to a door person. I even appreciated the fact that they have no servers roaming the seating areas. To order a drink, you go to the bar and they bring it out to you.The only thing that disappointed me is that (I think) there used to be some awesome street art on the side wall of the building. I can understand the removal, but it's still a shame. You can see what I mean here:http://paolodlr.com/2011/05/may-10-prephotowalk-photowalk.htmlI could be wrong. Perhaps the street art is on another similarly looking building and is alive and well.
5	Fantastic new bar!  The signature cocktails are delicious and reasonably priced, and the selection of beer is pretty diverse.  I love the ambiance and I will definitely be making this a frequent stop!
5	I would have never known this place was here as I'm a bit of a home body, and only hang out in my part of town. But, there was a going away night for a friend, so I couldn't miss that.So here is my review of the bar and the night:Velveteen Rabbit is really easy to find, and it's only a few miles from home.  There's a parking lot right next door which is great, as I hate parking on the street.  I walked in around 7:30 and the place was already jumping.  That is a great sign.  The atmosphere is comfortable.  We took over a seating area with a couch and a bunch of chairs.  The couch was nice and I was planted in that seat.  There is a nice open area that I'm sure can be transformed into many different things.  I could see an acoustic show could be awesome there.  The drinks looked nice, the specialty menu is a great touch. I will be a return customer.
4	I came for a bon voyage to Angela H's yearly summer pilgrimage, but came excited to try this new haunt. It's a woman owned bar (kinda actually rare), and is a cozy bar that is unpretentious. $8 cocktail drinks are not bad pricing either. The beer selection is small, but great with 12 drafts and some bottles, mostly craft beers. I got the Blind Willow based on it having sage infused rye. It was pretty good, maybe slightly a bit too sweet but the flavors were generally nice. I had a bit of a headache so I didn't continue on with trying more of the menu as planned. I am a fan that they do infuse many of their base spirits for their cocktails, bringing something different to the table. The bar is the place to be since you order up to bartenders. If you're at a seat, you gotta get up and grab your drink at the bar, don't expect a server to be working the room. The bartenders were pretty good about paying attention and didn't have to wait there standing for very long. I like the vibe in here, the chairs and the artsy light projectors on the wall. It was a bit loud as it rolled on, but not so that it was extreme that I was gonna get annoyed. I get turned around a bit in downtown, and I was thinking this was closer to Fremont Street, but it is not. It's by the Arts district and you can easily hop from here, Bar + Bistro and The Artifice with Lady Silvia not too far either if you want to make a night of it.  I'll be curious to try the rest of the creations, to see how I feel about the drink style, but for now I welcome another addition to mixology bars about town.
4	What hip and funky little place. This little hole in the wall reminded me of bars you would find in West Hollywood,Ca near Fairfax and Santa Monica... I love the vibe because of the mix of people that were enjoying the 8$ cocktails. I had the Eros-which had tequila in it. The bar was hopping by 8:30 on a Friday night, so much so that it was a bit difficult to hear the group of people I was snuggled up with on the big couches and chairs.
4	The Velveteen Rabbit was a breath of fresh air. The bar was cool and it was nice to find a new spot downtown. The place wasn't too crowded, but seating is spotty, as was the service. Our bartender was so busy he was shaking and spilling our drinks. I had the Green Bitch and it was great! If you're a curry fan, this is the drink for you. We also waited for what seemed like a long time to get served. Despite a few snafus, I really liked Velveteen Rabbit and I'll definitely be back!
5	Thank you, Velveteen Rabbit, for being a cocktail bar where consistent, craft cocktails come first.  The trend of style over substance at newer bars has been disappointing, and I'm happy to see that Velveteen Rabbit offers such a strong cocktail menu.  It's been a while since I've seen a drink menu that makes me feel like I have to try everything on it; after a couple visits I have three more left to try, and I can't wait.The Crucifix in a Deathhand is by far my favorite on their menu.  It's a complex drink where almost every sip offered different flavors.  Highly recommend ordering this drink first, so that your tastebuds aren't dulled from drinking too much early on.  It's fantastic, and if you don't agree I'll gladly finish yours for you.  The other highlight for me was the Improved Whiskey Sour.  Since most every bar uses premade sour mix, it's not hard to improve on a whiskey sour; Velveteen Rabbit does better than that and uses cherry, lemon and cinammon flavors to round out the cocktail.  A real treat, easy to sip and probably more appealing to a wider range of palates than the Crucifix.Velveteen Rabbit is easily accessible, with street parking and a small private lot available.  Same drinks made by different bartenders were consistent.  No bouncer hovering around the front door.  Music is not deafening.  Three visits over the course of four days.  Yeah, you could say I'm a fan.
5	It is possible I may have just found my new "go-to" place for drinks and happy hour. I still adore my beloved Vanguard, but since trying out Velveteen Rabbit I will probably have to split my time between the two. The only downfall of Velveteen Rabbit is that is sits on the South side of Charleston, being kind of cut off from the rest of the downtown bars and hangouts on Main Street (mainly Artifice and Bar+Bistro). However, the same can be said about The Lady Sylvia.Parking - There is a lot to the side of the building which makes parking a snap if there are spots, otherwise you'll have to resort to on-street parking somewhere on main.Bar Decor/Ambiance - A nice mix of old-timey furniture with flairs for modern lighting and light shows on the wall over the interesting artwork. Menus are boards, drinks are flirty and pretty, chalkboard menus add a clever touch and a way to play with their drink menu.Drinks - I had the "Improved Whisky Sour" a very delicious cocktail and a steal at $8. All of their made-to-order cocktails are $8. Less pricey than Commonwealth and Vanguard. And I tried the Blind Willow, also a nice drink. Wine was also had. They serve up some interesting-sounding beers as well. +1 - They serve delicious mixed nuts at the bar. We got a blend of the savory and sweet. Perfect pairing with our cocktails. And no, they do not sit out on the bar for everyone's hands to be in, you get your very own bowl. Overall - Very impressed. I will be back.
5	A unique bar with a personal touch and excellent cocktails. What else could you ask for? A comfortable setting, friendly staff, and local music? Check, check, and check. The design of this place is wonderful. From the eclectic furniture, to the ever changing digital wall mural, to the china cabinet behind the bar, Velveteen Rabbit is pleasing to the eyes. To boot, comfort is often sacrificed at the expense of style, but this is hardly the case with VR. The upholstered chairs along the right wall offer a cozy environment to sit, chat about the Gadsden Purchase, and throw back a few cocktails. And what a cocktail menu! I am tired of cocktail menus being loaded with concoctions that will rot your teeth after a few. VR offers some sweeter creations, but can also deliver on solid cocktails with some balls. Lordy, the Crucifix in a Death Hand was wonderful. As someone who enjoys manhattans and gin martinis, it was a breath of fresh air to order something that tastes like a strong spirit, and not fruit juice. Bravo, Velveteen Rabbit! I will be back.
5	This place is so cute. 2 sisters own it ,and it is in the arts district.  They offer craft cocktails and a pretty amazing  selection of micro brewery beer. The atmosphere is very dreamy! I love the hand beer taps very clever. The staff is really friendly! The bar is also non-smoking! Which is the best part!  I love this place already!
5	Been excited for the opening of this Downtown bar for awhile now, and the place lives up to the hype. Let me join the chorus of Velveteen Rabbit lovers and say that this whimsical place, owned by two charming and beautiful sisters who work behind the bar, features excellent craft cocktails and a rotating selection of craft beers, artful yet totally unpretentious decor (mismatched furniture, cracked mirrors, and local artwork on the walls), and of course great music. This is gonna be my new go to place whenever I head Downtown on future Vegas visits. Great stuff!
5	Finally! A bar that opens that does everything right. The owners, very sweet, helpful, appreciative of their customers, and wow! No egos! If you're looking for a place to have a chill experience without dealing with the egos and spoiled kids on Fremont. I just want to go to a bar and hang out with friends, not walk through a velvet rope.  It's actually cool, without trying. No fake, bottle service,  and douchery allure that you get at most places in Vegas. This place seems to not identify with any of that VIP hype that some are all obsessed with. This is a real local joint for locals looking to get away from that circus. This is a nice little gem and the Arts District desperately needed it!
5	The Velveteen Rabbit is where it's at!I saw it during construction, but am so disappointed that I didn't make it down here until Angela H. posted a summer going away party here...didn't make it that night either, but that established my inevitable visitation!  Don't let the same thing happen to you!...come here right away if you haven't done so  already.The Velveteen Rabbit is downtown in the art district.  The interior/ambiance fits perfectly here, yet the Velveteen Rabbit is not pretentious like its hip East Freemont & Arts District counterparts.  They are also considerably cheaper than those other bars.  As if that wasn't enough they put out outstanding hand-crafted cocktails (classically inspired) and have an incredible beer list with a dozen drafts.  They are truly not following anyone, but setting a path all their own in a beautiful way!The Crucifix in a Deathhand is a boozy whiskey drink to take note of.  It has become an instant favorite of mine!  Take your friends to the back portion of the seating area to experience the visual art loop on courtesy of the lcd projector (an incredible use of the space!)Come here for $8 cocktails in a time and place where $10-$15 is all the rage!Come here for an inviting, arts district atmosphere!Come here for a great solid selection of craft beers!Come here for a real bar that doesn't have to try too hard to be cool because it actually is!
5	I FINALLY made it to the Velventeen Rabbit after anxiously waiting for them to open. I had read that the sisters that opened it had travelled around the world and that the cocktail menu was inspired by their travels. The space is decorated very cool, shabby chic, with Victorian style furniture. They also have this cool light installation/projector with some cool images. In the land of singing frogs and sirens it is refreshing to see something less Disney-like. My only issue would be that the a/c does not reach the sofas, so your best bet is to sit at the bar for now.The drinks are super good and OMG the price can't be beat! I've been here twice and both times was for happy hour. The cocktails are all priced at 8 dollars but during happy hour they are 7. Seven dollars, what? And we are talking about hand-crafted, artisanal cocktails made with top-shelf liqueurs. I don't think you can get a margarita at Chili's for that price. I have tried most of them; the Blind Willow by far is my favorite. I didn't really like the Resurrection, it was like a watered down margarita. But everything else has been pretty tasty. They also have a small but well-curated selection of draft beers which are reasonably priced to boot. You can tell that a lot of thought went into everything including the glassware. All of their glasses are super pretty and perfectly suited to each cocktail. Oh, and the bar nuts are fantastic and served in cute cut glass candy dishes.
5	yes yes yes! came here last night for the Grand Opening and was so im pressed. The owners Pam & her sister Christina have done a fabulous job here. 12 craft beers on tap and an array of craft cocktails they know their stuff. My favorite drink is The Green Bitch, consisting of green charteuse, strega, lemon, celery, egg white, simple syrup, and curry bitters... amazing. after two of them i had a pretty strong buzz. the bar has almost a Victorian feel to it. i really like it. the only gripe I had with this bar is the location, its not really in walking distance to the other bars downtown that I frequent but totally worth the drive! i highly reccomend this place to check out :)
5	The Velveteen Rabbit is that hidden gem that you find every once in a while that blows you away. I walked in with little to no expectations and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is very hipster and artsy (it is located in the Arts District). The drinks are reasonably priced and are quite delicious, you can tell and see that the bartenders put in a lot of work to make those drinks. I got the Eros which was a tequila based drink, it was so good I ordered it 3 times! Hah.There are plush couches and awesome pieces of furniture/decor that really add to the ambiance of this bar. We came around happy hour and their drinks were $7. At around 9PM, the crowd started kicking in and it started to get busier. There is even a cute little porch area outside with strung lights. I would definitely come back!!
3	Velveteen rabbit.Nice friendly bar staff.Allowed to sample some of he beers to decide what I want.  Some beers I have never heard of.But they carry Matilda from Goose Island!!! I thought the idea w/ vintage different style shot glasses was very unique..I feel the beer selection is average and a bit pricey. A four pack of Matilda goes for about 12-15 bucks anywhere in the chicagoland area  I think they charge 9 for one.There menu for special elixirs I feel that all of the special drinks sound disqusting!! The decor is cool w/ vintage (OLD) cups and cabinetry which makes it a homey kinda feel.Yet when I went in with some friends people aka hipsters laying on the couches and some annoying girls talking extremely loud basically on top of us talking about Portlandia and it wasnt that busy. The back of the place has an outdoor patio which was unfinished.But kinda reminded me of an old lot after christmas when they sold all the xmas trees..Cool views of Stratosphere.Overall if you wanna drink overpriced or cheap nasty beer and feel that you are a cool hipster i guess its for you. The clientele is decent but kinda douchey. NO PBR!!??
5	'It doesn't happen all at once,' said the Skin Horse. 'You become. It takes a long time. That's why it doesn't happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand."  Margery Williams, The Velveteen RabbitAnd this place is "Real".  Industrial artsy complete with light projector meets early incense burning Miss Havisham loose in the joints shabby decor.Delectable craft cocktails.  Affordably delicious @ $8 and take a dollar off for happy hour!!!The Crucifix in a Deathhand:Irish whiskey, cherry heering, Swedish punsch absinthe, angostura bitters, brandied cherry. Blind Willow: sage-infused old overholt rye + benedictine honey syrup + egg white + angostura bittersBurning Bush: bols genever + crema de mezcal + fig shrub lemon + peppercorn bacon bitters.All expertly prepared by Pamela (one of the owners); this venue is unmistakably a vestige of love and It didn't take a long time for us to fall in love with this comfortable loved-off place; we understood immediately.
5	Great atmosphere and unique drink selection. So nice to have some cool local bars added to downtown.
4	Very cool bar. I have been looking at space to open a business in the area and discovered this gem. Great interior. Great drinks. A little loud but that is the nature of bars. I will definitley be back.
5	Best drinks. And creative.  Feel like something different? Tell anyone behind the bar what your preference is leaning toward and they'll concoct something tasty on the spot. By FAR our favorite bar in Las Vegas.
5	I love this bar, it's my favorite in Vegas. The vibe is laid back and the music is never too loud. I love the art on the walls, the fresh flower arrangements and the eclectic furniture. Christina and Pam have excellent taste and have made this bar a really special place to hang out. The cocktails are tasty and the staff is always friendly! Try the burning bush, it's smokey and delicious!
5	I thoroughly enjoy this establishment and its owners/mixologist. Not only do the cocktails and beers cover a broad spectrum of flavors and styles they are also typically free. The price may vary depending on your job and relationship with the bartender. For me, a spaceship engineer and my friends, also spaceship engineers, one of which is in a brother-husband esk relationship with me and one of the sisters, the drinks are always free. And we appreciate this appreciation. We are hard working engineers trying to build a better space ship so we can all live on Mars one day, and after a long day of maths and sciences it's nice to get a free drink at our local watering hole. But I digress. The bar, the staff, and the typical customer are beyond superb and deserve nothing less then 5 stars. I applaud you Rabbit and can not wait for your hop foam cocktail called "spaceships!" that I and my fellow space ship engineers take full credit for.
4	Finally got there. Interesting spot. Nice to find a place with no slot machines ! Selection of cocktails and beers is more then interesting, it's remarkable.Will bring out of towners here that come to visit.
5	I'm really happy we found Velveteen Rabbit while visiting Las Vegas. When one thinks of Vegas, flashing fluorescent lights, neon signs, and tawdrily attired drunks probably comes to mind. And rightly so, there is a time and a place for that particular brand of mental obliteration. But if you want to escape all that, and spend time in a quality lounge with ambient mood lighting while sipping on some of the tastiest cocktail drinks,  - Velveteen Rabbit is THE destination. I tried a little of everything on the menu - I recommend the celery-based drink and their version of a whiskey sour. They use cinnamon oil in the whiskey sour and it's truly amazing! The decor is unique, every chair and couch is different but still reminiscent of the Victorian era, and you can tell a lot of thought was put into each detail. A small, upholstered green chair here, a whimsical bird cage hanging from the ceiling there, it's all in the details. The service was also impeccable, everything you'd expect from a high-class joint, without the obnoxious prices you'd find elsewhere in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this place! A hidden gem! Will not disappoint!
5	The Velveteen Rabbit is a small bar with big personality.  The bartenders are friendly and knowledgable.  I'm excited to go back when there is live music!
5	Love the swanky ambiance and relaxed atmosphere. The cocktails are delicious. I would highly recommend the "improved whiskey sour" and "burning bush."  Skilled bartender/ mixologist, Chris,  knows how to make the perfect drinks for a fun night out.
5	Ahh, the little joys in life...like giving an establishment 5 stars.  Much bigger joy can be had by going.  Rabbit will be a different experience for each, so I wont bother saying what it will be like for you--just go.  And enjoy yourself.If you can find disappointment here, you should really consider staying in more.
5	Delish drinks - try the resurrection or the green bitch.  Bartender was helpful at choosing a libation.  The place didn't have that hipster downtown vibe, bonus!
5	An absolutely great bar.  Perfect drinks, nice vibe.  If you are a lover of great cocktails then this is your place.    The bartenders know their stuff.  They made the best Sazerac that I've had.  All of the drinks were tasty and custom crafted.  The drinks were also a great value.  We have been to Vegas countless times but this is definitely a must visit that we will add to our checklist when we come back.  We love this place and we will be back....and back....and back.
5	Oh what a gem I have found! I was with a few friends trying to fight for a table at Frankie's Tiki Room, getting annoyed and someone told us about the Velveteen Rabbit and how it was cool and just around the corner, so off we went. Parking is ok, it's to be expected that it would be busy on a Saturday night... But we all got spots, 3 cars. We peeked in the window and I was shocked at how bougie chic it looked inside! Definitely a hipster haven lol... But overall we had a great time! Big comfy seats, awesome decor! It's a little dark but I like the atmosphere, and Buddha beer bottle chandeliers!Drinks. They have this awesome menu and all the drinks are $8 and top shelf with a blend of some really interesting "healthy" items like carrot juice or jasmine tea, honey, and egg whites! They are such a fun variety of drinks! You have to try The Moon Is Rising! It's served in what looks like the "Drink Me" bottles and it's so good! My other favorite would definitely have to be the ___?__ Ritual. It's served in a tea cup with Rosemary and the presentation involves fire, how could it get any better? They also had. $4 Carrot Margaritas with honey and some other shenanigans that was amazing! (So they have specials!)There is no food at the joint, but there is a Mexican Food place 2 doors over that is great ;) As far as service goes.. When busy they can be a bit slow, but they mean well. As far as the crowd, we didn't make any new friends which is odd for me, so I probably wouldn't go alone personally like I can with many local bars, but get a few friends together, pull up a chair and enjoy some fun drinks! (They also have beer and standard liquor options)I posted some pics if you look on my page!I give it 4.5 stars, what would make it better?? Some snacks? We would have stayed and kept drinking there had there been a little something to munch on... We ended up having 3 more rounds of drinks at the Mexican restaurant! :) But overall...I can't wait to go back, I love this place!
1	Meh.  This place is trying too hard. Haven't had a good time there either of the times I went. The drink options are tedious. I guess it's a good place if you are middle class and easily impressed. Maybe you listen to NPR and still think microbrews are a thing to care about like it's 2001? Maybe you miss faux-underground Victorian style cafes from 1993? Maybe you just really like the kid's book, so much so that you don't care where you actually are as long as it's called "Velveteen Rabbit"? Who knows?That being said, I would not have bothered to write this review were it not for the bug in my whiskey served by a moody bartender that walked away without bothering to wait for me to pay. He just dashed off and never came back. I had to wait to pay someone else. I guess he didn't like me, which, I assume, is why I got the bug in my whiskey. So yeah...This place is pretty worthless. I refuse to go back no matter how many of my friends think it might be "cool". With so many other mediocre options in town, why bother?
5	As a native Las Vegan, I am always looking for "good" outside of the strip. Unfortunately most of the great  drinks were found at strip hotels along with my wallet which I had to give them for the high prices they charge. Well not anymore. I will gladly pump the extra gas to drive down to Velveteen Rabbit and partake of their oh-so-yummy alcoholic offerings at decent prices. The first time I went, I tried the "Green Bitch" which included in the description celery juice. Despite my hate-hate relationship with celery, which I might mention, I HATE. I tried it anyway thinking that sometimes an ingredient is added to enhance flavor and I could probably handle it being that there was alcohol involved. Five "Green Bitches" later could I say I tasted the celery? Absolutely, but it didn't take five of them for me to realize that I loved the drink, it only took the first one. Damn you, awesome mixologists! Well hopefully I got my fiber in for the day, at least.The next visit I made to the Rabbit, the specialty menu had changed and I was forced to try something new. "God's Gift" was indeed that and if I went unchecked, I would have had 20 of them. In short, Velveteen Rabbit offers some of the best hand crafted cocktails in town, makes you venture out of your norm, try new things, and drink your veggies. All wonderful ingredients to living a happy life. Oh and the bartenders are fabulously friendly and the decor is befitting the name. Go there, nuff said.
5	Great service and the bartender i talked with had a vast knowledge on Scotch. I appreciated the fact that he didn't just push a house special on me and actually took the time to educate me on my choices. Definetly a good atmosphere and the crowd wasn't bad. I will definetly be back.
5	Craft cocktails. Great atmosphere. Talented bartenders. What more can you ask?I never know what I want and the bartenders are great about mixing things that I always love. And when I really can't decide, a grapefruit beer is always an option :) They've been awarded best new downtown bar and just won a margarita competition, so you know it's legit ;)
5	Sometimes you sit around and hate on hipsters because they drink 'silly, overpriced cocktails'. Well, sometimes hipsters drink those 'silly, overpriced cocktails' and are happy that you stayed at home. Such is the case at Velveteen Rabbit. If this 'hipster haven' keeps serving up well-crafted cocktails (at a decent $8 price), interesting craft brews and rockin' good tunes, consider me a hipster, because I'm going to be a regular here. The furniture, exposed brick and Edison bulbs add a nice vibe to the place and the crowd (even on a Friday at 1am) isn't overbearing. Sick of a rum and coke? Give your taste buds a ride and come here for a drink.
4	I have been here once before and both times, right after Lady Silvia.... Which was a bust AGAIN. I took my girlfriend visiting from AZ here on a Friday night, actually First Friday, and to my surprise it was very mellow. A lot less of a crowd than I thought... Which was great! Our bartender {Alex, I think} was awesome, he was very friendly and made great drink suggestions, playing detective to find out our usual likings. The presentation of the cocktails was so unique and artistic, we were definitely impressed! PS our derrricious handcraft cocktails were only $8/ea.... AMAZING!!!Miss Jordan keeps saying how much she loved it so we'll definitely be back soon! Thanks Velveteen for rockin our world!
4	Great ambience and the drinks are mixed well.  Def apart of the artsy side of dirty Vegas but I can still enjoy it and have a good time myself.  Prices are okay but if you can respect a mixologist you can look past it
5	I enjoyed this intimate little spot. I had a drink names "Gods Gift" and it was delish! The atmosphere is wonderful and I can see myself going here with friends just to chill out and enjoy some laughs. The drinks are affordable for what you get! I've had crappier drinks that were twice as much.
5	I held off on reveiwing this place because the first time I went, they had just opened and it was a little shaky, but I thought, "Hmmm, this is going to turn into something special.  Give it time."  And guess what?  It happened!  First of all, can we give a BIG UPS to the two sisters opening this joint on their own terms??  The womens studies feminist from my college days applaudes you.  And I love that when you walk into this place, those sisters are wearing some crazy ass midriff tops and high waisted shorts and bright red lipstick.  I really want to be their friend!On to the drinks now.  Love me some cool crafted cocktails.  Their "elixirs" here are sometimes really out there, and I've liked some and hated others, but that's the fun about trying new drinks!  "What's in that?  Honey and serrano pepper bitters?  LAY IT ON ME."  One of my favorite bartenders Alex has set up shop down there, too, and he is a kick ass mixologist.  My husband was excited because they are aging some stuff in oak barrels right in the bar.  I don't know much about that stuff, but apparently, that's REALLY COOL.And the fact that this place is named after a beloved children's book makes the third grade teacher in me smile.  Literature and cocktails...not a better mix than that!
4	We were out in Vegas for a min-honeymoom and were stoked to find this place. We sat down and had great service and a couple of unique delicious cocktails. Bartender pointed us at a couple of local place to check out and served a few local beers. Will be back for sure!
5	There's a cool-kids vibe here, yet I still felt welcome.  With really well made fancy-cocktails by friendly staff, Velveteen Rabbit is a great place to hang out.  They have a cool patio out back and lots of little chairs and couches scattered about inside.  The most shocking part was when I got the bill.. I've been in LA for too long, these drinks were amazingly priced for the quality and work that went into them.  Love this place, I will definitely return here when I'm in Vegas!!
5	Beautiful. What more can I say? This bar would be the best drinking establishment almost anywhere, but in Vegas it puts everything else to shame. The lovely owner/bartender mixed me an almost as lovely martini w/ St George terroir gin and Lillet Blanc. My oh my.
2	Drinks... Average at best. Service is horrible. Owner decided to venture off and have a couple drinks with some other guests. Poor poor management. Headed to downtown cocktail lounge..
5	Just finished watching the 50th Anniversary of Doctor Who and needed some specialty drinks. I love the creativity here! The place reminds me of The Way Station back in Brooklyn, NY. So a perfect place to chat about the latest episode. The decor looks like a series of Pinterest wins and the drinks unique. I had The Moon was Shining, Spaceship, and Bartender's Choice using Kraken Rum. Needless to say, all three drinks were delightful. I was most impressed with Bartender's Choice which will have me coming back for more. It goes to show the skill level of the mixologists at this establishment. Very good. I can't wait to visit again.
4	Amble seatings and not-so-loud music. I snuggled up to an old couple from out of town and struck up a conversation, thereby securing a large couch that they were only half occupying and two seats for the group of friends that came with me. I really like the ambience in this place and perhaps the people that were there on the night of my visit. I noticed this dude sitting at the bar writing an erotic novel on his laptop so I said hi and we exchanged a few lines. Totally cool and reminded me of the bar scene in places like Philly and DC where I'm from. I got a chance to try the "the moon was shining" drink. It came in this little cute glass jar with a mini cookie on top. So cool! I wish it wasn't as strong so I could finish it. Bummer. If you're a sweet-toothed alcoholic you may want to try this drink.At around 11 PM the live music started. Some indie singer who sang like he was singing background songs for South Park (the show), and since I'm kind of traditional when it comes to musical taste, I didn't like it. There were plenty of others who seemed to enjoy it though.I might come back here if I happened to be nearby!
5	By far my favorite bar in Vegas right now.
3	8$ for a craft cocktail is a pretty great deal. The atmosphere and bartenders are welcoming and the menu offers lots of unique drinks. However, my boyfriend and I noticed that the quality of our drinks depended on the bartender. Our first round served up by Alex was delicious. For our second round we were served by another bartender (didn't catch her name) and my drink was extremely weak. It was a scotch based cocktail and I couldn't taste the alcohol at all. I'm not an avid scotch drinker and scotch is a pretty hard flavor to miss so I don't think there was any other reason I couldn't detect it. My boyfriend had the same experience with his cocktail... Weak. The second round left us feeling a little ripped off.
5	My favorite bar in Vegas.  When it comes to drinking, I'm not fancy.  I usually get something dark on the rocks or a vodka soda when I'm at a bar, but I'm not gonna lie, I enjoy a good cocktail prepared by a knowledgable mixologist--which is what Velveteen Rabbit is all about.  They've got a wide selection of beer and a full bar, but you'd be crazy not to try a cocktail mixed by the expert hands and palates of the talented folks behind the bar. I came here with a large group of friends on a Saturday night around 9:30ish. Good crowd-- a little hipstery, but what do you expect from the middle of the arts district?  The bar was uniquely decorated, with a folk art feel.  There were actually paintings hung up on the walls that were being sold, as if it were a gallery.  The couches were all pretty and velvety.  There's a cute patio area to sip your drinks and smoke, since there's no smoking in the bar.  The bar area got crowded fast, but it wasn't too difficult to find a seat elsewhere.  Chill, laid back music was playing, nothing too loud or obnoxious.  My favorite cocktails of the night include the (1)Crucifix in a Death hand--which kind of reminded me of a really good Manhattan; (2)God's Gift--a tasty, citrus, sparkling cocktail; (3)The Moon is Rising--a cocktail served with a little chocolate chip cookie; and (4)a cognac sparkling cocktail that the bartender, Alex, had fixed me up--it was good!  Don't be afraid to let them make you something!Definitely enjoyed myself there!  For $8 a cocktail, you really have nothing to lose!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Absolutely love this bar/lounge. Great atmosphere & wonderful staff.Drinks were out of this world delicious, not too strong or sweet. The music was just perfect, not your usual top 40 or deep unknown underground hits. It was a nice mixture of alternative/indie/contemporary custom blend of good music that added to the already quirky environment. Can't wait to go back :)I personally recommend the Bartender's Choice, it was a nice change from the normal #hipster drinks everyone is serving. By far one of the best spots in Downtown. If you're looking for that local feel with a bit of new age nostalgia, then this is the spot. Happy drinking y'all.
5	The awesome thing about living in Las Vegas is that this is one of the few cities where when people say, "Oh, I'll come visit you!"...they actually do. Granted, when they actually come, it might not be to see "you," per se, but it comes with the territory. 9 out of 10 visitors will almost always tell me they're interested in "seeing the locals' scene." That they're "sick of just always going clubbing." That "paying $18 for a measly shot is bullshit." Well. 9 out of 10 times, these same people still end up on the Strip, BUT......that other 1 out of 10? They get the fun privilege of seeing a lot of our hidden gems, one of which is Velveteen Rabbit, the brainchild of two hipsta' sistahs who opened this cocktail bar on Main just off Charleston downtown. Rich wood panels decorate the door just past the open patio, and inside there are mason jarred Edison lamps and mismatched chaise lounges to sit and relax. And that's just the interior decor to boot. The cocktails themselves are a whole 'nother ball game. Each one is handcrafted and truly highlights the art of mixology - fresh juices and ingredients only, no substitutes! The pricing is reasonable too - most drinks are in the $8-$10 ballpark and there is no skimping on the liquor. The bartenders know you're here for a good time and give you a fair cut on the alcohol. The parking lot adjacent to the bar is pretty small, but it's in a part of DTLV that is not as crowded and condensed as Fremont Street, so street parking is viable. Happy imbibing!
5	You had me at $8 cocktails, Velveteen Rabbit! No really, coming from the land of pricey drinks, it was a pleasant surprise to find a bar serving quality booze that didn't require a down payment or the promise of your firstborn. Very cool, dark, artsy bar in DTLV. One that could rival anything you'd find in SF. I actually like Velveteen Rabbit more since the bartenders are quite friendly and don't wear suspenders. And they don't make some huge production about putting together the ingredients for your drink. Not sure about you all, but I'm over pretending it's the prohibition days. Sit at the bar and make nice with one of the gals behind the counter. Groups are also welcome to lounge on the refurbished antique furniture. Being an early bird, didn't get to see this bar in full swing. Apparently the "going out crowd" doesn't get the party started until well after midnight. Good for them. This old lady likes to tuck herself in by the stroke of twelve and get a solid 8 hours of sleep.Very much enjoyed two trips here over the holidays. Can't wait for a return visit... Heavy booze is always needed when one spends time with the family.
1	If i can give this place a negative I will! I think the concept is great but the bartenders suck! Stood at the bar from 11:26 pm until 11:55 still didn't get a drink. I'm not sure if the bartenders don't know how to handle the bar or they're discriminating against certain people either way it wasn't busy and there's no excuse for that! Some people would walk up and get a drink right away I was sitting at the bar the whole time and did not even get acknowledged. I guess to some people it really is that hard to handle. Interesting and creative drink menu but good luck getting one!
1	I will NEVER ever come back to this lousy bar. Here you are thinking you're getting a great deal for $8 drinks, but after my experience last night.....I would definitely rather go to a more upscale bar and pay the extra money for my drinks that can be served with a smile and a positive attitude. Waiting more than twenty minutes to get a drink is absolutely unacceptable. I've been to busier bars in this city and even then I didn't have to wait that long, and the sad part is that I didn't even get to order a drink. It seems the three bartenders there last night have their so-called "preference" at that bar (if you know what I mean). My group and I decided to just leave, because they do not deserve our business and it's definitely their loss. If they have common sense at all...., they need to step up their game 10X better and realize that they are running a Bar Business in Las Vegas where the competition is tough and a lot of potential high rollers dressed in disguise who's just looking for a different scenery. Despite the horrible experience, I still wish this place good luck and I hope they don't piss off another customer like they did to me and my group.
4	I NEVER go out - really, NEVER. So the few times a year, I am able to venture out for a cocktail, I take the time to research to get the most of the time.  Because of a print magazine/an offline "Best of LV" list, I met friends here.  So happy we did!  It was early on a Sat nite, so it was not crowded. We could hear ourselves talk; enjoyed our specialty drinks; cool vibe and music. The decor is a conversation in itself.  Totally reminiscent of lounges in NYC when I did venture for frequent cocktails years ago ;-).
5	Alex (the Mixologist!) is amazing! Remembered our drinks after only one visit and a month in between... Good times!
5	These girls know what they're doing. Super friendly staff. Craft cocktails. Amazing artwork. This is the place to be. They always have have amazing bands.  If you are undecided on a cocktail, ask for the bartenders choice. You won't be disappointed.
4	This is a hipsters paradise haha! Great location and vibe but drinks could have been a bit more stronger.
2	Another one of those places you have been wanting to try because of all the good reviews and then, nothing. It was nothing like what I had expected, the ambiance, the cocktails, music, drinks. We bellied up to the long bar and ordered their most popular drink. It was horrible. It tasted like cough syrup, Robitussin to be exact. I tried to get it down, but I couldn't, and for the price, I had to send it back. Second drink, same thing, absolutely horrendous. I ended up giving it to my friend because I was too embarrassed to send it back a second time.  I understand Prohibition Era type drinks have a distinct flavor, with elixirs and what not (I love all the cocktails at Herbs & Rye), but these drinks were beyond what I could get passed my mouth. Music, well I'm not sure how to explain it, but I offered the DJ $20 to change it, he declined. My friend and I decided to make the best of it, and joined in the shenanigans. Ambiance wasn't there, just a long bar with some couches behind it. I'm not getting the allure of this place. I'll stick with what I know.
5	My favorite bar. It just gets very hectic & busy on band nights or weekends. It's small, so that doesn't help. I love this place, but it can be frustrating even for me. I've waited for what seems like forever at the bar. But really, when a single drink can take 5 minutes to make, it's understandable. What excuse does a bartender poppin' PBRs have? (I'm looking at you every other Vegas bar).It's a beginning the night starter bar (before 9pm). Perfect vibe for that.But when they have DJs (wish they didn't) I wish the DJs would turn that schizz down though, always too loud. NOBODY wants that. Ever. But that's not the owners' fault, it's the DJs'.The drinks are always amazing. Read the ingredients carefully on their seasonal menus, there's a lot in there and you might miss something you don't like. Their draft selection changes too & is quite nice.They take great care in what they do & try to hold their staff to those standards. If you want the Starbucks of DTLV bars, go to Downtown Cocktail whatever, if you want a genuine indie, go to Velveteen, and heed my loving warnings.The owners are sweethearts, the concept is great, and they've only just begun.
5	Love, love, love Velveteen Rabbit.Why, you ask?  Well, let's start with the drinks.  They have a good-sized craft beer selection that changes frequently.  Then there are the cocktails which are nicely balanced, creative, and delicious.  They come up with a new drink menu every couple of months so there's always something different to try, plus the drinks are a steal for $8.  Add a chill vibe, comfy chairs and couches, and a great staff and you pretty much have my go-to spot in town.  Bonus points for no smoking inside.It can be pretty crowded on Friday and Saturday nights or during the week when they have bands playing (for free!).  You can usually find me here late on a Saturday night wrapping up the evening.In a quiet area of Downtown so it's easy to find street parking.  They also have a small parking lot next to the building.
4	My first time to the Art's District and I came here after a play at Cockroach Theatre.  Very small, very busy, but very enjoyable.  With them being busy, service was a tad slow, but very understandable as there is only 1 bar.  I came with a group and we were all fascinated by the interior.  Not your average bar.  I decided to be a little spontaneous and try a new drink and that bit me in the buds.  Not my favorite.  But I had a feeling I wouldn't but tried it anyway.  Their other drinks looked good though.Also that evening was a live band.  Started to get more crowded as they started.Over all a chill atmosphere. I'll be back!
5	On our night out on the town, I have been really wanting to check this bar/lounge out since my Vegas peeps started raving about their unique "Elixirs." Located in the Artist district in Downtown Las Vegas parking can be found either on the street or in the small parking lot behind the bar. Upon entering, a bouncer popped out of nowhere and asked for ID. Fair enough, as I am the first in our group to flip him my CA license. He takes one look at it, then at me and said enjoy!For a Saturday night around (I say and only because I am taking a wild guess because we started drinking a tad early that night) that it had to be somewhere around 11:00-12:00 am. This place was jam packed with happy people sitting around the bar and in their lounge area. The DJ was spinning random electro jams all through the time we were there. Our Vegas buddy found a cozy little area for the three of us to hang out in. One over size velvet chair fit for the Princess (me::smiles ::) and two other chairs for the boys. Vegas friend went up to the bar to get us a drink menu, now if this is your first time coming here, do not expect to have a giant list of house drinks. From what I understand the menu changes by season. All their Elixirs are handmade and ready to order when you are. Some of the ingredients you can swap out (i.e. if you cannot drink vodka then they can swap it for gin. Just ask your friendly bartender when ordering).Eight different choices of Elixirs all different and are made with amazing stuff. Some sour some sweet some in between! However, no matter how to mix it each one only costs $8.00 a pop.That is right you heard me $8.00 freaking dollars! That cheap considering on the strip you are paying $12.00-$15.00 for one watered down drink!Our bartender was wonderful; it did not take too long for him to notice me. Asked if I had any questions and if I was ready to order.Ordered:Brawl and Seductions- Gin + house made sweet vermouth + genpy + fernet syrup + absinthe rinse.Chronicle of the Priest- Rye + amaro montenegro + walnut liqueur + maple syrup + salt + angostura bitters. Bartender smiled and said great choices and went over to the other side of the bar to start working his magic.I enjoyed watching him mix our drinks; it takes a special hand to know how to do that kind of mixology.In no time our drinks were ready and both were filled to the brim (which I really liked) $16.00 total plus $4.00 tip = $20.00 total. Holy rabbit what a deal!Carefully not to spill my drink and our friend's I made my way back to our area. After toasting to an awesome night out with good friends, we took a sip. Wow, mine was strong but not over powerful. It was more sweet then sour. It was all around a tasty drink that I would have probably gone back several more times after I had finished this first glass.Now our friend's drink was way too strong for my taste. His first sip had him saying whoa, this is strong. However, after a couple more sips it started to mellow out.Come here to drink, listen to some awesome tunes, take photos, and just have fun. It is dark in here with low lighting and candles! And as you all know this is my favorite type of setting! This place is not recommended for the first date or catching up with old friend's. The music is so loud that you will be having to sit as close as possible to hear what everyone is talking about.
3	The cocktail menu is pretty solid. Good range of drinks for all cocktail enthusiasts. Not sure how often they update it though. I went last weekend (late-Feb) and the cocktails all still felt very "Holiday." The bartenders are good, however one cocktail I requested off the menu was completely off from what it should have been. Interior is super cool and cozy and they have a good sized outdoor patio in the back.
5	This is without question my favorite bar in all of Las Vegas. Owners Christina and Pamela have cultivated something truly special in Downtown. The care they take with their hand-crafted cocktails is astounding considering the price is half what you would pay for a drink of lesser quality on the Strip. The music program they have established is filled with talented bands and Djs highlighting an eclecticism that is inclusive, not elitist. All the bartenders, including the girls themselves, are personable, knowledgable, and always working hard to maintain the quality that Velveteen Rabbit has established. Yes, when it is busy you may have to wait a bit for your cocktail because these are not rum and cokes (although you can order that if you prefer); these cocktails take time and care to prepare and they are absolutely worth it. I'm thankful this bar exists and you should be too. P.S. Strange as it may seem in this town, Velveteen Rabbit is non-smoking! Appreciated and enjoyed.
5	Cool location (arts district).Cool vibe (hipster, but accessible).Cool drinks (a list of about 10 specialty cocktails & 20 unique beers).Cool prices ($8/drink!).Cool name.The only thing it could use are a couple equally cool restaurants and bars in walking distance.
4	Strong drinks, good price!! Bf and I got a IPA and a coke/jack for only $14. Not crowded, nice ambiance.
5	I love this place. Located in the arts district, this place gives off the vibe that your entering a wonderland of strange and fascinating oddities. And their 'elixirs' are innovative and reasonably priced! This bar has the whole package. Great cocktails and beer selection, chill atmosphere, amazing people, and an outdoor area underneath the night sky. I will definitely be frolicking here in the near future.Their menu changes seasonally, which gives you the chance to try new things! They're always coming up with eccentric and innovative elixirs!
5	Best bar in Vegas ATM. Great atmosphere, smoke free with gaming exotic beers and mixed drinks in your hand right from the beautiful owners/bartender/mixologist.
5	I love this place. The owners are sisters and they're beautiful and amazing. Pam (co-owner) makes a great old fashion and does it properly. I'm very picky when it comes to that particular drink. She also let me sample the cucumber vodka punch. It's delicious and sweet. You can smell the cucumber scent is very fresh. If you want to bar hop this is the first place to stop before continuing your next agenda. Great selection, also Lyle, one of the bartenders makes great cocktails if you ever want to change up your consumption variety.
5	What a trip this place is...between the light show, the hipster watching, and amazing creative drinks, this dive bar is legit! Any place that has vintage furniture I automatically like...but this place earns their stripes.
5	I absolutely love the vibe of this bar/venue! The first bartender that took care of me was disappointed to tell me that there were no olives to craft me a Filthy Martini, but he did have a beautiful and very rare bottle of Italian Vermouth to try to make up for it. I presume what I was handed to be the driest martini in history, with a little dash of sweet. It was good, and fulfilled my immediate craving. I learned from this experience, and asked my next bartender what she recommended. She proceeded to change my life forever by making me a Colonial Buck. OMG. I could drink this cocktail every single day! It is a twist on a Moscow Mule, with little hints of grapefruit and strawberry with the classic ginger beer, shaken to shit, and served right in the metal shaker glass. Best summer drink downtown, get it in your mouth soon!They also keep all cigarette smoking out back on their cutesy patio, so you can actually breath in there. Cheers!
5	Velveteen Rabbit has been on my list of places to go to for quite a while, over a year i believe. I just never found the time to go as well as the Arts District isn't somewhere i normally hang out. Couple that with the lack of good eateries in the area pretty much sums it up: There's a hyped up bar in the middle of hipster-ville without that many restaurants within drunk walking distance. 'Given the opportunity to finally go to VR i've realized how much time i've wasted not going here. The cocktails are original, creative, and down right delicious. Specific drinks i cant remember the names of and i'm sure they'll rotate the menu every few months to keep things fresh.One noticeable thing are they way they make their Old Fashions. I merely took a sip another's cocktail but they mix it differently. Not sure what kind of bourbon was used by the bitters and citrus are the same that i use, know, and love. The flavor was off in a way that makes me want to discover how they did it so i can have it all the time. So in conclusion:- Not my crowd or type of atmosphere but i can look past it all with the right company. - Try to come early as the later it get the more crowded it gets and conversation will be a tad difficult with the noise level ever increasing.- Parking...LoL Good luckK'Oyacyi!
5	Lordy, so hard to find a non-tourist trap off the strip but this is it. Very cool but not trying too hard to be cool or different, which is tough.Great setting an absolutely excellent selection of unique cocktails, plus very nice selection of craft brews.Met the owners, two girls, you'll find yourself hoping they succeed and stay around.
5	It's been nearly a year since my first visit, and I'm still a huge fan of Velveteen Rabbit.  They have a new menu out, with just as much variety as their first menu.  Gin, vodka, tequila, mezcal, whiskey; choose your favorite liquor and they have a cocktail just for you.  There are nine drinks on the menu right now, and having tasted five of them, it's safe to say that they have another stellar line up.  Cocktail prices are now between $8 - $10, which is still one of the best values in town for quality drinks.If you're not a cocktail person, they also have a great variety of rotating beer taps.  Ballast Point, Dogfish Head, Rogue, Stone, North Coast, New Belgium, along with local breweries Joseph James, Tenaya Creek, and Big Dogs have all made appearances.  If you enjoy drinking in any capacity, there's sure to be something for you at the Velveteen Rabbit.
1	$6 for a well drink?! (most of it being soda) If I had known it would be that expensive, I would have at least gotten one of the $8 cocktails on the menu. As well as the overpriced well drink dissatisfying me, I was completely floored by the service. It's definitely one of those places that you need to "know people" to get decent treatment (or any sort of service at all). If you enjoy overpriced, weak cocktails that you need to wait at least 20 minutes for, go ahead and indulge.Velveteen Rabbit= just another hipster hell hole.
5	I liked it. Definitely dirty hipster chic, which I am a sucker for. I felt like it succeeded where the Lady Silvia stumbles. No casino lure here. Bartenders were sassy - for men, couches comfortable and the atmosphere relaxed. I'll be back. * It's important to note, my well imbibed friend was a bit vocal about not caring for their drink and it was promptly replaced.
5	Marked by a neon bunny sign along Main St, this place can be easily missed.  One of the best new bars that keeps reinventing the bar scene in the valley.  If this is like what the future holds for Las Vegas, then I like what I'm seeing!!  Being here makes me feel like I'm at one of those dope bars in the heart of Lower East Side.  The atmosphere is definitely one of the things that keeps me coming back to this place: great music, hip crowd, and awesome furnitures.  Only downside is that it can get really crowded; at least they have a patio with plenty of seating for those warm summer nights.Aside from the ambiance, the drinks are also that damn good!  Perhaps one of the better Sazeracs I've had in town.  Heard they even have a seasonal menu offering interesting concoctions with all being eight dollars; watch out for special cocktails served on events such as First Friday!!  Can't decide on what to drink?! Leave it off to their skilled mixologists since they really do know what they're doing.  Craft beer selection is also great if you're not the liqour type.Overall, Velveteen Rabbit is certainly one of the better bars in DTLV to kick it with homies.  Chill place with reasonable priced beverages.
5	Incredible, Unique, eclectic, homey, and everything a local looks for in a great bar. Delicious specialty cocktails and the nicest bar owner. A must try for everyone!
5	I do a lot of international travel. And for the past 15 years I have gone out of my way to research and find the best, "non-tourist" bars, restaurants and pubs in every city I visit. And this bar, The Velveteen Rabbit, is, without question, one of the best I have seen anywhere. Hands down. To give some perspective and credibility to this assertion, I offer the following short sampling of my culinary experiences: Klokkeput in Saint Martins Latem, Belgium, Pierchic in Dubai, Avec in Chicago, Balthazar, Raines Law Room and Death & Co in New York, Crow Bar in Newport Beach, CA, AOC in West LA, the Bazaar by Jose Andreas in Miami, Tear Drop Lounge in Portland, Sun with Aqua in Shanghai, Geronimo in Sante Fe, Zig Zag Cafe in Seattle, Joe Jost's in Long Beach, etc. I know cocktails. And the owners at The Velveteen Rabbit, Pamela and Christina, do cocktails the way they should be done. And the atmosphere and environment they have created with love and attention to detail is exactly what a cocktail lounge should be. Try it. You will be happy you did.
5	Don't be ridiculous. This is the best bar in Las Vegas. The cocktail menu is varied and unique enough that anyone can find something they are comfortable with, but be prepared to expand your horizons just a bit. The ingredients are top-notch and $8 is a bargain. If you love a particular flavor or spirit, just let one of the great bartenders know and they'll create something terrific for you on the spot. Just my favorite place is all.
5	I just love taking people to this place. I really like their drink menu, it has an awesome atmosphere, they also have a nice selection of brews and I appreciate being at a bar in Vegas that A) has no smoking and B) no gambling machines. Now, if only I lived closer to it.
5	Good drinks, good people. Don't go here for a damn well drink. That's not the point. Get a cocktail on the menu or tell them your liquor of choice and ask them to make you something. Yes, you may have to wait a bit at times, but why don't you just that that opportunity to have a conversation with someone? Relax, have a weird ass cocktail, and take in the sights.
4	Very cozy, comfortable bar. Beautiful atmosphere and very sexy, too!  Menu has lots of wonderful sounding cocktails. Too bad I'm a wine drinker!  I think they had one varietal of white. Hubby loved his cocktail, as did I!!
3	Fun hipster bar that's always got some interesting people to chat with and a decent band lineup...but you'll wait FOREVER for a drink if it's busy. Order two at a time is my recommendation.
5	I love coming here, because even as a non-drinker, I am treated to handcrafted tasty beverages. Pamela always has something delightful for me to try and all I have to do is ask for a "tasty beverage." Low-key, independant, authentic and comfortable are the words I use when describing this place. This phoenix of the repression has arisen from the wreckage of a burned out upholstery shop storefront. The decor is an intesting mix of authentic patina preserved from , vintage lightbulbs, antique sofas and a pleasingly familiar gloom that isn't nicotine based. Live music indoors and out harkens back to a fledgeling Beauty Bar and the "good ol days" of a night out downtown amongst mostly familiar faces.Great place for private conversations.I once got a free Life is Beautiful pass just for showing up!Don't miss the pixelmapping projections that pull artists interpretations of the rorsharch patterns of fire damage on the wall into focus.This place will tickle your brain.
5	HELL, YES. Some of the most delicious cocktails I've ever had in my life! It's a nice place to sit and chat - until around midnight. They turn the music way up and you'll never hear your friends unless you get in their faces and shout. Just go early enough in the evening that you don't suffer hearing loss.
3	Intrigued by the many positive reviews, I decided to come here  to have a few drinks with friends for my birthday. It's a small bar and if you're driving down Main St. you just might miss it. They have a small parking lot that can fit about 10 cars so best bet is to park out on the street. During the night, you don't even have to pay to park. Walking in, instantly my eyes go to the decor. Very modern and cool. They have a Buddha rabbit, Buddha chandler, & they have little tables setup with comfy couches.  The environment is very relaxed and chill unlike most hipster bars downtown. The specialty drinks were not what I expected them to be. For instance, when I ordered Graveyard Of Champions.. The cucumber ice was Majority of the small glass. The actual drink was minimal. The presentation was cool but I basically paid $10 for a large round cucumber ice. Also when me and my friends would order the same drink, they would taste completely different. This happened with more than 1 drink. One would taste amazing while the other would taste nothing like it. the bartenders paid close attention to you though. And there would be someone who walked around picking up our empty glasses. I'd probably return again, in hopes to write a better review next time!
4	Graveyard of Champions (Picture #69 is the menu for Summer '14 -until the end of August?) is the first cocktail I ordered today, wonderfully fresh and fitting for summer. I partially agree with Sandra R. in that the cucumber ice cube is a bit too much, the cocktail was much better when I let my drink sit and some of the cucumber mixed with the drink. Cocktails are meant to be drank slow, sipped and enjoyed. Something my generation does not understand, unfortunately. But the cube was damn large, maybe two or three smaller cubes would be better? Done talking about ice cubes now.The second drink was their twist on an old fashioned cocktail. I say twist because I believe he added an olive instead of a cherry and used soda water versus plain. Beautiful. I appreciate a bartender/bar equipped with a muddler despite how simple. In all the decor was good. Eye pleasing without taking away from conversation. I went midday, the windows in the front brought in sufficient but not too much daylight. All the metals & classic seating fit together very well. I myself not so impressed with the Buddha chandelier. Whatever.Great friendly, knowledgeable bartenders, caring enough to offer waters to people drinking (including myself), bars in this town need to do this more. Great lively atmosphere, no smoking inside (I smoke, don't mind this), some gaming & in addition to the craft cocktails there is also a few craft beers on the menu. They accept credit cards & have clean bathrooms. I dinged them for the limited/street parking but this definitely won't be my last time here.
2	Velveteen Rabbit gets 5 stars for great cocktails, 3 stars for atmosphere, and negative 6 stars for service, earning them a 2-star rating.Cocktails: Great and diverse. This is the reason to come here.Atmosphere: Great furnishings, nice decor. Unfortunately, it's all wasted thanks to the lack of shades on the front window, which allows the blinding light from the tattoo place across the street to flood the room. Sitting at the end of the bar facing the window, the bartender was nothing but a silhouette. Why would you have a nice dark room, and then put a spotlight facing people in it? The light is only blinding from a few places, but is irritating from almost everywhere in the place.Service: Despite it not being busy, it took Blondie the Bartender 10 minutes to finish socializing with people at the other end of the bar to finally come over to us, and she served the people who had come in 5 minutes AFTER us first. No awareness at all. We had planned on sampling some cocktails, but I was so turned off by the needless wait that I ordered a beer (incorrectly thinking it would come quickly), which sat empty in front of me for 20 minutes before she came back and asked if we wanted another round. So instead of spending $70+ dollars,  we left after 1 drink.The sad thing is that VR is walking distance from our house, so we might have been frequent customers.Next time I'll just go the Atomic or Huntridge -- at least someone will serve me there.
5	Beautiful - Well Composed Drinks - Trendy OverallThe atmosphere is relaxing, yet lively. The drinks are well made and intricate. The service is just as you'd expect. I stopped in for a drink on my back to the strip and was pleasantly surprised with the overall feel of this hotspot. If you want a well made cocktail, a hipster atmosphere to look-around to people watch - this is your stop. Pull over and give this place a try, its a beautiful fell.
5	Definitely one of my favorite spots to hit up when I'm in the Arts District!  The bartenders are very friendly and know how to put an amazing list of drinks together.  Aesthetically, this place is amazing.  I really love the tap handles.. their hands. So, I like to tell my friends to look at the HANDles and laugh at myself like an idiot.  The selection of beer they have here is awesome, as well!  Love that you can get Leffe Blonde on tap!  Occasionally, they'll have some live music (DJs have been there most times I have gone), so it can get pretty loud, but it's not terrible.  This place is definitely worth your time if you like the hipster-feel, great drinks, and a good time!
4	Great spot to have a well-crafted cocktail. Excellent craft beer list. Good service. Clean bar. I give it two thumbs up!
5	It was sort of challenging to find this place but when I got here, it was totally worth it.  Inside, it was super dark and not very busy so I felt very comfortable.  The two lady bartenders behind the bar were very easy to talk to and very accommodating.  At first, I got one of their listed cocktails, but after that, i asked each of them to make something that they would order for themselves and make it for me.  Usually you can ask questions about them but sometimes their choices of alcoholic drink and spirit says things too.  And after each of them delivered me their drinks of choice, I was genuinely satisfied that they made those drinks as if they were making it for themselves.  In that respect, I knew that this is the type of bar where one can put their absolute trust in their bartenders of delivering a satisfying cocktail.  While there, I actually met a local bar hopping compadre who used to work in the SF Bay Area where I am now.  I'm very pumped to see a lot of former Bay Area folks living in LV!  I didn't get a chance to try a beer there or to try their food but both were highly recommended by bar patrons to my right and left who were seated nearby.  I guess I'm coming back here next time I'm in town!  See you soon Velveteen Rabbit!
5	Friendly service, and very creative signature cocktails. They'll also do any other cocktail you can think up (they made a great sazerac for me). Gets louder and busier after 10pm, but you can go outside to lounge as well.
5	It's easy to miss this place despite the neon rabbit sign.  It's tucked away on the side of the street, but once you find it you'll never have trouble getting there again.  The bar spans along the wall almost until the end of the building. There are Victorian couches, art on the walls, tables, dim lit chandeliers, and a dj on the weekends.  The patio out back was larger than I expected, but what really matters is the drink menu.  It's very creative, I got the snake doctor and it had gin, raspberry, and some other kind of magic.  Everyone I've brought here has been happy with the results.
5	Velveteen Rabbit is everything I like in a bar. It's casual, interesting, unpretentious, friendly, and most important, they make amazing drinks. Even more important is the latter combined with the former, since in so many cases amazing drinks are served up with a double dose of snoot. Not here. These folks are legit. This little hole in the wall has a definitely grimy feel to it. I wouldn't have been slightly surprised to find a dive bar occupying this space. But instead they are slinging out some pretty interesting craft cocktail concoctions. And not only classics. They are making things up that please the palate and put your head on swirl. And beyond the delicious flavors, the prices are very right. While the space itself seems a bit unpolished, they have some really interesting art, like an installation based on a projection on one of their walls with flaking paint, and a nice piece back near the bathrooms. And possibly the most endearing to me was the graffiti on the bathroom stall wall that simply proclaimed "Fuck your selfies". Yup. I like this place. It reminds me just a little tiny bit of my home base in Portland, but it's different. It fits this town much better. And by this town, I mean the real LV, beyond the strip.
4	Velveteen Rabbit. The name alone should peek your curiosity. We all know the children's book The Velveteen Rabbit by Margery Williams.  The story of a stuffed rabbit that becomes real through the love of his owner. It is one of my favorites and now this bar is one of mine.It's simple. It's charming, and it's a nice quiet quaint reprieve from the norm. It's a locals' hangout for locals who want a little modern sophistication with their liquor. The accent that places this joint into the four star category is the Mason jar chandeliers that delicately light up the space. It is truly wondrous just like the children's book.My lady and I ordered the 'Whezzin' the Juice' which is an urban term meaning sticking your mouth underneath a beverage tap.It is a bourbon-based cocktail with root liquor, vanilla, angostura, mint and crushed ice. It was basically an awesome non-carbinated root beer soda. The cocktail menu changes seasonally so don't be confused if you don't see it.Congrats to the owners, they loved their rabbit enough to see it turn real.
5	I love The Velveteen Rabbit! I love the decor, the art, and of course THE DRINKS! The Rabbit has the best cocktails and the most affordable prices in the downtown area. They always play great music and the bartenders are super knowledgeable and helpful. I can't wait to go back and check out their new cocktails!
5	What is not to love about the Rabbit? The bar staff are amazing mixologists and the cocktails are phenomenal. The fact that they are so thorough with their menu is that much more impressive. Not only will you be able to find a liquor for everyone, but the flavor profiles for each is usually outstanding. On my last visit, I had already tried everything on their recent menu and asked for a cocktail that was more spirit forward and it took no time for the bartender to mix up a wonderful concoction. At first, I was a little hesitant to ask for a special cocktail since some might take it as an insult to their current offerings. Instead, they tend to be more accommodating without taking offense. Since the menu is seasonal, there is always a chance of finding the perfect drink that suits your mood. The venue is dimly lit with random furniture interspersed throughout and a cool patio area for outdoor live performances. The interior lounge can be a bit warm and the ability to take a breather without interrupting your libation fixation is nice.On Sundays, Geeks Who Drink do a pub quiz at 7pm. It overlaps the Rabbits happy hour so you can get two dollars off the specialty drink list while participating in this interactive group activity.
3	So.... I met some girlfriends here for some drinks so we could catch up and chat.....Did we chat, you ask? HELL NO! we yelled into each other's ears.Unless you are into highly priced specialty cocktails in a shady neighborhood near downtown, I wouldn't recommend this place.It's just another loud, over priced hipster bar. Not my scene, not what I was expecting. I was hoping for a few drinks and some peaceful chat with the gals.
5	yummy cocktails. & super cute atmosphere :)
4	Go to the Rabbit. It's a cool spot even if you're not a hipster dufus. The bartenders craft a great cocktail. This is one of the ONLY places with a nice selection of microbrews where I actually pass up the sculpin, green flash, dogfish head etc. to drink something yummy, boozy and made with love. It's a must for First Friday. I never miss a chance to get my cocktail fix before heading across the street for the monthly art festival.
5	One of the newest additions to Velveteen Rabbit is the weekly pub quiz they now have on Sunday nights, hosted by Geeks Who Drink.  8 rounds of trivia, from picture rounds, to music rounds, to overall random trivia (the average speed of male ejaculate is around 30mph, FYI), the topics are varied enough to make you feel both well traveled and quite ignorant in the same night.  Best team name gets a round of free shots, 2nd place gets a $25 bar tab, and 1st place gets a $50 bar tab.  Pub Quiz starts at 7:00pm, which means you still get to enjoy Velveteen Rabbit's happy hour till 8:00pm.Their most recent seasonal menu is probably my least favorite; the drinks aren't as liquor forward as their older cocktails, and some seem like they would be a better fit for summer due to their lighter flavors.  However, this isn't a bad thing, since they will make cocktails from their previous menus if they have the ingredients.  Don't remember what you liked in the past?  Everyone here has been able to make a cocktail based on what you're feeling at the moment.  Still my favorite cocktail bar in town.
4	As others have said very hip in a trendy area of Vegas that I for one did not know existed. There are some really really cool antique stores just yards from VR. That said their drinks can be really hit or miss but the prices are very reasonable which definitely helps when downing a clunker.
5	This is a cool place to go and chill with friends, and imbibe your heart away. There is an ample-sized bar, with vintage seating along the other side of the room. When I say vintage, I mean you can feel the springs and the butt grooves in the cushions. There is also an interesting interactive wall art towards the back of the room, which I believe uses 3D mapping to create the visual images based on the texture of the wall? It's relaxing to stare at and I recommend you zone out on it for fun. Drink: I only had one. Oprah's O Face. This drink came in a coffee cup and saucer! Made with Chai and bourbon, it was so easy to drink and I could have had several more. If I did, I would have been really hyper from the chai and buzzed from the alcohol. Not sure if that is a healthy mix, and next time I'll report back on it! There is a patio, but I didn't go outside to see. Just saw people walking in and out. Parking: there is a small private lot and street parking available.For the quality of cocktails they are producing, the price is great. See you there!
5	The owners are super committed to their standards of service and quality, the bar is AMAZING. They have an amazing selection of beers and cocktails straight from their mixology culture. This is definitely one of the upcoming downtown bars along with their events and guest bands.
4	Velveteen Rabbit is like falling down a rabbit hole for sure! This place is vintage, hipster, cool, trippy and great place to imbibe all at once. The cocktails are always delightful and refreshing, the beer list is extensive and caters to all types of beer fans. The music too is always changing, and they seem to have someone always spinning good vibes.  The only set back from this place is they don't have any light fare bar food, even snack mix or popcorn something. At cocktail lounges or bar like this they usually have something. Other than that this place is a great stop.
4	I love anything dark and scrappy. I also love some finely crafted cocktails. Hence, I loved Velveteen Rabbit.The only sign outside is a tiny neon rabbit, so be on the lookout. This could easily be mistaken as a hipster-y pretentious move on their part, but once you're inside, you'll see that anything more would have been too much. Oh, and the little bit of neon is a lovely nod to the city. The interior is dark and cozy, with vintage sofas and chairs all around. There's also some really cool artwork and fun light shows on the walls. We chose to sit at the bar and play 25-cent video blackjack. The bartenders were friendly enough, but coming from the heart of the Midwest, I expected a bit more kindness. And I know DTLV can bring it -- I had some of the sweetest, most genuine service here. They sure could make drinks, though. We watched with wide-eyes and they expertly created our boozy concoctions for several minutes, making sure everything was perfect. And they were. The drinks were absolutely outstanding. If you've been blinded by the lights on the Strip for too long, a stop at Velveteen Rabbit is a must-do. But do yourself a favor and don't listen to anyone who tells you this place is near Fremont East -- it's in the Arts District. This can be 1.5 mile mistake, and no taxis will take you such a short distance, even though your feet feel like they're going to fall off from walking all day and you promise to tip the driver big.
4	Def a good scene to have in Vegas that offers locals a different option other than he strip or locals casino. Hipster vibe, good beer selection.
5	I had a great first experience at this location and was pleasantly surprised. I am not a huge fan of craft cocktails and mixologists because I find many of these establishments to be pretentious and over priced. Our bartender (wish I had got his name) was excellent, after ordering a couple wooden nickels he gave me some off menu items that were just as tasty. The atmosphere was decent, the crowd light (it was a Monday night, so not much expected) but good mix of people, and music selection suitable. I will return for after work cocktails and suggest you give it a try!
4	Loved this artsy eclectic bar. Not a "scene" but makes you feel cool anyway. Amazing handmade cocktails- just wish they were a little bigger!
5	Back in 2008, when the recession hit Nevada, construction halted in Vegas and the casinos in Reno lost any lobbying power they had, tearing down old buildings with flashy lights. Reno truly tried to become a little Vegas, but now that downtown has been revamped with tons of new, local stuff, people are flocking away from the gambling machines and into micro-roast coffee shops or river activities.Vegas, in the wake of the recession, never stopped being a town of casinos. People don't come here for the local stuff because it's so spread out - easier to be on the Strip, right?Except...man I am so fucking sick of casinos. Give me a nice drink, give me someone who cares about their ingredients. Give me a small business owner with tons of knowledge, who can talk your ear off about liquors and housemade mixes. Give me a bar that will make you a Blood & Sand, and light the orange peel on fire to give it a little more oomph, something that sets it apart from the others.Velveteen Rabbit is most certainly that bar. On the Strip, I'd venture to say you're paying $15 for a drink that was unceremoniously thrown together, with mass produced, from concentrate juices, something with high fructose corn syrup, cheap ingredients.Here, you'll pay about $10, $11, for a drink that is entirely handmade. I realize, as I'm writing this, that this is pretty much any popular bar in San Francisco (Rickhouse, Bourbon & Branch, etc) - with the exception that there is no air of pretentious here. Just two sisters, owning a bar off the Strip, and doing a goddamn good job of it.Support your local business, this one is well deserving.
4	Good place, but might be oin the pricey side when compared to other options nearby.
4	Went here on a Friday night, Dec 26, 2014.It's a bit of a cab ride away from the strip, but once you're here, the drink prices make up for it ($10 cocktails, versus $20 on the strip).  It's a loud and dark place, with a hipster feel... though I didn't feel like there were pretentious assholes here.  Then again, most of my energy is typically devoted to trying to figure out which of the two images of my friend is actually speaking, and not spilling my drink.Kidding aside, the handcrafted cocktails here are great.  I can't say I fell in love with any of the drinks, but at that price, you just order one of each and have fun with it.  As I said, it's a bit loud, so it forces you sidle up to your partner to attempt a conversation.  There's also a dance floor, and I heard there's live music on certain nights!  I'll be back.
5	Andrew is everything!  Great customer service, makes delicious drinks. Cool, relaxed atmosphere here :)
