1	Went here on my wedding anniversary for dinner. This was hands down the worst sushi I've ever had. *ever*. My tempura was undercooked and gooey on the inside. The place was a bar that had 1/2 turned into a sushi place. There appeared to be a big back room that had been turned into some children's party with balloon hats and carnival-ish lights. When I asked the waitress for what non-alcholic drinks they had, she gave me a surprised look and repeated "you want non alcholic??". My husband's meal was tiny and drowned in overly salty brown sauce.  This was the sushi bar that made us give up on sushi in Arizona.
4	I go to Crazy Fish at least once a week, since some of their sushi is the best I've found in 10 years of living in Arizona.  Of course, I go during happy hour and order the items I know they do well, but I'm not sure I'd go as often if I had to pay regular price all the time.For happy hours, on M-F they have 1/2 off selected rolls from 4-7, and Sundays from 9pm-close they offer 2-for-1 nigiri selections.  If you go during these times, you'll be able to stuff yourself for significantly less than you'll pay at other sushi places.  They have drink specials at these times, as well, but since I don't drink, I couldn't tell you what they are.  There's always a handful of college students in there drinking, though, so the specials must be remotely worthwhile.What they do really, really well: (1) ahi & salmon nigiri (these items, at least, have large slabs of meat roughly twice the size that I've had at other places); (2) anything containing spicy tuna (my man says the taste of these is the best he's ever had).  (3) The rest of the items I've ordered have been tasty and sized normally.  All of my tempura has always been crunchy, and they've even thrown in some amazing decorated fruit desserts every now and then to thank me as a regular customer.What they could improve on:  (1) Their philly rolls look beautiful with the salmon on top, but the middle contains so many carrot slices that it's crunchier in a veggie sort of way than you expect sushi to be.  (2) Their green tea is not the loose-leaf sencha type common at other places.  They'll bring you your own teapot full of hot water, but it's up to you to steep it from their teabags.  (3) Overall prices are a bit steep outside of happy hour, especially for non-meat items such as seaweed salad (at about $6 for a tiny plate).The staff is always friendly, yet the speed of service depends on which server you get.  Same goes for the sushi makers... they know what they're doing, but if you go during slower times of day, it means you'll have to wait a little longer to get it all made.  I've eaten there dozens of times, and they've never screwed up an order.  They even provided cake plates, prompt service, and neatly divided checks for a party of 16 that I dropped on them unexpectedly one night.The decor and environment lend themselves far more to drinking and partying than they do romance, I'll admit.  But it's clean and comfortable enough, and if you're looking to stuff your face and be able to enjoy good food without excessively loud music blaring over your conversation (which drove us away from Ra in the first place, along with their slow service), then Crazy Fish is the place to lounge with your friends.
1	It's been about a month and a half since I've treated myself to sushi. I made the decision about noon time today that it was time I took myself out. Seven hours later I finally arrived at my chosen destination...Crazy Fish. I'm still new to town and figured I'd give it a shot.I kinda really wish I'd gone somewhere else. After having been sushi deprived for so long I was hoping for a little piece of sushi heaven. A little bit of Unagi bliss...It took over half an hour for my first pieces to arrive at my table, mind you, the restaurant wasn't jam packed or anything, maybe 8 other tables had people, most of whom had already received their orders.The cuts of salmon were huge, that was great, but then I bit into the pieces and discovered the rice had been over cooked and was a little crunchy (how do you screw up rice?).Another five minutes ticked by and my salmon skin roll arrived. It was overwhelmingly  underwhelming with its random sauce and lack of toasted-ness.Finally, my unagi pieces arrived. The two things I love most about unagi are the texture (crispy mixed with soft) and the sauce. Well, there was no crispy and the sauce was so thick I had to chew it.Not to mention that it cost a whole heck of a lot more than it should have. I was probably spoiled by the all-you-can-eat sushi place in Albuquerque...Oh, one last thing, they didn't even ask if I wanted any Miso soup!
5	Went here after a friend suggested it. Haven't been able to find great sushi, since we came back from visiting Japan. I have to say that this place is great. The service is wonderful, the sushi chef is great, they have great drink specials and the food is amazing. I couldn't believe how fresh the fish was and how knowledgeable about the variety of sushi and sashimi the chef was (amazing accent too, he's from Spain and raised in Costa Rica). The location is a little out of place, even my GPS couldn't find it...but the location made it very quaint!!!They have the freshest fish/seafood around, actually they have the freshest fish/seafood I've had, since visiting Japan and eating the sushi there!! Hands down, it's the best sushi, service and atmosphere in the East Valley area.
2	I haven't been here for a few years so I decided it would be worth another visit.  I remember going for the cheap saki bombers and sushi back in college.  I've been here 2 times recently and there weren't any notable specials on bombers or sushi.  Had there been some killer specials I might have written a better review, but if you want a better sushi selection, better quality, better service with comparable prices; just go to RA.  The only real upside is that the place is dead most of the time so you get it all to yourself.
4	I actually have never eaten here, but we go for happy hour a lot.  They have really great deals and the place is really cool.  Good drinking atmosphere.
2	I was really really really hoping that this was going to be *the* place. Since moving to Phoenix, I haven't found any good sushi places, so I was hoping.Shouldn't have bothered.Not only was there epic construction making it difficult to get to (not their fault), but I felt like I'd walked into a time warp. Our table was towards the back of the completely empty restaurant, and you could just smell the cigarette smoke wafting in from the lounge. Gross.There was a great happy hour drink menu...that the waitress then pointed out to us was no longer valid. Ever. Not because we weren't there in time, but because it just didn't apply.  Heavens forbid they take the time to take out the piece of paper, and turn it around to the white side (as I did).Their menu had prices blacked out on the sashimi (I kinda get this -- market price changed, and they didn't want to re-print the whole menu), but also on the edamame.  Um, what?We were all sat by 6:35.  By 6:45, we were ready to order. Nada.  Finally, at 6:57, one of us took our order up to our waitress chilling at the bar (no one else at tables at this point) to make sure we got our order in before 7pm, for the happy hour sushi specials. Greeeeat.As far as vegetarian options, I got the agedashi tofu, miso soup, and invented my own roll (cucumber, avacado and cream cheese).  The menu had only a cucumber roll and a garden roll (that came with egg in it). Don't expect them to be veggie friendly.My cohorts got their rolls, and all of us did enjoy the sushi, hence this place getting more than 1 star.I placed a to-go order for my sick partner. They didn't have a regular Philly Roll on the menu (what?), so I asked if they could make it.  After much debate, they said they could. And then charged me NINE DOLLARS for it.  Let's see -- my friends got half price, special rolls with roe and salmon and shrimp and veggies and eel sauce and more for $5.  But salmon and cream cheese is $9. What?Oh, and the ads in the bathroom? Expired in 2007.Food was good. But between the prices, the service, and the weird menu issues, I'll not be coming back.
4	I've been trying out different sushi places around my house and I've finally found one where I'll be proud to be a "regular". While it's no RA or Kabuki, it definitely has  its perks. 1) No long waits2) No annoying tourists (although writing this review may bring more in but I'll settle)3) Great sushi4) Nice chef on M, Th and Fridays. Their happy hour is only from 5-7 but it is from Mon- Fri. Most places only do M- Th. There are a good 15 or so rolls that are half off during HH and plenty of daily specials. This place is only 6 minutes from me and it's right down the street from where I take the express bus back home from work. Now, if you're expecting smooth, suave and hip from Crazy Fish, don't come here. If you prefer RA or some other chain-sushi place, don't come here. If you want a nice waitress who is friendly, a chef who talks to you and is pleasant, and a quiet place to eat, CF is for you.Since I prefer dim lighting to red lights and no waiting in line, I'm going to come here repeatedly.
1	Sub par sushi (at best) and terrible service! I had eaten here once before with a group of friends, and wasn't all that impressed, but we had a $25 off coupon, so decided to give it another try last night.  Big mistake.  First of all, the place was a ghost town, which on a Thursday night in Tempe should have been our first indication to leave. We sat at the sushi bar, not more than 2 feet away from the "chef". He never said hello, or even looked us in the eye. He did however, turn to his coworker and make a derogatory comment in Spanish about my partner and I. Not a smart move, as we both understand and speak Spanish quite well. Needless to say, we left the restaurant and will never return. If I'm going to give a restaurant over $100.00 of my money, at the very least I'd expect not be insulted. We went down the street to Sushi 101, where we should've gone in the first place, and had an excellent meal, with outstanding service. Never again, Crazy Fish. Bigoted staff aren't good for business.
3	OK sushi, very good service.  The best sushi was actually the strangest sounding sushi that we ordered.  The crazy monkey roll has tempura banana in it, which you would think would taste weird, but it actually was pretty good with the other ingredients in the roll.  All the other rolls we tried were just OK, not fantastic, but not really bad.  In addition to their sushi, they have some standard Japanese type dishes.  There's a pool table area in the back which costs a dollar for a round.  The tables are not the best quality and they lean a certain way due to the uneven floor.  It's a bit smokey in there too so if you don't like cigarette smoke, you should probably avoid playing pool there.
4	This place is a total Sushi Dive!  I dig; this is my bar!  It's generally pretty quiet and I can actually hear what you're saying.  I enjoy getting small appetizers here along with my beer.  Reverse every Friday - Sunday!  The food is pretty good - I wouldn't say it's the best but edible.  Service is great - staff here is always friendly and down to earth.  The decor is pretty cool - modern Japanese style.  This is my "No Significant Other" bar - yes so if you're hanging with me and we're going to Crazy Fish you best not bring your partner - you'll get slapped!  Haha - really!  - Enjoy!
2	Unremarkable, if not downright disagreeable, sushi and an odd atmosphere make this one of the dumpiest places I'll not return to.
3	I'm not going to lie, I was extremely nervous to go here, BUT it was actually okay.  The service was kind of slow and the chick wasn't very attentive AND then the sushi chef went outside on a smoke break....  Needless to say, I probably will not go out of my way to revisit, but whilst there it was fair....
2	I don't know about this place, the place was dead on a Friday night and the sushi was extremely bad.  The only reason why I gave it 2 stars is because of the staff.
1	Ripoff!!!! They advertise 1/2 off rolls on Sunday- not really... $95 later we left. Pissed off and will never go back again!!!! No wonder you have no customers.
1	Don't waste your time or money. Service was bad (granted it was her second day according to the bar tender) but food was not good! The nori tasted bitter and was probably really old and the fish sure didn't take like fish. I should have know when I walked in and there were only 2 tables. Just because it is a good location (kinda- it was hard to get out) doesn't mean you should go. Stay away!  I think I'm going to be sick.
4	So, you really have to search to find this place... and figure out how to get into their parking lot... and find them when they are open. BUT once you get there, they have a very good sushi bar and fair prices. Their happy hour makes it even better with half-price off some sushi. This could be the best kept secret in town.
