5	Love this dance studio.  I will be back as soon as I have moola.
5	Today i took my first ever structured dance lesson. I wanted to learn swing. Took a private lesson and learned swing basics along with salsa basics. Very fun with a very talented instructor Nikki. I went back later for the basics dance class. On my first day learned not only swing and salsa, but tango, foxtrot, merengue, bachata, rumba, cha cha, and one more i can't remember. The various instructors were awesome. Met the owner who is very nice. I have another lesson tomorrow. I can't wait. Great exercise, and so much fun. It's refreshing to do something out of the norm.
5	Took lesson's for my upcomingWedding and the owner Martin was our instructor. He was so nice and did such a wonderful job! Love this place and would recommend it to anyone!
5	I love the studio. I came to the studio to be able to get some moves when I go out. I love to practice at the studio so I can go out and tear it up when I dance. The studio has a great vibe and the instructors are awesome!
5	I've been on a hiatus from reviews on Yelp for the last few months since I've been heavily wedding planning, but thankfully, the day has come and passed and now I get to thank all the wedding vendors who helped us along the way!My now-husband and I were really nervous about our first dance. Our song is Citizen Cope's "Somehow", which, if you don't have anyone telling you what to do and how to do it, you could of just do the awkward middle-school dance arms around each other sway to. Thankfully, we made the realization about 6 weeks before the wedding that we should probably step up our first dance game. He did some research and called around to dance studios in the area. We settled on Fred Astaire Dance Studio because:1) they answer their phones and return VMs in a timely manner (barely any studio called my husband back)2) they are super nice on the phone (and in-person, which we later found out) 3) they had an introductory deal that included a free private instructional class to see what they were all aboutI was very nervous when walking into the dance studio, but everyone was very welcoming. They even had a "Welcome Ghia and Dan" notice on their whiteboard, which was a very personal touch. We met with our instructor, Nikki, and the owner, Martin. They played our song on their speakers and let us know the best dance to do to it would be the Rumba, which I had no experience with whatsoever, other than watching it be done on DWTS. After our private lesson, we sat down with them to discuss pricing.  They are not pushy at all and made us feel very comfortable about everything, but honestly, we both realized very soon that we needed their professional help badly. We ended up getting 5 private lessons with unlimited group lessons for a month (they provide a calendar of group dance classes you can attend, which have a big variety). Nikki was great at assessing our comfort/skill levels during our private lessons and we also got a lot of feedback from Martin at our progress. The group dance lessons were very fun and got us to go even more out of our comfort zone. You dance with a lot of different partners during this time, which may be scary for some people, but it actually helps you get so much more comfortable at dancing in general. I really wish we had more time during that month to attend more classes, but wedding planning really consumes all your energy. What I really appreciated was their weekly dance parties (Wednesday and Friday nights). These parties gave couples the perfect opportunity to practice their dances in a fun, positive, judgement-free environment. Even when we weren't in a private lesson, Martin and Nikki continually checked in on us or gave us tips when they saw us practicing in studio. They are also just super down to earth people that really care about their students. Our first dance ended up going well very well (including a dip at the end) and we really owe that all to Fred Astaire Dance Studio!
5	Fantastic studio!   Martin, the owner, is a super person and a great instructor.I had never done ballroom or Latin dance, or any dancing in public for that matter.  After a number of discouraging attempts at finding a comfortable environment for my beginning steps, I found Fred Astaire through referral from a friend.  I admit that the name "Fred Astaire" was intimidating and I expected another less than good experience, but as soon as I walked into the studio, I felt the relaxed atmosphere there.  Not that I was relaxed, but Martin and Nikki quickly put me at ease.  I signed up for private lessons and attend the group beginner classes, and a Latin cardio class.    I'm only three weeks into it, and already this new experience has been therapeutic for me physically, mentally and emotionally.   It's such a gift to find something so fun and challenging for myself as a single woman in my sixties.
5	My boyfriend & I went here for an introductory lesson.  Nikki was a fantastic teacher, and Martin was very welcoming when we arrived at the studio.  Only a lack of money kept me from signing up for more lessons on the spot.  Great studio, keep up the good work Nikki & Martin. :)
5	I can almost word for word reiterate what Ghia said.  My wife and I decided it was a very good idea to get a few lessons in before our wedding and maybe put a little something special together for our first dance.  Martin was incredibly welcoming and patient with us.  We got it 5 lessons before the big day and had something nice put together to the song we chose.  I really hope to return so we can actually spend some quality time learning some different dance styles together.  I'm very glad we chose this studio and wouldn't go anywhere else after the treatment and experience we had with them. 6 stars
5	Nikki and Martin were super sweet and professional. I definitely recommend them. They performed at a wedding I planned and they were very entertaining.
