4	As the four stars would imply, I'm a fan of Qdoba.  Nothing against other places like Moe's, Salsarita's and Chipotle, I just think Qdoba tastes a lot better.They have multiple types of burritos that you can order with tortilla or without (saves you a surprising amount of calories).  They also have quesadillas, nachos, soups, etc.Recommendations:  Naked BBQ Chicken burrito.  It's sort of amazing.Not sure of how long this will last or if it's just this location, but they have Buy One Get One Free Burritos at the Woodlawn/Park location.
4	Okay, I'm a Chipotle girl.  No need to try Qdoba in my mind.  But I'm glad I did.  I love that they have several choices including soup and salad variations.  Also, they have a vegetable burrito that is not just beans and guac but also squash and other real vegetables.  Servings are similarly huge so you have to watch your consumption, but nothing is too expensive and four-for-four experiences were very good.
2	According to the menu, the ancho-chili bbq sauce is slightly sweet, but it's not, it's very sweet, cloyingly so.  It works however on the slow roasted pork burrito primarily because the pork itself doesn't have much flavor at all. Major additional complaints are that the rice they put in the burritos is too mushy and their chips have a pre-packaged taste and feel although I'm sure they're made fresh in house. All in all it's a mediocre experience for made to order Mexican food at a fairly reasonable price.  Wouldn't recommend it compared to other options around town, but I wouldn't avoid it if friends wanted to go...
3	Qdoba is in a convenient location and the service is good. I got the veggie burrito and once they wrapped it and gave it to me, man was it heavy! The chips and salsa were good and salty. In a pinch, I'd go back. I still prefer Chipotle (get with the program Qdoba on non-hormone injected meats).
3	Well it's better than most of the fast mexican places I have been to but its nothing special.  My veggie burrito was huge and came with guacomole (ps. this is big deal considering most places charge up to $2 extra) but everything just tasted blah not very exciting. The black beans weren't cooked through.  A plus though the place was clean and service was friendly.
3	One of the first entrants in the burrito market. Qdoba and these others are sort of like Subway, where you pick how you want it as your "sandwich" goes down the assembly line. They have some very innovative ideas for their burritos sauces - I chose the Poblano Pesto chicken burrito. Otherwise, it seems to be very similar to the other chains with chopped beef or chopped chicken. They might also do a pulled pork and veggie burrito.You don't necessarily have to go with the burrito. They offer salads and nachos and tacos and quesadillas and even soup.I have to agree with Dave's much earlier review - the cilantro lime rice is really good here but the chips are better at Salsaritas. And going a bit further, the salsa is better at Moe's.Free wifi and they have a frequent flier club where you can get free stuff after a certain number of visits.
4	I love Qdoba. Whenever I eat at another place like Moe's or Salsarita's I find myself comparing it to Qdoba and appreciating the variety but thinking it's just not Qdoba. Their burritos are about the same price as elsewhere but bigger. They have also have a great selection of other foods. My go to dish used to be their burritos but now it's the Mexican Gumbo. So good.The location of this Qdoba is great. It gets really busy like all other eateries around Myers Park at lunch but it's worth the wait. The manager, Mike, is really nice and recognizes the regulars and calls them by name.Don't forget to sign up for your Qdoba card so you can get free entrees!There is also $1 beer on Fridays with the purchase of an entree... a nice warm evening, you've finished your work week. You meet some friends for delicious Mexican food and eat it outside while enjoying a $1 beer. It's a great start to a weekend.Overall Qdoba is a great place if you want some quick Mexican.
4	Always a good place to get filled up-twice even sometimes. Service at this location has always been the best out of any location I've been to. I really wish they still had the Mole and a few other choices that made this place unique.Hands down though, this will always beat some other greasy fast food place if you are in a hurry. Oh yeah, $1 taco's on Tuesday's make for a great, quick, cheap meal.
4	This has been a qdoba i've been going to for at least 7 years. I love how soft they steam the burrito wraps. I officially think that if you are going to get burritos, qdoba might just be better than chipotle. However, chipotle does have the cilantro and lime rice. I also learned that even though it is not written on their menus, you can get the bowl style that chipotle offer at qdoba. Just ask for your burrito in a bowl with the wrap separate they will put it on an aluminum foil for you. Nice location and  i will be back for my next qdoba craving!
4	First time ever coming here, in fact I never even knew this place existed, but when looking at the prices I was taken aback... $6 for a burrito, I say to myself. But nit eating all day I decide to "take the hit". Then I see why, the burrito was massive and almost forced me to use knife and fork. I got chicken with Brown rice. Though everything is in warming trays, the rice was fine, not dry at all, and the chicken was of good portion. It was a good choice. One I'll make again.
4	Haven't explored this shopping center yet so I stopped by looking for a quick lunch. There are quite a few choices over here but I decided on Qdoba since I have never been here before.  Reminds me of a Moe's or Chipotle with the service line and restaurant set up. I decided on a chicken quesadilla and a drink . They asked if I wanted a whole wheat or white/flour tortilla, I had no idea they even made whole wheat tortillas but I don't think I have ever been asked that at Moe's (granted I haven't been in about a year) . I choose the whole wheat one , and added pico inside with the cheese and chicken. Overall it was a pretty good quesadilla , they offer guac and sour cream on the side with lettuce . I will say that it's huge and I was not able to finish it so I guess I got my money's worth! Clean restaurant with quick service by the time I left plenty of people were coming in for lunchParking is pretty good , but I noticed the lot started to fill up as the lunch time crowd came in .
5	Absolutely love this place.  The manager of this location Michael always has a smile on his face, and you can tell that he enjoys what he does.  The food is always fresh and we love coming to this restaurant.
