4	I've never stayed at the Treasure Island, but we've spent some time ogling the pirate show ("Sirens of T.I.") that happens few times an hour at night.  Every time the show starts, pedestrians stop dead in their tracks to see it, so it can be annoying if you're just passing through.  The show itself is only fun if you're a child or if you're tipsy.  There are some scantily clad women, muscular men, and Spears/Aguilera/Destiny style music sung on headphone mics with a lot of booty shaking.  We were bummed that the pirates were such sissies.  The Treasure Island itself has a Canter's Fairfax (of Los Angeles) outpost on the ground floor.  Its decor is crazy Jetsons style, but the food is comparable to the original Canter's deli.  It's hard to find good, homely food in Vegas, but Canter's serves up no-nonsense pastrami sandwiches and matzo ball soup.  The security staff at Treasure Island is a bunch of unfriendly goons, though.  I was tired and forgot my purse at the deli, which was turned into security.  When I went to retrieve it, I found a security guard looking through my belongings, and when I told him that was my purse, he yelled at me to stand back.  After a few minutes, he finally shoved everything back in, gave me back the purse, made me sign something but didn't give me a copy of the paperwork.
4	I haven't been to "TI" (sigh) since they've gotten rid of the pirates, but it used to be a pretty hip casino with full-strength free cocktails and a lovely skull decor.  I'll post an update the next time I get a chance to check it out.
3	Less pirates, means less stars. I don't know why the yahoos that manage this place don't capitalize on the popularity of pirates that Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom have brought to the mainstream. The rooms at Treasure Island are about average for a strip casino/hotel.  If you want a nicer room, go to the Hard Rock, Bellagio or Wynn.  We did have the bonus of a room that looked out over the Sirens show, which was kinda neat.Perhaps my favorite place in this casino is in Kahunaville, a cheesy themed bar/restaurant.  Note that I said the place was IN Kahunaville.  That place is the oxygen bar off to the side of the entrance.  It seemed a little fruity at first (that's an unfortunate pun, by the way... the O2 is scented) but when we learned that it's a GREAT hangover cure we were hooked.I mean, who doesn't need a hangover cure in vegas?  (Hint: If you don't, then you aren't doing it right.)
3	I stayed here for my bachelorette weekend in July 2005, post-remodel (and post-makeover).  As my bridesmaid who organized put, it was the cheapest "nice" hotel available for the weekend.  The rooms are decent, beds are comfortable, the pool area is quite large, and the location on the Strip is pretty good.  We went to Tangerine (the club inside) the first night after arriving at 1:30am and it packed full of sketchy people, including a "big in Europe" popstar and his manager.  highly amusing.
4	This is where the young asian hipsters sorta ended up hanging out... I don't know why. It just works that way. Also, they recently added a pretty cool club... plus, i think they have the best casino car in las vegas not called the hard rock.
2	Now that the wonderful PIrate battle has been replaced with the idiotic VIxens or Sirens or Sluts of TI,there is little to recommend this hotel. No great restaurants and guest rooms are very ordinaryand overpriced. Check out the clubs,but stay and gamble elsewhere.
4	I enjoyed my weekend at TI. Good location, reasonably priced, and decent rooms. I mean honestly how often are you even in your room?The customer service is certainly not that of the Ritz Carlton, but this is no motel 6. We didn't spend a lot of time in the casino, or at the restaurants or bars, but for a place to sleep it treated me right!
1	THE SIRENS OF TI: This is possibly the worst $(%&# I have ever seen. And I have seen some bad #(*%&Y#.
4	stayed here because the nightly rate was really good.  this was right after their remodel, so i found the rooms to be clean and pretty comfortable.  really just used this place to crash at night and to rest up in between.  didn't spend much time in the casino.  they were also passing out a lot of two for one drink tickets at the hotel for their bar/small lounge, mist.  basically used that place to pre-party before hitting up the clubs.
3	not terrible but definitely not fabulous. if you have kids, this would be a decent place to go as they are pretty laid back about the little munchkins playing hide and go seek in between the slot machines. compared to the surrounding hotels, treasure island definitely had an overabundance of families. with regards to the rooms, they werent half bad. decor is slightly older and the fascade of the building looks like it hadn't been redone in a while but it was reliable. they had great shampoos and conditioners that smelled all citrusy. i really liked that. oh and the shower pressure was pretty nice. always a bonus. the pool is pretty small and always crowded with kids in floaties and scary looking people that looked like they enjoyed eating at "Dishes" buffet. the price was decent as well, just remember to flash your AAA card to get those extra discounts. let's hope the new "TI" brand catches on and they get some more money to spruce up the place.
4	i love the machines here. really, i do. gambling here is awesome and i actually WIN. never a big loss. i come here the most latenight w/ friends and gamble the night away. the club "myst" is a cool vibe and service in the casino is always good. as for the hotel itself, i wouldn't know... but i come here for the gambling, drinking (for decent prices), and chilling w/ friends. it's not soo "plush and high society-like" it's more calm and comfortable.
3	"Sirens of T.I." worked in that I heard music and was led to my death.It's quite literally the dumbest thing I've ever seen. This is typical, tacky Las Vegas humor and performance. Some guy in the audience was actually laughing at all the "jokes." Sad... Whoever received payment for writing those songs is laughing his ass off on a beach somewhere. The best part of the show was when a palm tree caught fire and their hose was too short to put it out. Now, I'd stand in a crowd to watch that... Didn't stay in the hotel, but have been around the place a lot. They should capitalize on the Pirates of the Caribbean craze and up the ante. The ambience is lacking. I heard the buffet is good and wouldn't mind trying it.I gave 3 stars because the hotel is still pretty cool. Sirens gets negative quintillion points for being lamer than rubber poop.
4	I have stayed in the regular rooms $70-80 and the Petit Suite...love the Petite Suite,  got a great deal at $125 a night online sales, you are getting a sitting area and the piece de resistance, the two separate marble bathrooms.  The hers bathroom is impressive, a two person jacuzzi tub in the center of the bathroom.  Plenty of room to move around the tub both inside and out.  The his bathroom is standard.  The colors are golds and beiges, very nice and luxurious.  Inside the casino, they must pump through aromatherapy through the AC, smells clean and floral, no smoky smell.  I like this hotel because it is nice and the middle of the strip.
5	TI is still my second favorite hotel in LV.  Right behind The Venetian.  The service is great and you can still get wonderfully decorated and clean rooms for a good price.  The other stuff like shows, etc do not really do anything for me as the other reviewers.  I go for service, price and value.  And TI has all three!
4	I stayed here for my 21st birthday. It was nice, the "show" outside of the hotel is cool...but its not my favorite place on the strip to stay at or gamble. Don't get me wrong the decor is nice, the gambling is cool...but I have had more fun elsewhere. They do serve Jim Beam and yes I had some.
4	What are your expectations of a Vegas hotel?  Mine are: (1) clean, comfortable room; (2) cheap; (3) centrally located; and (4) good pool to find a place for a nap after staying up all night.  TI has it all now.  The rooms no longer have that "Arrrgh" pirate motif, but are pleasantly neutral in their decor.  The pool is on the small side, but is a decent scene--do yourself a favor and spend $200 on a cabana; you will not regret it.  And the location is good, too, certainly within walking distance of a lot of the attractions.  Oh, and this was the only casino where I won on my last trip.
1	TI gets the earned "Death 1 Star".  What a  formerly nice place ruined by the new owners. How is this Treasure Island at the Mirage?  Excuse me! No one moved the hotel.  It is Treasure Island. You know, the one that had the cute pirate show battle.  One of my favorites.  So, they take a successul show and replace it with Sirens?  One of the worst and dumbest shows on the Strip. Hey, TI guys/gals.  You been in the sun too long? The Casino is dark and not particularly pleasant to be in.  Seems like heavy smoke all the time. Guess winning money is just as important as killing your customers with second hand smoke. Wow. You'd think Las Vegas is immune to second hand smoke (I know its not just TI, but some of the other properties seem to get fresh air in better).  Food at the coffe shop is mediocre at best, and the fabulous steak house was way overpriced and overblown.  Oh, and the really hip night club, called Tangerine (all the 100s of ads seem to indicate that is where all the hip guys and gals congregate) is a monument to stupidit.?  Somehow if you are a guest, you can bypass the $30 cover charge. I went in at 11pm just to see what's up.  All I saw was a few scantilly clad girl bartenders, and a bunch of big South Pacific burly men in tuxes. Guess it gets rough later on. What a joke. TI you suck!!ps. The admin in my company that booked us here, one question:  "What were you thinking?".
4	Used to stay here before I could legally drink alcohol (pre 2003) and also while I was vacationing with the parents. Good times--hang out by the pool and drink ... or drink virgin cocktails.  Mosey about the nearby pool bar or run inside to get a bite to eat.  Unfortunately they changed the whole Treasure Island thing into the new TI--whatever the heck that's about.  I haven't been there since, but I can still see that they didn't change the actual building. So how does this make sense, guys?
2	I'm not even going to start. The bed was comfortable and it was close to the Sands Convention Center. Other than that BAAAAH
4	Ahhh... TI, i remember this was THE place to dump your kids at on the strip years ago, since they had a pretty large arcade to babysit them while the parental units wanted to gamble. I remember playing in the arcade when i was a kid here. nowadays, my money doesn't go towards these cheap little red tickets to trade in for toys. we checked in late on a saturday, around 6pm, and since i had reserved a non smoking room and they were out, they upgraded us up to a "room in the penthouse floor with of the strip" ~according to the check in guy. When we got up there, the room was fabulous. bathroom was nice and large and our view of the strip was the pit across where venetian was expanding their shopping area. Not too bad... the cool thing was that we watched the sirens show from up there and go to see the pseudo fireworks fly towards us. that was neat. otherwise the beds were comfortable, everything was great. the pool was on the small side but we got to lay out and tan. didn't do much in ti though, it was seriosly a shit shower and shave place for us. it was conveniently located within walking distance to wynn and fashion show!
4	I went here in 05' for a "girls getaway weekend".  Rooms were nice (we had the double queen bed rooms) and the bathrooms were clean.  Nice hotel.  Not bad for the price.  Nice pool and service at the pool.  The spa here was nice and my massage was great so I decided to take another trip here the next year just for the spa alone. Nice steam rooms, great jacuzzi in the women's section.  They served cucumber water and it was very relaxing...HOWEVER on the 2nd visit to the spa my massuse talked my ear off and that is something that he SHOULD not have done.  I didn't walk out feeling relaxed, but only thinking about the book he told me he was going to write about health stuff...
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.What's nice about this hotel is that it is near the Wynn Hotel and Mirage.  Over the years it has undergone a few renovations to move the interior decor away from the pirate theme.The rooms are pretty standard for a hotel on the strip.  Nothing special.  One complaint that I do have is that the beds were the worst ones that I have slept in on the strip and makes you want to go and get a massage!TIP: If you want to check out the Tangerine Night Club, go to the cashier kiosk or even the gift shop where you can pick up free VIP passes.
2	Ugh. How do you spell DEPRESSING? Well, you abbreviate it, anyway, with the letters: T.I. as it's called on the strip.Don't go here. It's gross. Everyone's a slobbering mess. The dealer tried to take my bet in blackjack. That shit was a push. She realized her mistake and tried to pretend nothing happened. Wow.If these were the golden days of vegas, I know just how I woulda dealt with her...A nice knuckle sandwich in the "back room."
1	aweful, aweful experience.my sister was given a discount on her room because they messed up on her reservation last time.  we arrive and TI made us wait 1/2 hour because our room wasn't ready.  when we returned to check in, they told my sister that the rate she reserved the room for was not available. the agent said the rate that was quoted when the room was booked was not available because they were totally booked.  unfortunately it was 10pm, so the night front desk manager authorized us to stay and said the rate would be fine.  the reservations agent confirms the reservtion back to us... it's EXACTLY what my sister booked two weeks ago.  we go to the room and it's WRONG!  view is not what they told us.  instead of two queens, there was one cal king.  when we checked out,  the price is almost twice as much as what the room cost was when my sister booked it.  we were watching the agent who we were checking out with pick up the phone at the counter and talk to her "manager" who was four over.  OH PLEASE.  I tell the agent that this is ridiculous and they have poor customer service.  I'm sure they were making notes of how irrate me and my sister were about the whole situation.  As I'm rambling about what a horrible experience it was, I tell the agent there's no point in providing any more comp nights.Treasure Island couldn't even pay us to return.the only reason why I gave one star was because when we realized the room was a king, they came right away to take our bags to the room with the two queens.
3	It's a pirate themed casino, so yeah it's a little tacky.  The show out front was better before they decided to sex it up.  The whole PLACE was better before they decided to sex it up.  It is a pretty sad little place now - not nearly as popular as it used to be.The casino is laid out well - it's easy to get into and out of and is another place that's easy to get to without having to drive on the Strip.  (Good for parking and walking.)  The rooms are pretty well kept up, but nothing amazing.  It's in a good location though - right across from the Wynn and the Fashion Show Mall.
4	I wasn't going to bother to write a review, but after seeing a slew of recent negative ones, I felt compelled.I've stayed at the TI at least four times in two years, and my satisfaction has only grown.  Mind you, all of these times have been for work, going to nasty conventions, so that colors my opinion, and means my needs are likely very different than the "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" crowd.As a business traveler in a city geared towards anything but seriousness, I appreciate the TI's approachability.  I can be out of my cab, skirt the casino, and be in my room in well under five minutes, something no other large hotel in Vegas can offer.  I've never had anything but polite, helpful and quick service at check in, and luckily, I've been able to get a room no matter what time I check in.Other pluses for me:  Super clean rooms.  Extremely comfortable bedding.  Big tub.  Makeup mirror (the best invention of the 20th century).  When the toilet exploded (I have infamously bad luck with plumbing, it literally just exploded on its own), I had maintenance there in two minutes, and they were polite and professional.  Pho restaurant is delicious.  Social House, while insanely expensive, is very good.Minuses:  Pirate show is huge, heaping pile of sh*t.  Very little fine dining options.  Very little fast food either (like a good coffee stand).  Bars are small and not welcoming.  Gaming is lackluster.I know nothing about the nightclub, show, or pool.All in all, the TI is not much of a destination hotel, but a very good place to stay, either for business or just as a quiet place to chill between party hoping.  Ask for a room facing the Mirage, and you'll have something cool to watch at night.  Avoid rooms facing the mountains (described as scenic, of course), unless you like staring at Elvis-o-rama.
3	This is really an ok place that is centrally located on the Strip.  Rates are reasonable, gambling minimum low, and the place is a nice respite from the hectic activities at other big hotels like Bellagio, Venetian, Caesar's....It's a place where you can go from your front door to your hotel room without going through a labyrinth of slot machines, tables and cigarrette smoke.
3	The word I would use to descibe this place is:  decent.  It's not going to knock your socks off but probably won't cause you to run out the front door screaming or anything.  The rooms were decent.  The food was decent.  The gambling was decent (for me at least but I'm not a gambler).  My room was right above the whole pirate ship thing out front though.  Not good.  Even when they aren't having the hourly or so show people like to congregate out in front to take pictures and I could hear the noise.
4	A.K.A. - T.I.At first, I was a little skeptical of staying at this hotel, but it was actually a really good experience.  Yes, when we walked into our room I was a little weirded out by the mirror wall, but it turned out to be in our best interest because we could all use it at the same time.  Four girls and one bathroom mirror would not have been a good situation!  I'm sure there are other creative uses you could put this to, but I'll leave that up to you. :)The rooms with two double beds were spacious and clean.  The beds were very comfortable.  The TV and tub are both big, though they aren't in the same room, duh, and there is a close up mirror in the bathroom.  The hotel is located on the far end of the strip, before you venture out into Old Las Vegas, but its still in a very good location to enjoy everything the strip has to offer.  You can walk to the Wynn, Mirage, Venetian, Ceasar's Palace, The Bellagio, Paris and Bally's, just to name a few.  The casino itself is pretty popular.  Their always seemed to be a good crowd enjoying themselves.  What else can I tell you?  There's a Starbucks in the lobby, away from the casino, bonus star for that.  And in the evenings there is a free show on the side of the hotel called The Sirens of T.I., or something like that.  I never actually caught the show, but from the previews they played on the T.I. jumbotron it looked like a bunch of scantily clad pirate wenches tossing their hair around - good times!  They dance around on a real, fake pirate ship!  I've heard that the pirate show used to be more of a pirate fight, a la Pirates of the Caribbean.  I'm sorry I missed out on the original.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect from T.I. considering the mixed reviews but I must say my husband and I were pleasantly surprised with our stay here this past weekend!  We have stayed at a number of the casinos on the strip over the years and I think T.I. offers a great value for the price and location.  The Wynn is literally steps away as is the Venetian, the Mirage and the Caesars Forum Shops.  The staff here are great- incredibly friendly and accommodating.  We had a clean, comfortable room on the 26th floor that had a glorious view right up the strip!   The casino itself isn't anything spectacular but it is fun, not too crowded and has a good variety of table games and machines.  Although,  I may be biased right now since we won $ our first night here and had so much fun at Mist (a bar in the casino).  Either way, I would definitely stay here again!
4	Our stay at TI started out bad as even though we booked over a month ago they said they only had smoking rooms. We don't smoke so we weren't too pleased with that but they said we would be first on their list to be moved tomorrow. We headed up to our room and found out that it only has 1 bed when we asked, and were told we were going to get 2 plus the room stunk. Well my husband went downstairs and we got moved to a 2 bedrom corner room which was great as it was right across from our friends. The room didn't smell like cigarettes so we decided to not move in the morning. TI front desk was cool and even left us a msg letting us know we could now move to another room if we wanted to. The beds were amazing and the pillows rocked. Good blow dryer not the usual peice of shit built in that eats half of your hair.  Tub was nice as well! As far as restaurants Kahunaville was great. The diner was good and the coffee shop was typical. I would stay here again as it's pretty nice and within walking distance from the Fashion Show mall which is a big plus!!!!
4	I'll be brief... the right price in the right locationPros: Front desk(Kevin is the man) "complimentary" upgrade from lower floor no view to 31st floor strip view....$20....$119/nightSmall is better....Venetian great but 1/2 mile from place to placePoker room...low key...funDealers...21, craps, poker...all friendly helpfulCanter's Deli...great and cheap(for a Vegas deli)Wet...the spa...see Juliette if you want beautiful feetCons: The Players Club...actually the slots club...table gamblers get the shaft....a PR hype...forget it...
4	I stayed here when I went to vegas this last weekend and I thought it was a nice hotel. It was not the fanciest hotel or newest hotel on the strip, but it was a good hotel. There were several restaurants there, and we ate at the coffee shop for breakfast which was pretty good.  The beds were very comfortable, and the view from our room was a really nice view of the strip.  I didn't really gamble at this specific hotel, so I can't comment on that part of the hotel. The location, though, was great, really close to the beautiful Wynn and right on the strip.  The sirens show was alright, it was pretty dumb, and who evers bright idea it was to have fire coming off close to people who were sitting in 100 plus degree weather, should get fired.  Lastly, the pool was a great place to cool off from the sun, but beware on the weekends it is super crowded, and when we were there it was very much like being in cancun on spring break.
4	I am giving TI four stars because I think it's a solid value for what it is.  The hotel is centrally located and the rooms are very nice for the price you pay.  Considering the neighboring hotels are Wynn, Venetian, and Caesars at more than twice the price, TI is a great place to stay if you aren't looking to hang out in the room all that much.  The beds are comfortable and rooms were relatively up to date.  The bathroom is very clean and spacious and made of marble.  However, the maid service could have been a lot more prompt.  I don't gamble so I can't comment on the casino itself.  There is a hot restaurant called Social Club located in the hotel along with a club called Tangerine.  TI only has one pool and it's smaller than most of the large hotels, but there are plenty of lounge chairs.  I saw a lot of families and middle-aged people.  The pool scene was trying to be in the hip side.  Overall, TI is a great value for those looking for a nice hotel room in the middle of things, but not 5 star luxury.
5	Hotel: I love staying at Treasure Island when I'm in Vegas! The rooms are also very nice. Beds were comfy, the bathroom was clean and spacious and the hotel room was very quiet. Also theres a free show in front of the hotel and Treasure Island guests get special VIP viewing. The casino is also nice and spacious not super crammed.Location: The hotel is located right next to Fashion Show Mall, theres a tram that takes you next door to the Mirage, and also its a short walk to the Wynn and Venetian across the street. Its not in the middle of the strip, but it is definitely centrally located to some of the best hotels in Vegas. Price: Not bad at all, I believe we paid around $129 for 3 weekday nights including a Friday. Service: Friendly, checking in there was a long line but checking out was no problem at all. The information desk is also helpful and was able to print out our boarding passes for us (there is a charge but it is super convenient).Atmosphere: Not a trashy or out dated hotel at all. I felt comfortable and safe here, no weirdos or troublemakers running around.
4	For the hotel room...The soap smelled yummyI took a long bubble bathMy bed was cozy
4	Nice hotel, but kinda blah. No qualities made it stand out to me, although the beds were very comfy. I didn't catch the 'Sirens of T.I." show, but I heard it was kinda lame. I have stayed at MGM Grand, and it was the same price, and I enjoyed that hotel much more. Oh, I did have a bad experience in the taxi line, which was ginormous at 12:00 in the morning..a guy in a taxi called my friends and I over and told us to get in. But the taxi wrangler that works for the hotel made us get out in front of everyone and chastised us. Kinda embarassing. Didn't hit up any of the clubs, but Tangerine looked kinda cheap and cheesy, like they just threw some tangerine cloth up and put on an orange light and named it. I think this hotel could really be awesome if they go for more of a Pirates of the caribbean aspect, that's what I was expecting, but there wasn't anything.
3	Sigh.  TI.  The location is great, hotel is average at best.  This really is a 2.5 but I'm feeling nice.We had requested adjoining rooms and at the time we made the reservation they said ok but then when we checked in it was a no.  The desk agent actually suggested that we could downgrade our room if we wanted to.  Downgrade?!  What hotel fails to uphold a request and then offers you a downgrade?  We decided to stick with the deluxe room, all of which are located on the "penthouse floor."   The rooms are no bigger in size, they just have vaulted ceilings and to be honest, I would have preferred the extra floor/room space.  The room we were in was on the backside of the building overlooking the highway, some adult stores, and the back of the Fashion Show Mall.   There was a freight train would pass through twice every morning along with periodic police sirens.  Stellar.   The room is basic.  There is no mini bar or any of those types of amenities.  One morning the handle of the faucet came off in my husband's hand.  The light in the closet never shut off because we could never get the doors to close completely.  However the bed was comfortable and that is very important in Vegas!As far as the rest of the hotel goes, its standard.  Coffee shop, buffet, lounge, nightclub.  None of these things are particularly remarkable.  It is small so its easy to navigate and the theme is well carried.  There was a variety of guests staying there that weekend from families to young partiers.   I couldn't take the easy listening music they were constantly piping through the place either.  Would I stay here again?  Probably not.
3	End of the Strip, great view of all the hotels if your room is in the right direction. Moderately priced and very comfortable. It's an older hotel but has seen a lot of renovation and remodeling. I've stayed here on two separate occasions in both the standard king room and the deluxe suite and enjoyed myself. I cant' say that TI is the best, but it is definitely a bargain.Sure it's not as opulent or decorative as the newer hotels towering over the Strip, but it's a novelty and a mainstay. I can't say much for the hotel except that I enjoy it and the rooms are spacious, the beds are comfortable, and it's a small enough hotel to get around. Cirque de Soleil's Mystere show has been here for almost a decade. Take a look. It's fairly cheap and a great show.
3	Yay: This is where my friends won the most money.  I think?Not so yay: You canceled the pirate show after I walked Four Long City Blocks to get to your damn hotel.Yay: The friendly staff member who informed us about your Player Club cards and actually explaining it to us.Not so yay: I accidentally clogged your toilet.  Sorry it flushed the first time I flushed it.I didn't stay at your hotel but from what I've heard it's a decent establishment.
4	I stayed here 5 years ago and was unimpressed. Since then, they did a major overhaul... retheming the hotel from pirates to sirens (think scantily clad sea hussies). The rooms were reasonably priced yet well designed, the staff responsive, and the "scene" at the hotel was hopping. I'd stay here again for sure!
4	So, well, I can't say I know anything about this place as I have only been there once, but... well, my wife and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon and someone recommended the Treasure Island Buffet. So we hit it up and were really surprised. We had heard that the Wynn was good and the Bellagio was good, but we had no idea the Treasure Island Buffet would be any good!They had a bunch of different styles around the edges, and from the prime rib to the deserts to the shrimp cocktail... it was all really pretty excellent. I think we even tried the wannabe sushi and were surprised that it wasn't as bad as we thought it would be. All in all, we left full and satisfied!Then we went gambling a little, had a few rum and cokes to get us in a piratey mood. Quite a few drinks later, we hit up the 25 cent slots... and I won like $350!!!!Since the machine was just going crazy, and so were my wife and I, a bunch of random dudes were looking over with jealousy in their eyes. One crazy old dude who looked quite like a retired pirate in rehab said, "How do I make my machine do that?"In the end, we enjoyed our visit and will be back for the buffet if nothing else. Arrrrrrrrrigato Treasure Island!
3	Yaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ass is gonna lose some ca$h at Treasure Island, matey.Mine did.  I read that the odds were better here than at other casinos and I would agree.  But I still lost. I... am a cooler.As far as accommodations go, 3 stars.  The closet light kep going on and I eventually wedged a shoe against the door to keep it closed.  The bedspread could have been cleaner, but the bed was soooo comfy.  No fan in the bathroom, but killa A/C and prompt room service 24/7.I didn't see the Sirens show or Mystere or anything by the pool, but enjoyed my stay.  Who really goes to Vegas to hide out in their room, anyway?
4	Yeah, have stayed at a ton of hotels in Vegas.. loved it...Their breakfast buffet was good too...Enjoyed my stay...recommend if you want a hotel in the 150-200 dollar range!
3	After staying at Bellagio, this really felt like a step back.  I found the casino to be OK, the rooms were furnished good, although you could see where they had begun to do upgrades, yet they had not made it impossible to tell.I found the buffet to be quite good for breakfast and lunch.  But I will say the casino floor has a smell that is not very pleasant and it seemed to be present on most of the casino floor.OK now for that sirens show.  I could not help but think I was watching a bad Britney Spears video.  Oh well and after several trips to Vegas, I have managed to spare my partner from seeing this spectacle.Overall, a good resort but there are so many more that are better.
1	My last bad Vegas experience was 7 years ago, I was hoping it wouldn't happen again. Last weekend, TI's computer system was down and all guests had to be checked in manually and the wait was way long. My friends and I reserved a Tower Suite and unfortunately we were given 2 adjoining rooms instead because of "over booking." Yes we've heard that before. For the rest of the weekend, hotel service was slow and unapologetic- including no housekeeping for one day. Trust me, we were being totally nice guys too. Maybe we weren't aggressive enough to get our suite?The only positives was TI's Poker Room and their Tangerine nightclub (it's nowhere near Pure, Tryst, or Tao, but it's kick-back and convenient).
4	Treasure Island is a nice hotel.  We spent two nights there this past weekend.The rooms are a good size with a flat panel television hidden in an armoire.  Desk space with plenty of chairs.  Nice sized bathtub/shower with plenty of hot water but a little low on water pressure.   No in-room fridge.  Bed was comfortable but not outstanding.  We had a corner room which gave us two sets of windows - which was very nice.The ice is free but the vending machine bottles of soda are $2.75.  They are $2.25 in the gift shop in the lobby.Ease of checking in:  4 starsEase of checking out:  5 starsCleanliness:  5 starsDownsides:  Internet access is : $12.99/24 hoursTelevision stations are limited in-room.We saw Mystere - great show.  Dinner at the Steakhouse - $300 for four people but the food was outstanding.It was just an average hotel room - but the centralness of the hotel to the other things on the strip as well as the restaurants and shows in the hotel make it  worthwhile to stay there.
3	Since I just got a Vegas ROTD and I'm going to be there in a couple weeks for the New Las Vegas Marathon I figured I should write a little something on my last stay at Treasure Island AKA T.I. for the on-a-budget hip.All in all T.I. is in a good location, if you're here for a convention, and your company didn't put you up in pseudo Italy, the Venetian convention center is just across the strip. Rooms are nice and the shower gel smells good and is a nice color. In fact, I have two of each sitting in a bathroom drawer right now.  I'm not very picky when it comes to Vegas hotels, but T.I. is definitely better than the Luxor.  Let me think what's better pirate theme or Egypt theme?What can I say about a hotel with a pirate theme?  Classy? Fantastic?  Fanciful? Scary?  Well, the truth is the only things piraty about T.I. are the skull plastic cups they sell at the hotel store and the ship outside with dancers doing hourly shows.  My complaint is, T.I. is not piraty enough. No skull lamps? No pirate sheets? All I have to say is this: T.I. you need to step up your pirate game, hire me as a consultant.I don't really know where I'm going with this.
3	I think this place is a 4 star hotel, but our room was definitely a 3 star room.  Our room wasn't ready when we checked in at 3:30pm on Saturday so they gave us a smoking room on the 35th floor at the end of the hall with a view of Fashion Show Mall's parking structure.  The hotel was relatively clean which makes up for the lack of service by the hotel staff.  The rates for this hotel is fair, but it lacks places to eat and shop.
4	it's all about the entertainment here.i was told not to have my son watch the show out front.  it got too adult.  boobies, hookers, debaucheryheh.  that has my son written all over it.he loved it.
4	This was one of the first hotels I've stayed at upon returning back to Las Vegas...  Of course I was of age to enjoy all that Las Vegas has to offer, meaning the GAMBLING.  I was pretty impressed with this hotel... But then again, I was pretty impressed with the CITY over all.  But for my first trip returning back to Las Vegas and old enough to appreciate it all, this hotel was a nice start.  Even today, it's still pretty decent.  I've haven't stayed here in a while, but the casino is still pretty good.  It's worth a try if it's worth your time.
4	Of course TI isn't all fancy and ritzy like other hotel/casinos on the strip, but for the price.. I'd say it's a pretty good deal.  I just came back from Vegas and I booked a package deal flight+hotel. I was kinda iffy about staying here because of the reviews, but I've stayed in worse places and I figured this place couldn't be that bad. And to my surprise... I was right! The room was cute, nice bedding, and the bathroom was clean.  I think the location is great. It was close by everything that I wanted to go to... and the parking in the parking garage was easy to get to. So, overall, I'd say this is a good choice if you don't care about luxury, but still wanna be comfortable.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at TI. The staff was extremely friendly! I had a really fun time in kahunaville (their bar) and recommend that Kahuna Mama drink!! The location isn't the best because its almost at the end of the strip, but in all reality it isn't bad.. it's just a little walk up towards Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio area. Plus.. you get to see some interesting things on your walk.. ;) If you are here to party instead of having the classy visit in a penthouse this is a pretty cool place. It has good views (if you get the right room) and you will run into some fun people. The pirate's/sirens show was out of commission when I was there--boo to that. They have a pretty cool casino and it's actually pretty big--I got lost getting back to my room. Yikes! (Maybe that was the alcohol.. ha)I stayed here while driving across the country with my friends & it was our best night across the states... so hopefully this is helpful! ENJOY SIN CITY!Don't forget that Vegas is for people who know how to party and fully enjoy it--don't be too picky, sober critics.
4	sure, the Sirens of Treasure Island sexy pirate show is cheesy, but it is entertaining and free.
1	Won't be going back here again.  I'm not terribly picky, but even I have to draw the line at finding chunks of shit in the toilet after checking in.  Not to mention pubic hairs in the sink, a bathroom floor stickier than fly paper and the toilet paper lying on the floor.  I mean, seriously.  Pretty much everything about this place sucked.  No wi-fi either, amazingly.  Umm, here's a tip, TI:  hire some staff that will at least flush the toilet between guests.  They don't even have to fold the TP into that little triangle thingie - I don't really care about that.  There are some other things I could bitch about, but it would pale in comparison to the above.  That is sufficient to me to not stay again.
4	I loved my stay at the Treasure Island.  Heck, with the mall next to TI, you basically do not have to leave the hotel.  TI has everything for you...restaurants, stores, bars, casinos, theatre (Mystere), Starbucks and many more.TI is somewhere in the middle of the Strip, so everything is within a reasonable distance.  (The last time I was at Vegas, I stayed at the Stratosphere, which was at the end of the Strip.)Anyways, had a great room on the 24th floor.  The bathroom was big.  My only complaints are that it was hot in the room even when the thermostat was on cool.  Also, the maids didn't restock sufficient supplies in the bathroom.   Also, TI doesn't offer free wi-fi.  You have to pay $13/day.  Other than that, I had a great time at TI with everything available.
2	I think this hotel is a good value. The rooms arent huge but they are comfortable. The suite is large (we were right under the "U") no bath really but it had a cool modern shower. Kahunaville has a fun tiki theme, and the food there is really delicious, including breakfast. This is the bar where you can find some okie from Meskokee just letting it all hang out.It isnt fancy but this means it isnt stuffy either.They loose stars for getting rid of the cool pirate skull theme sign.
3	Treasure Island, how I love and hate thee. Things that I love:*The amazing jet bathtubs in the suites. They easily fit two people.*Comfy beds*The pool cabanas*The free champagne we enjoyed because of one of the "Things that I despise" belowThings that I despise:*What is up with check-in and check out?!? We had to stand there for, get this, just shy of TWO HOURS for them to honor our reservations. Even dealing with the manager on duty was a complete waste of time. It was laughably funny how long we were there. But they gave each of us free champagne that we enjoyed in the bathtub later that night (woo-hoo!)*Then (thank god) we checked out through the tv right before the entire system went down. We went downstairs and the line was approximately 75 people long, just trying to check in. It was CHAOS.I just don't know if I can stay there again. The check in process put such a damper on the trip that I don't know if it's worth it. I really enjoyed Pho, the Vietnamese restaurant in the casino and the Isla Mexican Kitchen and Tequila Bar there (the nachos were amazing). I think for the price it may be worth staying there, but just pray your can check in and out with no hassles :)
4	I really enjoyed my time at T.I.  The bathroom in our room was massive, and luckily there was a hair dryer that wasn't awful because the one I packed wasn't working so well!  The beds were really comfortable and from the 24th floor we had a cool view of the Sirens show from our window!  Everything you could want in there; Starbucks, The Coffee Shop with good food, a big casino floor, Cirque show, and a tram that links you to the Mirage which inevitably links you to more of the strip!
2	overpriced perhaps.the lobby was smelly. the hallway was smelly.the only good thing about it was its location.the room wasnt too bad. but getting to your room itself - was gruesome. just keep holding your breath till you get to your room.
5	WONDERFUL HOTEL!! I go to Vegas every year and ALWAYS stay at TI. The rooms are great, the service is great, the cafe is WONDERFUL. It's a great experience. It is a bit pricey...but you get what you pay for. A few years ago we went to Vegas and took my grandmother. Unfortunatley she had a heart attack while we were there and we were stranded in Vegas for 2 weeks while she was recovering. TI worked around their sold out rooms to be able to let us stay there and they gave us discounts as well as free food vouters to use. They understood what had happened and really went above and beyond to help us out in a time of need. I would never stay anywhere else!!! I'll be there in May!!!EDIT TO ADD: I love the fact that once you check in you don't have a long walk to the rooms. Most of the other hotels in Vegas make you walk forever and through the whole casino just to get to the elevators. Not TI...just around the corner from check in past the Cafe.
3	Woot!  I saw Perez Hilton here.  hahahaRooms are good for the price you pay.  Location is key - right next to the Fashion Show Mall, next to Mirage, across from Venetian and Palazzo, and diagonal to the Wynn.  It was nice to stay on this side of the strip since last time I was at the Mandalay.The pai gow tables are cheap!  $10 minimum fits most gambling budgets.  Food is good.  The coffee shop wasn't shabby at all.  Don't expect any high-end shops here... go to Venetian or Wynn for designer brands... or go to Fashion Show Mall for more affordable things.  The service here needs a little work.  The bellboys at the hotel entrance need to stop giving awkward stares at clients who check in their bags at the front.  And a lot of them look pretty damn sleazy.  Also, to the lady who checked me, you were nice and pleasant.  Thank you.  But when I asked if my room was close to the elevator, you said it was in the middle of the hallway.  Well, guess what?  My room was second to last at the end.  No thank you for flat out lying.
5	TI was really great.  I think they are trying to revamp their image as more hip and cool for the twenty something crowd.  Good for us!  The rooms were clean, big, and nice.  Room service was fast and yummy.  Pool was kind of small, but pleasant.  Casino floor was nice, not too smoky.  Good restaurants (I love Social House!!), good service, good location, and most of all, affordable (~$130/night when we went).  Definitely come here!
4	Comfy BEDS! Oh my the beds here are great. The hotel is very affordable and clean. The location is great... everything is within walking distance. The buffet in the hotel is great! definatly worth your money!My only complaint was the stores inside the hotel... they suck. Go into any other hotel around there and they have such nice stores! What does this one have? A starbucks. Lame
4	I loved it! The rooms are kinda small, but they are very nice and clean.  The staff is awesome and the location is great.  Go during the week and you can get a great deal on the rooms. It's a nice hotel very close to all of the 5 star hotels.
3	TI is a great place to sleep and play $5 single deck blackjack.  Nice remodeled rooms and bathroom sundries.   One of the best values and location for the money on the Strip.  Did I mention I love the sundries?
4	TI is a good hotel with a great location.  If you have a small group and are looking for a cheap, yet nice place to stay that is in the middle of everything this is a good choice.  TI has been changing it's image from a family place to a hip hotel.  The things that they've added in the lobby have really seemed to attract a younger crowd.Tangerine is an "OK" place to go.  If you're looking to start the night out at a club, I'd say it's a good choice but I'd move onto something bigger to end at.  I've always found the people working the door at Tangerine to be less than friendly, and it's not even that great of a club.  Foodwise, Social House is a fun place to drop by if you want to see celebrities eating before they hit the clubs.  I haven't been to the Canter's there, but I have been to the original in LA and if it's the same then it's a good place to grab pastrami.Roomwise, the decor is kind of outdated.  I usually get the Tower Suite so I don't know about the rooms but the Suite has a his and hers bathroom which is great for getting ready to head out.  Theres a big King bed in the middle of the room, but other than that it's kind of empty.  They should throw in a few sofas or something.
4	Really nice hotel, nice room, comfy  bed, clean bathroom, small pool,great location. My husband and I stayed here for a 3 night stay. We arrived at noonish and our room was ready for us. We ate at the buffet once for breakfast, once for lunch, it was good and offered a lot of variety. My husband did the poker tournaments offered in their smoke free room and I was by the pool. It was hard getting a chair at 11AM when I went out and the pool is tiny compared to the size of the hotel, but still very nice. Easy to get a towel and the pool was super WARM.  Plenty of girls in bikinis that work there to get you drinks, just put the flag up on your chair. Private cabanas are offered if you want to pay.  You are right next to the mall, there is a little bridge to walk over and it's the fashion mall. It appears small but when inside, it's WORTH the trip. Wow, such great shopping and not really over priced.  Great food court there too, offering subway, wendy's, pizza, etc if you want a quick bite. Easy location fromthis hotel to walk to the Wynn for a drink, the Venetian across teh street and all the other shops, casinos, etc. You are right in the middle of it all, very easy to get a taxi also. $5 war, black jack and roulette which was nice, except on friday night, they upped the tables to $10 at least.  The sports book was nice to watch our Flyers beat the Canadians!!! Yeah, even though we were out numbered by Canadian fans, we won and had fun yellling too! Easy check out and fast ride back to the airport, I would stay here again for sure.
4	Check in and check out is always easy for me everytime I am there. It's kind of near the middle of the strip, it's affordable, and the rooms aren't that bad; especially when they remodeled to make it look more contemporary. The casino is small but doesn't get too over-crowded. Restaurant choices are ok but not the greatest but at least it's close to the bigger hotels that have better places to eat. I'd say that this hotel is a good in between the really nice hotels like the Bellagio and Venetian and really crappy ones like Circus Circus or Imperial Palace.
5	I've stayed at the T.I. a number of times in my life and, I must say, the place has taken a turn for the better.  The rooms are newly remodeled- complete with flat screen TVs and very sexy decor. The casino is moderate size and there are some really good restaurants to choose from- my favorite is Isla.The best part about my stay at the T.I. was the pool cabana that we rented. The price was really reasonable for an entire day and we got unlimited non-alcoholic drinks, a flat screen TV, our own cocktail waitress, and a great place to hang out by the pool. I definitely suggest that if you want to sit by the pool for a day in Vegas, a cabana is the way to go!
4	This place has changed so much over the years.  I remember during my first trip to Vegas, Treasure Island was just getting ready to open that October.  Wow.I loved the whole pirate theme it started with, which is now all but a memory.  Too bad.  Still, the rooms are nice and comfortable (newly remodeled).  Great restaurants.  The casino is not very big and tends to get a bit crowded, especially near the entrance closest to the viewing area for the free show outside.  And they keep moving my favorite slot machines!  Very frustrating.Fantastic house show, Mystere, from the wonderful creative team of Cirque du Soleil.  This is what started my love for all things Cirque.  Easy 'indoor' station for the tram ride to The Mirage.
5	Wow! I was not expecting Treasure Island to be this nice. It was quite affordable compared to other hotels on the strip so that and the location is why I chose to stay here on my recent trip to Vegas.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice my room was! There was a flat screen TV, Ipod player, and very very comfy beds.  The casino was also very good to me, so that's always a plus!!  The pool is a bit on the small side though, and the margaritas are STRONG (but taste nasty).  There is a decent selection of restaurants in here as well.  However I made the mistake of buying a bottle of vodka in the gift shop and they triple charged me what it would normally retail for (but that's no suprise, really) I think I have found my hotel to stay in every time I come to Vegas!
4	I'm only reviewing the card tables because I didn't stay at TI or get a chance to experience anything else except for the tables at TI.  This was my favorite place to play cards in this end of the strip.  I was staying in the Venetian, and after a day of not having much luck or fun with the Venetian's tables, my sister and I headed across the street to Treasure Island.  The gambling atmosphere is totally different at TI than at other casinos.  Maybe it was just that day, but everyone seemed to be having fun!  There was a crowd cheering at the roulette table and the pai gow tables wasn't dead and quiet like at other casinos.  The cocktail waitresses are fast and came around a bunch of times.  The pit bosses are also really friendly as well as the dealers.  They came around and talked to us and joked around.  Compared to a few of the other casinos (where people are so serious and quiet) TI had more of a fun and easy going atmosphere in terms of gambling!
2	Okay, maybe I'm an overly nostalgic guy....but I miss "Treasure Island".  That place was great!  "TI"....."T...I...?"  What's that?  Some 80's detective?  Unfortunately "Treasure Island" became another MGM-Mirage casualty when it became "T.I.", in the "let's become uber hip & trendy" era of Vegas.  I can't really say as I blame the business plan of MGM-Mirage.  The fact is, you put a few upgrades, market it as a "chic" establishment, then triple your room rates and food, quadruple your drinks and add an "ultra lounge" and you're making bank off of morons who try to see who can out impress each other.  I for one miss the old pirate show, the pirate theme, and yes even the skull and cross and bones sign that adorned the strip for a decade.  Like I said, I may be overly nostalgic...but really...does EVERY hotel in Vegas have to go this direction?  Maybe if they opened up a pirate themed micro-brewery, I'd change my mind and give the place four or five stars!
3	Treasure Island is a great choice if you:a) Don't wanna throw down a lot of money for a hotel but you,...b) Don't wanna stay in a trashy, smoke-y hotel with 90-year old retired Floridians or recently married 20-year olds, and you,...c) Wanna be "where the action is" on the Vegas strip, not somewhere in the boonies.Following Puff Daddy's and Prince's lead, the hotel formerly known as "Treasure Island" is now "T.I.".  They recently remodeled some of the lower floors so the rooms are more modern, clean and classy.  T.I. only gets 3 stars from me because three aren't any good restaurants at T.I., and there isn't even a concierge.  BUT, T.I. is relatively inexpensive and the location is EXCELLENT - it's literally only a 3-5 minute walk to The Wynn, The Venetian and also the Fashion Show Mall.  Perfecto.Would I stay here again?  Definitely.
4	I usually stay at the Mandalay Bay or The Hotel.  This trip, though, I had dropped a lot on tickets to see Cher, PLUS, I knew I was going to want to drop some money at the Cher store after the show (don't judge).  So, I looked for less expensive accomodations.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice TI was, for the money.  The location is great, the bed was super comfy, and the room was very clean.  The casino was alright, but, I had a hell of a time getting a drink.  The cocktail waitresses were never around, and when I would practically tackle one to get a drink, they would say, "This isn't my area" or "I will come back" or some excuse that never resulted in a drink.  I would stay at TI again, for sure.
4	This was my first time staying at Treasure Island and over all it was pretty decent.Reasons to stay here,-It is cheap only $250 for 2 nights, in Vegas that is a steal!-they have ihome's in the room so you can play your ipod-The beds are amazing!  So comfortable it was hard to get up in the morning and not want to take a nap every time we came back to the room.  If you stay here for no other reason, stay here for the beds.-The rooms have floor to ceiling windows and we had a really good view overlooking the mirage and the Sirens show they do outside.-It is really easy to get to the elevator inside the hotel.  I hate some of the bigger hotels were it is a hike once you get into your hotel to get to the elevator.  But not here, they are very conveniently located near the hotel entrance.
4	Just like other Yelpers, I miss when this place was Treasure Island and had the whole pirate theme. The last time I was out here in Vegas a few years back, I was really surprised that they did their makeover and was a bit disappointed. So this Vegas trip...our mini-suite was comped. It was a very nice and modern room. Flat screen tv mounted to the wall with swivel and a full floor to ceiling window with a great view of the strip. Two bathrooms- one with shower, one with a jacuzzi. Two queen sized beds and a nice sitting area with couch and coffee table. Like other Yelpers, I'd have to say that their beds and pillows were pretty darn comfy! I was genuinely surprised at how well I slept and how damn comfortable I was!!! Should Vegas call me name in the future, I'd definitely plan on staying at TI again!
5	To my delight, the rooms here are very nice!! Modernly furnished and decorated, the bathroom was a nice size, comfy big bed, flat screen. I can tell they're trying to re-do themselves with the name change and the rooms, but they should re-do the outside of the place too. The pool area is pretty nice, and the casino has some of my favorite slots. I used the radio in the room to play my ipod while I was getting ready at night too :) Only complaint is that there is no food court, and the coffee shop near the lobby takes forever and a half to bring you your food when you're eating there late at night. Location of the hotel is nice cuz it's close to Caesar's and across from the Venetian and the Wynn.
5	Holy Crap. TI is not the pirate show, gimmicky Treasure Island I had remembered as a kid.The rooms were dirt cheap, it must've been some crazy blowout promotional rate. $109 per night for Friday and Saturday, which is impressive beyond comprehension. These days, $109 will land you a room in a classy joint next to the roaches at Days Inn or Imperial Palace. Actually, I take that back. The current price at Imperial Palace is about $149. For reasons unknown since we were practically staying there for free, we were upgraded to a newly renovated Tower Room that was just WOW. Immaculate, spacious, luxurious. The bathroom was outfitted in marble and the bed had the comfiest pillows and sheets that made me want to smuggle them home hidden in my suitcase. The alarm clock even has an Ipod dock.Around noon, a DJ spins at the pool with great hip hop/top40 club stuff. Not a kid with floaties splashing water in sight. Heaven!!
4	Room was nonrefundable, and affordable. Upon check-in, only non smoking floor was on top floor, corner view. Had windows on two walls, with view of the strip. Pleasantly appointed, rate was $119 for Sun-Tue. The front desk is still really dated, probably the hideous red jackets they were. Guess traveling each week it jumped out to me. Wow has the TI show changed. Was a bit to cheesy for me.
2	Treasure Island in my opinion, is one step above from Paris.  This place has alot more sad people who lost all their money.  When i play roulette here, i hear behind me "dude you have to play $15 each time? thats too much!"  I turn around to see who it was and I'm not surprised.  Anyways, this place is a joke.  The only time I come here is to eat at Social House, which is great food!!!  Too bad its at a place like TI.  They have the shuffle monster for all the bj tables outside, and single deck which is 5-6 payout, youre get ripped off idiots!  They need a bigger high limit room.  One unisex bathroom?? Give me a break!
4	This is my second time staying here. Usually stay @ likes of Venetian or Mirage. But figure this place I'd give a try. Was pleaseantly surprised of some of the changes they made to the hotel. At least I dont remember it that way. Looked like they did some renovations to the inside. they basically renamed the place  to "T.I" too. Will never the posh hotel like Venetian is, but very good rates despite it being in the middle of the action on the strip. oh, and there's gambling there too (hahaha, I'm being sarcastic). I felt there were not enough table games though there. Blackjack tables had mix of shoots and single decks. Poker room was small but very beatable players. Nice profit there. Service was good and Mystere (Cirque show) was very good. I think I saw the "amazing Yan" there.... "we found a grease man!". (for those who can't remember, it's a line from Ocean's 11).  :-)KngKonga's take home advice: -- See Mystere
5	A satisfying experience for me when i visited TI. Reserving a room online was simple. They didn't have a non-smoking room, which was an online request, when i checked in but it was not a big deal for me. getting in and out was a cinch. I mostly gambled at The Venetian, which was right across the street so the hotel's location is a big plus.I can't say much else because i didnt play the table games at TI nor did i eat at their restaurants. Overall, I didnt have any problems during my stay. For the price, i wouldn't mind staying there again.On a side note, when i got to my room the first night, i saw these 2 dudes across the hall face-to-face with each other and about to exchange fists. I'd find out later that one of them was apparently at the other man's hotel room waiting to "meet" with that man's wife...It sounds serious but it's actually hilarious if you saw it through my eyes =P
4	I paid $330 for Friday-Sunday for a weekend with my girlfriend. It was more money than I'd prefer, but I didn't have much to complain about once I got there.The location is pretty good. An indoor walkway leads you to shopping (Fashion Show Mall), to the latest & greatest (Wynn) and to the fun (Venetian).The cigarette smell is stronger than at some of the newer hotels, but it only lingers in the casino. It never followed me onto the guest floors or my room.The room felt comfortable, with the soft bed that everyone is screaming about on Yelp. The furniture was convenient, too, despite the fact that some surfaces (cups, walls, shower wall) were not cleaned as well as I'd like.The food options are pretty decent. Nothing to write home about, but it's tasty and isn't too overpriced. The staff was very nice (at restaurants) and housekeeping is pretty prompt & helpful.I enjoyed our stay here primarily due to the location. A comfortable place to rest was all I really wanted, with as few surprises as possible. To me, that was worth the premium in price.My only complaint is the long check-in line that I dealt with on Friday afternoon. The hotel should be better prepared to handle the influx of guests or shorten the check-in process so that the line moves faster.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
4	T.I. rocks!!!This was my first trip to Vegas, and I was thrilled with my decision to stay at T.I.  Why are the rates so low?!  Our room was gorgeous and T.I. is in an ideal location!!  It's a quick walk to the Wynn, the Palazzo, the Venetian or the Mirage, and Caesars is within a 10-minute walk.The room?  Beautiful.The beds?  AMAZINGLY comfortable.The staff?  Kind, helpful and professional.The crowd?  Young and fun.  (More kids than I would like, but I hear that's the case in most hotels.)The buffet?  FANTASTIC!!!The location?  UNBEATABLE.I also slipped the check-in clerk a $20 bill, and she got us a room on the 28th floor with a view of the pirate show (which is cheesetastic but worth seeing once and laughing at it).The only reason why I give it 4 and not 5 stars is that there is no reason to visit T.I. if you're not a guest there -- Cirque du Soleil's Mystere (which I did not see) is the only attraction.  However, with last night's opening of Christian Audigier The Nightclub, that could change soon.Bottom line, if you're looking for something not as expensive as Caesars or the Bellagio, GO TO T.I.!  I was VERY happy with my experience.
3	There's not anything especially spectacular about this place, but it's must nicer than I thought it would be.  The rooms were renovated recently and the upgrades are apparent.  Very large wooden console built-in to the wall with a desk, drawers, and a flat screen television. In my room on the 18th floor I had a view of the Strip and of the twice daily Sirens show out front (the fireworks were impressive, but sometimes they got a little annoying).The casino is very large with tables and slots of every denomination.  I was up quite a bit a few times here (in contrast to not making any money at other casinos) and my Player's Club account is full, so I hope that they'll send more room comps my way.As with everything it seems like the small things are always what create the tipping point.  For example, they take pride in being able to provide personal items to guests when needed.  Well, I needed some shaving cream because the TSA threw mine away.  I got two razors instead and when I inquired they said they didn't shaving cream.  Hmm...There weren't many places to eat late at night, which struck me as odd considering that I did most of my gambling after midnight and/or just before dawn.  I received comp for the $22 dinner buffet, so I checked it out.  After waiting outside for 10 minutes at 9:00 p.m., I was lead through a dining room that had tables covered in dishes that hadn't  been cleared.  I apparently waited because no one could pick up some plates.  Again, it's the small things.Great location on the Strip and the rates are pretty reasonable for everything that they have available.  I don't think I'll be back unless it's free, but if you do pay the bed will be what makes it worth your money... Amazingly soft and comfortable!Oh - and the pool wasn't anything special.  Service was quick, but the chairs are old and the pool is pretty small.  I got a little annoyed whenever the speakers would crackle almost like static on an old FM radio.  It's 2008 and you can buy satellite radio and outdoor speakers. :)
1	This was an awful fucking experience. I came here from the Rainbow Gathering in Wyoming at the insistence of my boyfriend who had been to Vegas once before. Our room was definitely nicer than we expected for only $79, with a comfy bed, large bathtub and a chaise lounge. However, the television remote barely worked from the bed unless you angled it just right, and a few hours after we arrived, the cleaning staff attempted to walk in! Luckily, I had bolted the door.The pool was a joke. It was 4 feet at it's deepest point, the "hot tub" was more like a lukewarm tub, and it all closed down early in the evening. So, why are there lights in the pool?I was treated rudely by almost everyone I encountered, and was yelled at twice for not wearing shoes, once because I was eating in their overpriced buffet with my feet tucked under me on the chair and my shoes on the floor below. The only time I was treated well was if I was gambling or drinking.Oh, and did I mention that the entire building is just a confusing mess, with a lack of adequate signage? If you want to lose your soul and all of your money, head to Vegas. Otherwise, stay home and do headstands. You'll have a better time.
4	Stayed here from June 29th to July 4th. Since Im a minor, I will try to review this as best as possible. A taxi from the airport to treasure island should cost around 15 dollars. So if its more, you got ripped. If less, lucky you. Treasure Islands check in time is 3:00 pm. We got their at around 7:00 am. Wow. The bell hop man told us their is rooms available at around 11:00. And we waited 3 hours and walked around. Finally, we checked in. We had a really nice room, with a strip/pool/the rio/and mountain view. It was beautiful at night. The room was a strip view room with two queen beds. The tv is nice size, but it stinks because their is not a variety of channels. The beds are pretty comfortable, especially the pillows. Soft as a cloud. Some people might think they are overrated though. Their pool had a nice vibe to it. Very nicely decorate. I didnt bother going though because in two weeks, next sunday, im going to grand mayan in puerto vallarta. The restaurants are pretty good. I will review those seperately. I helped my dad choose this place because of mainly three things:1. Next to fashion show mall2. Center strip location3.Ammenities for the priceThis is a good place, i saw alot mor kids here then i expected. Oh ya. For all the dudes, skip this place for poker. Small room. But craps is good. Enjoy your stay!
4	TI is the perfect mix of sluttiness, college age kids, and upper class decor. I've been to Vegas 5 times now, (twice for New Year's) and everytime I have stayed here I have been more than happy. First the TI is in a great location. If you're a club type person, Tao, Jet, Pure, and Tryst are all within walking range. Also TI is extremely cheap compared to the other hotels, often as much as $100 per night. The rooms in TI are big and very roomy and the few times we got room service while getting ready and coming home hammered proved to be worth every cent. The restaurants are also top of the line in this hotel. The buffet has the most amazing cobb salad, and is a must no matter how much other food you've stuffed down your face.  Also Social House the japanese restaurant in the hotel, is a phenomenal restaurant, and a more detailed review of it can be found listed under the restaurant. If you're going to Vegas with college aged friends, or young professionals stay here, its like Spring Break for adults, and you'll be glad you never really grew up.
5	My girls and I just stayed in their petite suit this past weekend.  Let me tell you, five days in SinCity is a little much.The room was smaller than we expected, nonetheless it was still nice.  Let me tell you, their king size bed is to die for!!  I could probably stay in that bed forever!!!  Our sofa was a pullout queen sized bed.  We also had two seperate bathrooms both had the toilet, closet, and counter.  The only difference was one was a whirlpool tub and the other a shower.  The room was good enough for seven girls.  =) The hottub was amazing as was the room.  Hotel was pretty nice.  We actually had housekeeping call us to ask us what time we wanted them to come by.  That was nice.  We always called for towels, and they were always accomodating.  The staff were all friendly.  The dealers were nice, they were patient as they helped some of my girls play Pai Gow..in the process teaching me to play as well.  The resturants were pretty good, if I do say so myself.  I love the Kahuanaville (or however you spell it).  Vegas treats its ladies right.  We never had problems getting in the clubs, let alone get it for free. =)  ahhh..vegas how I love thee...GO HERE WITH A BUNCH OF GIRLS!!!!  the only downer was that the one time we went to the pool there was a BIOhazard...whatever that entailed...
3	The pictures of the room lures  you to stay at their hotel.. It looks big and clean and attractive... you get there, the beds are soooo small... not really as "comfy" as they said it would be. But I guess the crowd was great... maybe ill be back.
3	We were lured by the cheap prices. $300 dollars for a 950 sq. ft. suite. The suite looked really nice online. Very modern but maybe somewhat cheesy. We were deciding between the Wynn and TI. We knew the hotel itself at TI would not be great, but we felt like we wouldn't be spending much time there anyway. The location was good so we went for it.When we checked in at around 9:30 pm. The first thing I noticed was that the carpet in the check in area was kind of dingy, but I didn't expect anything spectacular. When we checked in they informed us that our room had been downgraded from the Tower Suite to the Executive Suite. We said we had not requested the downgrade nor had we been informed of it. They got the manager. He said that the person in the Tower Suite that we were supposed to get had not checked out yet, so they had to downgrade us to the only other available suite. they automatically reduced our rate by $40 per night. We asked if we could be upgraded instead of downgraded, but they said they didn't have any  nicer suites available. In the end, they agreed to take an additional $20 each night. They forgot to take the additional $20 off for the second night, but that is a different story.After all that annoyance, we got to our room and the room was just fine. It was basically the same as the Tower Suite, but just a little smaller. It was perfectly fine and a steal at $240 per night.I am glad we stayed there this time because the low price offset our blackjack losses. But... I wouldn't stay there again.
4	Nice prices on the rooms.  TI isn't so huge that I get lost, so that's good.  I'd definitely go here again.
5	My problem with Las Vegas hotels: I get lost. They're freaking huge! TI is small enough that you're able to find your elevator, but big enough that there are plenty of bars and casino space.We stayed on the 4th floor and the beds were so comfortable. SO comfortable! The room was well decorated (HDTV if that matters to you), and came with plenty of WET (the salon at TI) shampoo, conditioner, and soap (which we took a lot of - smells so good). The toiletries are a huge concern for me since the airline ban on liquids, so it's just a huge plus for them to be nice. I would stay here again. It's ideal for a young couple who can't afford the Venetian. Also could be good for a girls only trip.
4	I remember staying at the Treasure Island (before they are known as the hip T.I.) several years back. This was when I was still in college, and our frat planned out a vegas trip. We had 4 dudes, and 2 sharing a queen sized bed. The rooms were not very spacious, and I barely had any room to move around when I was sleeping. We probably should've gotten 2 seperate rooms, but we were trying to save a buck. The bathrooms were huge, and they had a TV setup. The view onto the strip had to be the best part. I have to admit, they do make their rooms frat guy proof. One of my friends got wasted and wanted to toss a tall glass vase down the stairwell. But it turns out they were super glued to the cabinet. His plans were foiled probably for a good reason. The casino hall way had a lot of cute girl traffic on a regular basis. Also during the evenings they had an awesome pirate show. I saw it once, and had to see it again after I got hammered. This is a good place to stay if you have some roommates, otherwise expect to pay 4 star resort prices.
4	I had no complaints about the hotel.  Well, maybe one. The sheets didn't go all the way to the end of the bed! So my piggies were touching some sort of blanketey thing. Scratchy.Oh, and the desk clerk seemed like she couldn't comprehend why a young married couple who had managed to sneak away from their two children for a quick weekend wanted ONE king bed and not TWO queen beds.  Do we look like we need separate accomodations? Oh well, one for shagging, one for sleeping. And when a person makes a reservation for a King bed, a hotel should not give them the reservation unless there is a King bed to give.  Overall, decent hotel, I would certainly go back.  The tram to the Mirage was cool, saved a hot walk outside.
2	Just stopping by to review the super cheesey Sirens Pirate show at TI. It was silly, cheesey as previously stated, and weak. I mean, for a free show it was ok. I just wish we hadnt wasted good camcorder tape on it. Lol. The dialouge is awful about the sirens not wanting the pirates to steal their closet space and stuff... Didnt vibe with my feminist ideals, but once again, it was free. Fun show if youre right there in the area to watch it. I wouldnt schedule your whole night around it though.
4	I thought the price of 109.00 a night for a Thursday and Friday night in Vegas was an exceptional value for the quality of the room and the location of the hotel on the strip.  A lot of the reviews that give TI low marks are based on a critique of the free street viewable Pirate show which is not really something that is important to me when selecting or reviewing a hotel (unless of course you count the uber-fabulous Bellogio Water Show and then maybe it is worth considering as an added value.)Room rates fluctuate greatly in Vegas and I wanted to stay at Planet Holly wood but the rate of 297.00 for Friday night was a little ridiculous since I had paid as low as 89.00 a night before there.  So I tried TI.  I am glad I did.  It is a great location.  The newly refurbished compact room on the 19th floor was clean and well appointed.  The one experience I had on the phone with the front desk was of high quality.So if you are looking for a reasonable, well located, clean place to stay.  TI fits the bill.The age seems a lot younger here than Planet Hollywood which can be good or bad depending on what you are looking for.  I found the median age to be around 26 at the pool which had a kind of better landscaped frat-house vibe.  Much smaller than the pool area at PH, but kind of more interesting for people watching since you must stay close to others because of the size..  I can see the pool area getting kind of rowdy, but that isn't necessarily bad.. It's all about what you are looking for.  I still like Planet Hollywood better but this is definitely a lower priced alternative that i will keep on my lists of places to stay in Vegas.
4	TI is in a great location and is affordable, which makes this a pretty good hotel choice in Vegas.ProsClose to other good hotelsUpdated roomsDecent food selectionNot overly crowdedNice bedsValet is quickConsSuper long check in line. (They only had 4 people working the desk WTF)The pool is weakI will be back, this is my new hotel of choice when in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I visited vegas and stayed at TI not knowing what to expect but we were so stoked that we chose this hotel. The rooms are fabulous. We just got a standard room with a king size bed and I think we paid around 100 bucks a night. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever! Everything about it was amazing. The room was really cool and modern. Everything looked clean and fresh and it had a very comfterbal feel to it. We had a great view of the pool. I was hoping for a jacuzzi tub but the tub was nice and big and you could probably fit a couple in it if u wanted :o) The bathroom is really nice and big too. They have a salon and day spa located in the hotel called WET and all of their soaps and shampoos and stuff are from the spa which is nice if you forget any of those. It seems as though they are trying to bring in a younger crowd by remodeling everyting to a more modern look. The casino was fun, we didnt win any money but it was nice and big. Everything about the hotel was amazing and I would definetly reccommend it to anyone going to vegas that wants a beautiful hotel room for less.They also have a really good buffet that we ate at a couple of times. The people who work there are all really helpful and we only waited like 5 minutes to check in. Their pool is really nice and secluded with beautiful trees all around it. The location of the hotel is ideal. Its right smack in the middle of the strip. They also have some good deals if you stay there on their shows and restaurants and stuff.
4	While it's not a luxury-luxury hotel in Vegas, it's still pretty damn good! It has a super prime location amongst all the hotels that matter and have the hottest night clubs - and it's next to Fashion Show Mall! Seriously! Treasure Island is not gonna break your bank (unless you blew your bank away gambling). The staff is super courteous... Tangerine (their night club) is small, but exclusive and a lot of fun (the patio part is gorgeous).. and there is also the nightly "Singing Sirens" shows - and if you get a room looking out to the front, you won't even have to go downstairs in the huge crowd to enjoy the show!
4	Great hotel for those who can't afford the higher end ones. The whole hotel must have had a recent renovation, because it's very modern despite its age.  Prices are good, and location is GREAT!!  its across the street from the Venetian and Palazzo. Next door to the Mirage. And very close to the Wynn The pool is a tad small for a Las Vegas pool) but gets the job done.Please take my rating into consideration: Compared to all Vegas hotels, this would probably deserve 3 stars I'm guessing, but since I've never stayed at top-notch hotels, I am going to give this 4 stars.Btw, their shows "sirens of TI" is very lame! But don't take my word for it, you'll have a good laugh at least!
2	This is billed as a 4-star hotel, but my experience here (in Spring of 2008) was more like 2 - and that 2nd star is pretty much for the bed. First off: I long for the Treasure Island of my youth. With a good old-fashioned pirate show - that means shit blowing up, and non-6 packed Pirates saying ARRR and being menacing, not the Showgirls-esque, Fabio sirens and pirates of today with the big dance number and cheesy ass romance plot-line. But, I digress. T.I., as it is now known, is definitely not a place I would ever stay again. For roughly $180 a night, I was expecting a lot more than we got. True, the rooms were nice. Bed was comfy, etc. But the first night there (after a horrific drunken Flair Bartender contest at Kahunaville), we were awoken at 9am Expedia Commercial style by jackhammering. Yes, a JACKHAMMER. At 9am, with raging hangovers. How is this possible, you ask? Well, when I called down to the front desk, I learned they were doing CONSTRUCTION ON THE FLOOR BELOW US. Here is the conversation I had with the front desk: me: Hi...um. We were woken up by a loud noise that sounds like a jackhammer, and it's still going on. desk: Oh...yeah. It looks like we're doing construction on the floor below you. Do you want to move?me: .... (thinking: do I WANT? to? move?) Well YES. We would like to move, since it's so loud.desk: Okay. Well. Hmm. We could send someone up to get your things, but we're busy and I have no idea how long it would take. Can you just come down with your luggage and we'll get you another room?me: ... Yeah, whatever. So after that, we went down to the front desk to even more horrible customer service (also while packing up my stuff, I noticed that the last person's dirty socks were under the bed). No sorry! None! NO SORRY, whatsoever. Just an annoyed sigh, and head nod, some bitchiness, and a new room key. I was so pissed I was afraid of what I might say, so I gave myself some time to cool down. In the meantime, my mom decided to ask for a manager, who said "Whoops! Sorry about that. Yeah...that's a problem". That is it. That's all he said! Now look, I was not expecting a huge discount or even drink comps, but how about a little compassion and some admittance that perhaps you screwed up by booking people into rooms above a floor with jackhammers??? Add in the worst buffet food I've ever had (at $18 a pop) AND the fact that the pool closes at 6:30 on a Saturday night, and I'm out, T.I. Keep your damn scantily clad sirens away from me... (as a side note, this dude at the pool early Sunday morn told us he LOVED T.I. but he was staying in a suite and obv. had some major cashola. I suspect they only treat their big spenders well here).
4	I was pleasantly surprised! I wasn't too psyched on staying at Treasure Island--not for any particular reason, I just hadn't heard anything positive or negative about it before.The room was decorated in dark contemporary furniture with soffttt duvet covers/sheets/pillows. The towels were big and fluffy. There was even an alarm clock with a built-in iPod dock! I was even MORE excited that I had just bought a new iPod Nano two days before my Vegas trip! Large bathrooms, only one sink, the shower was nothing to brag about. Oh and the WET Salon products smelled gross. I can't recall what the scent reminded me of...Like Fruity Pebbles or something. I was very pleased with the tram that connects TI to Mirage, being that we had tickets to see LOVE and also planned on going to JET later. I think the tram service stops at 3am, luckily we had one too many drinks and were comfortable enough to just walk from Mirage to TI at 3:30am.The pool was eh. If I'm looking for a (pool) party on Saturday in Vegas, I wouldn't come to TI. I don't think anyone comes to TI expecting that anyway.Since my next Vegas trip will involve seeing LOVE again, I'll stay at TI or Mirage, whichever is cheaper because I like both!
4	T.I. err I mean Treasure Island never fails me.  I love this hotel and I usually stay here 60% of the time.  Yes, not only do I eat out every single meal every single day, I also do a Vegas run about 7 -9 times per year.  The Resort itself has been updated:Rooms - awesome, the Bed is the most comfortable bed in Vegas. They even upgraded the update lately with new bed sheets and color scheme.Service - The check-in line can be problematic meaning long and very long.  However, very friendly.  Food - The buffet is decent, I only recommend breakfast or lunch, not dinner.  I am not sure why they insist on serving preset Sushi on a plate every singe time.  That means you can't get  just Salmon or Tuna, you have to get both since they are on the same plate.  The pasta station is good and the desserts are excellent.  The cool place is Canter's, we have one in L.A. and it is almost as good.  I love that place, only wished it was open later; like real late.Location - This is the reason why I stay here. It is next to the Fashion Show Mall, near the Wynn and Palazzo and next to the Mirage.  We can shop at the Fashion Show, cross the street to Wynn, Palazzo, and Venetian.  Or we can cruise next door to Mirage.  It is located near all the hot clubs in Vegas; Jet, Tryst, Christian Audgier, and many cool lounges. I always enjoy this hotel, but I am over the Pirate Show, it is boring and is a giant tourist trap.  The guys are yoked and girls are hot.  Recommendation, best spot is watch it from the Christian Audgier club.
3	It is a good option when staying on the Strip.While it lacks the 5 star quality of the nearby Venetian and Bellagio, TI does offer cheap room rates, comfy beds, big rooms and a great casino floor.I had a view of the volcano, and it was cool at first, but then every 20 minutes having an explosion outside my window became annoying. Luckily they have great black out blinds. I enjoy these since most of my Vegas mornings need to be in pitch black, since my head, eyes and stomach hurt from the night before.
4	Pretty well decorated rooms with some very comfy beds.  Not the biggest but they were definitely on the cleaner side for hotels in this class.  The windows are terribly small but the view is great if you're facing the strip.  You can see the fireworks from the TI Sirens show right in front of your eyes as long as you don't mind the loud explosions and bright nights.  The casino is spacious and clean with a minimal amount of smoke in the air.  Oh yeah, the show is pretty cheesy but the pyrotechnics are great.
4	A decent choice for staying on the strip for a reasonable price.  Not one of the newest hotels, but a spacious and comfortable home base for exploring the strip-scene and taking it all in.  I stayed in one of the Suites on the thirtieth floor, which was equipped with a hot-tub, two bathrooms, and a huge bedroom area.  I was happy.One thing that was kind of a drag was that the casino floor was packed all the time with people cranking cigarettes.  Hey, its Vegas but it still turned me off having to walk through it all the time. To be fair, most if not all of the casinos are like this.  On the last day of my stay, the group I was with rented a poolside cabana which was great.  They bring your food and drinks right to the little hut, and attentively come by every half-hour or so to check-in on the group.  Definitely worth the dough if you are into poolside hanging out.  Highly recommended.
4	My first trip to Vegas landed 4 semi broke college students to the Sahara.  Not so fun.This time around I made reservations for my 25th birthday at Treasure Island, or now known as TI. Let me break down as much as I can remember.Overall atmosphere:Great layout with alot of traffic because of the Cirque de Soleil show and other stuff going on here. TI did a great job reeling in the 21-35 guests with the renovation.Rooms:The only downside was our room was on the very far end of the hallway but the rooms were very nice with a great view of the Sirens of TI show / strip. You cant beat the flat panel TV for your television viewing needs. If you have an IPOD you can dock your music device here! Score! Newly remodeled rooms make you wonder how it looked before?Casino:I played alot of blackjack here but they had $5 tables early in the morning but slowly moved to $25 min tables as the evening progressed. Their poker room is a bit confusing because of the size and waitlist setup. I never had a chance to bluff  :)Buffet:This place reminded me of an Asian themed buffet, maybe because of the atmosphere. We ate at this place twice. Once for lunch and once for dinner. They have a pasta station, salad station with people making salads for you, BBQ (ribs, brisket, pulled pork), Asian station, Sushi, and a pretty nice selection of desserts. I love eclairs. They had Kalbi steak and pre cut snow crab legs. For $26 the crab legs better be sliced in half!Customer Service:This is always a big thing for return business and TI did a great job with it. Short lines checking in and out. During check in the check in lady told me my card would be charged the room rates again even though it was all paid upfront. She had to call a supervisor by and squared things away.Location:Location, Location, Location is what its all about now in Vegas. Why stay at the Palms when you only have the Rio next to you. Its all about staying in the middle of the strip. People watching at its best. Across the street from the Venitian and down the street from the Wynn and The Mirage. The only downside is the monorail doesnt stop at TI, you have to go to Imperial Palace and walk through to the monorail. Room rates were affordable, I will definitly stay here next time in March!Beware of the pyrotechnics at 700,830,1030,1130 because of the Sirens at TI water show. The last thing you want to do is relax in your room for a bit and have huge explosions. Only at TI.
3	They have a good progressive VP going at the center bar.  Nice place to play!  The bartenders are great, they'll even chase away the cougar down the way that relentlessly hits on your husband, but I digress....Aside from the progressive VP, they have $5 BJ in the morning, love that!
3	Stayed here 11/15-11/17 and I wouldn't mind coming back. Paid a little over $300 for two nights, not too shabby, probably because it wasn't Comedy Festival time. The location is great which was very important to my club hoppin, heel wearin self. Like the other Yelpers mentioned, the bed was very soft, as if I were trapped inside a marshmallow. Decent eating options, still didn't get to try the Pho place but tried Kahunaville. The only thing I have to complain about are the surly workers but I don't blame them.
3	I've never stayed here until my recent visit to Vegas.  Since their website showed photos of new remodeled rooms, I figured it had to be better than before.  Plus, it's across from the Palazzo, Venetian, next to Fashion Show Mall, and from the Wynn so it seemed convenient to all the popular places.  The deal was good, $110 a night.  When we got there on Friday night, there was a long line of about 20 people waiting to check-in.  At first, there were only 2 people behind the counter.  20 minutes later, there were about 7 people working.  That was irritating that we had to wait so long to check-in.  They should be well-staffed on the weekends.We ended up getting the last room in the hall, which was far from the elevator.  At first, we were upset that we had to walk to the last room in the hall, but it ended up being a corner room with 2 big windows on each side so that was pretty cool.  The room was what I expected based on the photos on their website.  The room was pretty spacious and the room had a contemporary look with espresso-colored furniture.  Bathroom was pretty spacious as well.  Loved the comfortable bed and the super long chaise.  The other thing I noticed was that although we booked a promo on their website, we didn't get all the savings coupons that we were supposed to.  We did get some food coupons, but our promo also included discounts to their spa and their stores, but we never got it.  Since we didn't have time for the spa, we didn't complain about it, but you should make sure you get what you ordered if you go with any of their promos.
1	Um.  This place was cool ten years ago, when you were in high school.  Now- not so much.
4	BEST VALUE FOR YOUR PRICE HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!I didn't really know what to expect, b/c i had heard about the rennovations, but had no measure of comparison since I had never been before. TI DEFINITELY surpassed my expectations. The rooms are actually really nice: SUPER comfy beds, ipod docks, updated furniture, flat screen TV, granite in the bathrooms, etc. I wasn't expecting it to be as nice as it was. Only downside: NO FANS in the bathroom. Definitely a huge bang for your buck. Great location too (about 3 min walk to TAO!). The inside of the casino is pretty small and I wouldn't recommend the buffet (nothing special). I would definitely stay here again.
3	Either completely eliminate the quasi-pirate theme and remodel or bring the pirates and royal navy back full force.  This half and half business is nonsensical.  The "Sirens of TI" show is way cheesy and does nothing but cause the sidewalk outside to clog up so people can't walk past.  If you can manage to get inside past the facade and sharade, the casino isn't half bad and TI is in a pretty good location.  The dining options are decent also.  Don't know about the rooms.
4	I've never stayed at TI, but I have spent entirely too much time at the $5 Texas Hold'em table.  It's one of my favorite single tables in Vegas, which makes it one of my favorite single places in the world.
4	If you are looking for a good night of rest, look no further.  TI is the best bet on the strip.  I pricelined my room for $50/night and was so happy with the cleanliness and the luxury of the room.  I know that no one goes to vegas to sleep, but I guarantee that what little sleep you get will be the best on the strip.
4	I chose TI mainly because I was planning on seeing Mystere, and liked the location. I had also read great reviews about the bed, so here is my experience!Check in: Very smooth, We were checking in at about 9pm so I was surprised to see about 10 people in front of us, but the line moved quickly and the woman that checked us in was very pleasant. We booked a tower suite, and she asked us smoking or non. We said whichever was located higher up, and while she phoned to find out the answer, she grabbed us an envelope with a bunch of promotions inside. We were given a complimentary drink ticket and a 20% off dinner to Kahunaville, a 2 for 1 buffet ticket, 2 free passes (44 dollar value) to the spa, and free entry into the night club. It also included a VIP ticket to the Sirens show, but I hear you can get VIP access with just your room key.Tower Suite: Our room ended up being 32-011 (non smoking). Rooms 30 and up have their own elevators where you have to enter your room key so it will recognize what floor to stop on. Nice touch, it sure made me feel special! The room was HUGE. Very clean, spacious, and looked just like the pictures I have seen. The his bathroom has a glass door shower with the "rain" like shower head. The closet is small with sliding doors and a safe inside. The hers bathroom is much larger with lots of counter space, a make up area complete with a seat and a vanity mirror, a spacious closet with a dresser and plenty of hanging space, and a whirlpool tub. The room has a flat screen TV which is very nice and has plenty of channels. The rooms are dim even with several light fixtures, but this was fine with me. There is a couch which is pretty comfortable, a fridge, a dining table, and the double doors to the room is a beautiful touch. We slept in this room the first night, but the boy decided to switch rooms the next day because the bed had a rather deep dip in it on one side, when the tub was turned on sand came out of the faucet, and the fridge didn't work. Our second room was 7-050 which ended up being our room for the next 3 nights. It was still a tower suite, but the main room was slightly smaller. Everything worked well, the only problem we had with the second room was the bed. While it was plush and comfortable, apparently they don't have sheets that fit it, and the boy was really upset when we crawled into bed and our feet were touching bare mattress. He requested the bed to be changed, and when the maids came to replace the bedding,they had to try several different sheets before they could find one to cover it. Even after that fiasco, the sheets would slip around and expose the mattress because they are not fitted. Kind of odd, but a minor problem. Oh yes, and all of the reviews I read they talk of the ipod dock clock radio in the rooms, so I didn't bother to bring my ipod charger. Neither room that we had had the ipod dock. The first room was a bose machine, the second was just some generic clock radio. Oh well, didn't really need the ipod besides for the plane ride home! We got a movie one night and was surprised by their extensive movie choice list. If you want to call it a night and want to relax with a movie you won't be disappointed!Room Service: We ordered room service twice which was very quick and not too pricey. Always try to order between _:10 and _:20 because they deliver on the 1/2 hours. Our food was piping hot and made right before coming up. I would suggest the chicken tenders and the clubhouse sandwich. Both delicious! Do not make the mistake I made of ordering soda to the room. 3 bucks for each can when all I had to do was step out of my room, walk 10 feet and get 20 oz. bottles from the vending machine for the same price. Oops! Vending machines also have vitamin water which we both love.Casino Floor: Rather small compared to other casinos, but I liked it a lot. Had a very cozy feel. The poker room is tiny but we spent some time in there playing their daily tournaments which are cheap ($65 for 3500 in chips with the ability to rebuy in the first hour) which were extremely soft and easy to place in. The cash game looks okay, but I wouldn't personally choose it because the players will tend to be regulars, thus making it not as soft as other places such as MGM and Mirage. The table games seemed to be busy at all hours. The boy played some "Let it Ride" but we didn't see any good runs, most people just lost their money, got up and left. Cheap blackjack tables were available also for those who don't want to spend too much. We played Lobstermania slot machines for a laugh and actually more than doubled our money in 3 spins!Check out: Very quick and easy. We checked out at 12 but our flight wasn't until 4 so we gave our bags to the bell desk and they took care of our bags and loaded them into the taxi right away when we came back for them. All of the staff was extremely friendly and caring. We ate at several of TI's restaurants, so please look at my reviews on them!
4	I've stayed here twice now, and I think there's a lot of positives about this property. Even the most basic rooms are well appointed and spacious. I like both Canters Deli and Social House, for food options at opposite ends of the culinary spectrum. The spa, while pricey, is lovely. It's an easy walk to Fashion Show Mall, Wynn, Palazzo and the Venetian. The connecting tram to the Mirage makes Caesars and Bellagio a comfortable walk. Sign up for email specials and you can always get a competitive rate.Two caveats:(1) The pool sucks - it's very small. If you are coming during summer months and are a pool person, stay elsewhere.(2) The free pirate - oh, excuse me - SIRENS show is gag-worthy.
2	No thanks. One and done on a dare in early '08. Der, I do stoopid good every once in a while. My first room was an "original" yikes. Switched to a new one and breathed VOCs all night, yuck. Small casino, food, blah. Good connection from The Mirage to The Mall for some AC and a drink.Might work for you though.
3	fuck vegas and all of its parts. i hate this god damn place.. thousands of dollars later a runny nose, liver that is 50 years beyond its time and a pissed of girlfriend. not to mention the people in the elevator that think you are a nut when you pee..after3 days of gambling and working on the runny nose you cant do much else besides let loose and do i mean let loose... we stayed in a pent house sweet was nice but not that nice.. dont go to vegas go to cabo or hawaii or san fran or anywhere that alcohol is allowed besides vegas. laughlin is cool as you get preoccupied with the river and that whole deal..
4	Ok for first time in Vegas being 21 this place did help to make it a fun trip. However the very first night we were there they were doing construction on the floor above us, seriously jack hammers going off at 6 in the morning... in vegas! the worst part was no one told us there was going to be construction going on. I really liked our first room it had a good view, but we changed rooms so we could actually sleep at some point during the trip. The next room had a crappy view but no jack hammers so we didn't care. The reason why I am giving this place four stars is because they have such a fun pool during the day. It is super small but it's almost like being at someones house party. The DJ plays good music and they have these slushy vodka drinks with gummy worms that are so good, watch out for those. Overall the hotel was really nice, a mix of all ages. Note to family's visiting don't bring your little kids to the pool it's a bunch of drunk people who dont want to watch out for little kids swimming in the pool. Thanx.
4	wow... i haven't been to a vegas in a minute.. i remember stumbling in a drunken stupor one nite, 8years ago, and thinking that this place sucks..T.I., not to be confused with the rapper, has come up since i last stumbled through..i would say the place is not super spectacular, but i think the upgrades to the rooms, the restaurants, the clubs, and the decor makes it a decent vegas getaway spot..spent nye+2 days wid wifey's family and i had a genuinely good time.  the hotel is pretty self contained and you can potentially have a blast w/o even leavin the premises.gold star for Social House and Mist, and the hidden internet access(that 90% of the staff don't know exists). haha.
5	Very conveniently located, right across the street from Venetian and at 40% of the price. Also located beside Fashion Mall. Well worth the price we paid ($70 a night), because we booked in advance by a few weeks and online, with non refundable booking.Nice clean rooms, and clean linens brought everyday (As i saw complaints regarding this in prior postings on other sites). Beds were extremely comfortable, would definitely stay here again. Only downside is that the parking lot is quite a walk to the casino.
4	I just got back from a little three day vacation from Vegas and stayed at the TI.  I am very satisfied with everything they had to offer.  The beds were sooo comfortable.  i was able to bury myself in the comforter and comfy pillows that they offered on the beds.This hotel is conveniently located near the mall and all the other great casinos.  I will definitely stay here again if given a chance.
2	Good Location right on the stripeasy walking distance to many other hotelsOlder Style rooms with Low CeilingsUGHBuffet was Unedible
3	Overall, TI earns 3 stars.SHOWS: 4.5 starsMystere holds up to its name and was an excellent show!ROOMS: 4 stars- clean, just went under recent renovation so the rooms are almost like brand new- beds are more comfortable than those at Venetian- stayed on the highest level floor which means = high ceilings- NO robes, but they did have  a safe/hair dryer/iron + boardCASINO: 3 starsThe casino is just OK, it is kind of aging and old looking now. FOOD: 2 starsThe food choices are very minimal, and everything was just OK. Treasure Island has no fine dining choices or high-end restaurants.So overall, TI gets a high 3 star (close to 3.5 should be more accurate). The overall appeal of the hotel on the outside still holds well, and the location is settled right on the strip next to Mirage and across from Palazzo/Venetian; the rooms are extremely renovated. The food/casino bring down the overall score to a 3.
4	This is a review for the hotel's entertainment offering rather than the hotel rooms... I've never stayed here but definitely enjoyed visiting!For the kids (loved it when I was little): an awesome arcade where you can win prizes and a crazy "climb the ladder" game where you can win a huge stuffed animal or fall *splat* onto a big bouncy cushion.For the young adults: The fun club, Orange (I think is the name?), with a great dj, strong drinks, and a cool outdoor area.For the older family: The crazy "Senior Frogs"-style bar where you can watch the bartender swirl tequila bottles followed by free shots for all... (also a good pre-game for the club)For everyone: The outdoor pirate show!
4	Pros: Great location. Nice rooms. Cheap price. Cons: Cheesy theme, dated exterior. Best value on the trip if you can get past the fact that the outside is a little dated and the theme. The room we stayed in was on the top floor and looked as if it had been newly renovated. We paid $109/night. The only hotel near that price was the Stratosphere. I prefer this hotel to the MGM grand and NYNY. Breakfast restaurant was good, but I would have liked to have seen a fast food option or two.
4	I stayed at the TI hotel a few years ago...2005 I think.  I was here during December so they were in the middle of doing lots of upgrades to the building and to their Sirens of TI props; the water was completely drained and looked like workers were painting or re-painting parts that were discolored or coming off.  I can't blame them for the bad appearance but it wasn't a welcoming sight.The casino appeared to be operating only at about 1/2 since it was slow season but I remember getting the hotel and flight for only $130/person so I will not complain about things being closed or what not.  The hotel experience was nice but what I really remembered about this hotel was the hospitality when I forgot a bag of souvenirs after arriving home.  I called the hotel and they were able to locate the package (which had already been turned in by the housekeeping staff) and they offered to ship it to me overnight using FedEx at their expense!!!  That was surely a nice way to sent a customer off so if the time comes around to stay at a moderately-priced hotel near lots of attractions; I would definitely come back to the TI.
3	Review is for the casino only:I lost $60 in under an hour at the $10 blackjack tables my first night.  OUCH.
5	Stayed here during my Honeymoon to Vegas, Loved it! It was clean and comfortable, had free pirate shows at night, good location, I would highly recommend to my friends and family.
4	I've been to Vegas many times and this is the first time I've even considered staying at the TI. I was a little apprehensive at first because for some reason everybody kept saying it was a little "ghetto" so I was expecting the worse. When I first walked in I was very surprised to see that the rooms were very clean, modern and pretty nice! They had flat screens, free internet access, and these BIG WONDERFUL BEDS. The sheets and blankets were all soft and nice. Even though I usually have trouble sleeping in new places, the instant my head hit the pillow I was out. Although the amenities of the hotel wasn't as plentiful as others, they had what everyone needs - Starbucks, cafe opened 24 hours for drunken meals, $5 black jack tables, and a PHO restaurant. I will absolutely come back to this hotel to stay for the price we paid. Cheap prices and prime location on the strip. You can't complain!
4	Just got back from a great weekend in Vegas, and we stayed here at Treasure Island. I hadn't stayed here prior to their remodel, but I'm assuming lots has been upgraded. The decor (carpet, lounge chairs, etc) is really nice with a modern touch and colors. There was also a flat screen TV and iPod docking station, if that is of importance to you. The bed was SUPER comfy, just the right firmness for me. The pillows, while not down, were very comfortable as were the high thread count linens. The only reason TI isn't getting 5 stars from me is their bathrooms. While nice, it wasn't amazing like Venetian or Palazzo. In addition to really nice rooms, the staff here were all very pleasant to deal with. From the lady who checked us in at the front desk to the valet guys, they all seemed happy to be there and were very friendly.I got a super sweet deal for this past weekend, I think based on my MGM Players club membership....$89 (Fri or Sat nights) $59 (Sun-Thurs nights). This was an awesome deal, I thought...especially for that end of the strip. The bf and I really had a good time staying here, and if the price is right, we'll come again.
4	Went In Early December 2008... For a long weekend to bet on some football and relax and enjoy the December Rates!1st time @ TI- and I'm a big fan.. THe hotel isn't that big but big enough to feel comfortable if that makes sense. The check in was quick, I was able to get checked in at 11am, Had a strip view on the 33rd Floor, top floors had their own elevator that you need a key for, nice touch for security reasons if you're all skeered and stuff.. The room was really nice, good view facing south strip, saw the the Mirage Valcano and all that kinda stuff.  But the room was really cozy, decent size bathroom and the beds were sooo comfy!! THe best part was the IPOD docking station, always a plus to put on the jams as your drinking and two stepping and getting ready to go out for the night..The hotel wa very liberal, we acted a fool at times nobody said anything to us, I guess we went during the Rodeo Finals so are hotel was filled with belt buckle wearing county Folks. They were cool though, I don't mind, a lot were loud and funny, just meant for better times at the table. I heard a lot of " Yeee Haws"  but whatever it was all in good spirits.We didnt do much clubbing this time more of a gambling trip but we we're begged to go to the Christian Audigiar night Club, they gave us free admission and stuff.. The club was decent, kind of small but they played really good music. (my opinion of really good music was hip hop and a mix of some 80's and 90's hits)  Drinks are ok priced too. Not a bad option, if you're staying at TI I think the room key gives you free admission.The pool sucked, it was closed but if you're going in the summer pools I would not stay here, The pool was so small, I could not imagine it in the summer time...The location of the TI was the best though, connected via walkway bridge to the mall, cross the street to the Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian and tram to the Mirage.Ummm I wish my report was more exciting but it was a gambling trip.Good times, will stay there again only in the winter and if we got a good rate like last time...The casino was small but cozy too, 3/2 Black Jack, 5/10 tables and 5/10 tables of craps as well..High Five- TI you rocked that weekend.
4	I like this place since they started the new image of TI. The rooms are renovated and clean. They come with nice linen and a flatscreen TV with free OTA HD channels. The bathroom is room especially the tub which is great for a big guy like me. You can do yourself +2 if you want :) I'm not fan of their shops or casino but I don't shop or gamble. I come to rest and chill. The internal layout is OK. Not a maze but definitely  not a straight shot to the room elevators either. Price is decent for what you get. The only problem is the price of wi-fi. 15 bucks per night is a rip. Not everyone is using an expense acct for business use.
3	so here i am yelping with an average of 3-hours of sleep in like 6 days already. came back from vegas with a whole lot of things, vibes and places to yelp...*trying to keep eyes open**well its just 3.5 actually. my first real  halfbaked vacation in two years and not so planned either as everything was just out of impulse. I remember when i first toured LV we stayed at an average hotel--well this ones waaaay better. I never realized from the inside that T.I was really huge until we crossed the walkway towards some shopping center, i forgot the name. lobby is mediocre-- not really the huge type halls with all those big vases and marble type counters. Youll see the mediocrity in their carpets, but all in all it was a good experience with TI.minus 2 stars for the $15 dollar internet service. and for not having extra toiletries and towels. we still had to call. They should think that families  and not just couples avail rooms too, so why give 3 towels per room when I specified 4 guests each?? come on. The price i guess was reasonable, like $ 700+ for 2 rooms adjoining.  I learned my lesson well, next time ask for rooms proximate to the elevators- saves you from shoe marks after partying all night esp. when your feet are numb and tired. the pillows really wrecked my neck, i prefer the firm ones. Next time Ill probably try Wynn or Hilton and just totally relax. it should really be a comfy accomodation esp. when youre just planning to eat, sleep, shop and party. =p
4	Overall this is a very good casino to gamble in, except for the damn ATM's that charge on a tiered system (good god aren't you taking enough of my money already).  Though the name my sound tacky, the casino is beautiful and very upscale.
3	Treasure Island... I'm not sure how I'm liking your logo change...it's so...not treasure-y. I'd prefer if you still called yourself Treasure Island, not T.I. You're not a rapper and you definitely aren't P Diddy so lets cut out the nickname, eh?   And what have you done to the amazing Pirate Show?  It's just not the same. Ok ok, so I haven't ever STAYED at Treasure Island but I spent summers in vegas and used to love the show on the strip...I thought it was much more entertaining...but then again...maybe I just grew up.  Could be.
4	this was my first time spending more than an hour or so at treasure island, never mind staying in one of their rooms.  i was very pleasantly surprised.  we arrived around 10PM and waited in line for about 15 minutes.  the girl that checked us in seemed a little pissed at first, but anyone who has worked in the service industry would understand that she was probably about to be off for the night but had to stay late because there was a sudden rush of people trying to check in and all she wanted to do was get out of her TERRIBLE front desk girl uniform, drink a bud light and smoke a cigarette.  at any rate, i asked if she had anything with a view and she upgraded us to a strip view room for free, which was nice.the walk from the lobby to our elevators was pleasant.  easy to navigate (even though i HATE walking through the casino with all of my luggage and shit in tow) and not too far.  vegas vacation anyone?  "in order to get to your rooms, you're going to have to go this way through the casino.  veer to the left and make a short right at the first giant palm tree.  you'll see a group of blackjack tables.  not baccarat.  not craps.  blackjack.  take another right and then wind around to the left.  if you get to the pool you've gone too far.  back up and make another right.  you'll see a bank of elevators.  those aren't your elevators.  stay away from them but keep walking, you'll see another bank of elevators..... the gold elevators.  those are yours. take them up to the tenth floor, make a right, at the end of the hallway you'll find your rooms.  any questions?"  ok i know that was totally a huge tangent but that is seriously what happens to me EVERY TIME I GO TO VEGAS.  i always spend the first twenty minutes at the hotel trying to get from the lobby to my room and like i said before, i hate carting all of my shit through the casino.  anyway....... that didn't happen at TI.  awesome.got to the room and we could have sworn no one had ever even stayed in it before.  it seriously looked (and smelled) brand new.  like a model home.  SUPER NICE first impression, especially considering it was a smoking room.  everything was very modern and up to date, as far as style is concerned.  not that it really matters.  also, the bed was really really comfortable.  made for great sleeping/hangovering.can't say that we ever ate at any of the restaurants at treasure island.  there was a starbucks and a krispy kreme, which ruled.  we DID get room service a few times, which was delicious.  the people who dropped it off were always very pleasant.i would definitely stay at treasure island again and recommend it to my friends.
4	We stayed here for a couple of days, to surprise a friend for his birthday. My first trip to Vegas, and I didn't know what to expect - I'd heard mixed things about TI since they'd changed it from "arr-matey-avast-landlubber" image to "busty sluts", but really the only thing about it that had much to do with the "TI" part was the boat show outside, which we failed to see. Inside, it looked like what I pictured a hotel/casino to look like. Plenty of nice stores, clean slot rooms, restaurants everywhere, and a small poker room. It was all just fine. The room was exceptional. The most comfortable bed in which I have slept in a hotel, ever. Amazing view from our 30th floor window of "New Vegas". Room service till 6 am! The room keys kept not working, and the staff was sooooo sloooooowwww checking in and out. Lots of waiting. The waitresses/bartenders/servers in all the restaurants and bars were friendly, if a little slow - but this is Vegas! Who's in a hurry here? All in all, a competitive, good hotel, with decent value.
4	I remember seeing the outside Pirate Show when i was much younger, and i was amazed then, So this was my first time staying here after hearing good things and actually finding a good online deal, i am not cheap, but then again i am not leaving my arm and leg to stay at a hotel.This place has excellent rooms, spacious restrooms and the Bed is sooooo comfortable, i was taking a 20 minute nap, turned out to be a 3 hour nap, yea, but anyhow, it's really nice.The staff all around is great, except for the bartenders in front of the Cafe, it seems that they are just there with no humour what so ever, i am mean, be cool and hand me a drink with a small smile would not hurt, or would it? Regardless, had a great time !
4	I've stayed at TI once before, and liked it.  My girls and I stayed here this past weekend, and it was a lot better than my first stay.Check in was quick, line wasn't too long.  We had a great view of the strip, which was totally unexpected. LOVED IT!  While we were getting ready to go out, we had GREAT fire works from our window.  The only thing that wasn't all that great was that they only changed our linens once.  When we had asked them to change it on a specific day because Ana had been sooo drunk that she was eating apple rings in bed, and fell asleep on one of them and got stuck to the bed. LoL..I love the fact that they had security before the elevators! OH MY GOD! i had met a guy one of the clubs, and since i was extremely tired, i left my girls to go back to the room, and the guy offered to walk me to the room.  I had actually thrown up at another hotel bathroom after the club, and was walking back to the room with the guy.  I was trying soooo hard to get rid of him, that the only way I could was once I got to the elevator area and asked security NOT to let the guy following me up.  I saw an elevator open up, and i got in QUICK.  I saw the guy trying to talk to security, telling him that he was with me. NO. THANK YOU FOR KEEPING HIM FROM FOLLOWING ME TO THE ROOM!I guess that this hotel would get 3 stars, because it wasn't all that great, but because of security, i'm giving it that extra star for making that guy go away! :D
3	When I stay in Vegas the most important aspect of my hotel experience has got to be the pool.  I spend all day there until it's time for my pre-dinner nap, so I want it to be a pleasant place to hang out.The TI pool was just not for me.  I understand that it's spring break season right now, but I was not in the mood for this frat party.  The dj was spinning loud, cheesy bar music (Sir Mixalot, Journey, Beastie Boys, ,etc.), and announcing stupid contests, like "Who has the hairiest chest?"  The waitress service was horribly slow, and the pool itself looked pretty gross.  I didn't venture inside, because with all those spring breakers downing beer and seemingly never getting out to relieve themselves- who knows what I would have been getting into.Although I had to wait for at least 40 minutes for my food to arrive, when it did it was delicious.  I got the chorizo/beef sliders with cheddar cheese and bacon mayo with shoestring fries.  They were smokey, salty, and irresistable.  My pina colada was alright...a bit watery if you ask me, but my friend's strawberry daquiri was fruity and delicious.Okay, so besides the pool, TI was very nice.  The beds were really comfy, and the service was good. The location is also pretty ideal.  You can walk to the Wynn/Encore, Caesar's Palace, The Venetian, and The Mirage, and The Palazzo in 5-10 minutes, which really saves on cabs.  This is definitely one of the nicest bargain hotels on the strip.
5	sorry Meredith F. but my review is going to be the complete opposite of yours. I LOVED the pool at TI. I am a 23 year old guy who went with his girlfriend and a bunch of other friends and we stayed at the pool everyday. It was like one big party. We watched the march madness games, bought the huge (overpriced) drinks, danced and swam across the pool. Meredith is right, if you're coming to the pool to relax then sneak into the excalibur pool or something. TI's pool is where the party is at!! I wish i was there right now. I give it five stars for the pool.
4	I have stayed at Treasure Island on business for the past three years and have not had a bad experience since.  The rates are good and it is close to the Sands Expo Center.  There isn't anything fancy about it, but it has everything I need for a business trip.  I probably wouldn't book on a vacation because I have stayed there so many times and there are so many hotels in Vegas I would still like to try, but there is nothing bad about this place.
4	Stayed here for my bf's best friends bday weekend. All I can say is it was more than we had expected! For what we paid we stayed in a super luxurious suite with a plasma, two bathrooms (one with a jacuzzi tub), view of the pool and a fold out sofa bed.  Needless to say our suite ended up being the party suite for our group of 12, since everyone else went the other route and stayed at the Hilton. (Ugh.) My only complaint was that the sounds from the hall echoed terribly into our room, making it sound as though people were at the foot of our room door instead of down the hall. Other than that, fantastic! Would recommend for anyone who wants a taste of affordable luxury.
3	I was pleasantly surprised with my most recent stay at Treasure Island. I was under the impression that TI was an old fashioned hotel with old school rooms. I was extremely wrong. The rooms were rather large with modern decor. 100x better than when I stayed at the Luxor. Room service is pretty quick...30-40 minutes as opposed to a normal hour wait for food delivery service. The pool was nice and the bartenders friendly. The DJ spins the music super loudly so dont bother bringing your iPod (I could barely hear it when I tried).All in all, this place is A-OK and I would definitely not mind staying there again.
4	A definite upgrade!Gone is the campy, swashblucking decor of yesteryear. Treasure Island has kept up with the times and modernized their look in order to accommodate a younger audience. They've renovated their rooms with chic, modern furniture (not to mention their amazingly comfortable mattress) and a sweet flat screen TV. The pool also opened for the summer the time I went there in March, which was awesome. Tons of lounges with pop-up flags to alert waitresses when you're in need of a poolside dranky drank. And you can't beat the room rates, especially with their prime location on the Strip! It's walking distance from Fashion Show Mall, the Wynn, the Mirage and the Palazzo. Perfect when you're stumbling out of the club at 3am and strapped for cash.Definitely coming back!
5	I know this place isnt Ceasars or the Bellagio.  The rooms are modern and nice, but what really makes this place special and close to the heart, are the beds!  Yes, the beds!  After partying til 3 or 4 in the morning, nothing makes your body feel like a million angels kissing you all over your body than these heaven sent beds.  If God slept on a bed, this would be it! I mean there is no comparison, NONE!
3	'Twas a royal drag waiting in the long line to check in. The stoic lass who checked us in appeared tight-lipped about where locals went for fun, but she did set us up on the 26th floor with a great view of the strip. The deluxe room was nicely furnished and comped for three nights, so what could we really complain about? Actually, the TV sucked with its senile remote control and scattered satellite signal, and it wasn't set up to crane out of the wall. Still, the king-sized bed was comfortable and nice to lie in to watch a bit of "vacation TV," a.k.a. Saved By the Bell.Someone stole our Do Not Disturb sign, so it was annoying to have housekeeping scream greetings into our room bright and way too early the next day. At least it motivated us to go down to the pool, which is lounge-worthy, but rather small, and made especially so by the slew of sunbathers claiming their plastic chaise lounges at bloody nine in the friggin morning, I mean, people, could you not sleep off your hangover in the dank of your curtained hotel room? Imported beers cost $10 a plastic pint, but since it's practically the medicine of Vegas, we were fine with the $60 breakfast buzz bill (solids not included).I like to gamble with minimal effort, which is to say, I dig the $1 Wheel of Fortune machines. It's all about the spin, baby. That is, until you're $300 into a machine that keeps teasing with small winnings but never delivers the money shot. That's when you spin the situation and say to each other, "It's all about the comp dollars, baby" and look for a cocktail waitress to at least get that free drink. Unfortunately there seems to be a severe dearth in free-drinks-slinging cocktail waitresses at TI and at most of the casinos. Damn this recession.
4	Ok so the beds are'nt perfect anymore...The steak and eggs are now overpriced and taste like microwave food... errr.... what the heck happend?  Rooms are still nice as well as the staff... Pool area remains the same and room service food although on the pricey side, is pretty darn good...  Especially the "spicy wings"  whoooo yummy!
3	"The unofficial good bye."Each time we stay at T.I. check in is fast and I love that about their customer service. On our last visit they even gave us a bottle of bubbly to welcome us. This time however we stayed with them as official parents so we had to tone it down, a bit.If memory serves me correctly nothing has dramatically changed. Casino floors still smell smokey even though Nevada is enforcing the 'clean air act.' Tangerine is now replaced with that dude that makes those tacky t-shirt designs, Christian what's-his-name. Our room was on the 25th floor with views of both the strip of the east and beautiful sunsets to the west. I do have to complain about their beds and since I've been spoiled with staying in their suites in the past their beds in the deluxe room are one big bust. The mattress was not comfortable at all and found myself rolling down toward the center. Yuck! However I have to give them credit for using high thread count sheets.Room service was on the pricey side and didn't offer anything interesting for dinner not even from their adjoining restaurants down stairs. I got a cobb salad even though what I really wanted was steak and eggs or a meal from Social House. I think it's safe to say we'll be staying next door next time. Thanks T.I.!
2	i got to stay here TWICE because of work - i really cant complain about it but when your boss is staying at the venetian, IT IS A REASON TO COMPLAIN.you get hotel envy.for the most part, I HATE THE FACT THAT THE CASINOS, THE BAR, CANTERS DELI, and MIST BAR is just PLAIN DREARY. its like all the fuglies and the losers of vegas are here. UGH.i ended up going to christian audigier nightclub because my other friends were in town - its not a bad club, its pretty okay, i believe. no cover for hotel guests just made me go. hahaha. (that and i had to wake up at 6am to get ready for work)my room was okay, the king size bed was nice and comfy and the nice people at the front desk put me in a low floor near the elevator room. i love the fact that i was there because the last time i stayed my room was at the end of nowhere - working 12 hour days and walking a block and a half from the elevator to my room is no joke. (and no, i didnt mind that i had a view of the airconditioning unit of the hotel)sadly the remote control and the tv was retarded AND THE HOTEL ROOM HAD NO FRIDGE. (weird)the TOILETRIES SUCK BIG TIME, seems to me that its the same brand that budget hotels use just in a different container.the bellboy who took my luggage at the belldesk WAS EXPECTING A TIP WHEN HE DIDNT EVEN TAKE THE THING FROM MY ROOM. really? what a dick. a tip for writing my name on a claim tag and chatting a little bit? (acting like a prostitute much?) id probably stay here again next  year because im not paying for my stay, but if i was, id rather go somewhere else.there is definitely no treasure in this island. LOL
4	I really enjoy this hotel. For being in the middle of the strip it's definetly worth the price. The pool is nice, the rooms are pleasant and the service is great. The only thing I dislike is The Coffee House. Overpriced breakfast food that is blah. I wouldn't recommend it. Yes, Tangerine is no longer there. It is now the Christian Audigier Club, you know, Ed Hardy's designer.
4	Got there early and we couldnt check in, but they held our luggage for us while we went to the Coffee Shop and ate breakfast. Food was average and pricey. That's the worst thing we can say about TI. The beds are awesome, the room service great, the casino was loud and fun...Everything at TI is easy to find and the ISLA Mexican Restuarant is unreal. Some of the best authentic food on the Strip. We also used the Spa for a massage and it was outstanding.Best part about TI is the location - right in the middle of the Strip and accessible to everything.We highly recommend it!
3	TI, this hotel in one form or another has been around for a while. The rooms are smaller than the newer hotels on the strip. The bathroom is a bit rundown and TV is tiny. But it is what it is...a hotel on the strip catering to those who do not want to spend the $$$$ to stay in the higher end hotels.The room was comp to me...so if I had to pay I don't think I will want to stay here. The rooms are just way too small.
2	This place is ok. If you're a no frills or budget conscious type of person this place may be for you. The room we got was decent. A bed and bathroom. It wasn't old/dirty but it wasn't posh. Housekeeping was good. There is no high-end eateries besides Social House. Not to say good food is only at trendy places. We all know that's not true. But you want to go to a few uber nice places while in Vegas. The buffet is awful. The casino does look dated. The craps dealers were funny and good to us. Drink service was decent. TI is in a great location, next to Fashion Show Mall and right across the street from the Big Four(Venetian/Palazzo/Wynn/Encore). I would say if you have a modest budget stay here and cross the street to get your fun on.
4	This hotel met all of my needs and more!We went on a couples trip with friends and were all very pleased with the hotel.  I really liked the new modern decor of the rooms with their flat screen tvs and ipod clock radios.  The marble floors in the bathrooms were a nice touch but be careful of those floors-slippery when wet.  We also had double beds and they were just heavenly with their pillowtop matresses, fluffy comforters, and silky soft sheets.  For the price, we were very impressed with the hotel.We had a chance to hang out at the pool and it was pretty good.  We didn't feel the need to choose a hotel that had a huge impressive pool so it was good for us.  They had waitresses coming around steadily to take our drink and food orders, and that was good enough.  Although it was about 90 degrees out, we stayed in the huge hot tub because it was a comfortable temperature-warm.  The pool was too cold to take a dip in.I did have one complaint, however.  We were glad our room had double beds because one of the duvets on the bed smelled heavily of mildew!  The minute I sat on it, I could smell it.  As I said, it didn't bother us because we had the other bed to sleep on but just beware.I would definitely recommend this hotel to people looking for a moderately priced hotel that's right on the strip and close to all the action.
4	The four stars is for one thing that, for me, stood out about TI. The beds. Our bed was so freaking comfortable! And the comforter and sheets are luxuriously soft. Honestly, I was really surprised at how comfortable the beds are here. And as someone who does not stay out all night long, I appreciated having a very nice bed to sleep in. Additional props to TI for recognizing the brilliance of having a pho restaurant on the Strip!
3	nice hotel rooms. moderate prices. the pirate show isn't that good anymore. I was actually surprise how nice it was on the casino floor. it was a enjoyable stay.
3	A lot better than Luxor but can't compare this hotel to anything else except the Wynn, and that would not be a useful comparo!The bed was very very very comfortable and the pillow were like white fluffy clouds. The casino is OK and the amenities are decent. This isn't a great place to stay, BUT it IS way better than Luxor and similarly priced!Pros: mid-strip location, beds and pillowsCons: nothing really, you can't really pay the price to stay here and bitch about its lack of class and prestige, either spend the $ and stay at the Wynn, Palazzo, etc... or save that money and stay at this place. It's not the best, but it sure as heck isn't the worst! (Luxor is by far the worst rank crusty hotel I've stayed at on the strip)
4	First time staying at Treasure Island. Usually stay at higher-scale hotels when I go with my parents, or lower-scale hotels when I go with friends. But this time, got the Spa Suite at Treasure Island. The room was a little smaller than I imagined, but quite nice. Two bathrooms, one with shower and the other a giant tub. Had a nice north view of the Strip as well. Like most casinos/hotels, Treasure Island had everything. Had the lunch buffett one day, and the Vietnamese restaurant next to the cafe another day. Both were good! Caught the Mystere show one night. Check-in and check-out were speedy. One of the best things about Treasure Island is the location. It's one of the few hotels that isn't priced sky high and still located in the middle of everything. I heard the Fashion Mall across the street isn't too great, but at least it's across the street. I guess my only complaint about this place was how long it took to get a new blow dryer delivered from housekeeping. It seriously took 40 minutes, 4 phone calls, and a dozen apologies. And the replacement didn't work either.Other than that, I'd definitely stay at Treasure Island again!
4	just stayed at ti. not bad. buffet pretty good they have a great dessert area!!!! the pool is a little small but the cabannas are big and you can rent them for a half day wcich is nice. over all pretty good stay the beds were comfy and they had good pillows but could hear  the sirens show fire works from 7-10:30 every night. not great for the kids to sleep and the sirens show was lame. the gym was really good. i am a gym person and over all the gym had a decent amount of equptment
3	They've done a nice job of remodeling the hotel and casino.  It's very modern, and very comfy.  The hotel rooms are really quite nice, and the beds are SICK.However, the FOOD in the place, is just below standard."The Coffee Shop" restaurant is mediocre diner food at best, and the service, while friendly, is slow and somewhat lacking in care.  Also, it's the ONLY place open for food in the casino past around 10pm.  Or room service...but it's the same food as they have at the Coffee Shop...only it's somehow, worse, by the time it arrives.Also, the muscle-bound, gold necklace wearing, D-Bag quotient is quite low at TI, which makes the evenings far more palatable.All-in-all, I'd stay there again, but I'd eat somewhere else.  The RA sushi restaurant at Fashion Show Mall, while a chain, is far tastier than anything else we ate at TI.
5	totally loved T.I. it was my man & i first time stay in T.I. and it was beautiful from the casino, the rooms, the view, decor, overall, etc. It would be a place i would stay at again.
4	Two years in a row we have stayed at the TI and for a few reasons: 1. Great rates2. Great Beds and newly remodeled rooms3. Decent pool how ever it can get crowded as its not the largest pool complex on the strip. 4. It sits right across from the fashion show mall and there is a Tram to the Mirage! As for some of the comments about the food I totally agree. The buffet is okay but the coffee shop or the deli is even less then par. Thankfully TI is positioned next to the mirage with a tram service and right across the street from the fashion show mall and the Venetian.
4	I stayed at TI from July 5th-9th. The check in was painless and the staff were friendly. I had no problem with the room card keys. Elevators were just fine. The room was nice though I thought the bed wasn't as comfortable as others have described it. Then again, I am used to sleeping on memory foam beds so this could be the case. I agree with the others about the Coffee Shop service and food quality. However, there were a few times when the service was really great so it probably depends on what server you got.  The music is totally awesome that they play when you walk back from the Fashion Mall. I didn't get to see the Sirens of TI show though because it was canceled due to high winds two times I tried to see it.  Valet was a bit slow but that's everywhere in Vegas. They were going as fast as they could. I recommend self-parking when staying at TI.  You can't beat the location of TI as it's right by the Mirage, Caesar's and across from the Wynn.  Minus one star just because it's an older hotel built in 1989 I believe and does not have the latest amenities. I did not get a chance to try the day spa at TI nor the Christian club.
4	TI used to NOT be the spot some years ago. It's still not 'the spot' now, but it's improved quite a bit over the years. They've done some nice renovations for all the rooms and I've gotta say, they look pretty attractive now. The rooms have nice furniture, there's a good amount of space, and everything looks clean and presentable. There's ample parking in their garage if you rented a car, but you might as well leave it there. TI's got a good, central location on the Strip, so most things should be within walking distance. Nifty. Also, the price is good, especially if you book in advance. They've got some nice deals on their website for reduced rates. Last thing, and totally subjective, but I feel like their machines in the casino are luckier than other places. Maybe they've got more favorable programming...
4	I reallly really enjoyed staying here at treasure Island. When I first heard that we were staying here I was under the impression that it was an older hotel only its not its newly remodeled and conviently RIGHT where we need to be. All of the clubs that we hit up were within walking distance. MIGHT i add one of the best dealers I have ever encountered worked there. Her name was TONI.. from LONG ISLAND...so toni if you ever read this.. I still wanna be married into your family so I could enjoy your wonderful personality for the rest of my life ahhahaha.. Even though I lost a shit load of money this trip I am thinking about going back to Treasure Island for my October trip. Thank you treasure Island for the good times :)
4	T.I. is not the best hotel & resort to stay on the strip, but it's up there without spending a good part of your gambling/fun money on a hotel room.  I actually booked my room a month or so early & as a result, it ended up being about $105 / night, which was a frickin' steal to me for staying in the middle of the strip during an apparently very busy weekend.I read that another recent reviewer found that there wasn't a hairdryer in her room & I don't blame her because I had to actually search for mine & I found it in the closet .. the top of the closet.  & being a short person, I did NOT appreciate that at all.  If my husband didn't need to get to the iron, then I probably wouldn't have found it.  The showerhead kind of suck too & there's no vent in the bathroom .. which doesn't help after a night of drinking, if you know what I mean.The buffet @ T.I. surprisingly isn't bad either.  I've eaten at the Wynn buffet twice (first time was awesome, second time .. I've had better) & I actually like the buffet at T.I. better.  Could be that I was ridiculously hungry because I hadn't eaten anything all day but it sure beat waiting in line for 30 mins @ the Wynn.  The lady that was clearing away our dishes (I think her name was Stephanie) was very prompt & polite.  Our drinking glasses never saw the bottom.The BEST thing about my stay at T.I. was the bed.  Good Lord!  That bed is comfy =]  The lady at the front desk when we were checking in asked if we wanted a low floor or a high floor (at the same price) gave us a high floor with a gorgeous view.  Overall, very satisfied.  Not extremely, astoundingly satisfied.  But satisfied, nonetheless =]
4	i am definitely a fan. check in was super short, but they didn't have our room ready so we just hung out and gambled for an hour. the decor in the rooms is very chic and the beds are great! the bed itself is standard (maybe even a little hard) but the sheets, pillow, and duvet were phenomenal! anytime we asked for anything (more room keys, luggage, towels), it was brought up right away. we got a cabana and it was pretty good. the fruit plate kind of sucked, but i loved the padded lounge chairs and such. the food from kahunaville was decent. the pool itself was small, which i didn't really mind, but it is definitely not a place for kids. a dj comes on at like 1pm and then it's a straight up frat party. went to starbucks as well, which was standard, but the wait was long. you kind of have to expect that in vegas, though. also went to the coffee shop twice - once for dinner and once late night - definitely sub par. we never hit up christian audigier so i can't comment. i loved the location for the price - it was awesome. i would absolutely stay at t.i. again!! for the money, you get a great room, good service and  akiller location. nice one.
4	The line at check-in is a bit long but overall pretty good. Clean room, good price, nice view, great location. I am really glad I picked this hotel. Will definitely stay here again next time.
2	When we went to check in, it turned out I had made a mistake with the reservation-- I had put my boyfriend's first name, but my last name. Seems like a minor mistake, but the guy checking us in flipped out and even CUSSED AT US. Wow. Nice hospitality... the F word really makes checking in so much easier. The manager ended up coming over and fixing the situation, but check in took forever. Anyways, we stayed in one of the basic rooms. It was tiny but cute looking on first glance. The carpet had a few minor stains that I didn't notice until later. I was grossed out by a brown stain on one of the "under-blankets" (not the bedspread, but the blanket under it). Flatscreen TV was crooked. Bathroom was good size and clean, but there was no fan, so if you like taking long steamy showers, you might have a problem. Housekeeping was constantly on us about cleaning our room. They kept calling our room or knocking on our door, even when we had the privacy sign up. Every morning, the maids would try speaking to my boyfriend in Spanish. Good things about the room included the safe, the full size hair dryer, the iron + ironing board, and the lit magnification mirror in the bathroom (good for applying your show girl makeup before hitting the nightlife).  The casino is attractive, happening,  and the dealers are friendly. I won some good money at the black jack tables & roulette was pretty cool too. However, all together, I would not return to this hotel... it just isn't worth the price.
4	Good buffet for only $17.99a lot of dessert selections, the pasta section was nice, small portion but great tasty...if you want a reasonable buffet, this may be a good place?!
4	CHEAP, recently renovated rooms, white sheets, comfy beds, close to the mall and hottest hotels; not many good food options in the hotel though.
4	You always take a gamble when you stay in a hotel/casino you have never even been to before (yes, pun intended). I would say that I definitely came out a winner this time around!!My sister just turned 21, so it was obviously necessary for me to take her to Vegas. Luckily my mom and my sisters best gal pal agreed. So we embarked on an adventure that I guarantee can not possibly be duplicated, but we were more than impressed with the accommodations we called 'home' for three nights.I love my bed. We have had a wonderful, committed relationship for the past five years. Sure, I've slept around but I always knew I was coming back home to you. It was a close call this time... I didn't want to leave and I definitely spent more time sleeping than I should have. But I couldn't tear myself away! The bed was just so damn comfortable and the linens were so soft and luxurious!Now, I wasn't really a fan of the restaurants they had there but they did have a cool bar called Kahunaville with a station outside by the pool. We got these huge huge huge drinks (three of us had to share) and I would say we had a pretty nice time relaxing by the pool. Not the coolest pool in the world, but it served its purpose and we found four lounge chairs next to one another.Good location. The price was outstanding! We ended up paying like $80 per night. The rooms really were very nice, the bathrooms were huge (although there was no blow dryer in the room) and when our Ipod docking station wasn't working very well, we called down to room service and they brought us a new one within the hour.Great value, amazing bed... if I can muster up the will to go to Vegas again, I will certainly be back to share another night of bliss with the amazing bed.
4	Wow, wow, wow! Just got back from Vegas and sure I feel like I'm on my deathbed.. but thank God for our hotel rooms at TI!!!! I stayed there from July 28-August 1. 5 girls split amongst two conjoining rooms... it was awesome.. we didn't have the best view but we enjoyed it regardless.. could see Encore & Wynn.. and the city.. to us it was most important to have two joining rooms. Now we ended up seeing a LOT of hotel rooms on the strip (due to room parties) and I must say the rooms in TI suited us SO well. Our room was always BRIGHT, in the evening there was more than enough light to ensure a bright space. I loved the furnishings, very modern, without trying too hard. The bedding & beds are unbelievably comfortable! The bathroom was nice and big.. enough counter space, and the extra makeup mirror was excellent! There also was enough light and space in the room to set up a second vanity! The size of the room was great, as well, the two beds are well spaced out from each other. The room comes with a safe.. it barely fit my macbook (13inch).. this is of concern.. if i had anything bigger i wouldnt have been able to store it. The hair dryer was awesome! I have thick long hair and all 5 of us forgot to bring a blowdryer and the in room one worked just fine. Due to the excessive heat we spent a LOT of time in our room, predrinking, getting ready etc. As for the hotel itself.. it wasn't too big which is kinda nice... we saw the mystere show (free tickets with room booking) it was AWESOME! i recommend going even if u have to buy your ticket. We ate at Pho.. cheap and filling, as well at the coffee shop.. we just LOVED the cheeseburgers w/bluecheese of course. We're from Canada.. so we found the restaurants to be extremely cheap! The bar @ the casino is pretty good, Dee made us the best tequila shots i've ever had! for a great price too! 5 shots for under $35!!! (i've paid way more at our local bars here in canada!) She was awesome! The pool was small... we only checked it out on a Tuesday... not that many people there but felt crowded.. you could over hear others talkin about you and hard to miss the dirty stares.. I cant even imagine what it'd be like on the weekends! There seemed to be more than enough loungers though. Location is awesome! We partied @ Tao so it was just a walk over the bridge, as well, across the street at casino royal (?) you can find $1 margaritas (life savers in the heat) andd. don't forget the walgreens! So close! .. TI also connects right to Fashion Show mall (another plus!). We did check out the Ed Hardy club.. looked pretty cool but absolutely dead on Thursday night.. bouncer told us its better on Friday/Saturday but we had table reservations else where... on that note the staff is pretty good.. have no complaints.Group demographics: 5 friends 21/22.. we were on a pretty tight budget...... we didn't want to go super cheap and TI was absolutely perfect for our budget and we got way more than what we paid for. -- uncool factor: no free internet. come on it's 2009. stop ripping us off for internet! tip: no fridge, we cleaned out our waste can (which was stainless steel) and filled them with ice to keep our drinks cold. worked quite well.
4	With business down, it's become quite easy to get a decent hotel in Vegas lately. We got our room for $59/night. Great deal in that regard, but this place rates 4 stars because:The reception staff is the nicest I had in a long while - including more up-scale and much more expensive hotels. We got in late (I won't get into the 90 minute wait the geniuses at Budget car rental put us through...) and there were no more non-smoking kings. The nice lady at the counter put us in a 34th floor corner room with strip view and told us "call down immediately if it smells too funky in there." When we got up, it was fine and didn't smell smoky. The rooms are not huge, but it was newly remodeled and quite lovely. The beds are super comfy and the floor-to-ceiling views (including full view of the night show) was fantastic.
4	After a major screw up by me, booking the room for the 22nd and driving up to Vegas on the 21st, it was not until I hit state line when The Jennifer mentioned today is the "21st" until it dawned on me that we have no room and no place to stay unless I want to us to shack up with my buddy and his new found girlfriend. Not likely...I called the front desk and explained to them what had happened and they said they can't switch my date. I used my salesman skills and talked my way into the switch with terms like : I know you can really use my business, look at my account, look at my points, I have always had a great experience here, etc, etc, and walla! I got us the room but had to pay the difference; fair enough. When we checked in, we even got a corner room with dual windows!! Only problem during our trip was when housekeeping took the floor mat in the bathroom, leaving the bathroom with no floor mat so when you come out of the shower; water is everywhere. So we called housekeeping and they did manage to bring one up - half hour later. It was a small issue, the room was clean and nice. It rained so we can't use the pool since they closed it because of thunderstorm. TI is always a good value and is close to everything. TIPS: If you stay at the Hotel, you get VIP standing for the Sirens show if you want to see some of the hot chics in Fish Nets bellow out some cheesy pirate lyrics. Also, the Video Black Jack and Video Roulette does not give points on the gaming card...WTF is up with that??
2	Never stayed here, but this review is for the Pirate show I saw last year.It was all going good until an announcement  came on and said something like 'Due to reasons beyond our control, the show has been canceled'. The actors stopped what they were doing and just walked off the set....No apology or nothing! At least the show was free!!
4	Great hotel, stayed here many times.  Clean room and bathroom, comfy bed and awesome a/c, i love a really cold room.  Get a nice view of the strip if you stay in the rooms facing it.  The casino isn't bad either, not the best one for "wow" factor but it's there if you're interested.  Have pirate show during the night outside at the pirate ship, although a few times I was there they shut down the show to come up with something new or they were remodeling the ship so I only got to see it twice.  Also, I really like this place because they gave me FREE TICKETS to shows on the strip.  Shows like Cirque de soleil, one of the magic shows, which sadly I didn't go b/c of time conflict.  And the tickets were all for the day of our choosing.Probably the best part is overall the rate isn't all that bad for Vegas hotel on the strip.  Granted if you come when there are special events like NASCAR, the rate might be higher but I been able to get deals on the rooms every time I been here.
4	The Treasure Island has undergone quite a few changes in the last few years. The hotel has gone from campy, pirate, family-friendly to sexy vamp. The pool area is smaller than the normal resort pool but the music is loud and fun. The beds are pillow-tops of heaven. The rooms are clean and remodeled. Upon check-in the front desk gave me the option of a room on a higher floor with a view for the same rate. I was also able to request a 3rd bed for my room for no additional cost.
5	TI is a nice hotel. The rooms were very clean and the bed is very comfy. The bathroom was also decorated very nice to. The strip view was also great. The show at the ship is hussys not for familys. The restaurants in TI are ok. The christian Audiger night club your able to get in for free if your staying at the hotel an can get free drinks from 10-1am if your a girl an talk to the promoter standing at the front of the club at 5pm. Great hotel would stay there again.
5	Loved this hotel! Check in was a breeze! We had a view of the strip and the pool area. The rooms were very nice and modern. We had a problem with the IPOD deck but I called downstairs and they brought one up promptly. The casino area wasn't hella big nor was it small. It was just right for me :). They had a bridge type thing that connects you to the Fashion Show Mall. It is outside and it was burning up but it wasn't to bad. The beds were so comfy, I wish my bed was that nice lol. Everything was clean and nice. Price wise: I got our hotel on a promotion deal they were having but I don't think their hotel is that expensive even without the deal I received. However, if they cont to have deals like that, they will see me every year I'm in Vegas lol! Overall, def will stay here again! I want to try out Cesar's Palace or MGM just to see what the other hotels are like but I def recommend TI.
2	Why do you punish us with that new pirate show? Yeah, it's a siren song all right, my earwax melted, my drums popped, and I've never prayed for death before... but I did  a little shout out to Jesus about 2.43 seconds into this 'pirate' show.
5	Vegas Trip 11AMI love this hotel. I will never stay anywhere else. We pulled our car in and enter the bag boys always want to help...LOL..If you tip...Did not have a lot of bag so we carried our own stuff..Check in line was not long but we did not go to that line we line up where it say's invited guest because that is what we are in this place always invited and always comp room. YES COMP ROOM....We get a phone call almost every month getting invites on when are we coming back which is almost monthly always staying one day only but on this trip we stayed for 3 days. We decided to gamble early because when it get's busy here it get's busy so hard to get a table to play that is why we end up playing in the high roller sometimes just so we get some play time. minimum $100.00 per bet per table. Did i lose any money YES on the first 15 mins. i am already asking the pit boss for a refill... DAMN my bill will be high this time but guess what i do not care LOL...gambled for about 2 hours and it is time to eat again...Vegas does this to me always hungry and always eating always gambling. Got a phone call from my peeps im suppose to meet up with and they decided to go to this asian bufffet located in rainbow blvd called BUFFET@ASIAN II. This would be on my next review...
4	I'll use this review to rate the hotel/casino proper.Treasure Island, or, TI as it's called now, is a pretty good hotel in Vegas. not the best, but certainly not the worst. it's definitely geared towards the 20- and 30-something crowd, and is shaking off its once family-based friendly pirate theme. arrrrrgh, matey!the rooms are fairly standard - no fridge, but the bathroom is big. we had a 32nd floor room, with a view directly above the pirate ship.speaking of which, the Sirens show has strippers, pirates, and explosions. it's like if Michael Bay did "Pirates of the Caribbean" as a live theater show. in other words, AWESOME.the bed...holy crap, I don't think I've slept in a better bed in any hotel ever before! I passed right out each night (that may also have been partially due to lots of partying, but I didn't wake up once during each night).guests at the hotel get coupons to the shop, the restaurants, VIP passes to the Sirens show, and free access to the Christian Audiger club.one last thing, the location is awesome - a majority of the hotels are right nearby (okay, "right nearby" in Strip terms means a 10-15 minute walk).kudos for having an easy-to-navigate layout compared to the other hotels. this is a much appreciated fact when it's 6:30 AM and you are stumbling back, completely twisted on drinks.I'd stay again!
5	I really really liked this hotel a lot.I had trouble deciding between the Mirage, where our friends were staying and TI, where I found a special for $80 less a night.My gut is usually never wrong and this case was definitely no different.Our view out the window of the strip was incredible. We saw it light up all the way down each night and it was way cooler to look at then to be around. (:I loved our room. It had the most comfortable hotel bed with the best pillows and linens EVER. The blankets weighed 552 pounds and crushed you to death when you laid under them and it was excellent!The TI Wet Spa products were also really nice. Smelled amazing.The fact that there is a tram over to the Mirage proved to definitely be an extreme score with how often we were going back and forth between rooms.The casino part is honestly just like every other I believe. I didnt care to spend too much time around the smoke and money pit foolishness.We didnt get to see the full Siren show because we were a little behind at life but overall, the hotel is the only thing about Vegas that didnt disappoint me at all. (:
4	Have any of you even BEEN to the other shitty hotels on The Strip??? TI isn't so bad and I'm happy to say it's a pretty good place for families considering almost my entire extended family stayed here for a wedding. It was easy to find them and to find places to eat, the pool is somewhat kid friendly (but definitely earlier in the day), and gambling is a breeze. The rooms are clean and modern now that TI has been remodeled. It's also really quick to get your car back from valet and some places take forever. I also like that the casino floor isn't a giant maze or jungle and it's easy to navigate.
3	Treasure Island PoolTreasure Island pool has changed since I last was there two years ago.  T.I.'s pool used to be a semi-quiet and relaxing pool to hang out at to recoup from the night or morning before.   That's not the case anymore, well not for this past weekend (18th-20th Sep 09).  They had a DJ kicking out tunes which really set the tone for pool...party central.  And a party it was!  The pool area is small compared to other pools and was packed by 2 pm and turned into a floating dance floor with everyone grinding, drinking, and celebrating.  What were they celebrating?  There were bachelor, bachelorette, 21st birthday, and even divorce parties cutting lose.  There were guy and girl dance competitions, Hula Hoop contests, and other silly antics.  I recommend for drinks to stick to bucks of beer (a.k.a buckets of beer) which have ice to keep them cold poolside (6 beers $42).  For mixed drinks I recommend the medium tube glasses at $18 each because the smaller cups ($9) melt too quickly and the yard sticks seemed bulky.  If you are with a group I recommend reserving a cabana (#8) which will allow you a place to sun your buns and grab some shade when you need it.  There are two chairs and three lounge chairs with each cabana.  Plus your cabana comes with a flat LCD screen to watch some sports games.Prices:Monday - Thursday / $175.00Friday - Sunday (except holidays) / $200.00Half day prices may be available.Cabana Times:Daily / 9:00am - 6:00pmThis wasn't the Wet Republic (MGM Grand) but it was a GREAT time nevertheless!__________________Treasure Island CasinoTreasure Island casino is a GREAT place to stay on the strip.  Nice rooms, friendly staff, and great amenities (shows, gym, clubs, pool, and restaurants).  Somewhat centrally located and can get to most other attraction and casinos easily.  I would like to say it pays to be a player's club patron because the comps are excellent.  This stay 18th - 20th Sep my room was free, received $355 in player's reward cash (slots), VIP club passes, and was offered buy one get one free mystique show tickets.The downside of this was in the terms of the gambling.  I used the $355 in player's reward cash (slots) to win a little over $200 in actual cash.  I blew through that and my original $50 in less than 40 minutes.  I went to several different machines of different bets (.25, .50, and $1) and could not get more than cherries (6 credits) or odd combination bars (15 credits).  So I quit for the night.  The next evening I tried again and blew $60 just as fast.  Yes I know slots are casino's bread and butter and you'll lose 9 times out of ten, but I normally will play for several hours going back and forth winning and losing and having fun and slowly putting more money in as I go.  But the slots were tighter than a frog's watertight ass.  Last time I was here I saw individuals winning $10k, $2.5K, and $1.2k, not  a single person I saw won.  This time I saw a guy get up from a slot machine and reminded him his player's card was in the machine and he said they can keep it along with his money (ouch).  Like him I wasn't having fun so I didn't gamble.  I normally blow $900+ a trip but only lost $110 of my own cash.  Actually came back with $1.4K of the $1.6K I brought.So stick to the tables or hang out at the pool (that is what I did 6 hours a day).
4	Last trip Dallas G and I decided to do a quick trip to hang with Richard Z for a couple of days. Treasure Island had the best rates in the area of the strip we wanted to stay in. Plus we had never stayed here and we wanted to give it a shot. Pleasantly surprised. The room was very nice, with the most comfortable bed of any hotel I have stayed in. The bathroom was big and clean. Shower didn't have a curtain, which is worth 2 stars alone. We have gambled here a few times. The craps can be found for cheap and the dealers may even lower the table minimum if there is no action. Walked away one night $250 up on a $5 table. It was rad. Plus, the dealers were fun which is always a bonus. There are no eateries to write home about. There used to be a sushi place called Social House, but it closed. Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking for somewhere to stay.
4	yayy i won monies here! it's kinda funny because you'd think Treasure Island or "ti" which is i think they're new marketing renewal gimmick now, would be more pirate themed. Like there should be pirate stuff everywhere. But there isn't? How am I supposed to feel like a swashbuckling vagabond invading the blackjack tables when i can't get my pirate ambiance on?Best Part: I'm playing that wheel spinny thing where u bet on if it ends on 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 40 (not roulette) and me and my friends starting shooting spirit fingers at the wheel as it's spinning and the old lady dealer totally did it with us. then she even switched it up into drawing clockwise and counter clockwise circles in the air with her arms. And we copied her. It was great. We shared a moment.
4	I had an amazing experience at TI. Why???+the pool and (warm) jacuzzi felt so relaxing+located near xs and tao (the party spots for the weekend)+the nicest beds everrrrrr -- I think it was like...10000000 threadcount sheets. like velvet! +huge bathroom with plenty of mirror and counter space for prepping+iron, iron board, hair blow dryer, mini safe in your closet+flat screen tv/computer+let us check out a little later since we got there late+ben and jerrys and starbucks was located downstairs +got wristband for open bar (well drinks) to Christian Audiger until 1amBUT I gotta minus one star because...-no bathroom vent (hot showers=steam=blech)-no fridge or coffee maker -no cable -our view sucked -jacuzzi could've been hotter -they never give enough towels -one receptionist worker laughed in our faces when we asked about coupon books for the stripI definitely would not mind staying here again on my next trip!!
4	TI had great rates the weekend I was going to be in town for the Mariah Carey concert at the Palms. The rooms are updated and comfortable and the location of the hotel was almost perfect for the things we had planned. Across the street from TI are The Venetian and The Palazzo where the nightclubs Tao and Lavo are located. So when we partied we just had to cross the street and ta-da, we're at the club. 2 stars are just for the fact that Kahunaville is located inside TI. Kahunaville is becoming my favorite bar in Vegas. Also conveniently located in TI is a Starbucks, for that morning pick me up. My only complaint would be that their slots sucked. They weren't loose by any means. Usually I can come up a little on the slots but not at TI.
4	Only stayed here once, but I'm definitely a fan. Stayed in a petite suite. Great view, giant his/hers bathrooms and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in while in Vegas. Can't beat the center strip location either. I'll definitely be back!
5	I debated giving the hotel 4 stars just because of how amazingly crappy the free Sirens show is, but the other aspects of the place won me over enough to squeak in the extra star.  I came into the hotel not expecting a whole lot but got a whole lot.  I'll break it down into sections:Staff - The staff were very friendly and helpful from the check-in guy who upsold us to a suite for $50 more a night (which was well worth it, more on that later) to the room service guy who brought us our dinner one night and our free champagne the next night).  Accomodations - We upgraded to a suite which had two bathrooms (one with an uber-deep jacuzzi tub and one with an awesome shower) which was well worth the extra $50 a night.  The bed and linens were amazing.  When checking in, ask for a strip view and clarify you want a view on the pool side and not the Sirens side.  We also had family staying in a non-suite which we visted and had the same great beds and linens and a very nice bathroom with a deep tub.Casino - Pretty standard fare.  Good amounts of slots and table games.  $5 blackjack during non-prime times, $10-15 minimum during peak hours.Food - Loved the buffet and room service from The Coffee Shop was great (try the malted milk cake...delicious and only $7).  The deli/sandwich place was overpriced and under-delivered.Extras - The Starbucks was easily accessible.  The tram to the Mirage was great, although it's only a short walk.  The Sirens show was embarassingly bad.  Not "this is so bad you have to see it" bad, but just "I kind of wish I had a sharp object to stab in my eyes and ears" bad.  Zero entertainment value to it....it's too risque for kids but then not risque enough for the 20-30ish crowd they're trying to attract.  Not sure it really has anything to offer to anyone.  Also, Mystere is performed here...a good all-around show that's not heavy on the wallet.Overall, I loved this place.  It's located higher up on the strip near the more upper-end casinos and is only a $15 cab ride to the hotels on the south end of the strip.  I'll stay here again for sure.
5	Wow!!! I cant believe how impressed I was with Treasure Island. I booked our room 4 months in advance for $55/$95 a night for Thursday/Friday. Not even  the Excalibur was that cheap.I was really nervous to stay at T.I. i have only stayed at the Venetian and Mandalay Bay, so I have been a little spoiled. We checked in on a thursday night, very short line, took maybe 5 minutes. The room was very clean, the beds are soooo nice, the room is pretty small though. We didnt pay for a strip view but we ended up getting a view of the wynn.The first 5 minutes one of the girls won 500 bucks on a penny machine! nice!Never a line for a taxi which is a bonus, the pool is small but it looked nice. I was sooo suprised how wonderful TI was. I would stay here again in a heartbeat
4	TI is not the hippest, most happening hotel on the Strip. But sometimes, for some people, that can be a good thing. If you want to be in the middle of a million people anytime you step outside your hotel room, if you must have a gazillion restaurants right at your doorstep, and if you don't mind being sequestered at the far end of the Strip and waiting 15 minutes in the taxi line any time you want to go anywhere, go stay at the MGM Grand.  As for TI, the location in mid-strip is extremely convenient and is probably one of the best things about the hotel. Parking is plentiful and free. The hotel is lively but not out of control; busy but not overwhelmed with people. Our petite suite was very nice and blessedly and remarkably quiet, even though the suites are right near the 'vators, and we enjoyed the jacuzzi tub and the large shower. (Not as luxurious as the Venetian suites, but much cheaper, too.) The clients at TI run the gamut from business folks to older folks to younger people looking to party and families. It seems like a good mix, nothing too wild but not staid and boring either.I wasn't impressed by the food in the hotel. The brunch buffet was pretty bad. The Italian restaurant was just OK. The upscale Asian place upstairs has decent, if pricey, food and a wonderful outdoor patio, complete w/a view of the Strip and the pirate-ship-portion of the crappy Britneyesque Sirens show. But the Pho restaurant was terrific - and a big bowl of Vietnamese chicken noodle soup is awesome after imbibing.The other disappointment was the pool. We should have taken the tram over to the Mirage hotel pool, but we were lazy. The TI pool is small and at certain hours becomes party central, complete with really loud booming music and lots of drunk people waving around enormous drinks. Next time, we may try the Wynn hotel - it looks really nice and has lots of trees and greenery on the property. Wynn is very close to TI.
3	I'm kind of a professional hotel-goer these days. I was very dissapointed in TI. The difference between a 4 star and a 5 star just seem to be too broad. Here is a helpful list. I am a mature Yelper now and won't waste time telling you a deeply personal story. Just figure it out. Pros:1. The bed was awesome. 2. The location is great, but make sure you cross at Mirage if you are walking down the strip or you will be stuck walking all the way through Wynn. I learned that the hard way while wearing tights in 90 degree weather. Not pretty.3. It's not a huge labyrinthian layout that will make you get lost.Cons:1. Being a hotwire user, we are pretty much hated by all hotel industry. I always get the shittiest, crappiest rooms when using hotwire or priceline. Sorry I don't want to pay your excessively overinflated fees. Our room faced the god-awful Sirens show and when that wasn't going on, was really dark. it was very New York. 2. Lame, no name products in the bathroom. Something called "WET" which just sounds unpleasant. At least Palms, another mediocre 4-star, had Aveda. 3. The goddamn resort fee they make you pay. And for what, exactly? Not even a USA Today or coffee-maker in the room. I probably won't stay here again. Lesson learned: either pay less and stay somewhere cheesy that is upfront about its lack of luxury like Excalibur or do it up at a 5 star. Or stay at MGM at all costs.
4	Treasure Island, also known as the TI, has been around for a while.  Located at the north end of the Strip, TI is sandwiched between the Fashion Show Mall and The Mirage Hotel and Casino.  It across from The Venetian and Wynn.Since the remodel a few years back, all of the restaurants and clubs have changed and are much better/higher rated than they used to be.  On a recent visit, I noticed that the Christian Audigier club is located where Tangerine used to be.  There is everything from high-end steakhouses to Starbucks coffee on-property.Cirque du Soleil has a show at TI, which is Mystere.  There is also the Sirens of TI show, which is free nightly, and headline acts that perform like Bill Cosby and LeAnn Rimes.I have had a few funny experiences on this property over the years.  I have nothing bad to say other than I do not visit often because I am usually across the street at one of the aforementioned casinos.  Definitely worth a visit, whether you are staying there or not.
1	Wow.  I am totally surprised to see this place has more than 2 stars.  Aside from being one of the cheapest places on the strip, I really do not see the pull for this place.The updated rooms are ok, but the bed was one of those beds that I can feel it every time my wife flinches.  The whole place smelled like the carpet was flooded and not cleaned properly.Here is my biggest beef of all; we paid for the room and got 2 free tickets to Mystere.  We went to the will call to pick them up, and were told to get confirmation from the front desk.  The other couple that were there had our print-out, and the front only referred me to another useless employee.  We were the 4th couple that day to be stiffed on their "promo."I expect to receive no more sympathy, and would not stay there if it were free.  The other couples said the same, and they have stayed there for the past 5 years.  I guess they lost a lot when the management/owners changed.Avoid it. Spend a few more a night, and stay across the street.
4	Stayed here on my last trip to Vegas. The rooms are nice, and it is not very expensive to stay here. I would consider satying here again.
2	booked the place. they put us on the last room before they remodeled entire hotel. find out the last day. wasn't pleasant experience
2	Pirate show is great...Well, it's great if you have kids.No, I don't have kids.
3	Very nice location! Right next to Mirage, Venetian, and Wynn..where all the best clubs are! It's also the cheapest of them all! Two nights for only about $200!The only thing is..this is a very BASIC hotel. Don't expect to have a mini-fridge or concierge service..this place is very very basic. Otherwise, if you're on a low budget vacation this is the place to go. It's clean, it has running water, there's a bed..gets the job done! YEPPP!
4	Location: Great location, off the Strip, in walking distance from the popular clubs such as Tao and XS - across the street from Palazzo, Venezian, and Wynn, Encore, and Mirage. And if you forget to bring a toothbrush, Walgreens is across the way.Customer Service: The check in line was super long! However they did let us check in 3 hours early. ***Warning**** HIDDEN FEES! They also charged us a $20/day resort fee; this allows you to access the internet, print your boarding passes, use the fax machine? use the fitness room, get into Club Christian Audigier for free, VIP Access to the "Sirens of TI" show...I personally think the resort fee is ridiculous. This is Vegas...who has time to workout. When I'm in Vegas, I consume more calories from the alcohol and eating than burn them! Rumor has it that all the big hotels in Vegas charged a resort fee. The Delux Room: The good...My room was on the 34th floor. The view was awesome and it was right across the TRUMP tower. The bathroom was clean, the room was nice and for $119/ night, it was worth it. The bad...The housekeeper didn't pay attention and walked in unexpectedly. THANK GOD I had my clothes on ;). On top of that, I had problems checking through the tv. So I had to call the front desk to check out. Other than that...the room gets 4 stars. The "BUFFET": Went there for brunch and dinner. It was okay. I could tell that they don't change the menu often, because when I went there for dinner the next day, they served the same items during brunch the day before! My opinion: If you like variety, go to a different Buffet. Club "Christian Audigier": If you're paying for cover, you are just paying for the name. This club isn't "all that". I enjoyed the music, which was mainly hip hop and 90's. But I am also a house music fan and didn't hear any of it. I was lucky enough to get free drinks that night, however, the drinks weren't strong and I tasted more cranberry juice than vodka. I think I drank at least 5 gallons of cranberry juice that night. 5 stars for the hot bouncer working at the door (LMAO)Hmm..what else...Oh!...Kahunaville (Restaurant): If you receive a 20% off coupon from TI and you're on a tight budget, this restaurant isn't the spot. I thought it was expensive and the 20% off coupon isn't worth it!Overall opinion: If you're a procrastinator like me and need to book a hotel last minute, choose Treasure Island. Great rates for a person on budget, exceptional service, convenient location AND for the ladies, a great view of a hot bouncer at Club Christian Audigier! LOL.
3	after a month vacation from yelp.i have 32 draft reviews. oh my!today, i shall publish 1 out of 32...starting with TI the hotel and casino with outrageous hidden resort fees.for some reason this hotel is the only one we ever experienced in las vegas with a long line when you go through the check in process. although the staffs are helpful and friendly, a star is dropped when we were informed of a almost 21 dollars per day resort fee at the front desk. such fee was no where to be found on hotwire when you book the hotel. 21 dollars a day? what exactly is that really? didn't even come with free wifi or anything. supposedly it comes with some sort of internet service with free printing... but i didn't even know where the business center is... and didn't need to use the internet or print anything either...including the hidden fees, my total cost was only 25 dollars less than the time i stayed at the wynn. i won't be staying at TI for sure next time.asides from the bad surprises at the front desk. the room was pretty nice and roomy, we were on the 21st floor overlooking palazzo and the wynn. the hotel is also located at a prime north vegas strip location right next to the fashion mall and maggiano's.no frig in the room though, which is a bummer.overall it was an ok experience here mostly due to the fact of the hidden fees.
2	negative thoughts:check in about an hour, on a friday night... shouldnt they know to staff up? duh. the casino was kinda dead, and kinda ghetto. positive thoughts:the rooms seemed redone. new big bathroom, big tub. flat screen tv mounted on the wall. comfy big beds and comfy sheets. location was good- right in the middle of the malls, right in the middle of all the new hotels. but i probably would not stay here again. this hotel is probably one of the older hotels.
4	Love love LOVE the beds here at Treasure Island and for the price you pay it's actually one of the best places mid-strip for convenient access to everything you want and more. If I decided not to ball out on a trip to Vegas this and Paris would be my two places that I would love to stay. The hotel itself is classy but has a nice atmosphere that's half themed, half not. The pirates show in the front is a nice little touch about five times a night and the casino is quite a happening place despite the fact that when I was here I did not find any $5 tables ... although the economy may have changed that recently. The rooms have sort of a grey-ish theme to them and the beds are so comfortable you never want to get out of them. They're decently sized and the view is okay for the price you pay. The showers are wonderful and everything about the room and the service is just pleasant. It really gives you a nice escape from the busy bustle of Las Vegas but puts you right back there down the elevator if you need another whiff. I am especially a huge fan of their 24/7 cafe because they serve the best fried chicken! I know this is so weird but I actually crave their spicy chicken wings when I go because they make them unique without any sauce and they're spicy and delicious! Definitely was very happy with my stay here.
1	These guys messed everything up during a recent trip. Reservations, arriving and leaving dates etc.  The people out front were horrible in attitude and plain rude.  I will never stay at TI again when I go to Pubcon - from now on ... its all about the Wynn ..... nuff said - don't want to get my blood boiling again - oh yea and they charged me for Internet THAT I DIDN'T USE!!!!!  Still haven't reversed the charges...... (like a pirate - no pun intended -- GRRRRRRRRR)
3	I would give TI a better review if the casino area was better.  I understand the Hotel/Casino is undergoing many changes (TI  has a new owner as of Jan 2009) and I will be excited to see the final outcome of these changes the next time I am in town.  But for now, a 3-star rating is the best I can give.Our room was absolutely great.  The whole floor appeared to have been recently remodeled.  The view from the room included the fun of the strip and the beauty of the red rocks to the West.  The bed was a dream with comfie mattress and covers.  The restaurant in the Casino--Isla--was very good!  Seafood enchiladas, yummmmm.  Also the Lemon Drop at the bar--made by  Augie--was perfect.Hopefully the spa will open soon.  We were directed over to the Trump for spa services and it was not a good experience.  Do not go there.There is a tram that goes over to the Mirage and a pedestrian walkway from TI straight over to the Fashion Show Mall.The Coffee Shop food was okay, but a little pricey.
3	My fiance, Joe, and I were coming to Vegas for a mini-vaca and were looking for good deals.  He saw one at TI and booked.  I will admit I was a little apprehensive cause they have that horrible Siren show playing in front of the hotel.  To my surprise the new owner has overhauled the hotel and done some re branding.  The rooms were very nice and our room overlooked the strip.  Joe loved the king sized bed and large pillows.  And lucky for us the Siren show was closed for remodeling. The major draw back of this hotel is the large check in line as mentioned in other reviews.  But if you are looking for a deal and to be near Mirage, Venetian, and Palazzo then its worth it.
1	Cancelled my reservation after getting a confirmation email that they charge a $20 "resort fee" HA HA HA.
4	I was pleasantly surprised that the interior of the hotel rooms were very new.  The bathroom especially didn't feel old and moldy.  Maybe it's been remodeled, in which case, I think deserved points.The staff was really courteous.  Best of all, it's across from Wynn and the mall, so the location is awesome!
4	I was very happy with Treasure Island.  As my yelper friends know, I did get married here and this was my first time staying at the hotel.  Check in was a breeze and we were upgraded to a view.  The hotel is laid out well, you don't have to walk a bunch through the casino to get to your rooms (one of my pet peeves).  I thought the room was very nice.  They have recently remodeled and I liked the modern look they added.  Very clean, no problems, even checked out late because there was no way I was getting out of bed at 11.  I would definitely stay again for the great price that we paid.  A lot of the properties are offering a 3rd night free! UFC fans:  They show the fights a Kahunaville!!!
4	The Suite was great!His and Her Bathrooms :) (whirlpool tub)double doors.large king size bed (very comfy)checking in was simple and had no hassles whatsoever. everything was good and had no problems the duration of my stay.their buff et is one of my favorites, so yay for champagne brunch!the pool area was a disappointment though... i imagined it to be much larger with more pool space and more lounge chairs or cabanas.i hope they decide to expand it in the future.also, if you're a gambler, the casino was kinda lonely looking.but still a fun place to hang out at! :)
4	Stayed here with one of my best friends in Nov.  We weren't expecting much b/c we got such a great deal but the room was very nice!  We unfortunately got the side of the hotel facing Trump casino.  The casino was a good time for a low key vegas trip!
4	We stayed 12-27-12-30 and were in a petite suite.  It was a great deal with 30% off because we stayed three nights, at check-in (the line was long, but seemed to move pretty steadily) we were upgraded to a nice strip view room on a higher floor.  We had a great view and a peek at the Bellagio fountains.  The room was nice with two bathrooms, whirlpool tub and big comfy bed.  My wife got a manicure and pedicure from the newly remodeled spa and she said it was nice, although they had only been open one day.  The staff was helpful and attentive.  We would definitely go back, especially when there are great deals on rooms.
2	Sorry to say but I will not be giving my business to TI in the future now that it is under new management.While there are great reviews about TI on Yelp, my experience leaves me rather disappointed. It should be noted that I visit Las Vegas regularly and I know what level of service to expect from a major resort.My party and I arrived to find an hour long line at checkin which the hotel was not staffed properly for and when checking in, the hotel did not have the room type booked available and suggested that a rollaway cot can be delivered to the room in 60-90 minutes.The mandatory resort fee included perks that simply weren't available such as VIP access to the Sirens show which I didn't care for it but don't advertise it as a perk if you are not prepared to deliver.Our original reservation had us staying two nights and when we decided to inquire whether a third night stay is possible and what rate would be extended to us, the reservation agent simply stated $199/night. Now, I have been in Vegas enough to know that rack rates are a bunch of bull, especially on a Sunday night during Christmas. I asked again if there is anything they could do on the rate and the agent again stated no.I took my business across the street to the Venetian at $208/night and if you have stayed at the Venetian, you know there's a world of difference there. Fast, courteous service from the Venetian but not TI.
5	Awesome location on the strip. Modern rooms. Great crowd.
3	We stayed at TI for our 4th and final night in Vegas this past trip. We had stayed there for a few days last year and really loved it. However, with the changes in ownership and associated issues with that, the only thing that remained consistent about our stay here was the incredible bed. I swear it makes me want to lounge in bed all day! The new owners kicked out my favorite restaurant (Social House) as well as changing several other restaurants and the spa. Check in took over an hour, which is ridiculous. Slots were outdated. The poker room is decent, and they have 4 $50 tournys a day.
3	the beds are comfy and there's even a pho restaurant for all you hung over people= ] only sucky thing is that they secretly charge you a gay 20$ fee for internet access PER day. and the internet connection also sucks ass. the rooms are pretty cute and our view was really nice but the room itself is a little small. there's not many attractions inside the hotel either. room service food kinda sucks. 13$ chicken noodle soup that didn't cure a hangover=\ overall, treasure island is a great place to stay but it's a tiny bit far from the center of the strip. it is really close to walgreens though= ]
3	The Good:1. Location2. Decent size room with a nice view despite being a "Hotwire Customer". 3. Early check-in (10 am) - not a problem4. Late check-out (2 pm) - not a problemThe Bad:1. The so-called "Resort Fee" supposedly includes free Wi-Fi which does NOT work pretty much anywhere in the hotel. Plus, TI is NOT a resort so the whole thing is a rip-off2. Bathroom - no ventilator, no shower caps, no q-tips. Ugly old towels.3. TV - very small for the room size Overall, TI is a good budget choice with great location in the middle of the strip, but I doubt I'll ever stay here again.
4	Very affordable and comfortable room, is a very brief synopsis of TI.  The service was friendly and almost overly efficient.  We called the front desk for extra towels and toiletries and were sent a huge stack of towels and a heaping bag of every type of travel sized potion you can think of, enough for 3 of us to take home at least 2 of each kind.  The room had a great view and was within walking distance of all the attractions we wanted to visit.  Great place to shower and nap, as that is really all it was used for.
2	I've never been a huge fan of TI, and my last visit upholds that same feeling. From the outside, the place looks absolutely dead. When we got inside, it proved to be just that: dead. There wasn't much going on, not very many people out, but we found out they were having the Sirens of TI (the pirate show) in a few minutes, so we decided to hit that up.A lot of the doors that led out front were closed up, we thought it was because the show was starting soon. We got around the building back onto the strip to face the hotel, and we were disheartened. The entire area was drained of its water, rigging on the ships were coming apart, there was no show. Don't know why they didn't have the show, it was like this last time I had been there too, unfortunately.
2	The price was great at first glance but then they added a Resort Fee for such basics as Internet usage, gym usage, boarding pass printing, etc. On top of that, we later learned that some people get away with not paying this fee because they complain enough. What kind of ridiculous policy is this? I will never be back here again.
2	I know you can't fault a casino for taking all of your money. That's like punching a bottle of Beefeater because it made you drink it. However. Treasure Island not only took all of my blackjack money in the quickest series of hands I've ever seen but the dealers have zero personality. Zero. Zilch. Keine.I will happily hand you $60 if you entertain my pants off while dealing me twelve 14's in a row and I fold on every ... single ... one. I will dance and clap my hands like a stupid monkey while doing it. But since every single dealer at TI sat there like a corpse and didn't even talk or smile while sweeping away my hard-earned chips which I definitely didn't take out of my college tuition fund, then I simply won't enjoy it. Not a laugh or a joke or even a smile. Is Treasure Island owned by Disney? The card dealers are all animatronic. No. No. They're Dementors. They suck the very soul out of you, and there ain't even a cocktail waitress around to help ease the pain.TI, I rather don't like you at all.
4	I can't really complain about TI. My experiences here have been good. Room was decently sized with no complaints. Had a strip view and could easily view the ship show from the window. Tram to Mirage was a plus. I think TI (and Mirage) easily balance out price, quality and convenience (center of the strip).
5	I'm giving this five stars not because this is a five star resort but because of the phenomenal value of what we received when we stayed. Granted we stayed mid-week in probably the least busy time of the year in Vegas but wow - they upgraded us when we checked in (yes, we did wait for about 10 minutes to check in) and then they discounted a bunch of things...I'm embarrassed to say how little we paid - so I won't - but this is a really decent hotel in great spot on the Strip - I found the employees pleasant, the room nicely appointed, the beds super comfortable, Great view of the stip on a high floor (thanks to the upgrade.)  It was easy to manuever around in the hotel itself and easy to catch a cab outside.  No, it's not a five star resort but I give it five stars for value.
5	I've stayed at TI on several occasions. In fact, I go to Vegas for my birthday each year, and we always stay at Treasure Island. I honestly don't have one negative thing to say about it. So I will mention what I loved in detail:1.) The rates are insanely affordable (depending on the dates) for a four-star place on the Vegas strip. This is not the Tropicana or Circus Circus. But you get a clean, beautiful, and modern room for nearly the same price.2.) The rooms are always clean. Everything always works. The housekeeping is excellent. You can tell that the hotel was remodeled recently because the tile and decor in the bathrooms are gorgeous. I stayed in the petite suite one weekend and the spacious tub there is amazing. Don't get me started on the beds! SO comfortable. 3.) I LOVE the Coffee Shop. That's one of the cafe-type eateries located on the first floor of the hotel. The breakfast menu is the best part of the restaurant. I usually have the smoked salmon plate and they give you enough food for three people. Make sure to share the entrees.4.) The entertainment at the pool is fun. For instance, you can usually find the DJ either playing the latest music, or having people play games.5.) The check in and check out is effortless. Even if you run into a long line, the concierge make sure to have enough people working so the line passes by fast.In conclusion, TI rocks and those who were unhappy with their stay are insane nit pickers.
5	OK I have this thing were I refuse to write reviews about anything in Vegas especially since i've been there so many times I think i've been to everything and well that would just take up too much time to review every bar and hotel. HOWEVER, treasure island has never ceased to fail me. The first time I came to Vegas (legally) I checked into the T I with my friends, and from what I can remember it was a fun trip while staying here but as the years have passed something always drags me back. I've stayed at really nice hotels such as the Bellagio, The Wynn, Excalibur etc..even crappy ones such as the Luxor (ugh, which reminds me I should probably write a horrible review for them) But in between all of those trips I still manage to stay at TI when I can just because it's one of those hotels that aren't TOO fancy and definately not low end. They have this scent every time you walk in that really gets me (I dunno, I'm  a sucker for small things I guess) It smells like baby oil of some sort. The slot machines in there are really good if you're not TOO much into gambling like myself (I'll play like 25 cent blackjack all night) .Customer service there is great. I'll never forget the time my friend and I were super wasted when we got to our hotel that we got into our pj's and next thing I know I'm locked out of the room and she's passed out- and I'm literally in a little black nightie, so I have to go all the way downstairs like 16 levels in an elevator and through the casino (and of course there were kids everywhere for some wedding so i'm stuck in the elevator with some 13 year old starring at me up and down) so then I go and ask customer service in this teeny little black dress to please give me a key since the hotel wasn't even in my name! I think they just felt sorry for me and let me in while holding in their laughs, but either way it was nice of them cause it was so embarrassing. Oh, and if it's your birthday tell them when you check in and they will send you a free bottle of champagne up to your room. They also have a buncha goodie buy 1 drink get 1 free coupons when you check in. The club there is really lame though, I mean for one its owned by that Ed Hardy guy, Christian Audigier so that says it all already...but since we got in free being hotel guests and all we gave it a shot, it's definately a place to be if you want to be surrounded by a buncha tools. Oh and the bartender was extremely rude. But besides that TI is a perfect hotel to stay at, and this is coming from a girl who's been to em all.OH and that new $20 resort fee is bull, yes, but EVERY hotel does it not just TI... its a new Vegas rule now which is lame I know, but someone told me that if enough people complain about it then they are gonna get rid of it. So complain at the front desk about it when they mention it at the end! Throw a hissy fit. But then apologize and say it's not their fault cause TI employees are super sweet but the new Vegas rule is just BS.
5	I absolutely loved my stay here! We were in this hotel from Dec 10th-12th. The front desk upgraded us from a Petite Suite to an Executive Suite since we checked in late (though I don't think 7pm was that late). No complaints at all! The room was spectacular and was located right off the elevator! The bed was the softest I've ever slept on, the living room has a comfortable couch, and did I mention the two LCD TVs hung up on the walls? There were two bathrooms - one with a shower and the other with a jet stream bathtub and makeup counter. Of course, I would notice such a thing being that I am a girl. Haha. Of course, everything was contemporary but not to the point of discomfort. Yes, there was a resort feet, but we were on vacation so what's another $20/day? Internet access, access to the gym, and whatever else it came with.I passed on going to the Christian A nightclub since it did not seem like the friendly, welcoming club I'm used to. The guest services desk was great, but could not give us the discounted rate for an extra night's stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you plan on being in your room.
5	I dont know what everyone is freaking about... the resort fees- everyone on the strip, or almost everyone has them. they cover the wifi, the newspaper, water bottles in the room, 20 dollars off your next stay vip passes to the sirens show and to the ed hardy themed club or whatever it is.., etc.... basic things. When I complained about it to the supervisor- because last time i stayed i didn't pay (they just passe this on Oct 1st) she gave me 2 breakfasts for me and my husband for our upcoming trip and bumped us up for free to the petite suite again like we had for our honeymoon, and paid under 400 for that with taxes, fees and all that for 4 nights.I think Isla is a great place, a little pricey but worth it. The casino itself to me was a bit small, but the view we had with our room in October was amazing and had a great strip view. WE saw the mystere too, which was ok- if anyone saw knocked up, its the show they saw in that.overall, we cant wait to come back in Aug for my husbands birthday. Another plus noon checkout, and if you call they bump it to 1. a great bonus on top of the remodeled rooms and BEST beds Ive ever slept on.
4	Love the room, great rates, and the pool doesn't get too crazy...
5	My husband and I stayed here for your 2 year anniversary last year. I must say that we got a pretty good deal (only $59 a night!). With prices like that I didn't expect a gorgeous room and exceptional service. However, I was wrong! Our room was really nice and really clean! Our bed was really comfortable. We slept like babies. What i really like about this hotel is their location. It is basically in the middle of the strip right across from the venetian. There daily Siren show is really good too. We were able to see the fireworks from our room. This hotel also has a really nice Buffet with a great selection of food. I would definitely stay here if you are trying to save a little money when visiting Vegas.
3	We stayed at Treasure Island this past weekend for $88/per night (before the $20/day resort fee) that we got by booking on Priceline. The good:*The walk from the garage to the lobby and guest elevators is not far.*The hotel itself is not super large so it's very easy to get around.*No cover for TI guests at Christian Audigier the Nightclub*Good location - between Mirage and Fashion Show Mall and across from Wynn, Palazzo, and Venetian*Despite booking on Priceline, we got a room with a Strip viewThe bad:*Rooms are nothing special. I have had nicer and bigger rooms at Hyatts.*Trash on the floor upon walking in (it was just a plastic wrapper, but still) and a dirty shower curtain.*Lackluster food and nightlife options.The ugly:*Despite having a "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door at 11 am on Saturday morning, maintenance still decided to know on our door twice to replace an air filter. Really? Really? Did he not see the sign on the door? Did it really need to be done that minute? It couldn't have waited until either we left the room for the day or when we checked out on Sunday? Needless to say we were pretty upset and mentioned it to the front desk when we checked out.While not a horrible choice for a hotel, especially for a cheap price, there are much better options on the Strip.
4	I've stayed at TI since I was 5 years old, when it was the old Treasure Island, aimed towards kids. They've now renovated it to TI aimed at men?Before it was the hotel arcade, now it's Hooters. Before it was the pirates vs the English. Now it's big boobed sirens vs sexy pirate men.Ha either way, my family and I still love TIWe've stayed at all the hotels along the strip (The Wynn, Luxor, Paris, Bellagio, etc)But when making a quick, easy, last minute trip to Vegas, we book TIYou can't beat some of the ridiculously cheap deals Great rooms with views of the stripGood buffets & restaurantsWill continue to stay at TI when in Vegas!
1	I am reviewing the pirate show.That is the most boring and stupid show on the strip, Please dont take your kids to see it, half dressed women as pirates really boring cuz they play up the "sexiness" of the women the whole time it had no pirate feel at all. PASS
5	Had to go to a conference that was held at Treasure Island.  Expected kind of an outdated room.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The room was really inexpensive, $71 per night.  However, it was really nice, flat screen TV, free internet, clean, etc....  On top of that, the service from everyone was so nice.   They must have them all trained to say Hello and look you in the eye, etc...  Even the pit boss at the blackjack table was super nice and cracking jokes.  I would go back here again for sure and enjoyed every minute of my short stay.
2	I stayed at Treasure Island many times as a kid. My experiences these days with it tell me that they are kind of going out of style.As I stepped into my room, I felt like I was stepping through a portal that transported me to the past. For example, the televisions were of umm the bulkier kinds. The decor wasn't all that and the service, eh. But that was all a couple years ago. Maybe they can change my mind the next time I stay at TI, but for now, just two stars.
4	Treasure Island wouldnt have been my first choice for the birthday weekend, honestly it wouldnt have been even in my top 8 choices for the weekend. But we started out our trip planning in true vegas fashion with a gamble... using priceline.com. We named our own awesome price and decided we 'slum it' in a 4 star instead of 5 in attempts to win big and score a nice-ish hotel for an excellent price. And TI is what we ended up with. I was a little bummed out at first but after our arrival and first night I have to say i was pleasantly surprised. It's a great location, close to so many things we wanted to visit. They've done some very nice additions to it over the years and the rooms are really quite good. As the other reviews have stated the beds are very comfy and the pillows are too. Decent sized  bathrooms with mirrors that defog quickly. Good in room mirrors as well so plenty of room to get ready and primp in (when you're married to a model and prepping time can be a competitive sport for the mirror).When we checked in the front desk girls were dolls and noticed on my ID it was my bday so they immediately upgraded us and we ended up having a fantastic view of the strip and were able to get connecting rooms with our best buds that joined us on the vacation. Rooms are quiet. Housekeeping isn't annoying. Nice stereo to hook the ipod up to. The offerings in the casino are bland though and there isn't any type of a hip or posh vibe which is boring. No good restaurants. the mexican restaurant inside was pretty awful service with really bad stafff and hours. And the club - ha - doesn't realy exist as a club, more of just a pretty bar. The buffet was actually decent, the lunch price was a steal - we paid $16 and i although i only had 1plate of mediocre food i definitely drank more than $16 worth of champagne which was included and their dessert bar blew me away. So many items i wanted to try (and did!) I had about 2 plates full of sugary sweets that came in handy with all the champagne i had to wash them down with, mini fresh donuts were my most favorite! I popped inside the spa to check out their product lines and the gal that seemed to be in charge was super sweet and friendly even though i wasnt getting any services. And the facility was huge and very well decorated it feels alot more high end than the casino itself. Their workout facility was nice as well with bottled waters and towel service. The shuttle to the mirage was very handy since we had tickets to LOVE one night. I was really happy with our stay there and even though I didnt think this would be the case - Yes I would recommend it to others.
4	This review is going to be a lot less colorful than my previous review for the Imperial Palace. Why? Because they don't have a  tranny Shania Twain impersonator on staff!Let's see. They definitely take care of you at Treasure Island....ur...the rooms are nice, clean and updated but it's pretty Vegas typical. It could be the Bellagio, or the Venetian for all I could tell. I honestly don't have a single interesting thing to say about the place, but it always beats getting secondhand smoke from the previous guests in your room like you would at the Imperial Palace.
4	YAY!! I'm coming back here in two weeks!!! :DTreasure Island is always a great hotel choice. It is clean, reasonably priced, and conveniently located to all the hottest night clubs, buffets, pool parties and great venues. If you go with a big group, you might want to think about upgrading to a suite!! Better yet, get a connecting standard room and that's how you get the party started before hitting the strip :)The suite comes with two bathrooms. One with a shower and the other with a bathtub/jacuzzi. If you are on a budget, what you can do is turn the bathtub into a cooler. Make a Costco run and put all the drinks in the tub and fill it up with ice....Yeaaaa... Best advice EVER!  ;)
4	Place is pretty damn nice (updated, flatscreen tv), all for a very reasonable price. We even had an awesome view down the strip despite booking this place through priceline. It's location is awesome if you don't have a car and want to walk around the strip. It's also next to the fashion mall. The Christian Audigier Nighclub doesn't have a cover, it's a bit smaller and not as well known but place was pretty cool and music wasn't bad. Dress code isn't as strict either.
4	I LOVE Vegas....ahhhhh I'm super excited to go back this spring :) Treasure island damn you gots some comfy beds! Ok so the last time i was here was Halloween weekend, it was sooo much fun we went to the Christian Audigier club which is located in the hotel and it was packed and if you are staying at Treasure Island you get in for free! The rooms are super nice Flat screen TV, Nice modern Decor and we had the room facing the Siren Show which i didn't get to see it cause we were so busy but i did get to see a little of the Fireworks they did that was part of the show. Service was good always had clean towels and bed made everyday! The hotel is located right across from the Fashion show mall,Wynn,Venetian and Mirage! I will be back!
4	I really enjoyed my recent stay at Treasure Island.  While the hotel and rooms are nothing special, the beds were ridiculously comfortable with pillow top mattresses and huge, long fluffy pillows.The room service staff was a pleasure to deal with and very helpful.  Room service food even beat the food at their coffee shop restaurant and the prices were reasonable.The casino was middle of the road.  An older, less engaging crowd.  Fun was had by simply walking across the street to the Palazzo or up the road a bit to Harrahs.Great location, Starbucks and Ben & Jerrys inside plus it's a tram stop.  At this particular Starbucks, same day refills if you saved your cup were only $1 which if you are a Starbucks drinker, you know could save you a fortune!
4	I totally fine experience at Treasure Island.  In my head I thought it would be really kiddie like Circus Circus but it wasn't like that at all.Granted its not as new in terms of amenities as Wynn and Encore across the street but obviously you're paying less here. Came here for a friend's bday and we got two rooms next to each other.  The beds were comfy and bathroom was fine. What was surprising in the pool area! Again I thought it would be a bunch of kids and/or old people but it wasn't!  There was DJ there and people had their drinks in the pool!  That's so awesome. Late at night when I was stumbling back to my room the Vietnamese place was still open so I ordered some BOMB vermicelli!! Its a nice central location on the strip too.
4	I think Treasure Island gets a bad rap on the strip for being a campy pirate-themed casino, but that stuff really begins and ends with the pirate ship parked out front. They've done a lot of updates to their rooms recently in an attempt to get away from their pirate roots, and it looks like things are going very well.TI has a very good location on the strip, with the Venetian directly across the street, a giant shopping center to the north, and a tram you can take next door to Mirage. Check in was very easy-- quick-moving line, friendly service, and we were off. Our room was clean and modern-- TV was on the smallish side but was a new flat-panel set. Bed was super comfortable with a pillow top mattress and nice-quality pillows. The bathroom had a sizeable tub, and their toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion) smelled divine... loved that stuff. It would have been nice if we had not lost our money at the tables, but we had a lot of fun doing it at Treasure Island.
4	My bf and I stayed here from Friday-Sunday.  We checked in Friday at ~10pm, which took us about an hour!  Their system is REALLY slow, but you know what, I was in Vegas and wasn't going to have a hissy fit (especially since the people working the counter were really nice.)  We got a non-smoking, 1 King bed, and I was really happy with what we got.  The air smelled clean-free of smoke, and the bed looked really clean and felt so luxurious and soft (I slept SOOO well).  They had all the "new" appliances like a flat screen TV and a fake iHome to plug in your iPod.  The bathroom was spacious as well.  My only complaint would be that the walls were REALLY thin and I could hear everything that the nerdy guys in the room next to us were saying, laughing, playing graphing calculator games?  Anyway, bring ear plugs!  We also got a free "late" (one hour) check-out when I realized that we were hungover in the morning.  Check-out was a breeze- just went downstairs to the desk and told them we were out.
5	This was one of the best stays I have had in any city in the world.  Although I have stayed in nicer hotels, I was supprised to have such a great experince at T.I.  I was running late getting to Vegas, finally found parking.  I get to the lobby and the line was kind of long.  30 minutes later I get to the counter, my reservation could not be located and I had to wait another 10 minutes till reservations fixed it.  My clerk was helpful, I asked if the wait was normally that long, he said no, in fact they had one of the busiest check-in days ever that day.  He apologized for the wait and gave me a room with a better view and sent me on my way.  It took me a while to find my room, as it was on an upper floor and on the end of the wing.  I open the door and was in ah.  It was a beautiful room, view of the strip in both directions.  I couldn't be happier with the accommodations.  The bathroom was large, good size tub.  The bed was comfortable and the sheets were very nice.I had a good time in the Casino, left with more money than I started...always a plus.I ate at most of the restaurants in the hotel (see separate reviews) and saw Carlos Mencia perform (highlight of the weekend)The staff was always helpful and courteous.  They took care of every legal want and need.  I will be staying there again for sure.
5	Booked this VERY last minute, like in the early hours of the morning and checked in later that night. I got a good rate and a standard 2 queen bed room. i'm thinking its gonna be "blah" given the too good of a rate for fri AND sat (came out to $215 total, so look for a good coupon code!) and it was rugby 7's/president's day weekend so i'm thinking its gonna be busy and crowded and whatever...this hotel is sooooo great! first off i must say the beds in my room were beyond comfortable and i didn't wanna leave just wanted to stay in the bed. so for those who are all about "takin somebody back to the room" they'll definitely love the bed (comfort-wise that is). nice flat screen tv on the wall, big mirror, and a great view of the strip as well as the excitement of the pirate show!I highly recommend staying at this hotel especailly if you get a great rate, its got a great location and its connected to fashion show (the mall) right next door, across from the palazzo, and diagonal from the wynn/encore (all is walking distance). I really enjoyed my stay since i booked way last minute, and the room is quite nice (check the pics!)Also, i really loved Kahunaville! the band (RTM) was really great and preferred them over the DJ in the Christian Audigier club. Club Christian Audigier:the club is aiiiiight,been here twice and can conclude that the DJ usually sucks. I considered this club to be one of those starter clubs, meaning if you're waiting for the rest of your party to join you or if you wanna get your partying started so you got a good groove goin just walk by one of the promoters in the casino (the only requirement is that you're a woman) they'll give you a writstband for free (blah) drinks before 1 am and free admission all night...what i'm trying to say is DONT PAY TO GET INTO THIS CLUB! you can easily get in for free and if you're a guy get one of those complimentary passes from the promoters or have one of your girlfriends get it. all in all its a good club but try to leave for another one before its too late and you end up in an unecessary fight. good times...
1	Awful. Took over an hour to check in. Then had to wait 30 min for my luggage. They said they switched to a new computer system but this is unaccetable. I will not return.
3	I can't believe this is a triple A 4 Diamond Resort.  It's nice, it's updated, but the stellar service I expect from that caliber property just wasn't there.Check-In was a complete ZOO.  The cordoned-off line snaked back and forth, with easily 100 people waiting, and there were 3 check-in agents.  THREE!  That process took over 45 minutes.  Although once I got to the counter, the Agent was friendly, chatty, and pleasant.  I asked for, and received, a comp upgrade to a larger, corner room with a Strip View and two windows.The room is nicely appointed in contemporary fashion, which I love.  The bed was amazingly comfy, and the white sheets and duvet were clean and fresh-smelling.  Our view looked across at the Venetian from one window, and the other window was over the Pirate's Lagoon, where the free show, "Sirens of T.I." is performed multiple times nightly.  This was cool for us, since we are night people, but if you're not (why are you in Vegas?) the show has loud pyrotechnics and fireworks until 11pm.Unfortunately, one night we were trying to get in a nap between daytime activities and nighttime activities, and the Cable TV was out.  This required four separate visits, in and out, over a 3 hour span, by maintenance and then the cable company.  They were very nice, but it was an inconvenience for someone trying to sneak some sleep into a Vegas Vacation.Again, though, TI was generous with their comps, and we received a Buffet for Two comp as a result.  (Granted, I had to ask for it, but the front desk manager was forthcoming.)  (Also on that note:  The buffet wasn't even worth the free meal.  It was utterly awful. See my review)The property is middle-of-the-road for Vegas Strip hotels.  It's not old and run-down like Excalibur or Circus, Circus, but then, it's twice the price.  And it's nowhere as nice as the Wynn or the Bellagio, but it's half the price of those.  So - Quite clearly Average.  (Do watch out for those pesky "Resort Fees".  If you book on the phone, they make it seem as if it's a one-time, per person fee.  It's not.  It's $20, PER DAY, PER PERSON.  Typically sneaky, and common at Vegas Hotels.)  Also: THE POOL WAS CLOSED!  We paid a resort fee to hear "Yeah, but you can drive over to the Trump and use their pool"?  I don't think so.  Inexcusable, T.I.The restaurants leave MUCH to be desired.  They have a deli, but why would you eat there when the Carnegie is a shuttle-tram ride away at the Mirage?  The buffet, as we've discussed, was disgusting, and the breakfasty-cafe place was ridiculously overpriced, even for the Strip.  ($14 for two eggs? Really, TI?)  Lastly, they have a Pho restaurant.  A Pho restaurant that serves Tripe but calls it Tendon (They are NOT the same thing!) and charges $19 for a bowl that would cost you literally $6 anywhere else in the US.  I'm just thankful I sampled it at the comped buffet rather than paying for it!So overall, the property's rooms are clean and comfy, and at least they comp freely.  It's centrally located smack-dab in the middle of the Strip.  If you catch a fabulous deal, as we did, ($60 a night including Resort Fee) then it's probably a fine place to catch your Zz's in Vegas.If you're looking for that signature Four-Diamond service, spend a little more and go to the Bellagio or the Venetian or the Wynn or.... you get the idea.
1	I don't know how this place qualifies as a 4-star property on Hotwire. Granted, it's conveniently located and it's been recently renovated to look relatively new and stylish, but the service here is horrible! So horrible that while I felt clean and comfy in my room it wasn't enough to outweigh this 1-star review.This hotel was installing a new computer system during our stay, which understandably would result in some minor delays and kinks being worked out, but it appears this hotel management put NO thought whatsoever in how they would do the switchover.  For example: We had to wait close to 1 hour (yes, one hour!) to check in to our room on a Tuesday afternoon! There was literally about 50 people in line to check-in and not because the hotel was busy, but because the agents were so slow. Seriously, 3 agents for this size hotel when you're going through a computer system switchover?? Unacceptable! The next day on Wednesday night, I had to request a duplicate copy of our room key because I left mine in the room. BIG mistake....  I had to wait 35 minutes in the lobby just to get helped ~ and this was in the "check-out" line at 11:00pm on a Wednesday night! The check-in line was even longer. But the kicker was that the agent who helped me, while nice and courteous, had just started his shift and what did he do when I asked for a room key? He had to get on the phone for 5 minutes and call someone to find out how to print out a room key?!? Come on man, isn't that basically the entire job function of a front desk agent = to print out room keys?   Twice we tried calling the front desk to request a late checkout. Both times, we waited ON HOLD listening to the pre-recorded message for 20 minutes before we hung up in exasperation (luckily they have speakerphone in the room because you'll need it).  At checkout, they tried to charge us for the entire stay even though it was prepaid through Hotwire. This mixup took yet another 20 minutes out of our time. More cons: They couldn't even fix the bed correctly! All 4 nights that we stayed there, we got  really short "fitted" bottom sheets, and by short I mean that when we got into bed, there was a good 1.5 feet of uncovered bare mattress! It's not even like the sheet got loose or something. The sheets were just that short that either you could cover the head area or the foot area, but not cover both. What are they thinking? Most people in the modern world are over 5'0 tall so who do they think they can fool with these short sheets?Our room had no remote control for the TV and we had to call maintenance to get one. After we got the controller, we then realized the cable didn't work either, so had to get the maintenance man back again to fix the cable. Ugh.Oh, and TI now charges $20/day as a "resort" fee. Pfftt... Well, it does cover free internet service in your room but when you're in Vegas, how much time will you actually be in your room doing work? For us, this was just a waste of $80 during our 4-night stay.The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that when I accidentally left my wedding ring in the bathroom, the maid did not steal it. Kudos to that.
2	The wife and I checked in for a 18-Feb thru 20-Feb stay. Our stay coincided with the implementation of a new check-in system so the counter folk were struggling to learn it and their efficiency was WAY off... The check-in line was HORRID!! We stood over and hour in a line 80 people deep... The counter folk maintained a pleasant composure in spite of all the line weary, unhappy people that they were dealing with on the 18th and 19th of Feb.The customer service counter across the lobby from check-in was a joke. Trying to get ANY help there was hit or miss... 2 of the 3 times that i went down for assistance, no-one was even there....  And the prices/food quality at their coffee shop!! WHEW!! Whata RIP!!!Overall, not a bad place to stay though for the price.  The $22/day  "resort fee" tacked onto the normal room rate is a joke though. It's bad enough to have to pay separately for amenity's like internet or health club on a as-needed basis, but their "Resort Fee" is mandatory. You pay for these services whether you use them or not... So... An OK hotel, but we'll stay at one of the nicer/newer ones next time...
1	I threw a Bachelorette party here last August with 23 girls, so we booked 5 rooms. We got to Vegas early so we ate first, then checked in at 3. As per our initial reservations (MONTHS in advance) I requested that all rooms be on the same floor, and have 4 of the 5 rooms have those connecting doors (2 and 2). At time of check in, they only had 3 rooms ready for us. 1 single room, and 2 that connected, and informed us that our last rooms will be ready in the next hour or so. So we all went up stairs, and pretty much crashed in those 3 rooms. After an hour or so we called down to the front desk to check the status of our rooms. NOTHING. No progress. They said another hour. So we called back around 5:30. Still no progress. I then asked to speak to a manager. He said he'd get right on it, and have housekeeping clean some of the rooms for us to settle in. Shouldn't the rooms already be cleaned as check IN is at 3?! This went on UNTIL EIGHT O'CLOCK at night. Which was ridiculous. Its impossible for 23 girls to rest, and get ready for a night in Vegas in 3 cramped rooms. We were NOT happy. So I called and requested late check out for all 5 rooms. I had to ask 3 times until someone said ok, we'd give each room an extra hour, when I had initially asked for 2. By that time I was beyond frustrated and settled for 1 hour. The rooms itself were decent. Nothing too fancy. Good sized tv, comfortable enough beds. The casino was decent as well, my friend won 1200 on slots, so that was a perk. Buffet was good, nothing spectacular, but it fed us, the employees at the buffet were very nice, and very hospitable. The buffet I'd give 4 stars to. The pool was nice too. Not too packed, but not barren either. The best perk was the late night Pho restaurant they had in the casino, nice meal after a long night of partying.Other than that, I wouldn't stay here again if I had to
5	I feel that TI is underrated.  I stayed here 2/19/2010-2/21/2010 and experienced the best customer service everrrrrrrrr!Pros:-Waived our $20/day resort fee which was a nice plus.  (more $$ for booze)-Drink vouchers at their Breeze Bar.  (Free booze!)-Upgrade to higher upper room with strip view and their Sirens show.  (fireworks heighten your mood while boozing it up in your room)-Christian Audigier club with free entry and open bar until 1am.  (Yum, more free booze!)-Canter's Deli & Pho at the Coffeeshop (after booze munchies)-Prime location!  Center strip across from Wynn, Encore, Venetian, Palazzo and adjacent to Mirage and shopping mall.  (walking distance to all the hot clubs when you're too boozed up to drive)-Super comfy beds and clean, modern amenities.  (for after boozing)Cons:-Yes, check in time was about an hour.  They are having difficulty with their new computer system so just be understanding and patient.  Your stripper girlfriend LexXxxie will still be at S Rhino waiting for you, I promise.-Steep prices at their hotel restaurants.  $15 for pho, but heck, it was worth it both mornings when I woke up with a throbbing head.  All you fools who keep complaining, c'mon, you're in Vegas.  Live a little.  Quit being stingy mofos or make the drive out to Chinatown if you must and shuddap!  You pay for convenience ummmk?Overall, if you're not looking to pay a grip for a hotel (since you're just gonna sleep there), but don't wanna stay ghetto fabulous at the Motel 6 either, the TI is an awesome choice and I would totally come back!P.S.  I am not a raging alcoholic.
4	I've been a victim of TI once again. This time it cost me $700!! Grrr....why can't I ever win at this casino?? I'll come back for you again in May. Be ready for revenge.
4	Excellent accommodations given the price.  Check-in is not as awful as other reviewers are saying, perhaps the staff has had time to learn the new software.  The surprise $20/day resort fee was sneaky, but that's the only real downside to my stay.Clean rooms, nice furnishings, comparable to Marriott/Hilton room but a little smaller.  The gym was also nice and modern with individual tv's on each of the cardio machines for you to control and an ipod dock.  Pool area was nice.  Hot tub was spacious.  Too bad the weather was a bit too chilly for hanging out at the pool all day, though I suspect it would be a lot more crowded if it was 10 degrees warmer outside.
4	I find their remodeled rooms very comfortable, their rates attractive, and the location relative to the rest of the nightlife attractions on the Strip almost ideal.
4	Flew into Vegas last night and stayed here for one night before going boarding in Utah for a couple of days. C checked in before I got there and had to get put in another room because the shower had a hole in the ceiling, part of the drywall fell out. But when he called, the guy at the front desk told him to go to another room and met him there. He said check in time was pretty quick, 5 minutes tops. So customer service was good.Room is the smallest I've been in so far (out of MGM, Venetian, Palazzo), but it's Vegas. Like you spend any time in your room anyway.I don't know if this happens to other people, or if I was just drunk, but I slipped in their bathtub. I wasn't expecting the slip and so I hit pretty hard and have a nice bruise on the inside of my right knee to remember my time here. Oh, and then I stepped on a shard of glass in the bathroom. That was fun too.But the bed is pretty comfy, and we had a great view of the strip from the 15th floor. And I liked the tram that took me to the Mirage even though my friend and I lost $150 there. I like how the rooms have an iPod dock, although it didn't actually charge my iTouch for some reason.Our view overlooked the pool, and the hot tub is freaking ginormous. It doesn't look like it gets a lot of sun though...but I'm writing this at 9am and one half is decently sunnified (not a word, I know. Sue me.).My one complaint (apart from almost killing myself in the bathroom, which I'm just going to blame on myself): I love being warm, and I'm normally someone that sleeps under a duvet in the middle of the summer, and I was sweating my ass off in this room. I couldn't even spoon.C and I give it a solid 3 1/2 stars.
1	Hotel is below par.  I like the fact that the tables are cheap during the day, so I hit this in the AM for a few hours.  The restaurants and bars inside could use an upgrade.  I have never stayed here, but a lot of my friends have....blech!  They have told me that the rooms are really run down.  Stay at the Wynn or Venetian.  You will be happier....
2	Our experience here was markedly different from 2 years ago.Last time, our rooms were clean and one of the room was even upgraded to a suite. Service was friendly and our stay was well worth the price.This year, however, the rooms were dingy and dirty. The lamps and desks were dusty. There were obvious stains on the pillowcase. It felt like the rooms needed a good scrubbing. Lighting was also awful. Worst of all, we HAD to pay "resort fee" of $20,- for services that we don't use like the pool etc. Such a ripoff.90% of the staffs were unwelcoming and unhelpful. I guess it is time to move on.
4	On one of our trips to Vegas, we stayed 4 nights at The Venetian and at the last minute, decided to stay 3 more nights...so we decided to go across the street to Treasure Island.  I wasn't expecting much out of it, as it's a little older than some of the places, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The rooms were a little nicer than some of the basic rooms at the other hotels.  One of the things that I really liked about the hotel is that it seemed to attract a much younger crowd...that doesn't usually seem like a big deal, but once you stay at Caesars a few times, you can definitely tell a difference.  The scene at the pool looked like it was right out of a MTV spring break...DJ, people dancing in the crowded pool, etc...not usually my cup of tea, but it was entertaining if nothing else!
3	We got an awesome deal on Priceline to stay at Treasure Island for our spring trip.  The room was decently sized and well-decorated.  The beds were comfortable. The tv was a little small and our room had no fridge.  We wasted a ton of leftovers!  It did have a great view of the strip and the pool. The casino area is small in comparison to some others, but it suited us just fine.  There are more slot machines than tables.  The hotel had a few restaurants, a variety of types and styles.  We did have a breakfast and dinner at the buffet.  Breakfast was much better than dinner and was only $16, cheap compared to most buffets.  We also tried Kahunaville, an island/jungle-themed restaurant/bar.  We enjoyed our dinner there and had great service, although we weren't satisfied with the expensive drinks that we ordered from the fruity cocktail menu.  In addition to the restaurants, there's a Starbucks, Ben & Jerry's, and a dance club.  We were very pleased with all that the hotel provided.There were a few things to complain about... other reviewers mentioned the resort fee.  It's $20 a day and not optional.  For a guest who purchased the room on Priceline, an additional $20 a day was a big surprise.  It should already be included in the room price, if they have to raise the rates then they should.  It's sneaky to tack on that extra fee!  Also, our towels smelled awful.  The only way I can describe them is that they had a "burnt" smell.  Lastly, the music and the waitstaff service in the pool area was really bad.  We spent a few hours at the pool every day, it was tough to get a drink brought to us and that music was like torture.  There was also a funny smell near the pool, made me think it wasn't clean enough.
4	I'll give it 4 stars since i got such a good deal.. out of 8 people and 3 rooms, 2 rooms were comp'd cuz of gambling credit so we only paid about $40 each for 3 nites!at the end of the strip but still very accessible to most venues.. close to fashion show mall.. and the venetiandidn't really eat inside the hotel much.. they have a starbucks, 'coffee shop' (which is a sit-down breakfast/lunch/dinner restaurant) and pho place.. pizza place.. ben and jerrys.. a place called Kahunaville which is a pretty cool bar that has live music.. we watched UFC there on a big screen and it was a good venue for that toothe pool is nice and they have a DJ playing music so its a fun partyrooms are standard.. 2 of our rooms were joining so we made our own 'suite'they have a free pirate show out front that includes fireworks thats worth checking out
3	Comfortable refurbished rooms with great views, easy access to the parts of the Strip that matter (to me), and STELLAR housekeeping staff.However, my bar for these self-proclaimed "resorts" in Las Vegas may be slightly high. I expect that the rest of the hotel is AT LEAST as promising as the room itself. I've only stayed here once (other than at the age of 13, which doesn't count) and all I can remember was how much I wanted to get out of the hotel as soon as I woke up. But sometimes (and I'm sure many of you can relate), you end up so knackered that the only safe place for you (and anyone else you might cross paths with) would be the closest entertainment/distraction to your room (to avoid getting lost) and in this case that would be the casino.. My qualm with T.I.'s casino is limited but quite the influential point: the alcohol. I get that they're "free" (before tip) but at least the Wynn uses the good stuff and real juice when necessary.. Drinks at the T.I. almost always leave me feeling uber sick.. I'd rather pay for decent drinks elsewhere than have to subject myself to liquid crap. In fact, I'd rather pay a little extra and stay at the Wynn/Encore (which I've done on the past 4 trips I've planned myself) - better rooms, better drinks, better food.
4	I absolutely loved TI. From the clean, sweet smell upon opening the doors, to the $3 All-You-Can-Drink champagne at the buffet. PROS:Comfy beds, nice room, gorgeous view, 2 for 1 buffet and drink coupons, 'free' wifi, clean smell upon walking in, attentive staff, amazing buffet, fantastic location, decent pool DJ, nice clean pool (our view overlooked the strip and pool so we were able to witness daily cleaning), decently priced, free tram to and from The Mirage, Starbucks, Ben & Jerry's and a pizzeria conveniently located in the hotel and next to each other, express checkout through TV.CONS:$20+ resort fee, no pizza delivery to room and pizzeria closes relatively early for Vegas, pool only open til 6, no minibar/fridge.
2	I could've easily gave the T.I. a better rating but there were a few things that just ate at me this trip.Upon arrival, we had our bags checked and were advised to keep our alcohol with us so we could drink once we got up to the room.  When checking in there was probably (no exaggeration) 60 people standing in line waiting to check in and about 4 people actually checking them in.  We stood in line for about 45 minutes waiting.  That sucked because The Mirage had us in our room within 15 our last visit.Next, WHAT THE HELL IS THAT SMELL!?!?!?!  When you open any door to enter the casino there is this OVER WHELMING sweet smell that reminds you of your great grandma's perfume.  A hybrid of cleaning product, and the perfume dept for sure.  Yeah, you got used to it after a while, but it was VERY unpleasant walking in each time and getting a nasty whiff of that funky smell.When we got into our room we had a view of the strip and the pool....It was Ok.  Nothing special.  Especially when looking at the tops of 2 parking garages.  I would've rather had a view of the pirate show personally. The room appeared clean upon entering, but once we started getting settled in we found that there was cigarette ashes all over the dresser and the glasses in the room were not exactly clean.  The bed was AWESOME!! Very comfortable.  Probably the only plus to this room.Next thing that sucked ass?  The elevators.  OHHH my lord....who's the dick head that came up with this system?  You have to enter the elevator and then insert your room card into a slot and press the floor you want.  SOUNDS SIMPLE RIGHT?  Well it would be simple if it actually worked!!  We found out that one of the slots were actually broken, so that explains the 5 minutes trying to select our floor.  Then we find a slot that works, and you have to insert the key....press the floor number....then slowly remove the card.  Not only was this a PAIN IN THE ASS when we were drunk trying to get back to the room, but we probably helped 4 other couples through the course of our stay get to the floor they wanted.  And the elevators were dirty.  There were rose petals in one of the elevators that had been stepped on numerous times and were smashed into the floor smearing reddish colors all over the floor.  NORMALLY I wouldn't give a damn, but when it's STILL there 3 days later???  Makes you wonder how efficient the cleaning crew is.The daily 22.40 resort fee?? Please....It's not worth it. I prefer to check out and owe NO money unless I paid for room service or dry cleaning.  I knew there was a resort fee, but didn't realize it was a DAILY fee.  If the Mirage doesn't need to charge daily, why does the T.I.??  Only reason I keep comparing to The Mirage is because that was our 1st stay when we 1st came to Vegas and it was nothing but awesome with no daily fee, no funky smells, clean rooms and great service.  Treasure Island lacked on all of these categories.Next time we're going to be aiming for something like PH, or Mandalay Bay...Close to where we wanna be, and looks like a blast.  I cant wait for our next visit .......to Vegas that is :)
4	I LOVE TREASURE ISLAND! My boyfriend and I got a regular room with a king sized bed.  They had really reasonable prices for the weekend. I think it was 110 a night? SO WORTH IT. Although we couldn't get a direct view of the strip they put us on a higher floor so we could see part of the strip as well as the city.  The location of treasure island is the absolute best! It is right across the street from the club TAO and only a block away from the mall. We walked up and down the strip instead of driving or taking a cab.  The room was really clean and comfortable. I felt that it was roomy and OH MY GOD the bed is so comfy!  It was super soft and after a long night of dancing and drinking, the bed is heaven sent.  The bathroom is rather large, large enough where I could take a comfy bath and the service throughout the hotel is stellar. The only thing I think they could have improved on was making the hot tub actually hot! I wasn't there that long but it seemed as though the temperature of the hot tub was almost the same as the pool itself! But other than that, my stay was fantastic and I enjoyed every minute of it!
4	Just visited Las Vegas last weekend and had a great time at TI.Pros: The beds are wicked comfortable. Oh, I could've stayed in bed all day! Housekeeping (who would've thought that's a pro?!) were great, and very quick to bring up a cot for our third guest and towels. Pool was fun, we didn't spot one major dbag, and I was worried about that. Poolside service was quick. Starbucks in hotel was convenient. Great location on the strip, everything easy to get to. Parking convenient and always able to park on the same level as bridge to casino. Rooms were nicer than anticipated.Cons: The check-in line was long. But you know what, I only paid $80 a night, and I'm on a good location on the strip. If I paid more at a different hotel, I probably wouldn't have had the wait. I checked in on a Friday afternoon, so I knew it was going to be busy (about 45 minutes to check in). And seriously, don't be all whiny about it when you're standing in line, okay? It just annoys the crap out of the happy people. I guess the line is the only con. I guess I'm so-so on the resort fee, as I did use the wifi included in the price...but it seemed a little high ($20 a day).I would definitely stay at TI for my next trip. That is, unless the Bellagio starts offering $100 or less rooms, then I'm totally there.
1	Horrible!!! Waited over an hour just to check in.The forgot my wake-up call, the staff was rude. Would NOT recommend.
3	The hotel is newly renovated and offering very reasonable rates especially since we went during March Madness. The Champagne Brunch Buffet is awesome. Housekeeping was pretty standard. The Starbucks in the hotel was handy.
4	My last two trips out to Vegas, I had the chance to stay at TI, once in a suite and once in a regular room.  TI has definitely come a long ways over the years.  When I was a kid, it was my favorite hotel because it had family and kid appeal.  I think they've changed their focus to have more of an adult, "sin city" vibe.  The rooms have been updated to be sleek and modern.  They added the Christian Audigier (Ed Hardy) nightclub and they have a tapas bar (and a few other nice bars).  I like that the casino has a walkway to the Fashion Show mall directly across the street.  And you can also access Wynn and Encore by going across one more walkway and if you cross a 3rd walkway, you're in the Venetian and Palazzo, which are connected.  This is really critical when you're drunk and don't want to drive or deal with traffic or getting your car out of valet.  I don't think this hotel is out-dated at all, as some other reviewers have said.  TI is definitely keeping up with the rest of the pack.
3	If you are looking for one of the luxury, high class, marble floors, opulent hotels in Vegas...this isn't one of them. It's more towards the family getaway on a budget sort of hotel. Which is exactly what we needed : ) The line to get checked in took WAAAAY longer than it should have. But!!! We slipped the lady a $20 with our ID and we got a room upgrade...SCORE!!!! So, I highly recommend using that trick at ANY hotel you stay in while in Vegas, it works 99% of the time. The casino is smaller, smells like cigarettes. The only bar that was open 24/7 was the Breeze Bar...it's OK...pretty small. The "club" that they have is the Christian Autiger Night Club. It's only open Thursday-Sunday and of course...we weren't there any of those nights, so I'm not sure how "hot" it is. The buffet they have is very average. I've watched shows on the Food Network about how awesome Vegas buffets are, and well...they didn't go to TI for sure! Its...average. The only restaurant that I felt was news worthy is the deli that is located by the elevator. It's called Canters. Our sandwiches were worth the $13. I got the BLT and it was PACKED with bacon! Such a plus!!!! The pool is small and there isn't anything uniquely special about it. This is a family spot so expect kiddos to be running around instead of hot ladies and gents.The rooms are pretty nice, very, very small in comparison to the other bigger hotels in the area, but they did the job. The beds are QUITE comfortable and we all slept very well.I don't think I would choose to stay here again with so many other options at some of the bigger hotels that have more to offer in nightlife, food and air quality, but TI served it's purpose and we survived VEGAS BABY!!!!
4	TI has come a long way in its years spent on the strip.  The MGM/Mirage made property of pirates and treasure is now a Phil Ruffin owned recreation of service and style.  The Treasure Island was a fun place to travel as a kid and watch the pirates of TI which is now "Sirens of TI".  The show still plays nightly and draws a big crowd.  Tangerine which is now Christian Audigier was a club I loved back when I first started to go clubbing.  Gilley's is set to open and bring some rockin' country vibes to the hotel.  Isla has been a great place to grab some Mexican food for years.In the years both past and present TI has been willing to accept change for better and worse. It remains one of my most traveled to casinos and a place that brings me back to my childhood days.
3	Not my primary choice of hotel to stay at, but I did stay here for a company event that we had.Check in and Check out was a breeze - this could have been because we were part of a large group that was staying there.Rooms were clean and nice, the bathroom was average size and had a tub. Price is decent (sheesh I wasn't paying the company was) compared to other hotels on the strip but this is definitely one of the older hotels here.Overall the staff were helpful and nice.Would I stay here again... only if someone else was paying! LOL!
4	Treasure Island always makes me think of pirates in that very, Pirates of the Caribbean way. I almost expect to open the door to my room and see Capitan Jack spring out from the closet and try to steal my hat, if I had a hat that is. Walking into the hotel I was surprised by the smell. And I do mean that in the nicest way possible. Most hotels have that clean but smoky smell to it (part of the Vegas charm I suppose), but TI has a nice flowery smell to it, and yes, good smells make me very happy. I have been to TI other than once or twice in the many many trips I've had in the past two years, so I didn't really know what to expect.The room was a good size for four people. The bathroom counter had plenty of space for all sorts of toiletry items. The room had a more modern set up, dark wood and what not with lots of clean lines. The flat screen was a little on the smaller side, but since we weren't planning on spending most of our time in the room, it wasn't a big deal.Cheryl Y. got a special rate for the room (her being a card member and all), so at the check-in desk they gave us a voucher for one of their bars for a "buy on get on" cocktail. Nice touch considering we didn't spend more than $90 per night.The best part of staying at TI is that shopping is quite literally right next door. The Venetian shops are across the street, and the Fashion Mall is to the left, and Ceasers Palace is just a little past Mirage. Oh yes, the other awesome thing is Rhumbar at Mirage. It's like a FatTuesday, but wayyyy better. Well, at least in this yelpers mind it is.Had a great weekend with friends in Vegas at TI. The rooms were spacious, clean, and smelled incredible. What more could you ask for as you marinate your liver in alcohol?
5	We have stayed here several times, and keep going back because it does not disappoint! Great prices/deals for the rooms, which are newly renovated, with comfy comfy beds! The layout of the casino is a bit confusing (like most Vegas hotels), and the pool is smaller than I would like, but since we're not paying $200+ a night I can't complain. The pool is still fun, with  DJ out on weekends to play music and get a dance party going (this can be a problem if you have a pool facing room and are trying to nap during the day). The staff has always been friendly when I've checked in, even giving advice for clubs to check out. Not the best food options, Canter's is overpriced, but Ben and Jerry's and Starbuck's make up for that. The two biggest reasons we keep returning is location and price - it's situated close to Wynn, Venetian, the Mirage...as well as the Fashion Show mall which has plenty of stores and places to eat. Can't go wrong if you don't want to spend a ton, but not forsake a nice room and fun pool! We will likely be staying here again...
5	Although not technically a five star hotel, the stay was definitely a five star stay.  We stayed in the winter, which I suppose is the off season for Vegas.  This means that we got a great rate on the room, and at the same time didn't have to to battle the crowds.  It also means that some of the usual amenities were closed (the pool and the Siren show), which a remarkable number of people were bitching about (considering the closures were clearly stated on the website.)   We got a free upgrade right when we checked in, and our view was unreal.  It turned a good deal into a great deal, really fast.  Bed was extremely comfortable, we had no problems with housekeeping, and every staff person we encountered was friendly.  We didn't eat in any of the restaurants, simply due to the close proximity of so many other delicious establishments (Paris buffet anyone?!)  I would definitely recommend staying here, especially in the "off season" like we did, truly some of the best three days of my life!
4	I don't know why so many people are ragging about treasure island, or why this place is deserving of only 3 and a half stars. My stay here was one to be remembered. I stayed here for 2 days under a package from travelocity, and I got 2 free tickets to Cirque du Soleil Mystere (140-220$ value), and 2 free dinner buffet passes (40-50$ value). The dinner was OKAY (3 star material), but the show was fantastic (5 star material)! Now, onto the rooms. This casino isn't as big as the other casinos, but I would still say that it is a medium, if not large, casino with plenty of slots, 5$ blackjack, and a small poker room. the parking lot is only a short walk away from the hotel elevators/lobby. The line at the lobby was about 30 minutes, but it wasn't as bad as most negative reviewers claimed it to be. It was a bit long.. but bearable, and the staffs were all very nice and professional. I asked for a room on the higher floors and the guy helped me do that immediately. The pool outside looked very nice and sexy, but because it was high winds when we visited, we didnt get to check it out. The room was spacious, and looked very good, similar to that of a half-room at the venetian. The beds were VERY VERY comfortable, and is probably, or if not, similar, to that of the comfortable venetian beds. Treasure Island is relatively clean, but not THOROUGHLY clean; if you know what I mean. By not thorough I mean that I could still see the dust in the hard-to-reach-corners of the rooms. I feel that if the room was more thoroughly organized and thoroughly cleansed it would be like that of the experience at the venetian or bellagio.overall, the price and deals would be the reason you would go to treasure island. there are constantly free tickets being given away with the purchase of a day or two's booking of this hotel through sites such as travelocity, hotwire, or priceline. If you plan to pay around 200 a night, go to the venetian/palazzo/wynn, but if you don't want to spend that much money, but still get a very luxurious experience in vegas, I would recommend Treasure Island (~100$ a night, but sometimes come with free show tickets valued at 70-120$ each + buffets). oh yeah.. sometimes u may get trapped in an elevator.. though probably rare, but if you do, you can get 100$ comped for room service, or perhaps a comped night of stay.. but u should insist it if it happens to you or get skimped outhope that's helpful
3	This is a decent hotel. They remodeled so the rooms were nice, comfy beds, lots of mirrors which is good when you have a bunch of girls trying to get ready. It was nice because it was on the strip so easy to get around. I have probably the lamest reason for never wanting to stay there again though.. their elevators!! They made me so sick feeling every time i had to get on those damn things! Didn't help being hung over for one of the days too, but really, like they were horrible and I really won't stay there again because of it. BUT if other people aren't odd like me, its a good hotel, so if you get a good deal and need a average, non disgusting hotel to stay in at vegas, stay here. If you can stay somewhere better (like mandalay, ha) then I would do so.
4	i think treasure island is just great. it's affordable, the rooms are nice and the pool is relaxing and big, the restaurants are pretty good- and its location on the strip is perfect. no, its not a 5 star hotel, it is not extravagant or over the top like several other vegas hotels are, but its a good place to stay. we stayed here for a girls weekend this past weekend and had a blast! yes, the pirate theme is cheesy, but it's not over the top in the hotel, like the medieval theme is at the excaliber. bottom line...treasure island is affordable, pretty nice and a quietish place to come back to after a wild night out and i cant complain about any of that!
3	My friend was staying here over the weekend. I met up with him on sunday and he had me wait in the VIP check-in room while he dropped something off in his room. They had cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, water, soda, beer, and liquor for their VIP guests. I helped myself to a chocolate covered strawberry and a Perrier.Next we hit up the poker room for a 7pm tourney. They have $50 tournaments @ 11am, 2pm, 7pm, and 10pm. Re-buys during the first hour. It was about 10:30pm when my friend won the tourney so we walked over to the 24 hour cafe. We got some egg rolls to start off, which were ok. I had been craving fish tacos but they were not that good.
3	Pretty good restaurants and things to do in the hotel,  room service sucks, nice looking place.
4	So I consider myself somewhat of a Vegas hotel connoisseur.  However, I'm also the kind to lack standards and therefore, class.  Someone could puke on a wall at the Imperial Palace and I'd be like hey! that's hot.  With that said, Treasure Island does what it's supposed to do.  It has character, has been redone pretty well for how long it's existed, and the rooms are classy - a.k.a not an Imperial Palace or Bally's.  But not cush either, like Aria or Bellagio.  All in all, good place to stay if you're all about impromptu Vegas and getting up in the morning and looking at yourself saying, Oh Shit I need to get a room for Vegas!  Like I did.  Pretty cheap room, central Strip location, decent hangover buffet downstairs.On a more illustrious note, I think if you were pretty smashed and got dressed as a pirate, you could totally make it on that ship at night if you were acrobatic enough and then rock it with the Sirens or whatever that nightly show is.  You're going to have to check off something on that "Hangover" Vegas bucket list of yours, right?
4	You can go to the website and be assured, that you what you see is what you get.....like any other casino.....smoky, buffet, shows...etc...what puts this apart from the rest is the Treasure Island show, if you are staying at this hotel, they let you stand closer to the show (Seperated from the street crowd)....Other than that, the buffet is okay, but not the best...I suggest going to Bellagio buffet, half the price, more options and better quality than TI hotel.
4	This casino has been around for a good amount of time however it's one of the few that has actually did a GOOD remodel and has worked.  I remember coming here as a child and seeing the boat in the water. Now they have renovated the inside and out and even adopted a new hip name.  People don't call it treasure island anymore but simply "TI"Some one in marketing made TI the IT place to be.
2	One of my favorite things about the Vegas hotels is the detailed themed decor. Sadly Treasure Island lacks that. On the outside you'll see some pirate-esque structures and props but once inside, all is lost and it's just your usual casino.
4	We had a really nice stay at Treasure Island. The casino floor is not my favorite, but that's the nature of the beast...The room was really nice. Everything seemed new and clean. The bed was very comfortable and we had a great corner room with views on two sides.No complaints, I'd certainly stay again. We didn't eat or really gamble much there, but the rooms, for the price and location, were great.
3	VENUE: Not as "treasury-islandy" themed on the inside as it is on the outside. Overall place is clean, casino is pretty big, and there's always something to do whether it's watching sports in the sports center and or grabbing a bite to eat at deli. They have theatre on the inside for shows and a bunch of shops to buy souvenirs.SERVICE: The girl who booked our room booked a suite and was told at check-in that she couldn't get it. Instead of giving her two smaller rooms for the same price, they only gave her a small room and food and drink voucher. And i'll have to say that most of the dealer that were servicing us were pretty nice -some were funny and some were helpful. BUT!!! the VERY LAST DEALER i had at a black jack table was a TOTAL JERK and she just sort of ruined my whole trip. She treated my friends and me like we were chumps and when we lost a hand she said "okie byeeee" in a very taunting manner. Ugh. Not cool.
4	I'm not one who normally stays in the midst of the chaos that is The Strip when I venture out into Vegas. However, once I snagged a cah-razy deal with TI, I was all for it. The adjustment from 30 to 50 percent off the room, plus an upgrade to Deluxe Strip View was too good to pass up. As if it couldn't get any better, right? Wrong! Instead of giving me and my friend (who booked her room separately) rooms across from each other, the lady at the front desk gave us adjoining ones. Nice! Housekeeping was very attentive whenever I called them with a request, and the staff at the front desk and valet were wonderful. The one thing I liked most about the hotel is that it's connected by walkway to both Fashion Show Mall and The Venetian/Palazzo Hotels, which some of our friends were staying at. I'm feeling extremely tempted to use the hotel credit they gave me for a future stay...
3	Stayed at the hotel, it was def cheap but the rooms were smaller than some of the other hotels I've been too. Nice thing is they had a pool so it was good to just to tanning somewhere so close. They also had a pho restaurant and a cafe so i didn't have to travel very far for food. They also had the cirque de soleil mystique show there so I didn't even have to travel very far for entertainment. They gave $10 in free slot play which is always nice. Overall it was a good experience, the only thing is it was a little far from the strip but I could manage for a good price.
1	Just checked in and the jerks downgraded my suite!  While the counter clerk was nice, the manager was arrogant and only offered food vouchers.  You just insulted me and checked my room out - what makes you think I want your food?!  Worse no refunds...I am sure I will still have a great time, but based on this experience and what I have heard do not stay at TI or Treasure Island under any circumstances!!!
3	I agree with Avi, I had a great stay because the rooms were comfortable and the price of the rooms are reasonable. The reason I give this place a rating of A-OK is not because I had any bad experiences, but that everything is mediocre in the grand scheme of things.  I didn't gamble too much but their casino is not the best. It's not that I would never come back to T.I again but most likely try a different hotel
3	My girlfriends and I spent a long weekend here over memorial day weekend for a bachelorette party and I must say I was pretty impressed with the place, especially considering the amount of money we were spending.When we first walked in, the perfume-y smell was a little overwhelming but my sensitive nose was able to get over it pretty quickly.  The line moved pretty swiftly and we were in our room less than 20 minutes after stepping into the hotel.The room had 2 king size beds with a decent sized bathroom.  It was clean and the beds were super comfy!!  Nothing to really write home about.  But, once again, for the price we paid over Memorial Day weekend, I think we got a killer deal.  The reason i am giving it an A-OK is because their pool SUCKS.  We had just purchased drinks and sat down for maybe 10 minutes when they told us the pool was closing.  Couldn't they have told us that at the bar??  Anyways, I don't remember what time it was that the pool closed, but I remember it being exceptionally early.  Other than the pool situation, everything here is great.  I know I'll stay here again, but I would like to try other hotels too.
3	I wanted to stay near the strip and decided for TI! The room was great, service was nice but my check in was horrible! OK it was Friday night at 11pm, but was it my fault my flight was delayed? Anyway, having 4 people total at the desk and two were for priority check in. I waited for an hour and a half. So technically I checked in midnight the 26th. They didn't even comp me a meal. I argued to not charge me for Fridays check in since I actually made it in at midnight. They said no, I was tired and didn't feel like starting a fight, plus the line was getting longer by the minute. Once I made it up to my room, the AC was off. There were no lights turned on and I kinda got a bit scared to walk in. Lol I had a view, the view of the Encore and Wynn which was a plus. I did not enjoy resort fee!! If I knew that, I would have stayed somewhere else. I tried the Pho place in TI. I was a bit wasted and didn't finish my food. But I do remember spending $22 bucks for a bowl of soup and 4 pieces of egg rolls. I can get 2 bowls of soup and egg rolls for a cheaper price in San Diego. But I guess it came with it being in a hotel. Overall experience was great. But will I stay here again, maybe I feel like paying the mandatory resort fee.
4	The room was affordable (for LV) and very nice.  The interior is updated and modern with a good style.  I enjoyed Cirque du Solei "Mystre".  The food (at Kahunaville and The Cafe) comes in large portions and is good but very expensive.  The pool is really just for adults and could use some renovation.  It smelled pretty bad as the heat increased.  All in all, I liked the hotel and would stay there again but will first try the other casinos.
4	When I heard that we were staying here for my boyfriends 21st birthday, I kinda thought, "Eww, isn't that one of those icky themed strip hotels?", but I actually really enjoyed Treasure Island. We booked two hotel rooms for a two night stay, a regular room and a suite. We wanted to get the rooms attached, but if we did that we would have to get a king bed instead of two queens, so we settled for across the hall from each other. The suite was really big and had plenty of room for all of the people we had over. The only thing I didn't really understand was that we had two bathrooms. One of the bathrooms had a shower, and the other had a huge whirlpool tub, which was awesome. So we designated the whirlpool bathroom specifically for going #2.....The hotel and casino were kinda small compared to some of the other strip hotels, but we were so close to the strip that it was easy to walk to all of the other ones. The ladies at the check-in counter were also really helpful the several times we had to replace our lost room keys.Not the absolute nicest hotel, but definitely great for the price.
4	A comfortable stay in Vegas with a great view. Hate the resort Fees. However, you get Free wifi, otherwise it's like $14.99 a day for wifi. Not the best deal, can find a comparable hotel in Vegas, like the Monte Carlo, for less once you add the $20.00 resort fees.Besides the Resort Fee, the service was good all around. Check in wa snot slow as mentioned by other posts. Nor was check out a pin either. The buffet here is decent. Fresh and good service. Run of the mill for your $14.00 at lunch time.The best thing was the view. We had a room on 21st floor and wow, the strip view was amazing. Totally worth that Resort Fee.
3	Hotel Room Review: It was OK. The rooms seemed, dare I say, small?? The bathroom was decent. The beds were OK -- not the comfiest I've laid on. We stayed in a double bed room and the beds were on the smaller size. The small window was a bummer and the view was of the Macy's across the street - another bummer. BUT the hallway was nice, lol... Did I mention we kept on hearing ambulance sirens? Well you truly get what you pay for and TI is known for being on the cheaper side for convenience sake.Pool Review: The pool was nice, on the smaller side but nice. I liked how they had a bench running along side the pool, so you were able to sit. The jacuzzi was small so you had to wait for "your turn" to be able to get in it. I liked how they had a DJ by the pool :) One thing I didn't like was the long walk from the our actual hotel room to the pool.
2	Just returned from a trip to Vegas over the 4th.  I selected Treasure Island because years ago, it was a favorite spot for my husband and I and is very centrally located.  On recent trips, we have stayed at a lot of the newer casino/hotels and this time just wanted to regain a little nostalgia.  BAD IDEA.  Found out AFTER we got there that the hotel is no longer an MGM property and hence our player cards were invalid.  The resort fee of $23+ a night is RIDICULOUS.  They give you a list of items that are "covered" and to say it is a joke is an understatement.  The fact that wireless internet is included in that list made the fee less painful until we actually tried to use it and had no luck the entire time we stayed.  The front desk told us that availability was "intermittent" and they could do nothing about it.  The first night we got in extremely late and immediately found that the main lamp in our room did not work, phone did not work and in the morning, I discovered the hair dryer did not work (albeit in the middle of trying to style my hair).  After we reported these problems, they did fix them however did not feel any compensation was in order.  I will say that the bed/mattress was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at any hotel.  Restaurants on the property were way overpriced and below average quality and service.  Gambling was OK but not happy about having to open yet another new player's card on a property that was formerly MGM.  There was also an inequity in the way they establish your player account - my husband's old MGM account was not on file so they gave him several comps for opening a new player account at Treasure Island but because my MGM account was still active in the system, they merely opened a new card for me there and told me I was ineligible for the comps.  Slots VERY tight.  Had a little luck at the tables but we will NEVER return to Treasure Island on future trips to Vegas.  I miss the old Treasure Island and the "homey" feel the place used to have.  The clientele is not what it used to be either.  Not upscale at all.  Better deals available all over the strip.
4	Treasure Island is a very nice hotel and casino to stay while on the strip. The rooms are very neat and you get amazing views of the strip.  The best part is the beds! Very very comfy! As for the casino, it is very neat and pretty with pirates type ambience (obviously). As for the machines itself, it's all the same as any casino to me. I don't notice any other casino that pays out more than any other. Also, go visit they're buffet, it is pretty good.
4	We stopped in and ate the Pho, and it was really good. The server was great. We talked for hours it seemed. It was funny too, because the USA was playing England on the big screen over the bar, and we were barely paying attention.The resort itself is magical. How they move all the water around is flabbergasting. The casino is huge and very well managed.
3	So what do you do  when it's time to check out of your room at the Encore, and you try to add an extra day and it's $400/night?  You check the internet and stay at Treasure Island for $100!I know, when you go from Encore to TI, you may be setting yourself up for disappointment, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Like Kimmy T said, the rooms are updated to be "sleek and modern" and while they were considerably smaller than those at the Wynn and Encore, I didn't feel cramped.  The beds are comfy and there's a nice spacious feeling to an otherwise small room.  The bathrooms, however, were on the smaller side and the TV? Well, let's just say you're better off doing something else.  The casino is a bit on the darker side for me and has this weird air freshener smell.  It was really strong.  It's a little like they were trying a bit too hard to cover up the casino, smoke infested smell.  They do have a nice amount of casual eating options, since in general, they are more open to visitors with families. Other than that, for the price, it really is still a good bet.  The internet specials are the way to go, since they offer better deals than the front desk.  Speaking of the front desk, I had to have my room key reactivated, and the line was longer than the one for Space Mountain at Disneyland.  Only at DLand, they at least move fairly quickly.  They had minimal staff helping and those that did, weren't friendly and obviously were hating being there.  If it weren't for the front desk, they may have made it to 3 1/2 stars, but not today.
1	If I could give ZERO stars or negative stars, best believe that I would.After years of relying on Yelp to help me select restaurants, spas, auto mechanics, dry cleaners, doctors, etc. I am finally opening my own account because I need to write this review for Treasure Island.I come to Vegas all the time...and this was the first time I stayed at Treasure Island.  Worst hotel experience of my life in Las Vegas.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  They charged our credit card for the wrong amount and caused all sorts of problems with our bank.  The entire staff was completely over-the-top rude. I got denied from their lame ass bar called "Gilley's."  This is how it went:Manager at Gilley's: (looking at my ID) You're not 21.Me: No, I'm not. I'm 23.Manager: This isn't you.Me: Yes it is.Manager: What's your sign?Me: Gemini.Manager: This isn't you.Me: What the hell? Yes it is. I look exactly the same. Look, here's my credit card with the same name on it.  And here, look at my phone.  My background has my last name on it.  And I have my e-mail address saved on here with my name.Manager: You're not getting in.Me: What? We've already been to like two clubs tonight.  Look at our stamps.  I'm clearly over 21.  Why don't I go to my room and get my entire wallet to show you my student ID and all my cards?Manager: Don't bother.  We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone and you're not getting in.Oh it gets worse.  Then we try to go to the pool but you need a hotel key to show as proof that you're staying there.  We checked out already so we had returned the key.....I understand that the guy was just doing his job but he was SO RUDE in the way that he told us.  Finally my cousin found a key in her purse that she thought she had lost so he let us in.But I'd say the worst thing that happened at Treasure Island was the fact that the VALET TRIED TO STEAL MY FUCKING CAR.  I got my car back after waiting half an hour for the stupid valet and the anti-theft had been activated.  The car computer had been completely disabled and someone had made several attempts to crack the code.  All my radio stations I had saved had been changed...A CD that was in the disk drive had been removed, and to top it all off the jumper cables that I keep in my trunk had been stashed under the driver's seat.  COMPLETELY SHADY. And they returned my car to me like that!!!Complained to the manager and he said next time we come to Vegas we can get a free suite there.  I told him it wasn't worth it.  I will never stay there again.
4	I have to admit that I was not a fan when I heard that I would be staying at Treasure Island for a bachelorette party.  BUT I totally misjudged and was pleasantly surprised when I got there.  The location was right on the strip connecting to The Fashion Mall, The Palazzo and Venetian...all a bridge walk away.  The rooms were really nice, the sheets were incredibly soft, big bathrooms and for the price....was worth it.  I now had money to spend elsewhere.  They didn't have much for restaurants but that's what the rest of Vegas is for.  If you like to gamble, which I dabbled, the tables were inexpensive at $5 Blackjack.  The pool was small but I still got my tan on so it was all good.  So for the price and location it is well worth it!!!
1	Based on Customer Service: Valet Attendant 5/5Bell Person 0/5 "Sarcastic Prick" If I'm unloading the luggage myself, Do you deserve a tip?Front Desk 4/5In Room Quality 1/5One of the Four Pillow was filthy yellow.  No Bath Towels.Seems as though this hotel is just for looks.  Lack of Customer Service.
1	After this last time I stayed here I will never stay here again. We had a wedding here on the Pirate Ship, so we decided to stay here as well. First we walked up to the invited guests line, because part of the wedding package we were. You would think in this line the people that have the best customer service would be here, this was not the case. I asked for an upgrade from our suite and right away we were told no. I told her we had about 20 rooms booked for all our guests and we had purchased the pirate ship so we were giving them thousands of dollars of business and they could not comp 600 bucks, she did not even bother looking into this. Next we reserved a room on a floor for my wife's mom with all of our other guests. This was really important to her that she be on this floor and we expressed this when we checked in. Her mom got there a few hours later and they gave her room away so her mom had to be on another floor. Next at the wedding we had brought our own song for the end music and we tested it the day before on the chapel and it worked on their system. The day of the wedding they come running up to my wife just as she is about to walk out and told her that the song would not work outside, my wife told them to ask me what to I wanted to play in place of it. They never asked me, and at the end of the cermony they choose the song on their own, turned to be Elvis, Vivia Las Vegas which is about the stupidest song to play for a wedding. The rooms here are nice, but if you expect anything in terms of service don't stay here. These people don't know what service is and treat you like crap.
4	Rooms were pretty nice. Seemed newly remodeled. Very nice clean bathrooms. Flat screen TVs and very comfy bed spreads. Casino was alright... kinda small though, and very small poker room. Was going to go to the club here, but ended up not going, but there's no cover and you can sit outside on couches. Only place to eat here was this tiny pizza place, and a western restaurant that I didn't go to. The pizza was EXTREMELY greasy. I wouldn't go back. They also have a ben and jerrys, which surprisingly wasn't over priced for being vegas. Would I stay here again? Maybe, it's a little out of the way for "casino hopping" but I feel it gets a bad rap it doesn't deserve.
4	(+)-great location-cheaper than other hotels in same ideal location on the strip-had a nice view of the strip from our room-played good music at the pool(-)-2 queens and small flat screen tv just cant compare to venetian's 2 queens, couch w/pullout bed, 2 large flatscreen tvs, and tv in the bathroom.-bad lighting in hotel room-no fridge-frickin impossible to find seats by the pool-pool felt dirtyIf you ever decide to go to the stairway for any reason, theres no air conditioning there and you can only open it from the hallway, once the door closes its locked and you're stuck in the stairway. not fun trust.apparently guests also get free admission to the christian audigier club in treasure island (if you get there before 12pm) which sounds like douchey white guy central. we checked it out friday night, it was lameskiesWas around 297 for two nights (fri-sun) plus 44 bucks resort fee (bout 20 bucks a night). We fit 4 girls horizontally on one queen and 3 guys on the other. Overall a good experience, room wasnt as nice as venetian but did the job. Highly recommend bc of location.
4	If you don't bother reading the rest, read this paragraph at least: there is a free tram that connects TI to the Mirage (because they are sister properties). Use the fact that you're staying at the TI to get on the guest list for JET nightclub (at the Mirage); if you're a girl, you'll have an easier time, and it never hurts to just go to the Mirage during the day and talk to the bell desk. They say it's $30 more to get a strip view, but if it's low season, you might get the upgrade if you're very very nice. TI's club, Tangerine, was closed for renovations when I arrived, so that was a bummer. There is a skybridge that connects to Fashion Show Mall; go to the half-priced tickets counter at the Mall to get discounts on shows, including the onsite show Mystere.There are so many things I loved about this hotel. First, if you stay here, you are steps away from what I consider the best Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas: MYSTERE. I have a separate review for that. On to other things I like:The pool isn't incredibly large, but definitely refreshing. More than enough towels to go around, and the poolside bar has friendly and engaging bartenders. The Caribbean tropical theme is alive and well at the pool, which made me feel like I was truly in a desert oasis. There is a young, hip feeling to the place, and not thousands of kids like you might think would be there. If you had a large group with you, it looked like it would be fun to rent a cabana for the day (about $250 during the week I think).The casino area is attractive and not too large, unlike Caesar's or the Mirage. I always felt like I had my bearings there. The general layout of the hotel is pretty easy-flowing and the front desk provides you with a map. In general, I was very pleased with the front desk; they upgraded me both times I checked into the hotel (long story), and there are free coupons for 2-for-1 drinks.I did not eat at any of the restaurants or get pampered at the spa, but the samples from WET (the spa) in the room were very delicious-smelling and luxurious. The hotel is going through renovations (when are Vegas rooms not...?). I stayed on the 34th floor, and the view was divine, but don't trust my words alone: see the pictures.
2	the casino doesn't look great but the renovated rooms are pretty nice for a good price. they also charge you $20 for some service crap when checking in. I would recommend Mirage over TI for about the same price. Mirage has more things do than just a pirate attraction.
4	If you shop around you usually can find a good rate for this hotel. The casino is small but the rooms are okay for the price I paid. Good location but small pool.
2	We got a suite on the 35th floor with a great view of the stip and fireworks show, however the casino is not so great. Cocktail service is slow and forgetful and they don't even comp cigarettes here while I was playing min. $50/ hand for a few hours. The food at the Sports Cafe was great, had the Teriyaki Salmon and my friends had the Surf & Turf. Room service was good but the hotel ran out of pillows....and one more thing, their valet service sucks. They wouldn't let me valet my car because I didn't have my room key on me..wtf? lol
4	Treasure Island is really nice and affordable if you're splitting the price with friends.  It was spacious, clean, and the bed was superrr comfortable.  Also a great place to gamble.  The only reason I wouldn't stay here again is because even though it's in the middle of the strip, all the good clubs are on the other side.  It's a pain in the BUTT to cross the street in Vegas (when you're wearing heels).  Everything takes extra long.  But other than that a great hotel.
4	I love watching the free show. I like walking through the casino. I took alot of pictures of this place. The side walk was packed with people.
4	3.5 stars.My friends and I totally lucked out and got to stay here for free because my cousin had an extra room. SCORE!!The room was clean, bed was pretty comfy, and I loved how we could connect our iPod to the radio. So fun for getting ready to go out! Service is also great! We asked for 4 more towels, and a guy came SUPER fast to get them to us. But he gave us like 8 instead AND he was sooo nice! The hotel is in a pretty good location because it's across the street from Wynn and Encore. But girls, for your feet's sake I'd definitely recommend taking a taxi to get to the clubs on the other side because the walking distance is a lot longer than it seems.Overall, TI is a decent hotel but I'd still prefer staying at the Palazzo with its hugeee suite-style rooms. But if you're on a tighter budget or wanna save some money, TI is an excellent choice!
1	Didn't stay here but visited for dinner & the  'entertainment' - if you can call it that.  Got swindled by Tix4Tonight into getting buffet tickets 'at a HUGE discount' (according to them) which turned out to be....$3 off.  Er.  Ok, whatever - it's a buffet, they're all the same right? Wrong.The Buffet (as it's known in the casino/hotel) was small, not very clean and filled with loud people seated too close together.  We saw our server exactly twice.  The food was meh - uninspired, overcooked and cooling rapidly beneath awkwardly spaced bars.  The dessert bar was the only highpoint - it was decently filled with a wide selection of mini & regularly sized sweet things - bread pudding, pies, cakes, donuts, cookies, ice cream & cotton candy.  The main free 'entertainment' - and I use the term loosely - at Treasure Island is the revamped pirate ship show outside on the Strip called "Sirens of TI".  The plot  was non-existent, the music & badly lipsync-ed lyrics were a joke, the choreography executed with lackluster synchronization by the barely dressed-by-Frederick's-of-Hollywood female cast.   The last was possibly the only good thing (for the men) in the audience.   Surely not for the many children attending the show with their irresponsible parents.  Gilly's bar, inside the casino near the Siren Cove, has a bull to ride but don't try to watch through the windows...security  will quickly come by and board up the windows from the inside.  Way to go, guys - that's a GREAT way to draw people inside.
4	For the price, you can't go wrong with TI. I think I paid like $55/night and the room was definitely worth it. I can't say it was luxurious but it wasn't the Tropicana, either. It was clean, relatively quiet and the hotel itself was totally acceptable.The only thing I will say is that I was placed on the front side of the resort and everytime they did their 11pm pirate show, I could plainly hear the cannons right next to my window. I doubt anyone actually goes to bed at 11pm in Vegas but if I did (or if I had a family), this would probably annoy me.I was there on business so I didn't have the chance to eat, gamble or see the pool at TI. But for strictly rooms, I felt that I got my money's worth.
5	awesome price (on line) 50.00 a nightclean spacious room super comfy bedipod radiobell hops were nice and quickgreat views pool looked funfree sirens show !!club was full of people on a monday night.mystere circus, awesome showgood places to eat ie: pizza, cafe, krispy creme and many others. . .strong drinks at kahunaville, awesome bar tending and entertaining.nice atmosphere sexy card dealers,  won some money!!!only negative was the bus took forever to pick up. over an hour! however that is no fault of the hotel. would like it if there were a tram that travelled farther down the strip.
4	Stayed here for a pretty decent rate because we went in October.  4 girls in one room 3 guys in the room next door - very convenient because they gave us a room with a connecting door so we could all hang out together despite being in different rooms.  Everything was very clean and very much worth the cost!  After a night of clubbing, I knocked out but my friends went out to gamble in the casino and came up $200, $400 and $800.  Moral of the story:  when slightly intoxicated, do not fall asleep, go downstairs and gamble!  (jk, please do not follow this advice)
3	So this review is EXTREMELY late since I went last year. However, with one of my best friends getting married, and some groomsmen getting the stereotypical idea of going to Vegas for a bachelor party (and me shaking my head in disapproval,) all those memories are rushing back to my conscious... and it REALLY makes me want to write a review.Honestly, I really wanted to do a review on JUST the Strip itself because I just want to bitch about the Strip. It just doesn't look like it's possible. If I can write a review on the Mission, how come I can't write one about one goddamn street? I digress. I'll still bitch about the Strip, but also give a fair review of Treasure Island.So my friend was leaving for Peace Core service and he wanted to go on one last road trip. Oh, if only I could give a review about THAT trip. I guess that's what regular blogs are for. Whatever. So he wanted to go to Vegas because he had never gone. And since I never went, I was curious and agreed to go. Our partner in crime... er... road trips... was also interested, but he brought along his girlfriend at the time. Great... yeah... that's what you do. Invite your girlfriend on a guys' road trip to Vegas. Your girlfriend that you just got with two weeks ago and never really established herself within the group so that we could all get use to her. Great. I digress... again.So I looked online, and after looking at the Luxor and some other hotels, we all agreed that TI was the best deal... and viewing the other hotels that we might have gone to and walking around inside, I'm really glad we went with TI.We finally get there... the free parking lot was pretty far away from the reception desk and it was really confusing as to whether we could park there before we check in or whatever. The person that I talked to for my room was pretty rude... some middle aged woman. We had to walk through the distracting lights and sounds of the casino to get to the elevators to our hotel room. I could care less about gambling (I only bet a dollar or two, lost, and never looked back at the machines.)The most important part of a hotel -- the room -- was very satisfactory. The beds were REALLY comfortable. The bathrooms were relatively clean and very spacious. The view from whatever floor we were on was breathtaking (for like a second) and showed a great deal of the southern part of the Strip.The restaurants within the place are a bit overpriced. But I guess one would expect that from a tourist trap. The banquet had tons of food... it felt like a cafeteria... an overpriced cafeteria. I know that's the purpose of an all-you-can-eat place... I just kinda have a problem with "all-you-can-eat." By paying such a hefty price to get inside, you feel obligated to get tons of shit, even to the point where you should stop eating... I guess that's why there's tons of obese people in Vegas. Once again, I digress.Their fancy shmancy pirate getup outside their hotel was closed either for renovations or repair or whatever. I didn't mind all that much since I didn't stay there for that anyway.So why 3 stars instead of 4? Because Yelp won't let me give fractions of a star. It's more of a 3.5, but I really don't think it deserves a 4. Rude receptionists and overpriced eateries ruin it for me. It definitely deserves credit for being a cheap alternative to the over-the-top hotel/casinos that inhabit the Strip without totally sacrificing quality. I was inside Excalbur and the Luxor, and I'm just glad I didn't go with those casinos.... something about them just didn't feel right.Personally, I just don't like the Strip. Maybe the rest of Vegas ain't that bad. But just walking around the Strip makes me feel surrounded by cigarette smoke and desperation. And bad body odor. Sin City is a very alluring nickname, since I'm the exact opposite of being overly religious and conservative, and have my own vices just like everyone else who comes here. It's just that my vices can be taken care of without having to go here and not feeling totally shitty after spending a day or two in it. And smelling like cigarette smoke. To me, it's just all  overrated. If I wanted to get drunk or gamble my money away or have a cute chick bounce on my lap and show off her goods, I can do it for WAY cheaper here in the Bay Area without having to deal with desert heat.So if you're easily distracted by pretty lights and bodies and fancy drinks and want to waste a whole bunch of money, and you say, "Hey, Vegas has exactly all of that!" then TI is a great hotel to stay at. It's nearly not as pricey as the other hotels (and seriously, you're not going to be in your hotels for the majority of the trip), the beds are comfortable, and it's not too far away from other hotel/casinos or bars or strip clubs, if you're into those things. And if the groomsmen force me to go to Vegas... which they better fucking not... then I'm going to suggest going to TI. Otherwise, I probably won't come here again.
4	I enjoyed my time at TI, the bed was super comfy. I felt refreshed  the next day ready to encounter the next days adventure. Very Quiet, room was decent, my rate was pretty good as well. The overall decor was modern. Valet staff was on point as well, i hate parking my car during the summer heat in vegas, lol.There was a couple negatives though one was our room had no view at all but at the same time i really dont care for the view i just wanted to stay comfortably.  The next was the 20$ resort fee, which was somewhat made up because it included free wi-fi but i didn't use what else was included in the fee. The gambling area was small but good enough, Id probably come again.
3	I think it's a beautiful hotel but is a tad bit expensive. They charge you a resort fee whether you use the pool or not. I went in March and it was quite cool so not really worth being outside. The hotel smelled a little bit funky almost like a church smell. It was almost overbearing at time. The room was nice and it's cool that you get upfront privileges to see the sirens show. I really liked it but it wasn't the best hotel I've ever stayed in. I think the hotel itself is beautiful.
3	I had a pretty decent experience on my visit at the end of July. We arrived on Thursday prior to regular check in hours but were serviced immediately. I had a deluxe room which I ask the desk clerk if there were any Strip views available she more than happily accommodated at no charge. Although my room was far from the elevator the strip view was awesome.  When I arrived at my room I was please at the cleanliness.  The only down side of the room that I could pick out was there was not a refrigerator.  I mean really TI!!!!.  Another downside of the hotel is the pool was on the small side compared to alot of the other hotels on the Strip.  The casino itself was ok  nothing to brag about.  I did not visit any of the restaurants based on the reviews that I read.The staff I can say made my visit very pleasant.  The conceirge was very helpful when I needed assistance with places to go and the best way to get there.  The Bell Desk was very accomodating as well.Overall, I would stay again if I come across another good deal.
4	Had a special arrangement. Check-in friday night, there was a line, but many clerks. No one was in the VIP lounge, so check-in took about a minutes. Stuffed my backpack full of water, soda, and Heineken. They even had cognac.Got the 33rd Floor Strip-facing. The view is quite different from up here.Last time i came here was 3 or 4 years ago, I hated the room so much that I wanted to avoid it. Things have changed, looks much better now. What's inside?Hair-dryerLock21'' or 23'' philips tv (no rca connection)Internet is $14.99 for 24 hr or $7.99 for 2-hours wired or wireless"wide" sofa can't remember what their called. So technically if there are two beds, 6 people can sleep comfortably. But I got the one-bed so don't know if they have the sofa for two bed.
1	You know one thing that makes me bitter? Childhood memories being done away with. This T.I. thing is bullshit. What happened to MY Treasure Island?What kid didn't have a pirate phase? I was lucky to live in close proximity to the Mutiny Bay video arcade. It seems like it has been almost completely forgotten, which is sad. To be honest with you, I have trouble remembering it myself. The only things about it which are fresh in my mind are those creepy skeletons out front which intimidated me every time I came here and that it was a lot of fun.What happened to it? About 80% of it was replaced with a wannabe Bahama Breeze like establishment. The other 20% became a theme-less hallway of games(so small and plain I'm not sure if it warrants being called a full blown arcade). And please, don't get me started on how they bastardized the pirate show.The outside looks almost exactly the same, but they painted the tower mahogany and I actually think it looks nicer than the original pale orange color. Also, they changed one of the ships for the Sirens and fucked up *cough* I mean redesigned one of the coolest marquees ever so it would look ~hip. The inside is a totally different story. What was originally a cool Pirate Cove motif that actually slightly scared my 6 year old self has been changed into a half-assed Caribbean/Polynesian theme that the Mirage, Mandalay Bay and, hell, even the TROPICANA pull off so much better. Circus Circus may not be the place I once knew, but at least it's still familiar despite it's somewhat rundown and desperate state. What the hell is THIS?
3	Stayed at Treasure Island recently and thought it was okay. Some friends and I were in a suite and jr. suite and the first thing I noticed is that it is way too dark. Turning on all the lights still didn't light up the room sufficiently.Amenities are good and bed was nice. The windows seem pretty thin though. The room faced the pool area and because I was out until morning, I wanted to sleep a bit during the day, but was kept up by booming music from the pool. The big suite faced the strip, but was right near where they shoot fireworks so it can startle you. Also the TV is too small for the size of the room. Great location and good hotel, plus blackjack was friendly to me this time so it made the stay more enjoyable.
4	It's better than I thought. The room is pretty nicely done and the bed is very comfortable. I guess they did renovation and it has the simple modern style. For staying on the strip that won't break your budget, should definitely consider this hotel.
4	If you need a cheap stay, TI has been good to me the past 2 times I stayed here.  Rooms are cheap when you order online through deals.  It's worth it when you are not planning to get any sleep at all, unless they are naps that you can squeeze in between your partying.  It is located right in the middle of the strip, near the popular clubs.  Perfect location across the Palazzo.  No complaints there.  Great show: Mystere, that I can recommend!Who cares!  We just need a bed!The rooms themselves are clean.  Lighting is a bit too dark though.  They do try to put the modern decor.  Beds are comfortable I may say.  Good amount of down pillows and blankets.  Nothing to complain there.  Service is efficient.But man, their flat screen is so puny.... I can barely see it from my bed... They need to upgrade!!
4	Very Nice.I was expecting the rooms to be a tinyyy bit bigger though as well as the flat screen..but its all good!....I love the Fact that its right in the middle of the strip, and they have a pool party every saturday!..it was getting crazay up in there!.. and it wasnt super expensive...wouldnt mind staying here again.
4	Nice, newly renovated hotel with a lot going for it.  Pretty much in the heart of the strip, walking distance to everywhere.  Bridge connects to the Palazzo and Venetian, so you never really have to go street level if you don't want to.  Rooms are nice and clean.  Hotel rooms are solid.  Beds are super comfy.  But, who goes to Vegas to sleep?The buffet is pretty hit or miss.  I've had an amazing champagne brunch there on Sunday before, but this previous Sunday was pretty much a let-down.  Spend a fews dollars more and go to a place like the Wynn or Venetian.Our room was LVB-side, so we got to see (and somewhat hear) a lot of the pirate shows in the evening from our hotel room window.  A great view of the fireworks.Will go to again, with the special promotional discount price we got from booking online.
1	I've not been back to Las Vegas since 2002 in February, it wasn't due to a lack of interest just that it isn't a place I would take the kids, so we decided to not travel back so often... more then 8 years later the experience was less then grand and that was largely due to Treasure Island, which is not a treasure at all. The Manager at the front desk who listened to my complaints was kind enough to look around as I explained what I was displeased with; even looked at his cell phone a couple of times. The front desk manager was a younger guy, round in face and body with dark hair; he was the perfect example of someone who should be washing dishes or taking out the garbage because very simply he should NOT interact with other people. My complaints were about how we were greeted, to our room and continued on to the general attitude of all the staff. In every store we went employees were constantly checking their cell phones, not really listening to you or treating you with an "oh great an interruption to our conversation just walked in." I was surprised that the Manager had the same attitude, when I informed him that I would not ever return to his hotel, he simply stated he would give us a comp to The Coffee Shop or Buffet to our choice but didn't have much else to say. I was encouraged to go speak to managers of the different areas of the hotel I had issue with, but that was it. Please see my reviews of the other locations within the hotel. The hotel Lobby - No sign or indication where to check in, but the "Check Out" counter was HUGE and the first thing you see when you enter... I guess that is because people are more encouraged to leave this establishment then enter. Stale smoke was in the air, every staff member sighed, looked at their phones and tried to get you to leave quickly... for us it meant we had to return because we received the wrong package, and when we informed them we were told we couldn't be helped and we had to go to the Mystere counter and they would have not just our appropriate 2 free buffet tickets but our Mystere tickets, of course they took back the initial package they gave us with the 2 for 1 buffet and Cocktails. Our room was clean, the staff who cleaned was nice, anyone of them should have been promoted to manager, we were in room 6073. While at the Blackjack table, they increased the dollar amount while I was at it, later I found out when a table is empty they lower the minimum then increase it as soon as 1-3 people sit down, and at one point I needed to hit a cash machine and informed if I left I would lose my lower Minimum. I was lucky to see the cocktail waitress once an hour, and she would either get orders or drop off drinks, not both at the same time. So if she was dropping drinks off at the table and someone tried to order she said "No, I will be back" and she'd come back maybe 20min later. One of the dealers who was at the table though nice had a bit of a superior attitude and kept informing two British men who were playing that she deserved a tip, and would take a portion of their winnings and declare "That's yours this is mine" and pop it in her tip box, although they didn't protest to it never in a million years would I have put up with that. She didn't try it on anyone else, but it certainly wasn't appropriate. The amenities at the TI (Treasure Island) are nil, there are 4 places to eat that I saw, a costume jewelry store, Mystere (which has to be the worst Cirque Du Solei show I have ever seen (and I've seen 3 others which I loved). If I go back to Vegas I would NEVER return to this hotel, and I would also mention that most of the hotels now are owned by the same companies, which means there is no competition; if you stay at one and have a bad experience they just expect you'll stay at another they own. The TI is horribly located, has no real redeeming features and the staff from the front door, servers, bar tenders, restaurants all the way to the manager would rather ignore you then show you that they're pleased you chose to have a vacation in their establishment.
4	My kids and I stayed here last weekend and we enjoyed our visit. Nice room with a safe. Great pool and there was a DJ on sunday...fun! The gym facility was nice and good machines. My kids enjoyed the Sirens of TI show. Just an all around nice hotel and casino. We got the $79 a night TV special, great deal! I will for sure be back next summer.
4	My favorite stay on the Las Vegas strip! Very nice and clean rooms. No matter which room you are in, you are going to have some sort of fantastic view, either of mountains or of the strip itself. Staff is very friendly and does try to accommodate any requests that you have.By far the best buffet on the strip too!
3	Good for the price.. stayed in the tower suite which I expected to be a bit bigger from the pictures I saw on the website but it was decent.. had two bathrooms which was convenient for 7 girls. room became a total mess and basically trashed but the maid was amazing and put up with our crap.. she even constantly swapped out our towels.. thank you!! our view from the room was cool. we saw the strip and the wynn, encore, palazzo were directly across the street. I wouldn't mind staying here again...
4	one more reason not to ever go back to luxor! the rooms are new-ish! cozy ass beds...my friend wanted to buy one for herself ha ha! great service...they forgot our room service so they brought it up immediately, comped us, and gave us free cheap champagne! full-length mirror! the coffee shop has bomb-ass food! omg...cant praise this place enuff!the only minor cons are that the lighting was dim and the pool sucked. but every pool is gonna suck if it's not encore beach club! also, ha ha, it's actually too close to venetian and palazzo. the cabs gave us hell for making them drive us across the street :P
4	This is a clean hotel, but no bathroom ventilations or refrigerator. Go across the street to the Panda Express,  McD's, and Chipolte's. They have a Pho restaurant and even though the portion is huge there isn't any taste at all. For those of you who don't know, that's Vietnamese noodle soup.
4	Fiance & I stayed here for a quick 2 day visit and I must say I was very impressed with the hotel. Lived here in high school and have always stayed at a house when in town. For my first Las Vegas hotel, I'd say it's awesome!!The room was clean with a nice modern, minimalist decor. We had a view of the strip and pool. The bed was soooo cozy! I've always raved about Westin's Heavenly Beds but TI's was like being hugged by a cloud! Loved the soft pillows too! The hotel itself didn't have too many options for dining and shopping that I liked. We tried the buffet for breakfast-- the food was good quality but not too many selections. Also saw the Mystere show-- it was so awesome! For someone that went to LV often, this was embarrassingly my first show! There were tons of cute comedy routines, and of course crazy acrobatic stunts! I was in-love with the blonde-hair girls that bang on these huge drums while suspended over us! Mesmerizing! We also had our photos taken prior to the show by Cashman and they turned out so cute!Overall, I'd stay here again. It's a great deal for the price! Maybe not next time but definitely when we come back!
4	Absolutely delightful !!!
3	Pros: room is well-decorated, clean, and nicely sized.Cons: no in-room coffee maker or fridge.  Missing "Privacy Please" hang tag caused an unwanted 8:30am wake up call.  8:30am in Vegas is WAY too early!
4	"What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"...I finally figured out what that really means...your money.I stay at TI most of the time that I come to Vegas and that is about twice a year.  On this stay, I stayed for free due to a 2 night comp offer from TI.  Score!  Not really....I'm starting to think I have a gambling problem.  I donated another $600 to this casino this trip and now i'm sad.  Oh, the things I could have bought.  But why still the 4 stars?  Well, when you are a casino invited guest, you get to bypass the super long check in line...makes you feel pretty important.  The rooms are clean, beds are comfy and I like where the TI is located.  It's directly across from the Venetian/Wynn...and I love the convenience of a tram that connects to the Mirage.  Saves you a cab ride and from there it's just a quick walk to the forum shops at the Cesaer and the always classy Bellagio hotel.  If you want to do some more shopping, there is a bridge that connects to the Fashion Show Mall too.  There is a free show called "Sirens of the TI" outside of the hotel too.  It's basically a bunch of skimpy dressed girls that tempt a bunch of pirates onto their boat...with their singing and gyrating.  It's nothing spectacular, but hey it's free right?The TI has a bunch of food choices to choose from too.  Gilley's recently opened up (bbq)...i'd pass on that.  I tried it and didn't think it was anything special and overpriced.  Oh, and they have the only pho on the strip...given it's nothing spectacular but when you have a hangover the next day, it's the best remedy.  If you want a quick bite, Francesca's just opened...it's a pizza joint.  You can grab a slice or a whole pie.  Of course, every hotel in Vegas has a buffet and so does the TI.  There's also a steak house, Kahunaville (island fare), Khotan (Japanese), and for you caffeine addicts, good old trusty starbucks.  And of course, how can I leave out the gambling?  I like gambling here too...MOST of the dealers are nice and will help you out with advice if you aren't sure what to do.  There is a good variety of games-blackjack, roulette, baccarat, poker, pai gow poker, your usual slots or as i like to call them, "sluts" and craps.  There are a ton more but then this review will never end.  I generally have a great experience here except for this trip. The "sluts" weren't giving it up, the dealers raped me for all my money, and Vegas basically took me down.  Until next time...
4	I wasn't sure about staying here at first.  I  doesn't look that nice from the outside and I just imagined cheesy pirate stuff everywhere but luckily it was not like that at all.  Everything is nice and modern, the rooms are not the biggest but they are still pretty nice and  the breakfast buffet is one of my favorites.
1	Recommendation: Try another hotel and you will avoid wasting your precious days-off.The whole lobby and casino floor was scented with a perfume-like fragrance which was way too strong. The scent was so strong it felt like my nose was burning inside. I'm not  kidding.The Check-In line was long but went by reasonably quick, but it was pretty warm for a hotel lobby. I was pretty uncomfortable.The room floors did not have that awful scent the lobby and casino had. The A/C was not as strong and cool as I was hoping for when I entered the room.  The wifi internet did not work when I needed it. When I called the front desk he said to wait 30 minutes so he can reset it.  The shower head was so clogged up it didn't work very well. Looked too old.The window in room was too small, but view was nice of strip.The guest service book was no where to be found as well.A new towel that was hanging in bathroom had a huge brown and yellow stain on it. It looked so disgusting.The ironing board was stained and very dirty looking, but iron was in great shape,Bed was comfortable and pillows were too.The TV is a small LCD screen that has low end quality.Although the location is great if you want to see other hotels that are walking distance to it like the Belagio, Ceasars, The Venetian, The Wynn, and even the Mall.It was relatively inexpensive when I booked it, but recently I saw they were charging $230/night, that's double what I paid . I felt ripped-off when I paid about $115/night for my stay.
3	this is a great place for the college crowd.  The prices and good and the rooms are renovated and clean.  The location can't be beat as it's across the street from the Palazzo and the Fashion Square mall.  I'm a bit spoiled on the Vegas rooms and won't return here but if you are young, I would stay here for the price and the fact that the crowd at the pool is full of young, good looking people (who couldn't afford the Wynn).
3	This place has high highs, and low lows as far as our stay went. Here is the good, the bad, and the ugly. The good: You walk out the door and you are up close and personal with the Siren's cove. Guests get front row priority for their show. Its close to everything. I liked the casino and the hurricane bar. The buffet is probably the best I have been to. We sat next to the dessert kitchen. Watching the chefs at work was just awesome. The bad: When we arrived, they were over booked even though I'd called earlier in the day to let them know what time I'd be getting there to check in to guarantee that they would have my room. So much for that. They shuttled us over to the Trump and gave us a free stay. The Trump was amazing.  The room was kind of small or seemed that way because the furniture seemed to over power it.The ugly: Because our first night got comp'd because they didn't have a room, they refunded me my first nights deposit and charged me for the second night, which I thought was stupid because they should have just applied what I'd already paid for the second night. I booked a second room for our friends. My friend payed in cash for the second night. I should have been returned both my deposit and his, since it was all on my card and he paid cash for the second night. When we got home, I waited the standard 5 business days to see everything post to my bank account. The didn't refund me enough money. It took two weeks and 10 emails arguing with the manager, who was never there when I called, to get them to refund the right amount of money. Its a good place with great discounts... as long as you don't have to make any changes to how you are being charged. They were a nightmare to deal with.
2	Rude staff in the front desk.They will charge you a $22+tax fee dir use of their gym room, office area and Internet access, it doesnt matter if you have NO intentions of using the facilities at all, they claim that is imposed by "the city". However many of the big hotels son charge it (ie bellagio, cesar's)I'm not going to support that bs. I will stay in one or the other hotels.
5	THE BEST HOTEL IVE EVER STAYED AT!!!my boyfriend booked our room here for my birthday he gave me a choice of whatever room i wanted, (so many options) but i ended up going with a room with a view of the las vegas strip! which seemed appropriate, so i'm not sure what the exact total was but our room was beautiful, clean and our bed was ridiculously comfortable!!! We had great views we stayed for 4 nights in mid March. We arrived on a thursday left Monday. The front desk even gave us a early check in which was nice . The staff was very nice at the front desk. room even had its own private elevator where we had to use our key to get to our level which was a bust at times because i had to find it in my purse..I loved there casino! its not confusing at all like some hotels are, its big and organized. Free drinks are a plus and the cocktail waitresses are always around so very happy with that, also there sirens show was fun! lots going on, i felt like i was at disneyland.All there restaurants have amazing food at affordable pricing for our visit. i really enjoyed kahunaville (amaxng drinks!!!) ETC..., Our friends stayed at circus circus and the hilton, there casinos weren't that great, but i felt comfortable at our casino. most of the time i didn't want to leave. TI is exactly across the street from the fashion show mall which was a double plus!! i really enjoyed my stay here!
3	For a moderately priced hotel on the strip this place was Okay.  They have a good air exchange system in the casino so the darn smokers aren't killing us all and you won't smell like an ashtray after gambling some.  They do charge the highest amount in what is called the "resort fee" for items most will never use and their fee is even than the higher and lower ends hotels in the same area.  Staff not especially friendly but efficient.  The buffet is the same menu for lunch and dinner every day of the week, disappointing.  They do clean up the rooms late in the morning which was nice so we could sleep in from the night before.  As far as this being the best hotel ever as some have stated for those that like to travel and have stayed else where trust this is not the best ever.  We got a suite with a strip view, it was up high enough that the view was great.  Again, for a moderately priced hotel this was nice but next time we'll spend the extra money again to stay else where such as Trump or Venetian.
3	The rooms are dark. They should have more light in the room. Also there's no fridge or microwave. I understand not having an microwave. The LCD TV is small, I think it's a Phillips 32". The hot water is not hot enough when you take a shower or bath. The big negative is that here's a Resort Fee (about $20). They should just add this to grand total not try to hide it. I watched the Pirate show in front of the hotel which was okay. My room was in the back on the 8th floor and I was surprise that we can not hear the sound from the pirate show which is a plus.The good part about Treasure Island is that the hotel is in the middle of the strip. Well, to me the hotels between Wynn and Paris Paris/Bellagio (maybe Planet Hollywood) are the central of attraction. Anything beyond it you're not missing much. You might want to visit Fremont Street also.
5	My girlfriends and I stayed here last July for 5 nights and I have no complaints.Check in: We arrived to the hotel at about 130 PM and there was a huge line of 30 people. The line went fairly slow but we didn't mind waiting. When we got to the counter we requested joining rooms and received joining rooms. We prepaid for our entire stay so check out was as simple as making a phone call.Rooms: The rooms were spacey and the beds were extremely comfortable! The rooms did have plasma TVs that we never turned on but they looked nice. The washrooms were clean and big. We had 5 girls in two rooms and we never were in each others way because there was plenty of space.Maid Service: We stayed here for 5 nights and everyday our room was cleaned and toiletries and towels were stocked. We did leave a note for extra towels along with a tip and we were given plenty of extra towels.Location: The hotel is right next to fashion show mall which is a plus, there is a Walgreen's across the street by the Venetian and the Mirage is a short walk away. This location was perfect for us as we would either walk to where we were going or take a $10 cab ride down the strip.Food: There are plenty of good restaurants in this hotel, but our favorite was the Cafe. They have the best burgers and are open 24 hours. We did order room service a few times and the food comes from the Cafe.Nightlife: Walking distance to XS, Tryst, Tao. We did check out the Christian Audigier club one night on our way to Tao and it was empty. There were no more then 25 people in the club.Shows: We watched Mystere and it was amazing. This was my first cirque de soleil and I enjoyed it a lot. I don't want to spoil the show but I would definitely recommend watching it.Pool: The pool was small and there were a lot of people enjoying in the sun. There was a lot of empty seats near the pool and in the shade. All of their Cabanas were empty as its not worth spending the money to have a Cabana at this pool.Overall I would definitely stay here again, we got a good rate, the staff were really friendly and the location is great.
3	Treasure Island was conceived as a family friendly hotel/resort, but since Vegas began marketing itself as "Sin City", family vacationeers have strayed away from Vegas.  Since then, Treasure Island has renovated itself to cater to the adult audience.  Hopefully now it will survive casino Darwinism.
3	Hey, I was just happy to be on vacation.... but... we got there and the line to check in was SO LONG. It literally took us OVER an hour! They came by with water, so that was cool I guess. At least they were thoughtful. Anyhow, we get to the front and are informed that there's a $20 per day resort fee for the pool and the use of their internet... there's no way around this, we get charged an additional $80 for crap we don't need. The room itself was pretty decent. Modern, and we had a great view of the strip. I loved just standing in the window and looking at everything that was going on out there. I could see the Volcano at Mirage, the gondolas at the Venetian and even the tip of the watershop at Bellagio... kinda neat! The bed was amazingly comfy. I drunkenly passed out in it several times.We ate at Pho... it was good, but it was no different from pho at home that is 5 bucks a bowl and somehow in Vegas we spent like 50. I don't remember what happened with that, because again... I was drunk :)Kahunaville's food kind of sucked I think...but then it was breakfast and I was hungover, so maybe it was me.We ended up going to the pool (hey, we paid $80 so we figured we should use it)... it was rediculously packed. It is only waist high and you are packed in like sardines. Grossness. We did get some kind of ultra sugary drink with a test tube of liquor and a gummy worm in it - WIN!!The hotel has a tram that takes you to the Mirage which was nice. The buffet at the Mirage was awesome. I don't think a coctail waitress ever came over to me while gambeling and so I never got any free drinks... and that's lame. I wouldn't NOT stay here again, but I was kind of pissed about the resort fee that NO ONE tells you about while you're booking your room. Then again, my boyfriend paid for the room so I shouldn't complain at all. Maid service was good and always restocked our room for us. Bell staff was awesome and they even held our bags on check out day so that we could walk the strip for a few hours before heading to the airport for our 9pm flight.
1	This "luxury" hotel leaves ALOT to be desired. This trip was planned to celebrate my nephew's 21rst birthday. Thanks to TI's lack of communication, efficiency, professionalism, and customer relations, this special occasion could very nearly have been ruined. I won't go into the gory details but suffice it to say that not only does TI need to retrain their staff on how to check guests in and out of rooms properly, ie if you are switching rooms for a guest, MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THEM OUT OF THEIR ORIGINAL ROOM AND INTO THEIR NEW ROOM!!!! Also, on the tail of that, perhaps have a policy so that if housekeeping discovers a room that their system says should be empty (because the check-in/out person didn't follow the above-mentioned capitalized words) that instead of taking the items to lost and found, that security and staff investigate as to why the room is obviously occupied by people who are going to be returning as evidenced by the clothes, electronics, and toiletries. And maybe have their system set up so that a room key cannot be coded for a specific room until that room has actually be checked-in, that might actually help when trying to follow the capitalized words and prevent the second potential situation from happening. And perhaps if possible situations such as the ones described, that people don't have to fight for the situation be resolved. Oh, and maybe try to keep their eyes open for the three inch roaches running across their lobby. Apparently they are sturdy enough that if you kick them they sorta skitter away a bit and flip over.
3	definitely a college party going on, when you have more people staying than you're suppose to have.We had 2 beds and managed to fit 3 per bed, it wasn't as bad as we thought it'd be, but definitely still a little cramped. Is it just me or is lighting just crap at every hotel? I'm pretty sure the lighting had something to do with people being stepped on in the middle of the night. Anyways, I would've rather stayed else where or gotten separate rooms, but for the price we paid, I'm not complaining too much
4	So for my cousin's bday, we went to Vegas.  And of course, for him, we have to stay at Treasure Island.  He swears by this hotel and it's his first choice any time we go to Vegas.  I don't really know what to say about this hotel.  I don't gamble here because I have a superstition about gambling at the casino I stay at (stupid, I know...)  It's clean, I don't feel ghetto staying here and the room service has never been anything but great.  I would definitely stay here again.Oh yeah, my cousin swears TI beds are the best beds he's ever slept on.
4	Still lovin' this hotel the second time around. Found yet another deal online while booking for my family vacay for my dad's birthday. The package also included a discount on tickets to Mystere. Sah-weet! Again, check-in was a breeze. Although we didn't book Strip view rooms, they still provided a good look at Palazzo, Wynn and Encore. Even had their pool all to myself for a few minutes in the morning. Valet was speedy and their beds, oh man, their beds! I could stay in them almost a whole day because they're so darn comfy. Overall a great place to stay on a good part of The Strip. Maybe a Round 3 is in order?
2	Room was clean, but could use updating.  Casino was ok, tho kinda small.  Buffet was ok, but not nearly as good as some of the others (Aria leaps to mind).  Coupons for drink and other specials really just a rip-off (ie: everything is so ridiculously overpriced to begin with that 1/2 off really just brings the price to where it would be anywhere else.) All in all, very average.  Either spend more and stay at a nicer hotel on the strip, or spend the same for a much nicer hotel off-strip and walk or cab it over to the gaming & nightlife as desired.
2	This hotel was just ok. Location was good. The lines to check in was ridiculous... The resort fees were $22-25 a day luckily I had a roommate and we split the cost.. I had a good time in Vegas but next time I wont stay here.
3	I was not pleased with the extra fees per night on top of the cost for the 5 day 4 night fee me my bff paid for our stay in May. The hotel was clean for the most part, but they needed more cable channels !
4	This is a great place to stay!  Just got back from a weekend here, and it is in a great location on the strip, we got the room for a good price, and I thought the casino downstairs was pretty fun.  The staff is also very nice, especially since they bring you lots of free drinks when you're gambling!
3	Take this review as you wish...being that, at 24 years old, my first trip to Vegas was in August of this year, and this is the only Vegas hotel I've stayed in.Bestie and I packed up the car Friday night and took off! We arrived @ "TI" around 11 and the check in line was brief, despite the anticipated nightmare long lines mentioned here and on other travel websites. By booking online, for 3 nights we stayed in an upgraded strip view room for around $250. Our room was so cute! The beds were ridiculously comfortable, and everything was super clean. A few cosmetic touch ups may be necessary, but I guess I'm not so nit-picky. The TV was nice, we liked being able to plug in our ipods, and the wireless internet did what we needed to. Room - 4 Stars.On our 2nd night there, after a day of binge drinking and a nap we decided to take it easy and hang in our own casino, did some gambling and around 2am went to the Coffee House and were SO DISAPPOINTED! The menu was so ridiculously limited that we almost just walked out. There are probably less than 10 items on the menu, including any dessert items...So limited that not even FRENCH FRIES are on the menu, yet $16 burgers exists. The food was pretty bland...however the French Onion soup was amazing, thank god. On another negative note, our server was SUCH AN ASSHOLE! Then when the manager came to check on us, the server was there and did something very nice, we both said @ the same time "Oh NOW he's nice??" and the manager pretended not to hear us. Any drink refill, condiment request, check request, change request, was attended to with a delay and dirty looks. Prices are the same in the Coffee House as the ROOM SERVICE, so skip the moody server and eat in your comfy bed. Coffee Shop - 1 StarOn our 2nd day there we lounged by the pool all day, and the DJ was awesome. At first we attempted ordering drinks from the outdoor servers but they were so slow we started trekking in and out of Kahunaville for our drinks. While the drinks were good, they were severely over priced, even when you're armed with their "coupons" which barely made a dent in a round of drinks for 4, and half the time to coupons were good for what we wanted. A round of 2 mixed drinks and 2 beers will run you $40. Pool/Kahunaville - 2 StarsOverall our stay was decent but the NOW $30 a day resort fee, rules, regulations, and restrictions were kind of a bummer. Don't offer "coupons" or "offers" if you have no intention of allowing your customers to use them on anything of worth. Oh, and the buffett is overpriced and just like any standard buffet food. Just a tip: When drinking poolside for 8 hours straight, don't abandoned your best friend/roommate, and then you REALLY don't want to latch the top lock and proceed to fall into a drunken coma till 1 am. She wont be pleased. Rookie move.
4	I was pleasantly surprised and at $58/night (Sun-Thurs) for a room, it was such an awesome value. On Saturday, the room was around $140, which was okay.  The room was very modern and clean. I heard they just renovated recently so I guess that's why. Marble counter tops and black wood. Very nice. The bed, sheets, and pillows were comfy and clean. I was sooooooooo comfortable!!! However, what annoyed me was the 12% resort fee, which I heard not all hotels charge. So, it didn't seem like it was thaaaat cheap. Plus, no free wifi. But hey, a nice looking room for under $100 in Vegas, can't beat that. Didn't interact with the staff--only to check out--so I didn't run into any problems. I will probably stay here again if there isn't a better and cheaper option.
4	The room was great. We had two windows and though a bit small it definitely fit the bill. We could see the show which incidentally isn't that good from our window and the other end of the strip from our other window. Mystere is right down stairs if you haven't seen it. The place looks great. I only would love it more if it were nonsmoking. Really some casino should try it. How many of us would flock to that casino for a smoke free shot at winning it big while not losing our lungs and filling our clothes with nastiness
4	The hotel room was great for the price and the location? Perfecto.I liked the wide array of restaurants and bars in the hotel and the casino had a pretty good lay out.  I have to say though, it wasn't my favorite casino.  Treasure Island was definitely a little muskier than some of the others we visited on the Strip.Maybe I'm just bitter 'cause I didn't have any luck there - but all in all I enjoyed my stay.
4	Room is clean, bed is comfortable, service is great (but slow).We got a pretty good deal for the room, so it was ultra affordable. TI is close to many places such as Walgreen's, Fashion Show mall, Harrah's, etc. We went clubbing at TAO which is right across the street, and at XS which is located between the Wynn and Encore (also walkable).Expect to tip everyone. At the end of our stay we checked our luggage at the front to pick up later. It was my first time in Vegas so I wasn't sure if I was suppose to tip the guy and he was like, "is there anything else I can do for you sir?" and I replied, "Nope, thanks!" He repeated, deliberately and slowly, "is there anything else I can do for you, sir?" He also gave me the puppy-eyes. I thought to myself, 'oh snaps, am I suppose to tip him?' At the end I tipped him and he said thank you, but I thought that was kind of hilarious.
5	I visted Las Vegas on 9/5/10 - 9/8/10.. I was expecting very little from the hotel since all the reviews I read on this website before booking, and I've got to say I was very satisfied with my decision!!from the minute you open the door, the first smell you inhale isn't smoke, the casino has a really nice smell, unlike all the other casinos!Rooms: good size, comfortable beds, clean, 32"flat screen, mp3 player, I just absolutely loved the room, we had a view of the strip from our room!!..I loved it!Buffet: BEST buffet I've had, we also ate ate at the buffet at the Wynn, but for some reason I liked ti's buffet waaay better!..inexpensive, they also give you a 2 for 1 coupon for the buffet  at check-in!!.although I advice everyone to go for lunch, breakfast wasn't really the best!! they have the BEST pina coladas at The Breeze Bar!!.yum!I would definitely stay here again without a doubt!!but my goal is to try and stay at every hotel on the strip!!
4	This place is getting 4 star for its conference capabilities more so than the rooms.  I give it a 3 for the rooms themselves... ( 15.00 for Internet, 20.00 for gym)... I've"ve gotten more freebies in lesser hotels.However, THANK you for having many different elevators that only go to certain floors.. it would/could be a L O N G ride to the 33th floor to stop 33 times along the way.Was here for a conference... and we were provided lunch every day.  They organized us into three groups and TI catered to us in 3 different DINNER ONLY restraints...( or closed to the public for our lunch)... the food was G R E A T .. I loved the buffets by TI's catering both days!!Also, the breakfast provided was great... eggs, sausage, bacon, sweets, bagels you name it... even during the morning break they were making fresh smoothies for everyone... bananas, strawberries, blueberries.. YUM.WHen I was leaving the taxi stand was well organized and everyone was great.Loved my conference experience here....4 stars, and 200.00 later ( thank you slots)....
4	I've gone to Vegas with family in Treasure Island...Going to Vegas when you're a 21-year-old is a bit of a rite of passage-- going with a group of fellow 21-year-olds group of girls is a whole 'nother ball game.  Of course, I had to oblige. Enter Treasure Island.From the outside, TI is quite unassuming, especially compared to the newer hotels.  However, the rooms are surprisingly very clean, modern, and classy!  Ain't no janky decor here!We stayed for three nights, although I'm not sure the third night was necessary, considering no one stayed there that night...Internet, gym passes(although, really, who in sweet baby Jesus' name has the energy/is sober enough to go to the gym during their stay in Vegas, I have no idea), and some other random shizz is included with the resort fee.  The internet is quite useful when you cannot get out of bed and you want to Yelp potential hangover meal locations.  The Gods of Partying must have been watching over us, because somehow, the resort fee was waived...? Schwing!Another plus?  Starbucks... is... down... stairs... Yeah-- Ah-mazing, I know. This review is making me miss Vegas.  The plane ride back was hell though.
4	I just now remembered that I was in Las Vegas a few weeks ago.  If you're wondering why I had forgotten until now, you've clearly never visited LV.So we stayed here, at the luxurious TI, and it actually wasn't that bad.  Sure it's a perfectly average, old, and crappy middle of the road strip hotel, but hey, at least it's not the Excalibur.  The gaming floor is perfectly mistakable for something like the Luxor, not surprisingly, being reasonably clean and rocking the weekend $10 minimums.  Being desperately poor, we needed some drinkable courage before we were ready to lose that much money per hand, so we headed to the bar--Kahunaville.  Yes, it's called Kahunaville.  Fortunately, with coupons handed out right next to the bar, our horribly sugary drinks were all BOGO, so we got tipsy and sugar high in equal amounts.  Good times.Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the level of cleanliness in the room and on the floor.  The dealers were also very good, which was nice.  However, the fact that I doubled up at a blackjack table probably helps my dealer review.While happy with the experience overall, it won't change my LV hotel MO: find the cheapest tolerable option and take it.
3	My girlfriend hit the big 3-0 and we celebrated the way any 30 year old who has never been to Vegas should celebrate: party in Vegas!I'm aware that my reviewing days may be numbered when she sees that I outed her age. : )My current life expectancy aside, let's talk about Treasure Island shall we? This will focus strictly on the hotel and it's amenities, not the casino, since all Vegas casinos are essentially mirror images of each other. We arrived on Friday night around 10:30pm and proceeded to the check in. There was, of course, a long line, but it moved relatively quick. Upon checking in we were greeted with this welcoming news: "There will be a $25 resort fee per day of your stay, but we will waive today's". Resort fee? I had heard about this before the trip, but forgot the deets. Well, for $25 you get internet and tv, 2 for 1 buffet MONDAY-FRIDAY only, access to the gym, a newspaper, and the ability to print boarding passes from the guest service center. Let's break this down.To Do in Vegas:1. Party2. Gamble3. See ShowsTo Skip in Vegas:1. Watch TV2. Be Online3. WorkoutWhat else is there? 2-1 buffet Monday-Friday. Well, it's now the weekend. That's out. Newspaper? I don't care. Print boarding passes? Can do that at the airport. SO! In conclusion, what am I paying $50 extra for the weekend for? Nothing. That little quirk aside, let's talk the room. Pretty standard fare, but lacking an in-room coffee maker, which would have been nice. FYI, the in-hotel Starbucks charges $4.89 for a grande brewed coffee. No way are they going to just GIVE you a coffee maker of your own to use. Our sink in the bathroom had a slow drain, and the internet wouldn't connect at first. Yes, for $50, we're damned sure going to use the internet while waiting on each other to get ready! I put in a complaint to the front desk and within 5 minutes they had a maintenance guy show up and fix both sink and internet. Shouldn't have been that way in the first place, but the immediate response was appreciated. The bed was extremely comfortable, and our view was superb! We were on the 18th floor looking down on the pirate show they have going on! There's something pretty awesome about fireworks exploding right outside your window!The hotel's pool was small by Vegas standards, but nice nonetheless. It was heated, and with daytime temps in the mid 60's, it felt fantastic. Best of all, they don't care if you take your drink in with you!Overall, the hotel was pretty nice, but didn't really scream 4-yelp-stars at me. I would stay there again if I found a fantastic deal, but wouldn't necessarily aim to return otherwise. The location is perfect, though (lower end of the strip but closer to the REALLY nice hotels/casinos). Oh, a word to the wise. Weekend buffet is $27 PER PERSON. Cheap buffet this is NOT. Do like everyone else on the strip and hit up the closest Denny's for a much more affordable breakfast.
4	very nice staff, nice cean room, smoke free. all was good excpet the  cost of every aspect, internet, gym, newspaper, gym., fax, all extra costs.    but after the hell i had been thru witrh holiday inn  express near the speed way, i did not care.although , THE WHOOPI GOLDBERG show sucked!!!!, the night @ the hotel wa great!!
5	The best hotel I have stayed in in regards to the cheap price range I was looking for. Comfy beds, good customer service, nice rooms in general, and a really nice hotel atmosphere. The coffee and pho place they have down stairs that is open 24 hours was awesome and they even have shows there at a discount to their guests, which is cheaper than the booths that advertise half off show tickets. the casino was cool although i don't gamble much and although we didn't get to use the pool because it rained just by the looks of it, it looked nice. If you stay there you must visit the Tequila bar..... It was my favorite place to drink!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
1	We referred 30 guests to stay at Treasure Island for our wedding, naming it the preferred hotel for all wedding activities. I am SO EMBARRASSED that I told my guests to stay there. They arrived over the course of 3 days, and NONE of their rooms were ready when they got there, regardless of time or date.As the bride, this was very upsetting. So was the incompetence we encountered with our own room. We stayed at TI for 10 days, and had booked 2 back-to-back reservations. The front desk said we would have to check out and check back in. (Annoying, but not a huge deal.) However, someone forgot to make a note of this because 3 different maids barged in and told me I had to leave since it was past check out...for the room I was in for 5 more days. Then they accused us of stealing a duvet, going so far as to charge my husband's card...while we were still in the room, sleeping under the duvet.As it was our wedding, I got my hair and makeup done at the spa. Rude, rude, rude!!!!!! Overpriced, and overcharged. I had 3 services at the spa, and all 3 "professionals" made fun of me. ON MY WEDDING DAY. To make matters worse, they overcharged me. When they called to tell me about the overcharge, they noted that I had been in for bridal services but that I would have to come back in that same day (my WEDDING DAY) with my credit card to get my refund. If I waited 'til the next day, I forfeited the refund.Fast forward, after the wedding. We're hungry. The room service menu was missing, and the TV menu didn't work. We had to pick up a dining menu at the desk, because nothing is open late in the hotel. (On a Friday night. In Vegas. No, no one wants food after midnight in Vegas, right?) We call room service, and they LAUGHED at us and said "oh no, that menu is out of date."As for the other restaurants, the best place is the deli. The Coffee Shop is disgusting and terribly slow, and The Buffet is so overpriced it makes the already gross food taste even worse. Khotan looks nice, but tastes mediocre. Gilley's is fun and actually has decent food, and Canter's Deli is probably the best food and price anywhere around the hotel.All around, every staff member (with the exception of the catering department, who were phenomenal) was rude, bored, annoyed and just plain unhelpful. Treasure Island scrapes the bottom of the barrel for help, and it shows. It is unbelievable to me that they can charge as much as they do for such a low-quality stay and service. Spend a little more and stay anywhere else on the strip. Or spend a lot less for the same "quality" of service somewhere else.
2	The Pirate show is not what it used to be. Awful story and not suitable for children. Hope they would bring back the old story! If strippers are on anyone's mind.....
1	The current TI show is in no way the Pirate show I remember. It is not family friendly at all. We had to leave as soon it was obvious this wasn't a pirate show, the show starts off innuendo.
2	The hotel is nice with very comfortable beds.  It is well located.  However, the check-in was a horrible nightmare.  My daughter-in law (same last name) made reservations for three rooms close together for her, for my 88 year old mother, and for me.  We arrived about 4 hours before my daughter-in-law.  I waited in the check-in line for over an hour and a half before I reached the receptionist with my credit card and ID in hand.  Because my daughter in law had made the reservations, the receptionist refused to check-in any of us until my daughter-in-law  arrived hours latter..  My 88 year old mother was stuck in a wheelchair for 4 hours until my daughter-in-law arrived.  Our written request for room near my mother's room was totally ignored, and we all ended up with rooms on widely separated floorsDespite the comfy beds and great location, the TI has seen the last of me.  I will stay elsewhere next time.
1	from the outside the windows look big. but when you get to your room, you only get a fourth of that window. in a small little corner. and the room was a little bit dark.
1	AS Kirk pointed out in his comments, they've been trying to "help" us. And while they did refund my entire spa purchase, this really only makes up for the rudeness and poor level of service I experienced in the spa. They also never told me they were offering this refund, it merely appeared in my bank account. A nice surprise, but I'm not one to enjoy being surprised in money matters, especially when Treasure Island has a habit of playing games with credit cards and charging them without authorization.This refund does nothing to alleviate the other stress and inconveniences my guests and I faced all week. As I doubt that Treasure Island will offer to fix any of this, my only hope is to save other brides, grooms, and their guests from going through what we did on what should be the most exciting and relaxing week of their lives.
4	I stayed here all of one night in preparation for running the half-marathon on the Strip.I arrived just after noon and was able to check-in fairly easily (although, for such a large hotel and on the weekend with the rodeo and marathon and other things going on in town, it wouldn't hurt to beef up the staff so folks wouldn't have to wait so long for this) and get in my room immediately.I had used Priceline's Name Your Own Price, so the rate I got for the one night was cheap and the room didn't disappoint. The room appeared recently renovated, was a good size, had a comfortable bed, and I was on the 11th floor, facing out towards the Palazzo. The bathroom was clean and well-appointed. For an older hotel, the rooms definitely had a nice modern touch, which I always appreciate.I knew about the resort fee when checking in, but that doesn't mean I still don't think it's ridiculous. I used none of the "amenities" listed, as they weren't necessary for me.The convenience to everything on the Strip was nice - I was able to easily make it over to the Venetian to pick up my race packet and easily able to jump into Harrah's to catch the monorail down south for the race.The only other downfall was the mass exodus of people checking out at noon. An express checkout process from the room would be so much more convenient, and you'd have to think TI would save in labor costs in doing so as well.Overall, is TI the newest and fanciest hotel on the Strip? No. Would I recommend it? Definitely, if you found the right price.
2	Here for a Respiratory Convention and got a hotel not to spend my whole day in. More for a place to sleep. Rooms are nice beds comfy but the seepage of smoke which in fact is a non smoking area is pretty strong. Who am I too complain when of course this is Vegas!!  Another minus was the resort fees WTH!!! Thinking I scored with the reasonable fees heck no!!!  Treasure Island is more like Pirate Island. They take your money.
4	1. AMAZING BEDS! I was so amazed by their beds, I wanted to take them home with me, and the covers were so soft! I went with a friend and her mother and her mom's friend, and honestly all that poor staff had to put up with from that woman, they never complained or denied us anything and for that I applaud them and thank them for their patience... The place was very nice, huge bathroom and endless towels!
4	price of stay, location on the strip, one of the better strip views bc u can see almost all the way down the strip can't beat it. close to wynn for one of the best buffets, clean room nothing special nothing nasty other than the resort fees for internet that i haven't used once in two stays of 4 days total. The restaurants don't try it. better go to another resort. I'll probably stay here again next time bc I don't see anything or rude service on my stay. I'm sure there are other places that are cheaper but I don't think is better. and the sirens of TI show not bad not bad...
4	We stayed here in 2009 during our wedding weekend. This was just after the hotel had undergone a renovation.We booked one of the petite suites with a strip view. The room was wonderful - spa tub, gorgeous shower and the best bed I may have ever slept in. Seriously. My new husband and I did a LOT of sleeping!We arrived super early and they allowed us to check in a few hours before checkin time. They sent a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries to honor our wedding! How sweet.We really enjoyed our stay and felt the price was extremely reasonable compared to other hotels for what we received.Plus, I love pirates.
3	Pros: Decent basic rooms (Clean but nothing great),  nice location, price Cons: Elevators and room numbers are confusing, too crowded
3	The three stars are for the value and location of TI. Whenever my Vegas-loving friends and I are in need of a place to stay, TI always seems to have the best deal without having to stay at the very north or south end of the strip or completely off strip. TI's location is very convenient to first time or repeat Vegas visitors. Many of the other hotels, shops, clubs, restaurants, you-name-it are very accessible by walking. The rooms are okay. They are average sized--they don't feel cramped, but I wouldn't call them luxury by any means. Clean for the most part. The air of the hotel is old itself and sometimes the non-smoking rooms smell like smoking rooms. I wish there was better food options within the hotel. We are always looking for something quick and cheap to eat before going out or after coming home from a long night and TI has very little to offer in the food department other than the pizza joint.
4	What a surprise!  I was already expecting this place to be lousy and I'm glad to report that I was wrong.Checking in with 3 people in front of me - really slow!  Although, the person that checked us in was really nice.  The entry is not as grand as the Bellagio or Palazzo, but it was good enough for how old this place is.  We made our way to the 34th floor and right off the elevator, the floor plan is similar if not the same of Mirage.  As we arrived to our room, I held my breath...the room was nice, clean and unexpected.  I think I came in expecting it to be like Planet Hollywood where they nixed all things Alladin, but not really.  There would be old fixture from Alladin mixed in with the new "hollywood" memorabilia - doesn't work.The rooms here are modern, bright and I thought was a very good size room with a king bed, flat screen directly in front of the bed (versus the side of the bed which some say they had) and a view of the strip, Palazzo and Wynn.  This is great because we didn't pay for the strip side.  Large bathroom (they could have done a double-sink) with a tub/shower combo - deep jacuzzi type tub.  Bed was super comfy (knocked out as soon as you hit the pillow) and the room was smoke free.  The only thing I noticed is that the vent in the bathroom is constantly running, so you can somewhat hear it unless you close the door and I think in the middle of the night I could lightly smell of hint of cigarette smoke, unless it was just my hair that smelled.We were charged a resort fee of $20 (not sure if it was a one time or every night fee, our bill didn't seem to reflect this - whatever, I can't complain now) which included free wi-fi and the free web tv (the mouse on the web keyboard is no good, too difficult to maneuver), gym facilities and business center type services.  I think this resort fee should really be an option - not everyone will take advantage of this.I'm really glad they were running a 30% off special, otherwise I would not have stayed here.  I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again when there's another room rate special on their website.
3	My favorite place to park in Vegas. Great location, everything else is decent but good. The pool is ok, the rooms are ok. Nothing fantastic.
4	I was thinkin' - Vegas needs a pirate-themed casino, and then...bingo - I saw this place. First time I saw it, wasn't so impressed. But when i returned, I had pho, saw Canters, and just reveled in it.
2	The hotel room itself was clean and comfortable, but the casino part is HEAVILY PERFUMED w/ an obnoxious scent in order to cover up the cigarette smell. The perfume made my eyes water whenever I entered the building. Thankfully the air in the room itself was fine, but just walking through the lobby caused a headache.
4	This property is always on the list of places we take visitors from out of town.  Here's why:- It's in the heart of the Northern part of the Strip.  Very close to the Mirage, Caesar's Palace, Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, and Encore.  You can knock down a lot of birds with one stone here.- The parking garage is easy to get in/out of.  The entrance is near Spring Mtn Road and for locals is a breeze because you don't have to deal with the Strip.- The restaurants and bars are above average.  We don't eat here often, but our friends who do are always satisfied.- Rooms are reasonably priced here and aren't too bad despite being built in 1993.Will we return?  I'm sure we will.
3	We spent two nights at TI arriving 12/23 around 3pm. Had seen complaints about long lines to register but it only took us about 10 min. (There were 7 CSRs working). I hadn't realized there was going to be an extra $22 per night for the "resort fee" when we booked and pre-paid 3 months earlier but after reading online reviews was not surprised when they hit me with it. They've gotten smarter probably because of all the arguing from guests and provided a list of dubious benefits which no longer includes the pool or VIP area of the Sirens show (since there is currently no show). I managed though to get them not to tie up my cc with their cushion for "incidentals".We were able to get non-smoking and two beds as requested. The room was clean (we do the bed-bug check immediately) and though there was an odor of mildew in the bathroom, I decided not to complain about it because I was too tired and the smell didn't extend outside the room into the bed area.At midnight when we were back in our rooms, my son tried to use his laptop but it was taking 5 minutes for the simplest of pages to load if they came up at all. Since the damn "resort fee" covered internet access, I finally called the front desk The guy who answered was polite and didn't seem surprised by my complaint. He said that probably too many guests were online as well. Someone delivered an ethernet cable in about 15 min. It didn't help. Pros:  quiet - didn't hear much in the hallway and only a little of the family next door through the adjoining door.          clean - no funky smells          beds - COMFY        adequate towels - not exceptionally soft or fluffy but not too thin either          easy access to and from parking garage to strip, highway, etc.          great strip view          ice machine clean and funtional          housekeepers were all friendly          elevators adequate - no long waits          Canter's pastrami sandwich was a winner according to the man-          child           easy, quick, polite check-outNeutral:  tv remote and wireless keypad were noticibly dirty (sticky) but    I always clean and disinfect anyway.              don't drink coffee so the lack of coffee maker is fine and doesn't   take up real estateCons:  whatever foulness of a scent they are piping in to the casino at the entrances/halls is possibly a deal-breaker for a future return. I hate smoke but this concoction of both just makes it vomitrocious and a misery leaving and returning to the rooms. (I noticed that the Palazzo seems to have the same feature happening so note-to-self to do research for possible Feb 2011 trip).            resort fee - if you're gunna charge it then just put in all into your    quoted rates            poor internet access although it did improve after the first night            some levels in the garage had large areas of standing water            the up escalator to the garage was not working when we were departing - had to haul my butt up manually - no small task (no small butt)
2	Old and under construction.  I remember the good old vegas days when this place was the focus of attention.   Now you can't even get near the sidewalk because their is so much construction.
3	I have stayed at TI, many , many times in the past, but this stay was a little less than average. Things i really like about the hotel are the location, and generally a decent price. Bummers were,.. a mandatory resort fee of $20 per night in addition to your room fee. It seams they have taken alot out of the rooms, there isnt a mini bar, no alarm clock, and no in room dining menu. I like to have all the resort info at my finger tips. Also the front desk forgot to turn on our tv service, so no renting a movie. In general, the little things can add up to a fantastic experience, or less than average stay. Maybe I will have better luck next time?
3	not terrible... not as nice as i expected it to be. i should have checked the reviews before i went to this place.
4	Treasure Island- excuse me- "TI" has a great location (right next to Fashion Show mall and easily walkable from the rest of the strip). The Sirens show is perfect for waking you up from an afternoon nap, the Starbucks line is always long, but they have Mystere, the first Cirque show to have a custom theater built for it. It's my next show I'd want to see when in Vegas. Looks amazing. It's great because it's on the corner of Las Vegas blvd and Spring Mountain Road, so you can make a quick getaway to the freeway without having to sit in stupid Strip traffic. And the beds? SOOOOOOO comfortable. This may sound weird but they have the best smelling hotel hand soap. And when you enter the lobby it always smells like a fresh spritz of..something. I'm really specific aren't I? Either way, it just smells GOOD. That's all you need to know.
2	The good:  great smelling toiletries; location (right across from Venetian/Palazzo and the Fashion Show Mall, kitty corner from Wynn; five minute walking distance to Mirage, Caesars); comfortable bed and sheets; easy in and out from parking lot; right off Spring Mountain so Chinatown is a short car ride away.The bad:  a grossly overpriced Starbucks in the hotel...  double the normal price for a tall drip coffee?!  And you can't use any Starbucks card there; no coffee maker in the room either; lack of interesting restaurants.The UGLY:  $22 per day mandatory resort fee!  It's one of the most expensive fees charged (even more than Venetian's) and includes a bunch of things that not many would take advantage of.  The fees rack up... we stayed 4 nights and when all was said and done, the resort fees were enough to pay for another night's stay!   We otherwise enjoyed our stay at TI but the resort fees left a bad enough taste in our mouths that we would never choose it again.  Try the Harrah's chain of hotels instead, which include Caesar's, Rio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc.  They don't nickle and dime their patrons with those BS fees.
2	Good: Great location, nice bathroom, full length mirrors, very pleasant staff and an awesome view.Bad: $22 per day resort fee is nothing more than a scam. For your $22 you get access to the fitness center, wireless internet, 2 for 1 LUNCH( B4 for 4pm) buffet (not good on weekends), local phone calls and a discount on a future stay. Fitness Center is tiny one of four treadmills broken, the 2 for 1 Lunch is set up so there's no way you'll use it. The dinner buffet is expensive and very average. Local calls included...kind of a joke. They only offer it because of cell phones. Who wants to use a hotel phone?More Bad: There was a giant green spluge stain on the bed skirt. Would post a pic, but YELP doesn't do that. Worse: Only 6 to 5 Blackjack or Continuous Shuffle Machines. No hand shuffled shoes. Players can only be rated if they play more than $15 a hand. So if you usually play $25, but want to sit with the wife at a $10 table no comps for that play.Summary: The reserved price of the room was about $90 a night, but with the resort fee and tax it's closer to $125 for that price you can get a much nicer room at a much nicer hotel.
3	Sightseeing location #4: Treasure Island Show (every 2 hours or so)+: live music/actors/fireworks/extravaganza -: umm...what's the story? I won't spoil the story for you...but it is a worthwhile show to watch outside especially with the two ships and all the commotion. The only reason I gave it three stars is because I didn't really enjoy the skimpy outfits and felt like there was some type of sexism going on. You'll only get my meaning if you see it - so please do if you can catch it!
4	Excellent room for the price. Great property with good options for dining & entertainment. Be sure to go to Isla's for happy hour and their awesome $5 margaritas. Location at the center of the strip cannot be beat.
2	I never like TI much, but now I don't like TI for sure. So we had a bachelorette party over the weekend and everything was booked in advance and I just came along. Right before I arrive, I learned that we got a suite, but only ONE KING SIZE BED. You've got to be kidding me!!?!? Why would they even offer a SUITE with one bed? That's ridiculous and we couldn't get one with Two Beds. So 8 girls crammed into that suite with one bed. We manage to accomodate, but it was horrible. There were two bathrooms which was a good thing, but only one shower and so we all had to take turn with the shower. You can imagine how long it would take to get ready in the morning with 8 girls and one shower. Let's just say 3 hours later we still haven't left the room. Back to the hotel. I wanted to gamble and I did. It was dead in the casino. I played Blackjack and I never win no matter what! The dealer always end up with 21 which was ridiculous that I was starting to think the cards were rigged! I go to a lot of casinos and that never happens that 10 hand straight, dealer keeps getting 19, 20, 21. I lost $100 right then and there. BOO! Not a lot of good restaurants either which I will review in a different review.
3	2.5 Stars.Stayed here on my first Vegas trip - clean and fairly large rooms, free & semi-entertaining show out front, and great location, VERY convenient if you're going clubbing at Tao, Lavo, or XS - they're all within walking distance, as are a lot of other things - Walgreens is also right across the street which I found super convenient! BUT, I booked through priceline.com which said the resort fee was to be included. However, as I went to check out, I found this was not the case. TI doesn't include the resort fee at all if you book through a third-party website (Priceline apologized to me for this, but said it was out of their control, the resort fee was supposed to be included) I ended up being charged an additional $88 for my 3 night stay. Ridiculous. The resort fee doesn't even really cover anything useful, unless you want to use the wireless internet or fitness center. I wouldn't have been so annoyed if maybe it had included a discount to their Cirque show, but it doesn't.I probably would not stay here again, because it was just so ridiculous to deal with them. But, the location is very convenient if you don't want to pay for cabs - this & the cleanliness earn TI 2.5 stars.
3	Stayed here for three days 01/01 to 01/04 with taxes and fees I paid $260. The last couple of times in Vegas stayed on the south end of the strip, figured it was about time to try out the north end of the strip. .Check in was a pain. Tried checking in at 2, the line was ridiculous. Played in the casino a little and tried again at 3. The line was not as ridiculous, but I still probably waited at least 30 minutes. The room I requested was available.The rooms are decent size. They have definetely seen some better days. Some stains on the bathroom counter,bathroom floor and rug. The bed was really comfortable or was it because I was really tired. There was a nice flat screen t.v. in the room. Not sure why none of the Vegas bathrooms that I've been in don't have exhaust fans.About 7 p.m., I went back to the room to drop some stuff off. There was a bag of garbage, dirty dishes from room service and a comforter in the hallway. Not the sort of thing I expect to see from a four star hotel, especially at 7 p.m.I hate the resort fee. I thought it was supposed to include 2 for 1 buffet, it did not. I don't know if thats new or they stopped including that in the resort fee.Not a four star property. Maybe 3-3.5 star.Not my first choice but if I got a good rate I would stay here again. The location is good and the rooms aren't bad.
2	I personally only liked the free show with the women. I didnt really care for this place.
3	I seriously think those auto card shufflers are rigged. Anyway, I love the bikini clad card dealers in there. My group and I stood there and stared a bit. Kinda awkward playing in front of a boobies not knowing if staring is okay. That's all I remember about this place.
1	Did not stay there but wanted to bring the kids to see the pirate show.   Our daughters 7 and 9.    This is not a show for kids at all.   Well at least the one side.   You couldn't see both sides at the same time.  One side has the boat that arrives with the pirates on it and the other side is all the hoe'd up girl pirAtes all dancing like they were in a strip club.    Just really inappropriate for kids which was a shame
3	TI was always our go to place on the strip.  Fast forward 5 years later, and TI is still a good choice, but I will definitely be spending the extra 50 bucks a night to stay at one of the newer hotels.   And, pick a place with a club that you want to go to - you get priority access.  I'll be staying at the Cosmopolitan next time time.The beds are super comfortable!!  And, I love the masa cakes at Isla.  That, with the really cheap room rates, makes it is still a contender.
2	Not what is used to be, but adequate for a basic stay. Watch out for long lines at the front desk. Called front desk for help with key not working and was put on eternal hold. Went down to find personal help and had to wait in the same check in line we just endured an hour before.  Workout room was nice to have, although several machines were out of order. The beds were comfortable and the servers at the cafe restaurant were friendly.Resort fee of $20 was a bit of a scam considering the pool was closed and the overall condition of the hotel is fair at best. 2.5 stars
4	Would stay again, since I had a great deal for this hotel! TI meets its expectations as a 4 star, for an actual AAA Four Diamond rating.It's conveniently located next to Fashion Show Mall and across from the Venetian which there's a bridge you can cross through. The casino itself was average in size, but it was laid back for a hotel compared to crowded areas like Planet Hollywood. What I like about TI is how they divide up the elevators based on which floor your room is at, which is so much faster and simple. I must agree with other Yelpers that their beds are really comfortable to sleep in. Since my trip was during winter, turning up the heater at its highest wasn't warm enough so I had to call room service for extra blankets. The room was nice and clean, which meets its expectations of a 4 star hotel.There were some things that disappointed my stay at TI, but I'm sure it could be better for my next stay in the future. We were placed all the way at the end of the floor, but somebody has to stay there, right? So I'm not gonna complain about that since we were placed right next to the Emergency Exit if anything happens. There were no alarm clocks, so we had to rely on looking at our cell phones for the time. Every time we use the sink, there would be some odd smell coming out from it, so it needs some plumbing work. The resort fee is about $22, so we made our money's worth by using the internet. However, the channels are limited to just mainly news channel and some international channels. I wouldn't recommend this hotel if you have kids with you because TI is mainly for adults. Overall, we were satisfied with our stay at the TI because those problems can be fixed and wouldn't mind giving TI another try.
4	more like 3 1/2 stars. this hotel has come a long way....they remodeled all the rooms, which was very clean, modern, and comfy. it was only $69 a night b/c I got a deal. It is only a 5 min walk to the Wynn, which was great b/c they have great food there. The bad thing bout TI is that all the food in this hotel sucks.
3	This was one of the more family friendly places I went to on the strip.  They have great customer service and you'll feel very safe here, you are not accosted by people trying to sell you stuff on the casino floor either, like at other casinos on the strip.  I ended up losing money here at the slots, but the decor and friendly atmosphere is nice.  It really felt like a lot of Mom's & Dad's were here, felt very comfortable and relaxing and a good mid range place for those looking to just have a good time.
3	Stayed at TI for the first time last week and had very low expectations considering the age.  I was somewhat pleasantly surprised and the rooms were pretty nice and appeared to have been recently renovated. PROS--quick elevators-very comfortable bed-close to Venetian/Palazzo, Mirage and Wynn-great priceCONS-- there was no trashcan in the main part of the room only in the bathroom. Maybe it doesnt seem like that big of a deal just annoying not having it there and having filling up the bathroom one with beer bottles etc- slow  or non-existent cocktail service in casino. I ordered an drink waited for 20 minutes and it still never arrived. Ended up switching machines a  few different times as I proceeded to play $200 in penny slots and still was never served a drink the whole time!- not a great selection of restaurants. We did eat at Kahunaville for breakfast great price and very filling.-super slow check in. Checking in at 2pm on a Saturday and there was a line of maybe 40 people waiting to get checked in and 3 agents working. In regards to the resort fee,I guess we lucked out because even though when we checked it she said it would be $22/day  when we checked out we were never charged for it! I had however took advantage of the internet thinking " hey if I'm paying for it why not use it?" So we were charged $15/day for that.Overall stay was good and would consider staying there again.
4	For a name that sounds like a childrens' theme park, this place is very nice. They can do without the show, because their hotel is nice. Our room was very fancy and economic and was confortable. If it wasn't laid out like any other confusing Vegas hotel, It probably would have a perfect score.
3	Yikes!!!  This place has gone downhill since it was sold off by the MGM Mirage Group.  It looked like a Laughlin hotel filled with old people.  The whole casino had a stale smell of cigarette smoke and it was mostly a ghost town.  I used to stay here a lot a few years ago but I will be passing on this place for a long time to come!
1	Bad service sums up the experience.  You would think customer care would be elevated for guests staying at the hotel but that was not the case.  I experienced much better service and attitude from the staff at every other hotel except the one I was staying at, the Treasure Island.  (1) Spa massage expierence: mediocre, good massage, less than gratituatous/helpful front desk in several ways, (2) Sports bar tenders acted as if I was sitting down only for a free drink and treated me with their best ahole personalities [seeing as I spent many hundreds on food, gambling, their Cirque du Soleil show, the room, and the spa], (3) Check in: very long wait, (4) Ropes hanging down in front of your window to be used by facility's staff without warning/notice is normal as explained by multiple hotel reps, (5) to have champagne glasses sent to your room costs $10 + $4 service fee [glasses in their general store are $9 except you have to dress and go down and buy them], (6) Starbucks there doesn't take Starbucks gift cards, (7) etc etc etc.  Go somewhere else if you want more than a handful of employees to act as if they give a damn about being in the hotel service industry...  Mystere was great though.
1	My wife and I stayed here recently with both of our kids thinking it would be great for a family.  We don't mind paying alittle extra for amenities that make our stay nicer and the hotel claims to be 4 star. Not that this review will be long winded but if you want a four star hotel this is far, far from it.It was a one night stay so what could go wrong?  The room we were given was a standard room with two beds.  When I travel my biggest wish for a hotel, any hotel, is that it is clean.  Our room had serious cleaning issues: backed up sink, black mold in the shower, black marks on the walls, closet and corners and a bug casing on the wall.  I called down to the front desk and complained so they upgraded our room to a strip view room.  The room was basically the same but with a small window with a view of the strip.  We had dinner in the hotel at Canter's which was very good. We returned to our new room to find new problems.  We were missing shampoo and bath towel so I had to call housekeeping. Just before retiring, I set up my laptop on the desk to find a sticky syrupy red mess on top the glass top. YUCK! Didn't know what it was but I cleaned it up so I could get to bed. Then my wife comments we are missing pillow cases. Half of the pillows didn't have pillow cases.  In all of my travels I have never seen this. We enjoyed parts of the hotel (the pool, show and shops) outside of the rooms but we would never return due to the cleanliness of the rooms.
3	I am giving this place a 3 star rating because this is based on a combination of hotel, casino, and food. I found the food at the pho restaurant to be about a 4 which was the first stop I made. It was a little busy and the other customers there were quite drunk and hilarious. The atmosphere definitely kicked off a great vacation. The servings were large and very tasty.The hotel portion of the casino would probably receive about 3.5 stars. I was reasonably satisfied with the quality of the room. There were small problems with the bathroom not exactly functioning properly but it wasn't bad. I found the bed comfortable and our view was excellent. I got a room with a corner view with floor to ceiling widows that looked out over the strip. It was a little bit noisy but that's to be expected in Vegas and it didn't bother me one bit since by the time I got back to my room each night, I was pretty much knocked out. There aren't a whole lot of extras that come with this hotel. I did visit the pool which was fun. They had some pool side games including a hoolahoop competition that I partook in. There's a small bar to one side and rows and rows of pool lounge chairs. It doesn't leave a lot of room for you to really enjoy lying down since it's so cramped, but I suppose it's better than having to fight for a seat.The casino was below my expectations, about a 2 or 3. They have all your standard games- craps, roulette, poker, etc. I didn't play poker here but the poker room is off on it's own part of the building and is sectioned off with a railing. The main casino games were alright, but they just lacked the atmosphere that other places have going for them. Casinos are supposed to be fun and exciting places and this just wasn't the case, at least when I was there. I found that most people went elsewhere for gaming as well. They could also bear to lower their stakes a tad in some of their games.The highlight of this place is their pirate show. That is what Treasure Island is known for. It is fun for all ages. I was able to get into the VIP section with my stay at the hotel. It's nice to be able to get up close, but you will get splashed so be careful if you're dressed up!Overall I enjoyed my stay in Vegas and I found that Treasure Island's price and location was just what I needed. It wasn't anything spectacular like some of the high end casino/hotels, but it was fun and reasonably priced as a hotel on the strip with modern amenities.
1	Shady hotel springs a bs $20 mandatory "resort" fee at checkin for menial services I won't even use and they advertise the fitness center but it's another $17 to use a jacuzzi... what a joke be up front in the room costs don't slide in mandatory fees as a means of bringing in revenue.  Even if my next stay in vegas is at a more expensive hotel I would be okay with that as long as these shady checkin charges weren't assessed.
4	Would be a 5 star resort if they were closer to all the more exciting resorts.  They are very close to shopping so that's a plus.  Their rooms were comfortable but they just lacked a refrigerator.  It would be nice to keep my drinks cold while playing cards downstairs.  The restaurants in TI isn't good so we always end up walking to other hotels to eat.  Service is good.  Sucks that they have a $20 resort fee and they offer nothing for it.
4	This hotel is probably better for its location than anything else, but it's also a nice place to stay. It's on the West side of the Strip in between the Mirage and the Fashion Show Mall and directly across from the Venetian and the Palazzo, so you're pretty close to TAO (Venetian) and XS (Encore)if you're planning on hitting up the clubs. I stayed here last April with a big group for our friends' 22nd birthday, so we all packed into one of their suites. The room was pretty nice and very clean, but it wasn't incredibly special. They usually have pretty good rates here even on weekends, so if you want to stay somewhere nice but not necessarily go all out then this is a happy medium. But if you can find a room at the Venetian for only $30-40 more a night, it's probably just worth upgrading and booking a room across the street.This hotel has my favorite casino because they have this Gold Fish slot machine that's really fun to play. I've never won much money on it, but I like it.Don't forget to catch their "Sirens of T.I." show, it's pretty hokey but it's one of the many free things to do on the Strip.
4	More like a 3.5...but I'll be nice.Not going to lie...but the last time I stayed at this hotel was probably in like 1992...and I remember it being pirate themed.I guess these days Treasure Island (or apparently TI as they liked to be called) is steering clear or swash buckling pirates and moving into swanky siren territory. I, on the other hand, want more people dressed up with peg legs and hooks for hands.The hotel rooms are smaller than say Venetian or Bellagio, but decorated pretty nicely. If you've stayed at the Mirage it pretty much has the same exact feel. I do have a problem with the size of the TVs though. They are WAYYY smaller than the other hotels I've stayed at.As for location...well that's probably why I took off 1 star. Its pretty much on the end of the strip (close to Wynn and Venetian) so walking everywhere will be difficult especially in summer time.I do recommend this place if your party scene is going to be either Tao, Surrender, XS, Lavo, or Jet and you can't afford the nicer hotels.
3	* Home of the Cirque Du Soleil - Mystere which is an awesome spectacular show.* Nice and easy to navigate general areas.* Sirens of TI show is kinda lame. The only part that I like is the fire. Besides that, is a cheesy show. I think they are trying to be like Pussycat Dolls, but the pirate version of it and in my book..they failed badly.
4	I paid $75 a night from hotels.com.  It was a bargain.  I had no view but the room felt awesome.  Their mattress & pillows are so awesome that they can sell them to you new if you wanted to buy them for your home.
4	stayed here in december and i was impressed.  i know ti is older compared to some of the other resorts on the strip, but it was a good price and had some entertaining things going on.  when we checked in, the line was super long, but they had like 6 reps working the tables, so we got through pretty quick.  also got a free upgrade to a top floor room with a view of the strip overlooking the sirens of ti show.  i thought, oh snap, but then saw that the show was closed for maintenance.  bwa bwer (imagine in trumpet sound).the room was clean, the staff was friendly and the price was good.  no complaints from me.
3	How the mighty have fallen. This used to be my favorite hotel when I was growing up. Used to be is the key word in this review. Back in the day, it felt like a Treasure Island. There were pirate themed costumes for the employees to wear and there were wrecked ship parts and all that fun stuff. It was enough to make you cover one eye and scream "YARRRGH!"Sadly though, it's prime has come and gone. Now, all I wanted to say was "ARGH!" We just got home from a four night stay at this hotel in Vegas. I won't lie, the hotel did it's job, but it should have done better. It should have been like how I remembered it. Oh well.What I liked about the hotel: the price. It was more than reasonable for the strip. It's location. It's right next to the Fashion Show Mall and across the street from the Palazzo and the Wynn. This hotel is the home base for Mystere, one of the best shows in Vegas. The rooms here are pretty nice. The standard rooms are a little on the small side but they have a nice flatscreen tv and a radio with a dock for your ipod. That was a nice touch.What I didn't like: the service. Aside from the guy who dropped off our bags in the room, it seemed like everyone had a damn chip on their shoulder. The people at the front desk were very rude when we were checking in. I mean these are the first people we see and the first impression means everything. We lost money here. I know, I'm sure everyone does but it's upsetting. Also, there aren't any good restaurants here except for the delicatessen. Maybe TI is due for an overhaul soon. Maybe they aren't. They sure could use it as this is no longer my favorite hotel on the strip.
2	Just stayed at Treasure Island. While I appreciate the new decor, here's where the hotel fell short. First, the room was dusty, and the bathroom lighting was as strong as candlelight. Very hard to put on make up that does not look like a circus clown in the light of day. The water pressure was non-existent. It took 40 minutes to fill up the bath tub and the shower felt more like I was being spit on. I don't think I will be a returning guest of this hotel....
4	I have to admit, I was skeptical about this hotel because it is one of the older hotels on the Strip, but after staying here for NYE 2011, I would say that I'm a fan and I would stay here again.  I'll put this review in bullet points:PROS:- Easy access!  Getting on and off the freeway was easy.  Finding parking on NYE afternoon was easy.  Finding the way through the casino was easy.  Getting our luggage to the room on our own was very easy (no maze, no long walk, no lugging your bags through a mall, then a parking lot, then ten casino rooms etc).  We went from the parking garage to our room within 5 minutes easily.  And most importantly, access the the Strip was fast and easy.  If you forgot something in your room and had just walked out the Strip, it wasn't a big deal to go back and get it.- The Tram to the Mirage: a nice bonus in cold or hot weather.  It was nice to be able to have a tram to go to another hotel without walking a mile or two to get there.- The rooms: UPDATED and CLEAN.  Even on NYE and the day after, house cleaning was prompt, thorough, and quick.  Upon arrival, our room was clean, the bed was clean, the bathroom was clean, and it was comfortable.  The towels had a bit of a bleach smell, but at least you knew they were getting clean instead of having a BO smell, right?  No complaints about cleanliness here.- Customer Service: We got to the hotel on NYE two hours before check-in and went to the front desk to see if we could check-in early.  And guess what, it wasn't a problem at all.  The lady working at the front desk was polite and very helpful.  We requested a higher level floor and she put us on the 31st floor and then said it would be easier for us because it was the first floor on an express elevator so we wouldn't have to wait for it to go to a bunch of other floors to get to ours.  How nice of her!!- Location: Beside just easy access to the Strip or the freeway, it has a walkway to the Fashion Show Mall next door and a tram to the Mirage on the other side.  Walking across the street wasn't a problem at all.  There isn't a maze to get into the casino like there is at others.  It's at a GREAT location on the Strip, especially for the price.CONS:-Casino Smoke: This is a given though in ALL casinos in Las Vegas, but I think since it's a bit older of a hotel, the smoke has just been in the carpets too long, so you can smell the smoke a bit more here than in say a brand new casino, but it was never unbearable.  The room wasn't smoky at all and was a nice get-a-way from the smoke.- No refrigerator or microwave in the standard rooms.
3	3.5 stars. Location and a pirate ship. That's what T.I. really has going for it. We showed up to check in and were greeted by Ana at the front desk who was easily, far and away, the very best customer service rep we saw in Vegas all week. Ana offered to upgrade our room for a small fee and we ended up in gigantic Tower Suite AND a comp. bottle of champagne. The room was very nice with 2 bathrooms and a strip view,  but there was a shitty shower head and spotty internet service (which is '"free" by paying their $22/nt. hotel fee...). My biggest problem was the rest of the hotel. The gaming here sucks. Just a terrible vibe and the Gilley's dealers couldnt care any less about their jobs...it was plainly obvious. Very few multi-deck, shoed blackjack tables. Boring, plain slots as well. Restaurant selection kind of sucks and is WAY overpriced. We'll be staying elsewhere next time.
3	I went to Vegas over the Lunar New Year weekend (which also happened to be Super Bowl Weekend.. and the weekend of the fight @ mandalay).. I don't come to Vegas often. The last time I came to Vegas, I stayed in the Palazzo. Needless to say, I was a little skeptical about staying here, but the price was the best on Priceline.. and I thought the hotel was the best location, since I didn't want to stay on the other side of the strip. The lobby of the hotel was nothing amazing. It was actually a lot smaller than I thought it would be. The staff was nice, but the guy who checked us in seemed a little awkward. Maybe he was aiming to appear more "proper", but... it didn't really work out that way.I have no big complaints about our room. The AC/heater was a little outdated though. The temperature was never right - it was either too hot or too cold. The TV was also surprisingly small. However, the beds were big and comfortable and no complaints about the restroom. Overall, this hotel isn't bad. It's not amazing either. I'd definitely stay here again, but I'd much prefer to stay at the Palazzo (obviously).Oh! and the $22 resort fee per night was a rip off. The end.
4	I had a great time at this Resort!  The rooms are actually really nice ( I am a 4 star always kind of girl) and enjoyed the accomodations!  Even checked out really late with no hassle or charge.  That made up for the lame $20 "resort fee" added to my great deal through Travelocity.com.  Still worth it!  Nice staff and helpful.  Long line to check in though:/
3	This is the review for the free pirate show outside of treasure island that takes place on the 2 ships.  I  haven't seen this since I was a kid.  Man have this show changed from family friendly to an adult choreographed dance show with hot ass female pirates taking one male pirate as a hostage.  I couldn't even pay attention anymore becauseI was too busy checking the female pirates in sexy ass costumes.  And ladies, there are male pirates for you to look at as well.  It's basically just a dance show now with some stunts involved.Outside of this place get really packed and be ready to stand up for awhile.  I'm a bit paranoid being in overly crowded places and was being extra cautious of pick pocketers.  It's really hard to see the action from both sides so I suggest to those who want to see the female pirates to be on the left side and the male pirates will be on the right.  It's an ok show, nothing really special, but hey it's free so I give it 3 stars for a free show.I hope I dream of being kidnapped by pirates tonight.
4	I would go with 3 stars but they have animal attractions that can be great for kids so i bumped it up. We went to see the dolphins but the line was huge and I had just seen the documentary "The Cove" a couple weeks ago so i was feeling like a jerk for wanting to see dolphins. Anyway nice place and really cool pirate ships and gift shop. My little boy loves pirates so he was blown away and he loaded up on pirate booty at the gift shop. I hear the pirate show is cool at night but that it shows to much of the lady pirates booties in skimpy clothes so we couldn't go by with our 5 year old. but we drove by and the fire and volcano and show looked great from the car.
4	You know what I love about the TI.........and you can call me CRAZY, the parking garage is the SPOT!!!  GREAT VIEW!  No wait, it's a SICK VIEW!  And besides that, the TI is central to so many things.  When you're struggling to find a spot at the Fashion Show or the Venetian, you should have parked at the TI.Take my word for it next time and give it a try, you'll understand what I'm saying!  :)
4	Pirates! Seriously, arrrrrrrr!!!!
4	TI has a way to keep me coming back for more. Perhaps it's the comped rooms, free gaming chips, and free dining credits. Or it's the good luck streak I've had at the tables, especially with my favorite black jack dealer, Terry. Or maybe even because it's situated on the most happenin' end of the strip. What ever it maybe be, this is my go-to spot.Even if my TI Players Card didn't get me VIP treatment, it's one of the most reasonably priced hotels in a city that will rob you shamelessly. The pool is nothing spectacular here, but I don't mind the company of a raspberry mango margarita from Kahunaville served poolside. I'm not a fan of most of the dining venues in this hotel, but the buffet is surprisingly not half bad if you're looking for an affordable lunch. (Best part is, they serve cotton candy for dessert!) The newly remodeled rooms are sleek and the beds are extremely comfortable. Though TI's a bit more old fashioned than the recent luxurious additions to the strip, it's a wonderful place to stay, especially when you're playing with a tight budget.If you're just in town looking for a place to sleep and nothing more, this is the perfect place for that. If you want all the extra fluff, consider staying across the street at the Wynn if your wallets permit.
1	When my sister got married in Vegas last year and we stayed here I absolutely loved it, especially the spa.  So, I went and booked my sister and her husbamd a vacation package through Ti and added on a few things.  One of the items I added was a helicopter tour that in the end was canceled.  I have been fighting to get my refund ever since.  I called the 1-800 number and was told to send an email with the confirmation code and that I would be receiving an email response within a day and a refund in 30 days. I have sent over 100 emails and received absolutely no response.  I have called the 1-800 number again and again and was told that I have to call during their open hours, since I am in California that would mean during work hours, which I can't do.  So, here I am writing my first negative review for any business in hopes that I can save someone from a disastrous experience.
4	This review is for the petite suite at TI. My girls and I stayed here two months ago and LOVED the room. Not only was the room super spacious and clean it has two bathrooms. Yes, ladies, TWO! one with a whirlpool tub and the other with a shower. Genius, pure genius! After a long night out, we turned on the tub and soaked our sore feet. This place is perfect for four girls who take forever to get ready (haha, no fighting over the mirror or vanity space). As for the hotel staff, the front desk was a bit slow, it took us a long time to check-in (over thirty minutes) and the food selection was mediocre. We ended up venturing out for food anyway so that was a non-issue for us. The casino is decent, the limits averaged about $15 for table games. This hotel is also very close to the Fashion Show Mall which was a PLUS PLUS for the ladies. Also has a Starbucks, yah!
2	Ahh TI, what has happened to you. Turning 21 a few years back. This was the first actuall hotel i stayed at. Best bang for your buck so to speak. That was then. This is now. This hotel had pretty much everything back then. A decent club (tangerine) back then. Social house. Clean rooms. And pretty good gaming if you ask me. At reasonable rates. To top it off it sits right on the strip. Even the pirate show was worth watching.Now all of it's gone. Social house, tangerine. Which by the way turned into that gay ed hardy club, which later shut down. Rooms are not very clean. And come on really? gileys salon, give me a break. I last stayed there in late 2010. Which was probably the worst time. They stuck me and a buddy of mine in a smoking room. When we clearly asked for non smoking. They never fixed it. At least it was strip view. Sheets were dirty. Toilet had a hard time flushing. There were dead bugs stuck in the shower lighting fixture. And the water didnt drain properly. also the handle to the faucet kept falling off. The pirate show is a waste of time. But hey it's free. No quality in that. Khotan restaurant which replaced social house, sucks now. In all honesty pay the extra 20 or 30 bucks and stay at mirage or Mandalay bay. It's just not the same here anymore. And from the looks of it. Things don't seem to be getting better. Just kinda bothered because this place was great. Now i would rather chance it at flamingo or elsewhere. Also the so called resort fees they tag on to your room bill, are a joke. If your gonna charge me resort fees at least have the place up to par please.
1	Don't stay here if you're going to complain about the rooms. Although "occupyable", very trashy atmosphere (our room was nice and didn't feel the same inside as trashy as it was outside. small bathtub though). Staff is pleasant, room service is great, even though this place is packed with tourists and touristy attractions. They even have a "cubic zirconia diamond shop"! CUBIC ZIRCONIA? NOW you KNOW you're in the wrong hotel. My dogs don't even wear cubic zirconia, please, I might turn green. They do sell swishers individually and in packs on the casino level, this comes in handy! Invaded with tourists and touristy attractions, don't forget that. The boat show? Way too touristy.
5	awsome..!!
3	Petite Suite Review.TI is a bit older hotel, but still a good bang for the buck.  It is decently located on a bit of the mid to north end of the strip, but still access to a lot of other big names that surround it, including Caesars, The Venetian and Fashion Show Mall.  (Really centrally located if you plan to do a bit of shopping in Vegas).  Not the biggest hotel, not the best restaurants, not the best shows or the best of anything at all, but not too bad either.We stayed in a Petite Suite, which isn't really a suite, except for having two bathrooms and room for a pull-out couch.  They are going for a his and her's bathroom I guess.  It is a good room for a couple.  I haven't stayed in anything smaller there, and not sure if I would want too.The one bathroom has the standard stall shower with maybe the worst shower head ever.  Not adjustable at all, and this one was a bit limey so the water wasn't the smoothest flow.  The other bathroom has a giant two person hottub, which is very nice and fun.  There is also a mini fridge in there, but no actual minibar.The bed was really comfortable, one of the better hotel beds I have slept in (assuming you like the soft pillow-top type mattresses, not the best if you like them firm *giggle*).  The couch was pretty decent, though nobody pulled it out to sleep on it.  T^he desk and little bar like table (with bar-like stools) in the corner seemed like they may have come from Ikea.As for the rest of the hotel, we didn't spend too much time there, so the review is going to be mostly limited to the room.  Additional, the :20 dollar trick" was successful in getting us upgraded to a high floor with a strip view, and a comped bottle of champagne. (And if you have no idea what the last sentence means, Google it.  It is the safest gamble in Vegas, really.)
3	Above average. Good service.Very kind staff.  Very patient.  Decent, clean rooms.  Comfy beds.  I honestly had an okay time staying here.  I had low expectations so that may be why.  Some cavaets on whether or not you should actually care about my review or not: I was staying here for a work trip (i.e. I didn't actually pay out of my own pocket), I was here during weekdays (Tues-Fri), was only mostly sober and am not much of a gambler (work or play).  All that being said, I found the rooms to be very clean but surprisingly worn or showing signs of age, especially in the bathroom.  TI is gonna need a renovation in a few years!  The bedroom/living area was in the best shape. Everything here was recently updated and clean (at least within a few years) - flat screen TV, ipod docking station/alarm clock, wifi, and modern-ish furnishings.  The bathroom, however, either didn't get the same treatment...its been heavily abused since it was last redone....The door and counter & finishes had all seen better, smoother, shinier days.  Despite the wear in the bathroom, the plumbing had no issues. No problems with water pressure or leaky faucets or anything like that. The things that really matter are good/great and clean - linens, towels, tub/shower, sink, counter, desk. The bed is comfy and cozy. Service was great!  The staff were very accommodating, friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and patient.  My boss realized she lost her driver's license at the airport when we were checking in & came a hair close to having a full-on panic attack!  The staff handled all this drama with ease and professionalism.  They helped in calming her down and were able to find useful solutions (the reservation was in her name so they were able to help get us checked in despite the missing ID).  The bell desk were the best and went out of their way and called the airport, taxi, airline, etc searching for her ID on her behalf. With their help her ID was found by the Southwest Airlines baggage claim desk!  I also had a more minor situation (the hairdryer in my room wasn't working), but it was handled quickly (I got a new dryer literally 5 minutes after calling housekeeping)!  The service alone was a big highlight. I felt comfortable asking any questions and felt like the employees knew their hotel and knew the city. There is a great fitness center - decent amount of machines and equipment (& pretty updated/new) for a hotel, fresh towels, free water, lots of TV screens to distract you from the agony.  The down side is you need to pay an extra daily resort fee to access it.  The good thing with that though is that the fee also includes internet access in your room, so taken with that the price is more than reasonable.  So pay the resort fee!  As for pricing and gambling action, I can't really speak to those like I said earlier. The decor is pretty blase and cheesy.  Personally, I thought the whole Pirate thing and the Sirens show was ridiculously cheesy. Not worth the time. Pros: Great service, comfy beds, vents that allow you to let fresh outdoor air into the room, bathtub (!!!), efficient taxi stand, fitness center, spa, clean, great location (near lots of shopping, the Wynn & Encore hotels, etc).Cons: Mediocre to average restaurants, worn out finishes, boring decor, cheesy pirates, the Christian Audigier nightclub...even if its closed, the general atmosphere in the casino/public areas.Bottom line, I would stay here again and probably be pleased with it.  Its clean and not sleazy. It works.  Although if you're not staying here, there's no real reason to come here in my opinion.  If you just need a clean, comfortable place to stay, then go for it!
4	My friends & I had made reservations at Circus Circus.  After reading some reviews & talking to Vegas veterans, we changed to TI.  It's in the middle of everything and so much nicer than what I expected.  The room size was perfect for the four of us and the bathroom was huge.  Perfect location for almost everything we wanted to do.
3	It was ok. There were trays left outside people's doors for a long time.The bed was terrible for a four star hotel, I would expect better. It wasn't too expensive... but I still wanted something better.The room was nice. There is a big tub for soaking. It's just, it was average. I was hoping for something better from a four star hotel.
4	Despite the years it has on other hotels in its immediate area, TI is probably one of my favorite hotels to stay in.Pros:-Deals! All the time. Sign up for their e-mails or constantly check the website. It's super affordable (especially if you're going with friends and are splitting the cost). The last time I went it was about $70 a night.-Great location: near almost all the schnazzy places on the strip. Right across the way is the Venetian/Palazzo and the Wynn/Encore. You're also right next to Fashion Show Mall. You can walk out of TI and be surrounded by a bunch of hip things; it's awesome.-HAND DOWN THE BEST BED I'VE SLEPT IN. I've been to other "nicer" hotels on the strip, and TI's beds make you feel like you're sleeping on a bed of marshmallows (but not sticky). The pillows are great too. The rooms overall are decent, and the bathroom is average in terms of amenities. There's a flat screen TV with a good amount of channels.-Gambling: Lots of slot machines-Good service from housekeeping and staff in the casino/concierge.-Pirate show!Cons:-Doesn't have super fancy areas within the hotel like the Bellagio or the Wynn does (nope, no waterfalls, sorry).-It holds one of the older (and in my opinion, less intriguing) Cirque shows. But hey, you can even get a great deal on the show for staying in TI, so it's all good.I just really like this place. Maybe it's because after a long day of being in Vegas it's nice to fall asleep on something that feels like my own bed at home.
4	Living in LA, Vegas is an automatic vacation choice when we need to get out of town for a weekend.Treasure Island is one of the older properties in Las Vegas, and definitely is eclipsed by some of the more luxurious (and pricier) resorts on the strip, but it has become by go-to hotel for every Vegas visit.The pros:LOCATION! Right in the heart of all the strip action, across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, Venetian, Wynn, and lots more. The tram to the Mirage is convenient when you're too hungover or hot/cold to bear walking a few blocks outside. TI's also right off the Spring Mountain exit on the 15 so no battling strip traffic as you get into town.Rooms are comfortable, although not 5-star. Then again, how much time do you spend in your room? The beds are beyond comfortable, and king-bed rooms have an iPod dock which is essential for pre-partying.PRICE! One of the consistently best deals. For weekend we pay a little over $100 a night, and the rates can get as low as the $60s on the weekdays. For the location and amenities, it can't be beat!The cons:RESORT FEE! I HATE the $22+ resort fee they charge, especially since I can guarantee I will not use the fitness center, business center, or any of the other "resort amenities" it pays for. Internet is still for a fee, and the pool has short hours, so I can never justify this! Luckily, we stay often enough to where the occasional $20 off coupon is gifted for our next stay, which makes the resort fee more bearable.SELECTION of restaurants is sub-par, but then again, you're at the center of the strip and close to everything!The TVs in the room have really crappy channel selections, but then again, I use it more for background noise and watching Friends re-runs at 4 AM.All in all, I will keep going to TI for the value and convenience-- such a consistently good deal will keep me coming back! The check-in servce has always been amazing also--we've gotten free upgrades to strip-view rooms without even asking!If you're on a budget and don't expect 5-star Wynn-quality accommodations, definitely check out TI. It has enough shadiness to make it really feel like Vegas, but is spruced up enough to make you feel comfortable. Win-win!
2	great rooms, great location, subpar service.for my last stay i wanted adjoining rooms. when i tried to book online, it didnt have that option, so i called. the woman i spoke to said that the only way i could get adjoining rooms is if one of them was a suite. for about $30 i thought, why not? when i arrive at TI i was told there are no longer any adjoining room suites. say what? ... instead of bumping me up or offering me anything else, the check in person just offered me two standard rooms. ... WHAT? ridiculous! after insisting that i really wanted adjoining rooms he left me waiting at the counter for about ten mins while he talked to his manager who released adjoining standard rooms. okay, so at this point i am PEEVED1. the lady on the phone was mistaken! she INSISTED that i needed to get a suite in order to get an adjoining room.... and yet when i get to the hotel check in guy offers me adjoining standard rooms. grr2. check in guy. what is with your attitude?! never really explained what was going on, would just ditch me at the counter for ten mins at a time without any explanation, and just overall, choc full of bad attitude! i had to ask him what was going on before i got an explanation. didnt seem willing to help me out at all! just overall bad attitude. if i wasnt so damn tired with a crying baby in tow, i would have been more wiling to rip a new one and talk to his manager. how is it that someone with such poor attitude would be responsible for welcoming guests?! im surprised all the guests didnt just leave!--------------------------------------------room review:- clean modern decor. i loved the cozy comforter. bathroom was clean and well stocked. tv had crappy channels, but i guess who really goes to vegas to watch tv? free wifi - part of the resort fee. - resort fee was about $25/roomwould i come again? if this was JUST based on rooms, id probably give TI 4/5 stars... but coupled with the crappy service i had to bump it down to 2/5. thats right, 2 entire stars. when its a hotel, its all about service!
4	My second time at this hotel and I love it.  I think mainly because its in the middle of the strip.  I mean, its not your hip and modern hotel, but it's pretty decent.Walgreens is just across the street so it makes everything even better.They just need better bars and restaurants though.
1	I've stayed at New York, New York, the Aladdin, the Golden Nugget, Planet Hollywood, and T.I. This is my LEAST FAVORITE. Had a decent room with a nice view of the strip and the show outside, but it was LOUD, too bright, and there was mold in the grout in my bathroom. Also, the bathroom was something I would expect to find at a Best Western. Definitely the cheapest bathroom of the places I've stayed. In fact, my bathroom is a LOT nicer at home. Felt like I took a step down staying at this place. Hate the location. I could go on. This place is way overpriced for what you get.
1	Like most Las Vegas hotels, a big rip off. They charge you for everything, including access to the gym and internet access.This place sucks.
3	Rooms are clean. Bathrooms are decent. Casinos are what you would expect. Nothing out of the ordinary.You have to pay extra to work out in their fitness room. I hate that. I just want to run for two hours and I have to pay more than $10 for that?
4	Great for the price we paid, which was indecently low, but this place gets pricier during peak season and I think at it's normal prices it's not really worth it.The rooms were clean and decently sized but didn't have a fridge.  I really don't have any complains otherwise.  The hallways smelled nice, like sandalwood or something.  Can't comment on the pool as it wasn't open and it was winter so I wouldn't have gone anyway.The big problem was the service.  They gave us the wrong room.  They told us they were giving us a two queen room at the desk and we ended up with a single king bed.  Then one night coming back, they turned the water off on our floor without telling us and we had to wait half an hour before taking a shower (not pleasant after a night of clubbing).  They also screwed up our wireless internet account and we had to call the front desk fix it (thankfully they did).  Overall, they seemed a little disorganized in general.  They even forgot to charge us resort fees (of course, not complaining about that...).That's kind of a lot of complaints for a 4 star review, but in the end the problems were minimal considering how little I paid (worked out to about $33 per person for two nights).  But again, it does get pricier during summer.  And I wouldn't bank on them forgetting the resort fees either.  But I wouldn't mind coming back during the off season again given the excellent location (right across from the Venetian, Palazzo and Wynn towers).
3	This place was just okay.  Check-in took forever.  I paid more here than what I paid to stay at the Palazzo a few months before, so I was expecting a four star hotel like priceline told me!  But it's probably 3 stars at best...nothing special, rooms are small, tv is smaller...it was just okay, average...I would only stay here again if it was free.
4	Pretty nice hotel in the middle of the strip. Our company always books us there when we are exhibiting at the convention center. It's just a bridge walk over.  Facilities are nice, lots of great restaurants inside, access to a really nice gym. The gym has individual TV's, water bottles and fruit, which is awesome.  Only downside is the $22 resort fee per day.  If they are going to charge that for internet and gym access, I'd much rather pay the extra money to stay at the Pallazzo or Ventian, but it's all good.
2	The good things about this hotel: i.)It's a great location centre stripii.) The rooms are comfortable and decorated with modern decoriii.) Check in and check out service is excellent with a great left luggage check in.  iv.)Excellent selection of pay per view movies including many that are only out at the cinema at present. $12.99 for a movie just out.TIPS: 1.) Check in as soon as possible at 11am.  The sooner you check in the higher up your room will be and probably with better views.  We had a view of the strip on the 26th floor which was excellent.  Our friends who checked in an hour or so later were ten floors down with less of a view. 2.) If you have pictures to take back (cartoon drawings, photographs etc) you can leave these at the front desk as left luggage after checking out - saves you from carting them around all day. The not so good things about this hotel:i.)You will be charged a $23 per day resort charge on arrival on top of your room charge.  A pretty standard charge in LV but dubious non the less.ii.)The rooms are super small, although they do have two Queen beds (UK double beds)iii.)There are no children's channels on the TV menuiv.)There are no coffee/tea making facilities in the roomv.)The in room Wifi is not compatible with Apple or Android - i.e Iphones, Ipads and android phones can't be connected to it.  My husband spent a long time on the phone to their support trying to make it work (he is a techy so was super knowledgeable) to no avail.  The Internet support were seriously lacking in knowledge and it turns out that their wifi is just not compatible with these products.  Our friends had laptops and these worked fine with the wifi.vi.) House keeping is efficient but super slow.  Our son was sick on his bed and it took them over an hour to change the bed for us, which in the middle of the night with two children is a long time.All in all this hotel is okay for single people/couples who just want a decent place to sleep but is terrible for families and we won't be staying there again.
4	I got a 50% off deal from priceline that took off a lot of taxes and fees for this hotel. We got the Deluxe room with the strip view for 2 nights for about $390 and it was money well spent.The room was pretty nice, it wasn't anything super fantastic and there were enough accommodation for 5 girls. It was clean but nothing fancy, but that wasn't a big deal because we didn't stay in the room too often. I would recommend this hotel for partyers on a budget :) it's a great hotel for enough luxury for a good price.Oh and if you're wondering, yes I did get wasted. And the week was epic. :)
2	Check-in is very slow. They never heard of express check-out for some reason, so it is slow too. Time costs too much to waste it in lines like this.Internet didn't work, because of screw up of the front-desk person who checked us in.As many people mentioned mandatory $20 resort fee sucks.Breakfast buffet is very good, although it costs $25.Location is great, rooms are clean and neat. However I would not call it 4 star hotel.I didn't compare with the other Vegas hotels/casinos, all this is probably common, but it doesn't mean that it has to be like that.
3	I like the location and room rates for the TI ....the hotel and rooms are in need of some major updating ......
4	I've never stayed at Treasure Island, but with the decline of Luxor, I need a new spot and this might be it. The rooms were not expensive at all, so I kind of thought they might be really old/outdated, but they weren't! The food options were kind of lacking, or maybe I didn't really pay attention. I'm slightly embarressed to admit this (because who works out on vacation), but we used the awesome gym. There were tv's on the treadmills. TV'S ON EACH TREADMILL! Yes, I could watch what I wanted (or plug my ipod in and watch videos) and workout. I went during winter, so we didn't use the pool. And I do have to say that late night food options were a little lacking, but whatever.
1	How does this hotel have a four star rating? At the most, this hotel is maybe 3 1/2 stars. I got fooled into booking this place through Priceline. I really wanted to stay at the South end of the strip because I usually stay there. When Priceline didn't want to accept my original bid, I decided to expand my search to the North end, thinking that maybe I'd get Caesar's Palace or the Mirage. Nope, I got stuck with Treasure Island. Just great.There's only two positive things I can say about the hotel so I'll get those out of the way:1. If you want to be close to the Fashion Show Mall and the Venetian/Palazzo, it's right across from both places. 2. I had a perfect view of the strip and could see that outdoor Sirens show from my room.  It was a neat to see fireworks from my bed.Now the bad stuff:1. The $22.50 resort fee. The only good thing about that was that it included the WiFi fee which would've been $15 a night. All the other crap it included like the 2 for 1 stuff was useless to me because I was staying by myself. And $20 credit for my next stay? Puh-lease.2. Check in begins at 11 AM. I have stayed at so many different hotels in Vegas and this is the first place I've been to where they've enforced that. I've gone to the Palms at 9 AM and they've had a room ready for me. I got there at 10:15 AM and was waiting in the wrong line for 10 minutes until someone told me where the check-in line was (which wasn't marked at all). I sat down on the carpeted floor for about 40 minutes until the line started moving. There must've been at least 30 people in line by then and there were only 2 staff members checking people in. 3. Small room. Not a huge flat screen TV. Bathroom needs more handles in the shower/tub. (I work in the travel/hospitality industry, I know this stuff)4. Housekeeping sucks. I left the "service please" sign on my door when I left my room for brunch and when I came back to my room about six hours later, my room was left unlocked with the deadbolt sticking out. There wasn't a service cart around the hall either so I don't know why my door was left open. I was freaking out because I had my laptop in my room and all my other valuables too. Thankfully none of my valuables were missing but I was still upset knowing they could've easily been stolen. 5. The casino smells awful. Lesson learned about booking Vegas hotels on Priceline. I'll stick with the Vegas hotels I know.
1	**Rental Car broke into in the parking garage** Security was absolutely no help at all and they made it seem like I was lying about where it happened .. The internet didn't work 3 of 4 days I was there until we talked to front desk because you use your last name and room number as password. Kept getting an error that no such record existed .. Stayed on the 33rd floor .. Too bad our view was of the interstate .. The room itself was nice .. The flat screen TV was about a 22in .. The TV is disabled from allowing a game system or laptop by default .. It can be done though .. The gambling was ok .. Buffet had decent price .. Deli has very high prices ..
1	OK so I am NOT a happy camper. I was here not long ago for my hubby's birthday. We booked a room well in advanced. There wasn't anything wrong with our reservation upon arrival. However, the thing that I didn't like was that when we had asked for our room to be replenished with towels, tissue, toilet paper, etc, it never happened. We had the "maids" come in and clean up our room for us. We bagged our own trash and things. We didn't leave a filthy mess all over the place and expect them to restore the room to its original cleanliness. We didn't use any of the resort's amenities like the pool or work out areas. That's our bad but guess what, I didn't want to pay for it so I didn't. Upon check out, I had them remove those fees. Plus, I was a very disgruntled customer. So, I didn't feel like I should have had to pay for things that weren't used by me. I think I paid for my toilet paper and things in my nightly rate. I didn't get it. I didn't get tissue either. So, when Walter had a bloody nose, guess what?!?! We didn't have any tissue for him. I had luckily had a few extra napkins in my purse. So, he had to make due with that. The maids didn't come and take care of our room. Even more disgusting, there were a few drops of what appeared to be blood or some strange red substance on our duvet. That's just gross. You have got to be kidding me. WTH!! I didn't have a bad experience here the last time that I stayed but based on this most recent experience, I don't know that I will want to stay here again. . . or not for a while or unless I am forced to do so. NOT COOL
3	This hotel is not as nice as some others on the strip such as the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, etc. However, we got a good deal on the room ($60/night) and it was totally adequate. The lunch buffet was good (especially given that we had a 2-for-1 coupon) and they even had good vegan options. Isla, the Mexican restaurant was great. The service was fine. The room was nice, the bathroom was big, but take note there is not a fridge, at least not in our room, so bring a cooler should you want to keep anything cold.  There is a Walgreens right across the street in case you need any toiletries or gallons of water. The pool was really nice. However, there aren't any happening bars or clubs but you are just a walk or short cab ride from better nightlife.
1	The vending machine took my money, the room is super small yet pricey and finding towels is like finding a man with good credit. In short, Treasure Island is a great view of the Cosmopolitan but not the Cosmopolitan. We got hustled but my friend is a model so she made it worth while by getting me tickets to the fashion show. Never again unless I'm on a good one or everywhere else is booked :(
1	If you take yourself and your dignity seriously, stay away from this place.  I went on a business trip to an annual convention and I made the mistake to intrust a package to be delivered to their "Business Center" desk.This is the kind of place that if you actually need to get any business done, not that people primarily go to Vegas to do business, but this is the kind of "Business Center" that does not really care or assist with your business.After a week of back and forth, we finally found this package and it was supposed to have been sent out four days ago and I would have been paying for everything.  Today I called and the package is still there! WTF!They gave me a half baked excuse that they can't ship things on Saturday. Next year, we will not stay there.
2	Let me first by saying, I LOVE our room.  We had the tower suite with jacuzzi tub and it was very roomy, nicely decorated (comtemporary), and the bed was very comfortable, hence the two stars purely for the room.  So why the low rating?  Because of their service and obvious operations issues.Our flight got in really really late. I even called on the day of our arrival, to tell them to please hold our room because we will be getting in well after midnight.  By the time we got in, it was around 2 AM due to flight delays. The lady checking us in told us "We don't have a tower suite, we'll give you a standard room with walk-in shower, but we can have you change room tomorrow".  Wait, what?  Why?Her explanation, "We have been checking people in since 11 AM.  We are out of tower suites."Wait, what?  How is that my problem?  What's the point of making a reservation if you can't hold our room that we booked (like I am in the car reservation Seinfeld episode)?  Are you going to compensate us for giving us a lesser room because we paid a premium for the suite?Her answer, slightly annoyed, "No, but you can get a suite tomorrow."  As if to do us a favor....Well, that just wasn't good enough, I asked her to call someone to make it work.She picked up the phone, loudly, right in front of us, "These two people are upset because they were guaranteed a tower suite." At the end, we got the right room (SURPRISE!! they did have a room that miraculously became available after we complained).  But, fast forward to 5 days later, when we were checking out, we found the rates hiked up $200+.  I had to go back to the front desk and argue about the room rate.  Took me about an hour, working with two front desk clerks and almost missed our flight.Finally, when they updated my bill to the right quote, they asked, "did you check in really late?"  "Yes, and I called ahead of time to inform you guys that my flight will be coming in after midnight."Apparently, their explanation to the messed up rate was that because our check in was so late, that the reservation got canceled.  The lady who checked us in, just booked us a new reservation so we lost the rate. I might add that when we got our room, she had us sign room rate acknowledgement using a very small monitor device showing hardly anything.  We questioned that the rate looked high, her response was, "it includes resort fee and taxes".  That was a total BS.  When I got the itemized bill, those rates didn't include any fees/taxes, hence the added $200+ on total bill.Imagine that, a large casino hotel that does not know (1) how to handle guarantee someone with a room reservation, even after the customer called in to confirm, and (2) does not know how to handle late check in when doing business in a city that does not sleep.What a mess....
3	Please note: I vacillated between a 3 and 4 stars, but decided if I am wrong the lesser evil is not to oversell it. good & great: - Happy with rate. Didn't get the super deal that previous reviewer did because two of my four days were Fri and Sat. I paid an average of $106 a night for four nights, including tax and fees. - Pleasantly surprised at comfort and quality of room, especially sheets/comforter/etc.  It wasn't a large room, but I opted for the Standard so I expected smaller still. Good storage, a desk, and a reading chair by great view of strip; generous counter space in the bathroom and large tub w-shower. -Quiet room!! -Service was fine; neither stellar or irritating. -Canter's deli. The Reuben rocked. An actual real deli. - Overall happy with our choice, better than my previous trips (only 3, not vast experience), in which we stayed at really sucky hotels inc Flamingo, Frontier (I think they tore this puppy down) and somewhere I don't remember. - Very pleased with housecleaning  the bad: -Three people in our party and I wanted a Jr suite but only the Standard rooms have the two Queen option. Seriously. -Lighting in the bathroom was abysmal even by hotel standards. -Towels had that burnt smell of towels in cheap hotels. Putting my face near them was pretty gross to me. Also rough, but I can forgive that for a massive hotel at this mid-rate.  -LISTEN MARKETING/PUBLIC AFFAIRS: having a resort fee that is mandatory is the height of stupidity. I asked why it was a fee and not folded into the room rate if it was mandatory. The answer was a robotic (this is my training, i must say this. only this): "We don't want to have hidden fees". Huh?!  Just have a room rate and call those "extras" what they are: amenities. Of course by calling it a resort fee they can artificially lower the perceived room rate, but another reviewer nailed it when she said she resented having to pay for extras she had no use for, e.g. two for one coupons. -I found the pool disappointing. But I usually do. At a resort I want an extraordinary pool environment: really large, a smaller one for small kids to spread the love, some landscaping, please oh please. I stayed in a Cabana rented by a friend, but had I been in the elbow to elbow lounge chairs I wouldn't have even used the pool area.-Kick in the balls: I found I had to print something important at the last minute...Using the computer was $15 for TEN minutes and printing was $1.50 per page. Overall, I'd say it depends on what's most important to you in a hotel room. I would stay there again if the room rate (inc damn resort fee) was one of the best deals I could find and if a resort-swimming experience wasn't important to me at the time. A nice and quiet room is paramount, so that's the part of me that was nudging me to a 4...
3	This hotel is great.  The pool is nice and the rooms are nice...I think it's a great value for the price.  I enjoyed the spa facilities and a facial at the hotel's spa too.  It isn't the Bellagio but it doesn't have that pricetag either.  As far as location on the strip, it's a little bit north of center.  Taking a shuttle is slower than walking but it will be too long of a walk all the way down the strip from Treasure Island to the other end of the strip.  If I had all the money in the world I would stay farther south...but I don't.  I have stayed at Treasure Island two times and was happy with it both times.  The casino is clean and not too smokey.  I would recommend this hotel for a mid-range hotel on the strip
2	beware.... there is a extra "RESORT FEE" that they will charge you at the check in for $22.40 per night mandatory charge for all. even after paying the so called great deal on line up front with your credit card. so if you think your getting a $75 dollar a night... think again! they made us wait for the room for almost two hours said it is not ready (the staff was not apologetic at all) and the towels smells like a mixture of cigarette smoke and strong smelling detergent. best description i can do and yes we are not coming back!
5	Very clean casino...pool is nice and well maintained,,,all the staff members were very helpful too...
3	Treasure Island was once a successful appendage to The Mirage.  Its pirate theme was cool with the ships fighting every 30 minutesNow everyones once favorite pirate hotel has an identity crisis.  Should it be downscale like the Raiders from The Riveria.  Maybe it should be more upscale like the Venice or Paris...Maybe it should change the name to Pirates of The CaribbeanThe casino/hotel is decent for the price $75 with the insidious hotel charges thrown in.  It does need some help in regards to service.  Called down to the desk for a late check out and was placed on hold for exactly 13 minutes before I hung upAfter going for a run, I went down to the desk.  they told me yeah its a long wait in the morning because there is only 2 people answering the phone(for a hotel of 2,000 rooms)Perhaps service may be a place to start..Then again, its a tough commodity in a debt ridden town
5	My husband and I went to Vegas for our honeymoon and Priceline'd Treasure Island.  I was happy with the location, but wasn't sure how we would like it based on reviews and the resort fee.  However, once we got there, checked in, did the $20 sandwich, we were SO impressed!  We got a panaromic view room on the 31st floor with a view of the Sirens show - the room was AMAZING!  We've never stayed in such a nice room.  They also threw in complimentary champagne, which was quite nice.Service was also excellent, as when we needed a new iron and when we ordered the champagne, everything was brought up very quickly.The bed was very comfy, the room spacious, and the bathroom very modern.  We were definitely very impressed with TI and would totally stay there again!
2	This place is ok.... the price is ok and the rooms are decent...its clean and has a decent location on the strip. Nothing really stands out here but then again there is nothing that really lacks.... I do have a grips that they didn't ask about to keep my room open and did it anyhow so there was an additional $100 charge on my card for no reason so, I had to go and find out what it was... for that reason 2 stars instead of 3
3	I recently stayed at the Treasure Island for one night in Vegas, prior to that we stayed 3 nights at the Mirage but that is another review. Upon check in which was on a Monday afternoon, the check in line was ridiculous. After waiting for 15 minutes and many more to go we decided to leave our bags and try again later. Once checked in we asked for non smoking but found our room was so smokey it felt as if we were smoking in the room ourselves. Being that we were only there for one night we dealt with it. The room decor was nice and the bed was comfy. The TV was a bit small and there was no fridge which would of been nice to have. The bathroom was large which was a plus. There is some bars and good places eat right there in the hotel which was nice. All in all for the price we paid the Treasure Island was a deal but would rather stay some place else next time.
4	We recently held a company event here and honestly I was nervous after reading all the awful reviews! I'm happy to report the TI is actually pretty great. We had a few communication issues with them when we were setting the event up, but everything went off without a hitch!*The location of the TI is freaking awesome. Fashion Show Mall, Palazzo, Wynn, etc, are all right across the street. *Our conference food was surprisingly good for hotel food. I set the bar pretty low for these events, and I can honestly say the food was better than food I've been served at corporate events at Caesars, Paris, Mirage, and the M Resort to name a few. Everything from the pasta with brown butter sauce to the key lime tarts for dessert was well priced and well executed. *The spa was FABULOUS. Separate review, but I'll note here that the staff rocked and everyone loved the treatments. *The rooms were actually pretty great. They are all recently renovated and pretty. The beds were comfy. Much nicer rooms than the Mirage next door. Overall this place exceeded my expectations. Our room rates were a reasonable $59. Their conference rates were decent (for being on the strip) and I had no major issues whatsoever with staff or service. The bad reviews confuse me - what do you expect for a sub $100 hotel room??
4	For my first trip to LV, TI is where myself and two friends stayed. I didn't care for the location being that it was toward the end of the North of the LV Strip. Other than that TI is highly recommended if you want to lodge comfortably for a reasonable price. The atmosphere was very un-pretencious which is always a big plus. My fav part of TI believe it or not was the bed. Seriously one of the most comfortable beds that I've ever been in.
3	Vegas is one of those towns where I feel like you can either be thrifty, or spend a ton of money, but not really do much in between. I had never stayed on the strip before, and the closest my husband had ever gotten was the Stratosphere, so we were happy to be somewhere centrally located. In fact, I think location is TI's strongest suit: you are directly across from the Venetian and Palazzo, and Belaggio and Caesar's are under a mile away. We booked our hotel and flight together, and even on a weekend, TI ended up being only about $60 per night, which was a pretty good deal. Overall, the hotel was easy to navigate, clean, moderately priced, and obviously well located. We were supposed to have a cruddy view since we had a discounted rate, but we actually got a corner room, which is slightly larger, and a view of the strip from two sides of our room. The room was comfortable and adequate, and I was overall happy with our choice to stay here.However, some things did detract from our stay: upon arriving, we had to wait 45 minutes to check in. Yes, it was a Friday, yes it was busy. But guess what? Fridays in Vegas are always busy, so perhaps TI should staff more than 3 people to check in guests, when they have room for at least 10 clerks at their front desk. Of these 3 staff members, 2 spent literally 20 minutes with a group of clients, so essentially only one person was working. He was exceptionally good at his job, but there was only one of him. The "resort fee" is $20 a day which is ridiculous. This includes access to the fitness center, and wifi. Wifi is normally $15 per day, but I would rather just not have wifi, or have to pay to use the fitness center. Our second night, I was awakened for 2 hours in the middle of the night by an endless stream of hotel guests walking up the stairs and by our room ceaselessly, and loudly. At first I thought it was one rude group, but as it continued I realized something must have gone wrong. Turns out the elevators stopped working, which meant people were having to walk all the way up to their rooms, (we were on floor 17). They were obviously unhappy about it, were loud and drunk and woke up everyone who was asleep. Although TI cannot make people be quiet, they did nothing to make up for this to anyone, including the guests who had to walk up 17+ flights of stairs. Although our room was clean, I was surprised that all horizontal surfaces in our room were covered in a week's worth of dust. I found it puzzling that surfaces were not wiped down between guests. Additionally, we passed several discarded room service carts that sat outside our neighbor's room for over 8 hours, and were never cleared.i was relatively pleased with our stay, but I will not be running to return here if i can find a competitive hotel with a competitive rate.
4	I really liked their hotel room. It wasn't too fancy but it was a deal for the price that we paid. Who really stays inside the hotel room when you go to Vegas anyway? Sucks for party poopers who like to crash early because you can hear the Siren show booming inside your hotel room. The last show is at midnight though. We were only there to experience the booming because we were getting ready for the night out. The cleaning ladies would turn off the air conditioning at times during our 4 day stay so when we would come back the room would be hot! I hate walking in the heat but luckily Treasure Island has a tram that you can take to the Mirage to save a partial walk. I also love the fact that Treasure Island has its own player's club card! Yay for free slot play!
4	3.5 stars, but I round upPros: -great location on the strip (though my personal preference is mid-strip, this was more end-strip but a good location nonetheless)-easy check-in, we were able to check in early with no problems-clean and quiet rooms-rooms cleaned daily, fresh towels every morningCons:-Resort fee, though I knew about it so I calculated it into our rate-Smoky casino, but this is VegasWe did order room service and that took about 20 minutes to reach us, which was fine.  We watched the Sirens of TI.  My husband tolerated it but I wasn't impressed.
3	Treasure Island is one of the hotels on the strip that won't exactly "wow" you, but it's still pretty decent and at a great location at a decent price. It's been around for a long time compared to the Venetian and Wynn, and it always features their free pirate shows that play hourly outside. Stayed at a standard room. Good view, everything was clean, comfortable bed, and minimalistic modern decor.
3	Located at the end of the strip, it was quite a walk to get to places/shows. It was great exercise though. LoL. The check in line was SUPER long....the lady that checked me in looked super grouchy. The room I stayed in was on the 30th floor and had the view of the strip. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was big. The shampoo/conditioner could've been better. (And I guess it's the Japanese in me, but I wish they had room slippers. LoL)
5	Really enjoyed my stay at the Treasure Island hotel.At first i wasn't expecting much of the hotel, i'm not sure why, even though i read it is a AAA 4 diamond rated hotel some of the pictures online made it seem only decent, and some reviews confirmed the hotel was like that too. But when i actually go there, it was a whole different story. From check-in to check-out we had a great time. The staff throughout the hotel is always courteous and friendly. It's rare for me to stay at a hotel like this and get great customer service throughout my entire stay. Gotta say, the rooms at TI are really good. The decor was modern and upgraded, and the room was very clean. I liked that the bathroom was also not only clean, but is designed nicely and comes with toiletries branded with TI's spa name. The fact that you get a "massage soap" is pretty nice too :D But the room is definitely the thing i loved the most about this hotel. The bed was really clean and just super soft pillows and comforter. Felt great knocking out on it after a good night of partying at Tao.  There are some things i didn't like though, the TV was kinda small. Although it had a decent amount of channels to watch, it was probably around 27" which is a little small for such a nicely upgraded room....but then again when your in Vegas your not there to watch TV are you? Another thing i didn't like was there's no in room fridge, it would have been nice to have one. I didn't see that you could add it anywhere either, i'm not sure if the hotel has the option to add one to your room either.  I also didn't like that the resort fee was nearly $25 but with it you get a $20 credit for your next stay and free Wifi, plus access to some other stuff at the hotel, so the resort fee more than makes up for itself considering you get that $20 credit and Wifi is i believe ~$15 a day.  Btw the Wifi at TI is pretty damn fast for a hotel wifi, i'm a techie so i did a speedtest, 9Mbps down, 2Mbps up, maybe my room was just in a good spot, but its much better than any other Hotel i've stayed at on the strip so far. Sirens of TI was a great little show too. I enjoyed it, if you want to watch it make sure you get there at least 30 mins before the show starts. You'll already see everyone trying to find a good spot around that time. Hotel guests get "VIP Seating" to the show, i thought that was nice, although i didn't end up using this cuz i watched the show as a last minute thing instead. lol. It doesn't last long, definitely not more than half an hour, but its entertaining. The Casino inside the hotel is pretty good as well, not crowded and its one of the better ones if your like me and don't like inhaling huge amounts of second hand smoke every time you come to step into a Vegas casino. There's a lot of staff on hand if you have any issues/questions too. Other things i liked about the hotels are the location of course, its right on the strip not far from the big hotels you probably wanna hang out at. There's also the free tram to Mirage, which makes it much easier to get around and cuts down a good amount on walking if your heading that way. Restaurants are really good at TI too, the Coffee Shop is my favorite, don't let the name fool you, its much more than a coffee shop, they serve Mexican food and some kick-ass burgers too! All in all, i had a great stay at TI and TI is on my top 3 list for Vegas hotels now, right next to Venetian and Wynn/Encore. TI might not be as "flashy" as Venetian or Wynn/Encore, but its pretty affordable and you get a great room with great service that's right on the strip!
3	Not bad, but there is much better in Vegas.  For example, I stayed at Paris on the most recent trip and is a much better location.  If you do stay at TI see the Sirens.
2	Room wasn't that nice, I expected more for a place like the TI, and the price I paid.  First off I reserved a king sized room, non-smoking.  When I checked in they said all the kings were gone and tried to up-sell me to a suite.  After I insisted they honor my reservation they said only smoking rooms were left with kings.  They were not going to budge, so I reluctantly accepted the two double beds room.  Room was very dark, two lamps in a room this size, is not sufficient lighting. Window had duck tape on the fresh air vent.  The walls were paper thin, I could hear the guy next door with his hooker and cocaine party at 1am.  The only thing good about this room, was the bed, it was comfortable and the pillows were firm.
4	I write this as i'm sinking in this amazingly comfortable bed at TI, and I must say they are great.  TI is a nice hotel, the view of the strip from the room looks amazing at night and the pool is nice.  The food at Pho restaurant is good but the buffet could be better.  I've only been here 2days and so far the staff has been very helpful, I don't know if the fact that I'm an "Invited Guest" of the hotel has anything to do with it but so far I am very pleased with my stay here.
4	I'd definitely stay here again! The view of the 3rd floor roof was kind of lame for the price that was paid, but the bed was comfy. What I liked best was the bathroom (of course!). Nice and big and the shower was too hard water-y. Oh yea, the cool pirate show that is live with real actors is pretty awesome. Just don't get disappointed if they have to cancel it due to high winds or unpleasant weather conditions. Overall, it's not my favorite hotel but there's a Walgreens across the street that is open 24 hours so its really convenient to purchase your snacks and h2o.
4	This hotel is one of the better lower end hotels on the Strip.  For the price you can potentially pay (really cheap with plenty of online offers), it's well worth it.Driving up and down the strip can be quite a nightmare, luckily the parking lot for TI is right off the 15.  There is no need to deal with any of that annoying car and foot traffic.  Furthermore, you can side street it to any of the hotels on the west side of the Strip again with no traffic or hassle at all via Industrial and Frank Sinatra (easily accessible roads from the TI parking lot).The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful.  They were even helpful over the phone when I had to call down to have the free wifi fixed for our room.The hotel itself is in good condition.  Still very clean and looks well kept.  It doesn't have the dingy looking carpet or cracked paint on the walls that you might see at other hotels.  But of course it doesn't even look nearly as nice as the Cosmopolitan or Bellagio either.  Elevators, hallways, rooms, all clean and very well decorated.  Did not have any issues with the room at all; open space in the room and a very large bathroom.  There are also floor to ceiling windows that give you an amazing view of the strip.Gaming is typical, decent amount of tables and ample slot machines.  Guiley's pit which is new I guess even has some of the scantily clad females of the Guiley's bar that act as dealers.  Overall, I very much enjoyed my stay at TI.  I've been to the hotel on several occasions and never really have any complaints.  I still have yet to see the Sirens show out front though!  Maybe next time...
4	Clean and newly renovated guest rooms? Check.Comfortable bed? Check.View of the pirate show? Check.Opportunities for gambling and entertainment in the building? Check.I really don't have much to say that's negative about our stay at TI.  I found my favorite penny slots (the ones where you can actually bet a penny if you want) in the casino downstairs, we were close to many other casinos we wanted to go to, and our hotel provided us with a "two-for-one" discount for the Cirque du Soleil show "Mystere" (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil---mystere-las-vegas#hrid:Ey-5kZKy2dmfgW1RlvqVqA) which is also located in the building.I have two complaints.  One, there wasn't a coffee maker or a refrigerator in the room, though when we called the front desk, they were more than happy to deliver a small fridge to us. And two, the only Wi-Fi option was a paid service, which when ordered, was very unclear about whether you would be paying monthly for the service (you don't) and cost kind of a lot of money for a short time.  It would have been nice if our iPhones were able to get online, but there seemed to be a 3G block in our room (maybe others as well?).Basically, our stay was fantastic all around.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and even gave us the same conference discount for a third night, though we had forgotten to book it prior to arriving in Las Vegas, and the rates weren't exorbitant.  I would definitely stay at the Treasure Island again.
4	The check in service was great. The lady who helped us get settled was so nice and gave us drink tickets!The rooms were a good size, beds were comfortable and everything was clean. I wish the bathrooms were a bit bigger but that's only because we have 5 girls in a room. Definitely a good location on the strip!
2	Terrible experience altogether at Treasure Island. I booked through Priceline and paid about $120 for Friday night on Memorial Day weekend which even for the busy weekend I thought was way too much. This place should by no means be rated a 4-star resort. The check in process was insane - approximately 80 people or more waiting in line to check in and only 3 people working the front desk? We checked in at midnight (went to check in around 7:30 p.m. but the line was way longer so we figured we'd wait it out). Even at the midnight check-in, we didn't get to our room until 1:15 a.m.! I had email TI 4-5 days prior requesting a non-smoking room and since it was my birthday, also inquired as to whether they might have any complimentary upgrades (Aria upgraded us the night prior to a cityview suite for me and my husband's anniversary). TI didn't even bother to respond to my request and said there weren't any non-smoking rooms available when we were finally able to check in and so I was stuck with a disgunting stinky cigarette room with dirty carpet, a dresser with peeling paint and one of the bedside lights was out so it was vampire-dark inside the room. The next day the same room service dinner carts were still sitting there upon check-out at 11 a.m. - disgusting. Awful service, awful experience. These pirates definitely robbed me of $120 plus tax and the ridiculous resort fee (and what about the 2 for 1 buffet tickets people are talking about? Those weren't even offered to us!)Oh, and we switched on the TV and were flipping through channels when what appears but a porno movie - thank goodness we don't have kids! Award for tackiest place and worst birthday getaway goes to TI hands-down.The only reason for 2 stars is the location as the Venetian and Mirage are closeby so at least you can escape easily.
4	I'd definitely stay here again! Our room was nice & our bed was comfortable! We had a view of the palazzo and the strip. Minus 1 star because of the $24 resort fee, but overall we had enough room to walk around. the bathroom space was perfect, water pressure was good, and our room had a nice little porno style cleopatra chair to lay on! Loved it! However the casino sucks! It took most of my money and the machines didn't let me win shit! They have a starbucks downstairs and a lot of other places to eat, pizza.., ribs, and Hawaiian food. it's also in the middle of the strip =)
2	I like TI, but I've been to Vegas too many times to know what a good hotel is. TI is a ripe off, they charge you $20/night plus tax for some bullshit amenities "internet, gym, and newspaper" who the fuck uses those things? I came to Vegas to party and gamble! Not stay in my room to go online (and I have my phone for that), and to work out at the gym, it's my vacation, and who the fuck reads the newspaper?! in Vegas?! The rooms were clean, bed was comfy, water pressure SUCKS, and the toilet is outdated... it's at the northern part of the strip, it's a long walk to the middle of the strip. Also they have HORRIBLE check in lines, a line of like 100 people and only 2 staff. WTF right?! And the check out line is insane too!?! WTF is that right?! They don't have speedy check out like just calling them from your hotel room. Hella stupid management. I also booked for memorial day week, HORRIBLE rates, i paid $230/a night, what a ripe off right?! DAMN NEVER AGAIN. With that pricing I could stay in Caesars or Bellagio with better amenities!next time I would NEVER stay here again. I rather pay some extra bux and stay at Venetian or Palazzo, or pay less and be in the middle of the strip by staying at Flamingo or Harrah's.
3	I've stayed at TI several times...it's a great hotel because it's in the center or nearby the major "attractions" that I'd go to (like Encore, Wynn, mall, etc). The rooms are quite decent. The petite suite are nice and obviously more spacious...I like the fact that it had 2 bathrooms :).The dealers at the tables are always in a pissy mood and they don't smile much. It's always busy and crowded at the reception area and the wait is a pain. The service is ok, I think that the people could have been a little nicer.
3	it was good. but it was Vegas so it is what it is everything was kinda on the expensive side though for treasure island and there was not a fridge in the room and every time we called room service they would be like and hour wait so it was a little aggravating but nothing we couldn't deal with. plus the view from our room was to die for and made up for everything.
4	Me and my friends, desperate to stay at the nicest, cheapest, on strip hotel we could find in Vegas, spent weeks and months scouring the internet for deals. After blood, sweat and tears were shed we finally settled on Treasure Island, and kept our fingers crossed that we'd made the right choice......and we certainly did. Great location, friendly helpful staff, large clean rooms, plenty of bars, next to Fashion Show Mall, tram to Mirage...  the list of reasons to stay here goes on and on. We originally booked for 2 nights, but decided that we needed another 24 hours to do Vegas justice. Very easy to rebook the same room, and cheap too - $109 including taxes and resort fees for four of us. The casino is a little smaller and darker than other casinos, but that didn't bother us at all. Also, the pool wasn't the biggest we'd seen - but with pool side DJ's and a great atmosphere, we couldn't have asked for more. Would happily recommend to anyone heading to Vegas.
4	I've stayed here a few times, and I really like this hotel. It's in a good spot on the strip, the pool is great and the rooms are nice.
3	they make you pay an EXTRA $22 a night for the resort fee. also the air conditioning in our room was broken so we called to have it fixed. and nobody came. we had to call again the next day and they finally came and fixed it. we demanded that our resort fee be taken off because of the bad customer service we received so they took off the resort fee for all three nights. other than that the rooms were clean. big bathrooms and the pool was nice.
3	Be WEARY of the glasses in the hotel rooms. Pretty sure they don't wash them- only WIPE them down after use. Otherwise- a good stay! The rooms were cozy, bed comfortable and bathroom was nice! Service was great except they double charged us for a few things concerning the room.Oh, they have a resort fee too- lame!
3	When we arrived at midnight on Friday, we had to wait 1 hr to check in!!! The room keys did not work, so we had to go DOWN again to get it fixed.  Sometime during the night, some other guest got into our room with THEIR cardkey!  What gives?Other than that, we had a good time staying there.  The room itself was decent.  The bed is comfortable.  No noisy neighbors during the weekend.  There was even a sunken tub to relax after a long day walking around in my high heels.  We had a good view of the strip.  Since the room is directly above the hotel outdoor show, it can get noisy with sounds of explosion and fireworks few times a night.
2	The carpet is dirty. They need to remodel the rooms. Everything is outdated. The only reason I book this hotel is convenience. It is walking distance to the mall, Venetian and Walgreens. I got the Southwest Vacation Package.I went there Friday June 17 to Monday June 20, 2011.I see most of the customers drop off the luggage and gamble at other casinos. Please remodel!
4	stayed here this week on our honeymoon and have zero complaints..:) room service was awesome..we went to the Spa and had the couples massage and it was simply AMAZING!The staff is super and the casino is nice and clean and well kept.the pool is kind of on the smaller side but we are from the beach so that wasnt an issue as we have the entire ocean here! the Sirens of TI is super cheesy but hey its Vegas..half naked women lip syncing to songs..lolcheckout was easy..has large tubs which are great for a long soak after walking around vegas all day!also very convenient location...oh and if you can, go see the in house show by Cirqe..'Mystere'..it is awesome! will definitely recommend the TI..
4	I've stayed at this hotel a number of times when in Vegas.  Always reliable, comfortable rooms, great location to what we like to do.......next door to Mirage and Fashion Island.  Not far from Caesars or the Forum Shops.  Across the street from the Venetian and the Wynn.  Can't get much better.  Room rates always great during the week.  Sometimes, the check-in and check-out procedures are a bit trying, but not enough for me to be turned off to this place.
3	We sat down at the Sirens bar outside to watch the show.  It was fun, a bit too sexual for an 'open to the public' type of sidewalk show.  I have always been amazed by the amazing ships and the simulated sinking they pull off.  I think it is fun to watch, really fun for a kid, but the sexual references are just too much for any kids.
4	Overall TI is okay to stay at.  What they don't tell you at the front desk is that they're going to charge your card for payment until you checkout.  Didn't work for us since we were planning to pay cash.  Caused all kinds of over drafts on my acct.  We reserved tickets for Mystere and they did the same thing.  Either they don't know how to get an authorization on a credit card or they just don't want to risk it.  As for the room, the A/C didn't work when we first got there and it was a HOT day.  We called and they came right away to fix it.The shower head was horrible (needed a serious CLR treatment) and the drain was not working properly.They must've had a note to fix it because the maintenance guy mysteriously showed up the next day to fix it.They do have flat screen TV's, but if you're planning to hook a laptop or other device to watch your own stuff, don't bother.  They have the programming locked so you can't change the input.  Plus the TV is mounted in a way that you can't see the underside which is where the inputs are.  Had to use my phone to take pics to find out which ones to use, only to find out I couldn't switch to that mode afterward.I've read reviews that the pool is too small, but it seemed fine.  If you go right at noon, then I can understand that it might be packed.  We went in the later afternoon and it was fine.It's also only 4' deep so it's good for young kids if you have them.The casino is a good size.  Not huge like MGM.  More like NY/NY.  In fact maybe even a little smaller.Don't bother with the buffet, at least the dinner one.  Wasn't worth the $23 even if you get the 2 for 1 coupon.  Would have rather gone to the Outback Steak house across the street.Final note, if you need internet, better off paying the $20 resort with your room.  It's supposed to cover it. The business station they have charges for everything (PC, copier, fax).  They have credit card swipes attached to all of them.All in all it was not bad and I would stay there again.  Just don't plan on using all cash if you go.
4	I guess for those who visit Vegas often, lodging expectations are pretty high. I've been here three times now and Treasure Island is the second hotel I've stayed at. All I could say is, I had no complaints and my room was neat and clean. Bathtub was spacious and toilet flushed with no problem. Mirrors everywhere, which is a plus! Location was pretty sweet, allowing us to walk to the strip in a jiffy (yet wasn't easy in the suffocating heat). TV could've been bigger though! Other than that, I was very satisfied :)
3	so my dad had points and he invited me out for a guys night - not bad for free room..the beds are actually SUPER comfy for a basic two queen room. ..nothing really wrong about the room- your normal wear and tare but pretty well kept. yes- it is true what people have said about the credit card- my dad ended up with a 24$ tab and was trying to pay cash and it was automatically charged... we checked out @ the front desk and there wasnt even an option to pay differently so thats the only down side..the hotel isnt super busy and theres the theatre for special shows, an amazing mexican/tropical themed restaurant and an italian and some shops. pretty nice to stay at and is pretty close to all the other hotels!!
3	Stayed for a quick 2 night trip back in January to attend a friend's wedding. Thought we were getting a good deal when we ran across a buy 1 night get one free. Turned out not to be so great. With tax and the infamous resort fees I paid $300 for a Friday & Saturday night. $150 sounds about right for a quality room for two nights on a weekend but that sort of makes the whole buy 1 get 1 free a sham. I also paid extra for the strip view room & was told at check-in they don't guarantee those rooms. They gave it to me anyway but it ended up being a double bed room instead of the king I ordered. Nothing truly stands out about TI. It's your typical slightly above middle of the road hotel/casino & at $150 a night there are better options.
3	3 stars. But if you were to grade Treasure Island/TI on a curve with other Vegas hotels, particularly its neighbors, this place is a 1.5 stars at best. If I were to personify Vegas hotels, TI would be that guy in his thirties that still attends college parties. On one hand, you got to almost respect that he is still going at it after all these years and at times his age is almost more of a novelty than inappropriate. But, on the other hand, eventually you resent him for not realizing this crowd doesn't take him seriously. Because the party has changed over the years but one thing remains constant, Pirate themed hotels just aren't chic. And no amount of re-branding is going to change that. And although you do have really comfortable beds , clean rooms, and a central-as-it-gets location, you just aren't up to par. Your pool is pitiful, tiny, and has an undeniable Daytona Spring Break vibe to it. Your restaurants are a joke. Your staff has an attitude, almost as if they keep applying for positions at all the great hotels popping up next door but no one will take them seriously because they are treasure island employees. 15 minutes on hold for the front desk? Drink coupons that none of your bars would redeem for different reasons? Half finished drink left unattended quickly thrown out by grounds crew who ignored the several empty cups in the same spot? A surprise 'facility use' charge sprung upon us at check-in?And to top it all off, you booked Carlos Mencia to perform in your theatre. throw in the towel Treasure Island. Or better yet, walk the plank and let that great piece of real estate youve been letting go to waste become the next phase of one of Steve Wynn's projects.
4	i was there from June 24 to 27th. the room big enough for four adults. we checked in early and we got a room on the 25th floor facing the strip. that was the best part. the view was unbelievable. the AC. was strong. the room was very modern and clean. the beds were very comfortable. the casino i didn't care to much about nothing special to see or write about. there is a free show outside the hotel. if you haven't seen it. its worth check out. the area is pretty good, there is tram to the mirage and next to that is ceasers palace and on the other side is a big mall. accross the street is the Venetian, Harras casino (and a shuttle to Rio that were the best buffet in vagas)and the carnival bar. pool parties are not the worst but not the best either. the DJ was pretty good ,the down side very little shade. there is a mandatory $22 a day resort fee that includes wi-fi in every room and newspaper in the lobby. they don't tell you about the fee until you check in.
4	just a stroll through the casino and surrounding areas convinced me to stay here next time i visit vegas. i'll be back...
4	First time in Vegas and landed a reasonable deal at T.I.!  The hotel was fairly priced and local amenities seemed not to far of a walk away - walgreens across the street, shopping strip literally NEXT DOOR, not toooo far of a walk from clubs such as XS/Surrender (which made it convenient to walk to/from the club because taxi cab line can be a wait.)  & Although the buffet didn't seem like the most appetizing/famous, the Bellagio is 10 mins walk down the street! :) One negative was that I didn't realize the extra daily/resort fees that would be added .. so don't be bummed when you see an extra $25ish~ fee tacked on each day that you stay. BOO! T_T
4	Great location.  Nice, clean rooms.  Very reasonably priced (even with the bogus "resort fees").  Champagne brunch buffet was more than worth its price.  Casino was solid  So all the important stuff is taken care of.The problems, though few, are a bit annoying.  First, the re-branding of Treasure Island (whenever it happened) from a pirate-themed, family-friendly place to TI was a monumental mistake.  As such, it's not clear what this place is trying to be. Is it trying to be a party place? Possibly, judging by how, on certain days, its pool appears to be an extremely cheap ripoff of the clubbier pool parties on The Strip.  But if that's the case, how is it that there's no up-and-coming nightclub in the hotel?  Makes very little sense.Then there are those "resort fees" that they never tell you about.  I was told that the fees were covered in the reservation, and yet, after sitting though a terribly long line to check-in, I was told that I would have to consent to a $22/day resort fee. I'm not saying that these problems should necessarily deter anyone from staying here, but it's certainly worth being aware of.
4	I have no idea how much it is to stay here was, but it was a nice hotel. Rooms are clean, comfy bed&blankets. It's kinda far from the main strip but not as far. I got a good view of Encore, Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian! :) Room service is good. Valet parking is quick. AC is blasting 24/7. Their casino sucks :( I like how they have a Pho restaurant & Coffee shop combined in one, Starbucks, Pizzeria, Oxygen Bar!  I enjoyed my stay here.
1	I've stayed at TI 5 or 6 times over the years. The hotel is clean and pleasant. The room size, beds, and cleanliness are all fair. My complaint comes in the "resort fee". When I called up Wed night for a Thursday stay no one mentioned a resort fee. The resort fee is a per day fee that is added to everyroom. I do not understand why this fee is not built into the standard room fee. I find it to be deceptive. If the room is worth an additional $20 then add it to the room fee. This type of billing is frustrating and dishonest.
3	Stayed here on a guy's weekend with an old buddy of mine. I would say it's ok. I've never stayed here before. Rooms were ok. Pool is not that great and the restaurants in the casino aren't that good. It's got a good place to grab a burger and some good fries if you're in the mood, but definitely doesn't have a lot of nicer places to eat.If you don't want to splurge on an expensive room than I would recommend. It's in a decent location on the strip and walking distance to a Walgreen's and McD's when you get the late night munchies.
2	Casino floor smells like Old Spice, 'nuff said. Have not experienced the rooms.
1	When we checked in, our room was not clean. There were shopping bags and trash everywhere around the room.It's a big hotel, so I understand that sometimes the cleaning staff can make mistakes. But my 1-star is not for the dirty room, it is for the response we got when we called the front desk.We called the front desk to tell them about the dirty room, and all they said was "wait, we'll come up to clean it soon." They did not say sorry, or offer any sort of apology.I don't know what they expected us to do? Sit around in our dirty room and wait for them indefinitely?They should have offered an apology, and give us a time estimate as to when they will have someone up. 10 mins? 15 mins? Not "soon".The front desk staff was very rude, including the manager. I hope this review find its way to their ears so they can improve.
5	Clean rooms. We stayed in the Tower Suite and everything was great :) except for the fact that our TV was too small. Room service sucked, called down to ask for toilet paper and towels. Only brought us towels (we forgot we wanted toilet paper also). Called down again the next day and asked for toilet paper, took over an hr. What the point of having a jacuzzi if it doesn't work? Champagne on the house because there were miscommunication about how many days we planned to stay. Will be staying here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	We spent four nights at the Treasure Island and booked their petite suite.  It wasn't quite what I was expecting but the room was clean, and the bed was extremely plush and comfortable.  However; the towels were rough and the room kind of smelled like stale smoke (even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room).  The hotel itself was nice.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful.  We gambled a little bit but it seemed almost impossible to get a cocktail waitress to stop by.  When we did get their attention and order a drink they never showed back up (or we left because it took way too long).  Overall, I thought this hotel was in a good location as far as access to the Fashion Show Mall.  It was right across the street from a Walgreens, and the tram takes you to the Mirage next door.  I would stay again but wouldn't fork over the money for a suite ... I'd just get a regular room.
3	I came here with three of my girlfriends and we had a blast! Check out took 20 mins which was very reasonable. We were only in the hotel when we needed to get ready or sleep mainly we were out on our adventure!  This hotel is more for families other than that it was very clean. I loved the bed it was so comfy I actually really miss the bed :( T.I. was very nice to let us do a late check out and did not charge us an extra fee!
4	Room was clean and atmosphere in the casino was definitely lively.  However i do appreciate the tram that connected us to mirage.
4	I've stayed at TI 3 times now, and they've all been good. I always know i'm back at TI once i open those double doors to that distinct, but good, TI scent. It is at a perfect locale for us when we go for day and night. Next to the Fashion Show mall and across from Walgreens for any forgotten necessities. ROOMS: We always stay in a 2 queen room, and it's spacious, clean, and the beds are so comfy! The views vary depending on the room, but I liked when we overlooked the TI Boat because we got a fireworks show each night. The strip view rooms are also great because at night everything is lit up and gorgeous. -- They are also currently renovating and adding mini fridges to the rooms. STAFF: The staff is friendly and accommodating. During my last stay, we did hit a few bumps and I wasn't pleased with the service when we arrived. But everything was fixed and definitely better above my expectations. CASINO: the casino has practically everything you could ask for. If you haven't joined the Players Club at TI yet, you get $5 in free slot play - so definitely do it! I like playing the roulette machines and the poker slot machines. BUFFET: The Buffet at TI is yummy. There are many choices to select from from around the world. My favorites are the pasta and salad stations where they make it specific to what you want right there. And the dessert area is awesome! This is the only place i know where i can get cotton candy and mini doughnuts!!! The only thing i would like is prime rib, but maybe I'm there too early and they have it at night. EXTRAS: Pool / Fitness Center: The pool is nice and has a lot of chairs and cabanas. There is also a DJ spinning top 40s for your enjoyment. I went to the fitness center (next to the spa) a couple times and it's adequate. It's not huge, but it has ~10 treadmills with tvs, weights, and other machines. So if you want a basic workout or just to do a little something after the buffet or before you're heading out, stop by and check it out. You can also catch a show if you wish, and watch Mystere by Cirque Du Soleil. And there's a tram connecting to Mirage for your convenience.
2	I stay in the MGM properties every time I stay in Vegas which is pretty frequent.  This time I am passing through on a business trip.  I have a flight out of Las Vegas early in the morning so I decided I would rather fork out the money  to have a good night sleep than leave my house super early in the morning and drive the 2 hours from my home to Las Vegas.  Long story short, this review is only in regards to the room and checking in.  Upon arriving on Sunday at 3:40pm I spent a good 20 minutes trying to find a parking space.  I was surprised that there were so many people staying on an uneventful Sunday.  After parking, I walked into the Casino and eventually found my way to the lobby to only be shocked by the crazy long line to check in (I could see this happening on a Friday but on a non-holiday Sunday?).  After approximately 50 minutes I finally made my way to the counter.  The gentleman working the counter was very professional and friendly which made up for the long wait IMO.  I made my way up to my room which was a strip view room on the 22nd floor over looking the pirate ship.  Upon first entering the room I thought "Hey, this is not so bad".  I then started to unwind and relax.  I started to notice little things one after another which really built up into me feeling disgusted with the room.  There are blood stains and other unidentifiable stains on the sheets, the bed wasn't made (the blanket was just thrown on top of the messy untucked sheets underneth), a couple of glasses have food stuck to them, the is a large amount of dust all over all surfaces, the carpet has not been vacuumed, trash on the sofa, and more.  If I wanted an unkept room I would have booked a room at a motel on the north side just past the Stratosphere.  I'm in my room writing this and right now I just want to get my night of sleep and get out of here.  Oh, and the resort fee of $22 plus tax is just astronomical!  The MGM Grande is the only hotel of their properties I have stayed at that I have been satisfied with every stay.  It's sad that the room keeping is such a black eye on this hotel.  If it were not for the uncleanliness I would have rated 4 stars.
4	Location is great! Check in was not so great...it took 1 hour to check in. Maybe because it was Memorial Day weekend, but one would think the hotel would be fully staffed on one of the busiest weekends of the year. Thanks to the guy who checked me in, though, for the room upgrade...got a great view of the pirate show with fireworks! Room was clean and comfy.
4	TI's always good for cheap rooms, a great location on the strip, and some of the freaking comfiest beds in the world. They even have body pillows on the beds - although they're a little shorter than the traditional ones. Don't forget your toothbrush - housekeeping doesn't provide free ones. And the gym closes at 7?!Either way, you get what you pay for, and I'm down for the value and location.
4	Great location, and a fair price.This stay was more ballin' than my last because we got upgraded to the 34th floor (out of 36 floors).  I went to check-in, and the lady laughed at how my friend requested that we get an upgrade on the reservation.  She noted that he sounded super polite, and had correct grammar.  I said we were teachers-it's natural!  She said she'll give us the only room available on the top floors.  Sweeeeeeet!  She was super fun to talk to :DOne con-they don't have toothbrushes (two people forgot theirs), and they said anytime they have to bring something up (we asked for a wine opener) it would cost $5.  'Er...?  Even the cheap motels have both for free.No good clubs here, but the gambling's decent.  I couldn't find WAR, however!!Oh, and even though we all had full bars, none of us could get data on our phones.  Boooo
2	this place has gone down hill. came here for a friend's birthday. was ridiculously tired so we just wanted to kick back. nope. didn't happen. first room, stains all over the sheets and pillows. uh gross. called and they transferred us to another room. we found long strands of hair on the bed as well as more stains. called again and they transferred us again. by this time, we were tired, annoyed and extremely groggy. we get to our 3rd room but the cleaners are still cleaning so we sat outside the door waiting patiently. one of my friends befriended the cleaner and she told us that management had cut several people so theres only a limited # of cleaners per 2 floors. um ok. we get to our finally clean room and my friend comes out of the bathroom screaming. guess what? the toilet flooded. did she drop a deuce? no. the toilet was just weak which caused the flooding of not only our bathroom but our room too. had to move yet again. all within 2 hours. eventually, we called & complained and they comped us one night. i would've given TI 1 star but they have free wifi and that's a definite winner.
3	Yes TI is old.Yes MGM no longer owns it.But really its an older hotel that has been renovated quite nicely inside and the rates are pretty good. I mean for ~$100 a night on the wknd for on strip location... what else can you ask for.
4	Stayed at TI the weekend of 7/22-7/24. If you drive to Vegas like I did you will find parking at the hotel very convenient...the parking garage is located right off the freeway at Spring Mountain Rd....no hassle dealing with Las Vegas Blvd. traffic.Check-in process was very long around 11:30 AM....roughly 30 minute wait.Rooms were decent for $75/night. Beds were very comfortable and the room was clean and looked newly renovated. TV was on the smaller end but then who watches TV while they are in Vegas. Casino was nicely laid out and I was always able to play one of my favorite games.The location of TI is in a nice spot if you like visiting the hotels on the north strip. There is a tram that will take you to the Mirage and from there you can easily walk to Caesars or Bellagio. You can also leave TI and walk to the Wynn or Venetian which is across the street. Overall the hotel is a great value. Other hotels in this area are asking $200+/night (weekends). This hotel works well if you are on a budget and looking to crash somewhere comfortable. If you want the complete experience like ultra clubs and great restaurants you might want to look elsewhere.
2	One thing I hate is being lied to...and Some Pirate at TI definitely lied to me and tricked me with their hidden fees on a "great deal" Supposedly the room was going to be $99 per night so plus tax fess etc it came out to about $130 per night ok ok still cool...when we get there and have to check-in little hidden fee of $22.50 resort fee per day ummm so now we are paying for a Pirate show that we can give two fucks about and it turns out the damn hotel is averaging at $150 per night! Ahhhhh hell no if I knew I'd be paying that much for this joint I would've much rather stayed at a hotel where I REALLY wanted to stay and not have stayed there just to get a fake "deal" Fuck em!Beside that minor detail...ummm let's see they had a Pho restaurant the pho sucked nothing impressive...they had a 24 hour restaurant...pricey as hell and the food wasn't even impressive for the price.The pool was nice...kind of small, dj set-up I didn't think they had enough lawn chairs to lay out but now I'm just trashing them for tricking them. But hey if you ever think you're getting a "deal" from these people be careful because some pirate might be behind all this and it might be a scam #justsaying
3	We needed a room to "crash" after checking out of our previous hotel and before our evening drive home. TI was relatively cheap for our intent and the room was quite nice albeit a tad small. The bed was super comfy for that pre drive nap we needed and the lunch buffet was an excellent deal at the 2 for 1 deal we got with our reservation from the TI mail  promotional link.I'm sure we'd stay here again if we get another adult only vacation in the future.
3	Checked in here on Weds afternoon and  the line at registration was quite long but moved fairly quickly. The TV in my room was not working and the tech came and fixed it at around 1 am. Overall an OK hotel but definitely have been to better ones in Vegas. Also I really hated having to pay the $20 a day resort fee, especially since it was for amenities I did not use.  This hotels downfall is its lack of a theme. I definitely liked it a lot more when it had a true Pirate's theme. One benefit of this hotel is it's location. It is right next door to the Fashion Show Mall and it is pretty close to The Pallazo and Wynn.
4	Absolutely nothing wrong with Treasure Island but nothing that screams wow, either.$22.50 daily resort fee stings a little, but if you are aware of the fact before you go then it's not a big deal and you can calculate that into your budget. You also get WiFi and Gym access with it -- didn't use it but it's nice to have. (Note: All Caesar's properties don't charge resort fees.)Beds are super comfortable though the rooms are on the smaller side. I usually stay at Aria, but I found this to be okay for a trip with a couple of friends (more drinking, less upscale trip). Location is next to the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn/Encore, Venetian/Palazzo, Mirage and Caesars. I'd say all of those are about 5-20 minutes at most. It's cool if you like the North Strip but after staying at Aria so many times I've learned I prefer to be in the middle.Casino was fine. It had plenty to do. Made a quick $5 on Video Poker, haha. Blackjack dealers were fun and overall a good vibe but perhaps a bit...dead.I'd definitely consider staying here but only if the rooms were cheap enough.
3	I'll admit, I was very skeptical when told that I would be staying at Treasure Island for the weekend.  I remember coming here in 2005 and thinking, "how the heck does a place like this stay viable in the middle of the strip?"Apparently someone invaded my mind that day.  The renovations are great.  If you were blindfolded and dumped in one of their rooms, you definitely would not think you were in TI.  Everything looks updated.  Well, except for the the LCD television.  I'm pretty sure we had a 20" in the room and it was laughable.  Did you ever see the episode of The Office where Michael invites members of the office to his home for dinner?  Remember the "flat-screen" that Jan let him buy?Yeah.Another downer is the cigarette smoke-scented casino floor.  I don't know if the casino was part of the make-over or not, but what I do know is that the aroma of smoke is thick enough to linger on your clothes for an hour or so.The newer casinos don't have this problem.  Perhaps they have better ventilation or maybe there hasn't been enough time for the smoke to saturate every square inch of the casino.  In any case, if you're a classy individual, steer clear of the casino at TI.But the rooms are great...
3	Great location for a hotel near Mirage, Venetian, and Caesars Palace (my favorite places to shop!). Check out Mystere while you're here.
4	I hadn't been to vegas in agggggees, but I must say, TI looks like its doing much better. As far as the casino/hotel aspect....let's face it, it aint no aria or anything....Our room was nice, the pool was nice....but thats pretty much it. BUUUTTT!!!! There is one reason and one reason only why i really wanna give it a 5 star. 2 words: bill cosby. I had no idea he's still performing. I love this man to death! The show was the highlight of my weekend. He's at TI every few months so u absolutely MUST check it out.
1	Let me start out this review by saying I will NEVER, EVER stay here again. I chose this hotel on a recommendation of a friend. We came to get married and to go to Defcon. Upon arrival, I noticed how generic and tacky all of the decorations were. Then, I had to wait in line for an HOUR to check in. That's exactly what I want to do when I have been on airplane for over seven hours. Then we found out about the resort fee. WHAT RESORT? The pool is small, and plays really really really loud rap music for ten hours a day, so loud in fact, that I could hear it in my room, FOR TEN HOURS A DAY. Since we were in Vegas to get married, we had expensive jewelry with us, so we didn't want to maids to come in the room. We put the jewelry in the safe, and then put the privacy sign on the door. We came back about ten hours later, and the sign was gone, the room was cleaned and the safe wouldnt work. I called security and they had to come and unlock it, which to me, means someone messed with it. I called and complained and they blamed me for not putting the sign up. I KNOW that I put the sign up. The jewelry was still there, but I shouldnt feel unsafe in my hotel room. I would have loved to nap during the day before going out, but I couldnt because of the loud obnoxious rap music coming up from the pool. All of this was nothing though. The night before we left, I was getting ready for bed, and was rearranging the sheets, and FOUND FECES. FECES on the sheets. Like a dried, crusted spot. We didnt have an animal with us, and we are two grown adults. I was so angry. When I called the front desk, they sent a manager upstairs, and she was astonished. They promptly sent someone up to clean our room. HOWEVER. We went downstairs to talk to a manager face to face, and she basically told us that there was nothing for her to do. She was trying to tell me, who just got married and chose to spend our honeymoon in their hotel, that when I find SHIT in my bed, they can't do anything about it. I was so pissed. Luckily, their bar is open 24 hours. I had a drink, and went back up to the room. By then, the housekeeper had cleaned the room. The next morning, we went to check out to come home, and re-told the morning manager what had happened. She was embarrassed, this manager was much nicer. They comped the $120 "resort" fee and our room service. I was glad...because there is no way I would have paid for this stay here.I would like to repeat again, that I will never, ever stay here again. The food in this hotel is TERRIBLE, the service is TERRIBLE, and the decorations are TERRIBLE. Cheap, tacky and not in that cute Las Vegas tacky way either. They are going to have to do something, because there is no way they will maintain across from the Wynn.
4	This hotel has it all!  First off, when you stay during the week, you can get some good rates on suites, which are great, room, comfortable and 2 bathrooms with a super comfy King size bed.  It's close in proximity to a bunch of other hotels and the mall!  Would definitely stay here again...beware of the 22.50 extra tax they charge per night, BUT you get a coupon for a buy one get one free drink, 2 free buffets, $20 off your next stay, so it does pay for itself in the end.
3	I bid on a 4 star hotel on Priceline and this is what I got.  I wouldn't call it a 4 star hotel....more like a 3 star.  It's in an excellent location on the strip.  They charge you a $20 "resort fee".  This is definitely not a resort!!!  You get to use the fitness center, get free wireless, and a newspaper.  This is ridiculous.  These are things that other hotels, outside of Las Vegas, don't charge for.  The fitness center is only opened limited hours-- it closed at 7 p.m.  it's not large enough to accommodate all the guests that want to use it during peak hours.  And, you must bring the ticket that they give you at check-in to show that you paid the "resort fee".  You can pick up your "free" newspaper at the front desk.  But, this desk is also only open limited hours.  I checked-in at 3 p.m., which must have been the busiest time because the line was very long.  It took 30-45 minutes to check in.
4	Still a nice place to stay and play.  It's pretty much in the middle of the action.  The only issue is it is no longer part of the MGM Family... so comps are harder to come by.  They were the official Los Angeles Lakers Casino so I've dropped by a few times to check it out.  Steve Wynn did it right by building this oldie but still goodie!
5	Treasure Island is always my first choice hotel to stay in. So clean and fresh feeling.
4	Really enjoyed the hotel location, near plenty of other casinos, not to mention easy access by tram to the Mirage as well as walk ways to the fashion show mall. We arrived early the wait was still 45 minutes. People here do not work fast but we took our time to visit other hotels with the same result. They did give us free bottles of water. There is a resort fee of $20 plus tax but if you look around, it's pretty standard. Slept in the petite suite for 4 nights and it was good. Our view was of the Fashion Show Mall so it wasn't exactly the strip view. No coffee maker microwave or minibar. The safe is a standard cheapo. Extremely convenient to the 24 hour Walgreen across the street attached to the Polazzo, which in turns connects to the Venetian. Do not miss these two hotels.  Got a players card immediately and played 4-6 hours a day. Got all my resort fees and meals (buffet and Starbucks) comped. Didn't even lose that much. The Sirens of TI show can be ignored since it's nothing special but the Wynn and Wynn Encore is across the street if you like fancy stores with watches worth over $5,000 a piece. I would visit again since I've already been promised a comp for a deluxe room, food and slot credit. 4 stars for convenience to all, good casino service and a better than decent stay.
4	I actually loved staying here.  At first, I was skeptical because of the negative reviews.  But this place impressed me.  I got a very good deal on the rates because I signed up for the ti membership.   The location is awesome.  Its right by the mall and venetian and wynn.  To get to Mirage, all we needed was the tram.    The casino smelled like smoke but thats nothing new.  I loved it that the casino was a happening place.  I wasnt able to try their buffet.  I did have the 2 for 1 coupon for the buffet.  Oh, they have Canters the sandwich place which is awesome.  They do haved $22.50 daily fee for resort fee.  The pool was kinda small but still had nice decor.  The hours for the pool was 8 to 8.  wish it stayed open til 8pm though.  I will certainly stay here again.
1	When Treasure Island tried to re-brand themselves as T.I., they should have used the rapper as an inspiration. Then, and only then, might I have found some enjoyment at yet another whole hotel doing the stupid Vegas theme shit.Rooms are nothing special, though they charge ridiculous fees for things like daily newspapers and wi-fi (the former which we didn't actually receive, the latter which should be free.)Oh and to top it off, Christian Audigier has a club here too. So not only do you get to deal with all the normal dumb tourists, you get the stupid bros and hos who go for that stuff too.
3	Went for Mystere, didn't stay at the hotel.  Confusing casino layout, though...just seemed cramped and odd.
5	If you ever stay in treasure island try to stay in one of their suite.it's really nice.I stayed at their premier one bedroom suite which is over 1300 sq ft. with 2.5 bathroom.the view is amazing, able to see all the action on the strip.the location of treasure island is really good if you like shopping.Right next to the fashion show (my favorite mall!)you can find good deal by booking directly from TI's website.
4	Par for the course in Vegas, we didn't stay in our room much. But...when we did, it was pretty freakin' nice. This was our first time in Vegas, so we didn't really know what to expect, especially since we got a wicked deal through Southwest Vacations - I think it was like $315/person for a roundtrip flight and 3 nights. Ummm yeah. That's pretty damn cheap. In all honesty, I booked it because a friend of mine tipped me off to the fact they recently remodeled, and for that price I just couldn't pass it up. I was still expecting something akin to maybe a Best Western - which this CERTAINLY was not. I already knew about the resort fee, so that didn't really bother me. Since it was my birthday, the guy at the front desk tried to get us a nice room even though we has booked just the basic. We ended up on the 35th floor (second from the top) with a pretty sweet effin' view. Check-in wasn't too bad, we waited maybe 10 minutes even though the line was long. They had about 7 or 8 people working the desk so it went pretty quickly. Didn't order any food from room service, but requested more hangers and pillows and they were brought up pretty quickly.Unfortunately I can't comment on the maid service...the bf kept the 'privacy please' thing on the whole time because the new laptop that he had just bought wouldn't fit in the safe and he was convinced someone would steal it. Le sigh. We hung out by the pool one afternoon, got some ridiculously overpriced drinks, and chilled out in the water for a bit. Even in the 104 degree heat, that pool was ICE COLD. A bit of a shock at first, but much better than the alternative (we're from Texas and in the summer most pools are like bathwater...nasty). I think we got some wings at some point and I remember them being fine...but I was also a little buzzed at the time, so take that for what it's worth. They were reasonably priced though...maybe like $8 or $9 for 10 or 12 wings, pretty normal. The bed is SOOOOO comfy. Honestly, that was the only thing I really cared about, considering that I was sleeping in every day and have a tendency to wake up with pretty bad neck and back pain - which never happened. Hooray. All in all, I'd definitely stay here again. Not sure I would pay upwards of $100 a night for a basic room, but I am kind of a package-deal vacation girl anyway, so hopefully I'll score another winner like the one we did this time.
4	If you're a laid-back, beachy-dive bar kind of person vs. the bourgeois $16-for-a-drink loungey type of guy/gal you will probably like this place. It's sexy and a little raunchy w/o being trashy. It's clean and modern without being sterile. The hotel/casino can be a little expensive for food & drink but its directly across the street from the mall (they have an ABC store) and Walgreens. If you're in the mood for something a bit more high-scale and quality you can go across the street to visit the Palazzo, Venetian or the Wynn.The pool is on the small side but it's geared towards adult entertainment and amusement. Basically, TI isn't necessarily "as good as it gets" by Vegas hotel standards go but it's FUN, laid back, centrally located, reasonably priced and has a vaguely debaucherous vibe. Good times.
1	You really do get what you pay for....I stayed here with a group of friends because some were on a budget and we heard good things about TI, so we decided to give it a try...The line for checking in was 40 minutes long. It then took 30 minutes to get our three rooms and supposedly... it was an "upgrade", which was a huge disappointment when we actually went into the room, and our friend that stayed there before said it is the same as all the other rooms.... what was even worse was that we requested two rooms with two beds and only one room with king bed. We ended up getting two king bed rooms and only one double bed room... So two guy friends had to share a bed because they got tired of everything and didn't want to wait in line again to fix it.The customer service here varies drastically. I found that my credit card had two pending charges of $244.80 each because of a typo for the resort fee. I went to the front desk to ask someone to help me... and it took 20 minutes before I got to talk to someone. Then the person that was talking to me came up with a bunch of excuses and did not apologize even once. I got sick of him and went upstairs and called the front desk with my phone, hoping to talk to someone else. I finally got a manager... but even the manager did not apologize about the typo that created an extra $400 pending charges.I was also disappointed because my friends and I wanted to watch the Sirens of TI and it was our last night, and we only had time for the last show.... we went half an hour early to stand in the front... only to be told 5 minutes before the show was about to start that it has been cancelled due to technical difficulties.I honestly have to say that this was one of the most disappointing hotel I ever stayed at.
3	My stay at this hotel came with mixed feelings. Overall it's not a bad hotel but it did come with a few hang ups.When we arrived, we noticed at least 3 lights would not come on in the room, one of them not even having a light in it. Are people THAT ghetto staying here?In addition we found a few small stains on the bed sheets. Do we dare ask on that one...Do be aware they charge a $22 per night "resort fee" (thought this was a hotel?) and $100 per night room charge for insurance against you going "Rock Star" on the room (reversed after stay).The overall stay was decent but could have been better, especially for what they charge to stay there.
3	Cons:The pool is totally boring.  They blast music at you which makes it hard to stay in the pool without risking hearing loss.  The DJ is annoying to anyone past the age of 22.  Beyond that the pool just kind of lies there...no waterfalls or anything.  The pool at the cheapo Excalibur at least has water falls and seemed to be a lot bigger. Buffet stinks.  Poor service.  Poor food.  But it's two for one with a coupon!Resort fee.  Everybody does it but nobody should.  Just charge what you're going to charge for the room and leave the resort fees out of it.  You really don't get much for your resort fees that you'll end up using other than things you'd get for free from hotels in any other big city.Pros:Reasonably sized rooms.  Good hospitality.  Shampoo and soap stocked daily.  (One day we didn't get wash cloths but I won't quibble).  Tram to Mirage.Elevator is lightening fast.Bridge to Fashion Mall.  Centrally located on strip.
3	I got upgraded to a suite!!Too bad, the suite was not modern enough.The suite room is old.Interesting enough, the suite has two bath rooms, one with the shower, the other with the big bath tub!!
4	Stayed here for 1 night.Goods: Nice, clean, affordable rooms. Elevators are a bit hard to find in the beginning, but at least they're not far from the entrance. Bad: Pool is just average
4	I was looking for a cheap but decent hotel and got TI after checking out www.hoteldealsrevealed.com and using Priceline.  $60 for mid-week rate and $85 for weekend is not bad.The location of this hotel is great - very much in the heart of the Strip and also across from the mall (which my wife liked).We ended up getting an upgrade to a suite with a view and the view was amazing.  We were looking south down the Strip and had hourly views of the volcano show at the Mirage from our hotel room.The rooms are nice, having been refurbished recently.I really enjoyed the pool area quite a bit, but the crowd was a little too young for me and by the end of the day, it was just gross.  People drinking in the pool all day -- spilt drinks and who knows what else is in the water.This hotel does have a fairly expensive resort fee :-(  I am definitely a fan!
4	Ya know what? I always thought i wouldnt stay here because it was one of the older hotels.  Call me a snob, right?  But I stayed here and absolutely loved it.  The rooms were clean and the beds were amazing.The staff was always friendly and willing to help with anything you needed.  The only thing I wasnt a fan of was that besides Mystere there wasnt much to do in TI.  No clubs, the restaurants were ok, and the bars were eh. My stars are based on the hotel itself and the room.  I would definitely stay here again.  Affordable too!!
3	Average Vegas strip hotel as far as price and quality. Our room had nice linens and a flat screen TV however our first room had cockroaches on the wall. We had to ask to be moved and our second room had a broken bathroom door and dead batteries in the TV remote. Good enough for a group of people having a fun weekend in Vegas but don't expect too much.  The hotel is however in an ideal location, close to most other popular hotels on the strip.  A good middle of the line compromise hotel.
4	TI was optimal for our trip, it has a prime location on the strip that enables us to walk to some of our destinations and fetching a cab isn't all that bad since it really is around everything. It's nice to have a Walgreens across the way to load up on some spirits and chasers for our stay.Resort fee sucks, especially if you aren't taking advantage of most of their amenities.Dealers for the most part here seem miserable. I wish they were a bit more livelier and exciting. If you are going to take my money, at least be pleasant about it.Decent eateries within the hotel, but definitely not the best around. Comfy beds, fridge in the closet, spacious (but don't try to play hide and go seek in the room, it won't work).We also had a great laugh as the Sirens show scared the crap out of us while we were in the room drinking.I wouldn't mind staying at TI again.
4	This was our first trip to Vegas and we really enjoyed our stay at Treasure island.  I was expecting the check in line to be super long from reading all the reviews. It was long but it moved pretty fast so we were in line for about 20 minutes which didn't seem long since we were kinda tipsy from the champagne from the limo ride!  We checked in on a Thursday and we saw the line for check-in on Friday and it was 3x longer than ours was.We had a deluxe room but asked if a strip view room was available and he put us in one with no extra charge! Our room was clean and the view was great from the 10th floor.  Yes they charge the $22/day resort fee but we knew this way ahead of time and planned for it.  The only time we had to complain is because on the website it said 2 for 1 lunch and dinner buffet.  So when we decided to use it on our last night we noticed it said breakfast or lunch only so we called them and told them what it says on there website and they checked it out and gave us the coupon that says 2 for 1 lunch or dinner.They also give you 2 for 1 cocktails that you can use and Kahunnaville passes out tons of 2 for 1 cocktail coupons.The buffet was fine we went for breakfast and dinner both once.  We signed up for the players club card and got $10 in free play and an extra $5 in free play. We liked the location because its next to the mall and across from wynn, encore, palazzo and Venetian and close walking distance to the more middle strip hotels.  The pirate show was corny... "Who you calling ahoy!"   Lmao!  That's what the ladies in the show said!  But watching the ship sink was cool.Overall we enjoyed our stay and are planning on staying again when we come back next year.
3	Oh Treasure Island, and your old-school pirate show, where have you gone?  Welcome to TI, and the scantily clad pirate show...my have times have changed.  Across the street from the Venetian/Palazzo sits TI.  Definitely has seen better days, and by that I mean pretty much everything.  Rooms, casino, food.  If you want to save a few bucks and stay down at this end of the Strip, this is your place.  Just be prepared to hear the pirate show every night!
1	Non optional resort fee.   Wow.   For an independent Resort you think they would find a way to attract customers.    This place is a piece of you know what and that is being kind.Do not go...stay off strip and be treated like you should be.   Rent a car.   To hell with all these strip properties.
2	Have been waiting in the check-in line for 20 plus minutes. Line is getting longer & service getting slower. Not the best way to welcome people to Vegas.
3	Treasure Island was sort of a disappointment during my last visit.  Granted, it was Labor Day weekend, so super busy, but.....1.  Requested a non-smoking room, and was given a room that smelt like an ashtray.  Minus a point.  Went back to the front desk and they gave us another room that smelled fine.  Plus a point.  Was only given a 5th floor room though with a view of nothing.  Minus a point.  2.  The bedsheets had margarita salt on it.  Did they even clean the beds?  Minus a point. 3.  Sink and bathtub drains were clogged with something that looked like a wad of hair and toilet paper.  *GAG*  Minus a point.  3.  Always super long lines to check-in and check out.  Minus a point.  Luckily my friend is a TI Players Club member so we could bypass all of that.  Plus a point.  Also because my friend is a Players Club member, we also were able to check in early.  Plus a point.  4.  The pho at this place SUCKS!  Minus a point.  But the pizza here is yummy when you're starving.  Plus a point.  5.  The pool at this place is drabby compared to other hotels.  Minus a point.6.  I like the location of TI on the strip though so plus a point.  Overall, a 3 star experience for what I think is a 3 star hotel.
3	I was at this casino briefly with a group of friends. We were enjoying some beers on the strip and ducked in here to get some waters. We came in using the side entrance and there wasn't much of a crowd. Not too surprising for a week night. Got our drinks, the bar staff was nice enough considering we just ordered waters. While waiting for one of our party to come out of the restroom we were leaning on a banister and noticed that we had several ants crawling on our arms. Not cool, but it's not like they were cockroaches or anything. Ants I can handle.We left through the front and managed to smack right into the beginning of the pirate show. Packed. No wonder the inside wasn't crowded. The show was alright considering it was free. There is pretty good eye candy for both sexes and some silly song that I couldn't manage to get out of my head. Not a bad pit stop minus the bugs.
4	Last time I went to Vegas with friends I was in charge of finding a room that was at once relatively inexpensive but also on The Strip so as to alleviate the need for driving anywhere since we had only planned to stick to that area during our stay.  Enter TI, which for a four star hotel promised comfort and the added features that come with a higher end hotel for a reasonable price.  Well I have to say that it delivered big time...decently sized room and comfortable to boot, not that much time was spent in the room.  Check in line was not at all long and it didn't take long for us to be guided to our room, perfect since we had been on the road for nearly five hours and been stuck in Vegas rush hour traffic.  Restaurant and bar wise, I can't comment their since we didn't try anything offered in the hotel, instead opting to go elsewhere.  I will say that the pool area was also a bit of a afterthought considering many other hotel pool areas have some sort of theme going for them, but this one was just a basic pool and hot tub,  Again, not that we used it at all...we went to the MGM Grand instead :p
4	I had a convention in Palazzo, so I stayed in TI.  It was very convenient and the much cheaper option. Hotel room was nice. Bed was comfy; tv set new.The only thing I didn't enjoy was using their towels.  I couldn't figure out what kind of smell it was, something like burnt caramel or slightly overcooked toffee... but whatever it was, I didn't like having the smell covering/drying me off after a nice shower. Oh, so EVERYONE should keep in mind, TI has a $20/day resort fee so that you get internet/gym access and of that sort.  So when you check in, I recommend getting that waived if you don't need either.  Or if you wanted internet for only two hrs or less, in the hotel room, it gives you instructions on purchasing internet access for only two hrs, which was $7-8.
1	thanks to TI we get to start our vegas trip on a bad note... show up at TI around 2:30pm to check in... we had 5 rooms and ask to be all on the same floor... we are told this would not be a problem but only 1 room is ready now and the other rooms would not be ready until later... not a problem... we ask what time to come back and the employee does some checking with others employees and we are told to come back in an hour for the other rooms... okay here we go... we come back in 4 hours and are told 2 of the rooms are NOT ready yet... yes... 4 hours later and the rooms are not ready...  now the story changes to we don't have ANY control what housekeeping does... (is she trying to be me housekeeping is a bunch of freelancing renegades that runs wild at TI?) no one has control of housekeeping... what a great way to run a business... this employee gives out serious attitude and does NOT need to be employed at a customer service job... okay now its time to call for a manager... still giving out "tude" she calls for the manager... manager shows up and actually seems to care and try to handle the situation... we start telling him our problem and "miss tude" butts in so we ask her to back away so we can talk with this manager... she continues and her manager asks her to go to the back room which she does NOT and starts giving us glares... after a couple back and forth with this employee the manager asks her for the second time to go to the back room and she does... manager now seems to miraculously find 2 clean rooms on the same floor as the 3 other rooms...(it amazes me "miss tude" couldn't find those same rooms)...   well... thanks to "miss tude"...What happens in Vegas... doesn't stay in Vegas...
4	I've been to a decent number of hotels on the Strip of varying reputation, and I must admit, my stay at TI was lot better than i expected.Granted, I didn't spend a lot of time in TI itself, but here are the positives that stood out to me:1) The self-parking garage is close to the guest elevators. This to me is a big plus. I hate having to lug all my stuff through the casino. This becomes even more important when we have hella drinks and partying ish to carry as well.2) Its proximity to some of the bigger clubs. Last time we stayed at Harrah's, our buzz wore off by the time we walked to XS. Here at TI, you're across the street from Wynn/Encore/Venetian. You're literally one walkway away from XS and Tao, which is a huge plus.3) Cheappp. It's obviously no Venetian but it's seriously fine for me since the only times I'm in the room is when I'm pre-gaming or when I'm sleeping  (and how your Vegas experience should be like too).Basically, if you are going in a big group, are planning to pack everyone into a suite to save money, and are going to spend more time outside the room anyways, then TI isn't a bad option. It's on the Strip, walking distance to XS and Tao, and it's a good money-saver.
3	This place was great back in the day. Now this place is pretty average. compared to all the other hotels in the area. This place is one of those.. you get what you pay for kinda deals. the casino floor is decent, respectable dealers, waitress. The hotel itself in my opinion should be improved. The economy rooms are decent, spring top bed, window can't open, central a/c. tiny tv, bathroom is meh decent. and a small safe in the closet. For the budget people, its great, don't expect this to be like Aria or Signature because these Hotels are a few years outdated. Otherwise great for the price.
4	Not one of the newest, hippest casinos on the strip, but it's on the strip!  It's fairly priced, all the casino gambling you need, but most of all it's one of the most comfortable beds in Vegas.  The pillows are nice and soft and the mattress is welcoming.The parking structure is fairly simple and can usually get a spot near an elevator.  The variety of quick food stops here is pretty good such as ice cream, pho, a buffet with a short line, and just a regular sit down restaurant.This is a very good deal when you find rooms on sale.  The check-in time took a while but what hotel doesn't?
2	This hotel was built by Steve Wynn after The Mirage -- and it's still trying to copy the luxury and beauty of that hotel but to no avail.  It's a pretty pedestrian resort with a great location.  It took us forever to check in because there were only two clerks -- and one went on a break!  When we left, there were about 50 people in line for that one clerk.  Our room also overlooked the Sirens pool and the strip.  It's a good thing we aren't early sleepers because when the last show concluded about 11:45, it ends with cannons and loud light and sound effects.  The windows rattled!  This was our first and probably last trip here -- there are so many choices at great prices in Vegas, and this one just doesn't stack up.
2	This was a very oridnary hotel, nothing especial. It did not match our expectation of a four star hotel in Vegas. We stayed there for one night, then for the same price we got another hotel that was much better.
4	Nice rooms, small tvs
4	TI is definitely a great place to stay. It's inexpensive compared to the other hotels on the strip, and the rooms are clean and actually really nice. The location is convenient, and parking is free. The beds are comfortable and there's even a really nice pool with cabanas. The last time I stayed here was with my girls, and we had the perfect view of the strip. I'd consider staying at TI again.
4	I stayed here for about 3 nights and was definitely happy when I left! The prices are one of the most affordable for being right on the strip, and the service at the hotel was pretty good too.  A few of the workers in the casino are not the nicest people, but oh well, we just went to another casino. We weren't able to check out the pool since it was raining at the exact moment we decided to go out there :\ Other than that, the room was nice and comfy... I would most likely consider going back there!
4	Treasure Island Hotel and Casino is in the best location.  Its right in the middle of everything if you wanted to venture out to check out the strip.  You're within walking distance of most of the other big names casinos.  But TI has everything you need all in one place so if you didn't want to you don't need to leave the hotel.  There's multiple restaurants to choose from whether you're interested in pizza, steak, Vietnamese pho, Mexican, Hawaiian American or buffet style.  There were 9 restaurants in total and a Starbucks and Ben & Jerry's.  The pool is new and really well done.  We also had no trouble getting lounge chairs for the whole day.  Like I said if you didn't want to leave this place you wouldn't have to because it has everything - multiple bars, restaurants, a pool, casino, sports book, shows, spa...  Not to mention there is  a Walgreen's right across the street for all your purchasing needs.  If you're looking to stay at a place that's not expensive, the rooms are nice with very comfortable beds, tons of amenities, then this is your place!
5	The only reason why i give this place a 5 star rating is cause they hooked my ass up! Went on expedia.com to pay for a cheap ass room for sunday night, checked in and what do you know..i majestically get an upgrade to palozzoo suite (master suite)...all for under $80 without that vegas $20 trick bs.I knew something was terribly fishy as i walk to my room door and realize that it was a double door as oppose to a single door. Talk about BALLIN!!!! anyways this hotel isn't bad. it's really not an upscale type like cosmo, encore, bellagio, etc..but for a room upgraded to a suite, you can't beat that!!!
2	Overall, I think TI was a good value for the money.  The room was comfortable and updated, the spa service was excellent, I received a 2-for-1 buffet coupon on check-in and the location is incredibly convenient.However, the customer service left a lot to be desired, especially compared to similar hotels in Vegas.  For example:-The check-in process was ridiculously slow.  There were two desk clerks serving a line of about 13 couples on a Sunday night.- On check-in, I was told that the hotel was sold out and I could not be given the king, non-smoking room I'd asked for. I was given a double-queen room with a horrible view, on a low floor.  When I got into the room, it was still dirty - there were stains on both duvet covers, a couple of index cards with pictures of strippers on them, and ripped sheets on one bed.  I called the front desk and was promptly moved to a king, nonsmoking room on a high floor with a strip view.  Where was this room when I checked in?- When I called to ask for a shaving kit, I was told that "TI does not offer this service."  Huh?? Holiday Inn offers that service!  As a result, I had to trudge down to the lobby to purchase a 30-cent BIC razor and a teaspoon of shaving cream for $5.95.  After paying a nightly resort fee that exceeds that of all the five-star hotels in Vegas, I was pretty annoyed to be nickle-and-dimed over toiletries.- The night before my departure, I called for late checkout, and was told that I had to call in the morning for late checkout.  I was checking out on a Wednesday.  I could have told the desk clerk that the hotel would not have been fully booked on a Wednesday.  - I had to wait 15 minutes for a casino host to even show up to sort out comps... and then the comps I was given were well below what competitors would have given.TI was certainly a great deal, but I do not recommend it for those seeking a high-end, luxurious Vegas experience.
4	I'll give Treasure Island a glowing review for a few reasons:1) It's literally across the street from the Fashion Show Mall, if you're a girl (although this may apply to some guys), you'll appreciate not having to trek down the hot ass strip to buy some extra accessories, last-minute shoes, or a new outfit altogether before going out that night. Total score! And also, if you don't want to spend hoards of money on food, you can enjoy the mall's Food Court and all it has to offer.2) It's adjacent to many of the hottest nightclubs: XS, Tryst, Surrender, TAO, LAVO, JET, Pure etc. Yes, you have to take a cab to Marquee, but that's only one club compared to the handful that are within walking distance from the TI.3) The rooms are comfortable and housekeeping was friendly [unlike some housekeepers that give extreme attitude]. 4) There's a Walgreens across the street. I can't even begin to tell you how many times we walked over there for crap that we forgot to pack. Total score #2!Why the TI is 1 star short from the full 5:1) Our room was right above the stunt show that they perform 100x a day between the hours of 10AM-12AM (I'm making those times up), but that doesn't matter, what matters is how NOISY and obnoxious it was to be awoken by gunfire, bellowing, and splashes everyday! UGH. If we had a different room location, TI would for sure have 5 stars from me.
4	This was my first trip to Vegas so I definitely wanted to stay on The Strip for my birthday trip. After tons of research I decided on Treasure Island - the cost, it's location on The Strip, the amenities offered, and food & entertainment options were perfect for our group so I felt that I had made the right choice!LOCATION - Treasure Island is on the Northern part of The Strip, right in the middle. It's directly across from The Venetian, The Palazzo, next to The Mirage and a little walk to the Wynn and Encore. There is also a Walgreen's across the street and a Starbucks next to the hotel. Fashion Show Mall is also across the street.ROOMS - The boy and I stayed in a Deluxe Room. Upon checking-in, we were upgraded to a Strip View room and had an amazing view of not only The Strip but also the pool! The room was clean and spacious, as was the bathroom, however I wish the toilet was separate from the shower for obvious reasons ;P Beds are beyond comfortable - so hard to wake up in the mornings and from naps! iHomes, flat screen tv's, blow dryers and refrigerators in the room. POOL - It's FREE! Just gotta show your room card. The pool is pretty small but did the job, especially if you don't want to pay for pool parties. There is a bar outside and also a DJ playing music till close. There's tons of chairs but if you don't get down to the pool in time, you are stuck with the ones in the shade. Cabana's are also nice, but obviously cost money.DINING/ENTERTAINMENT - Many different options inside the hotel/casino ranging from moderately priced to expensive. I recommend Kahunaville, ISLA's, Phil's Italian Steak House, and The Coffee Shop. Skip the buffet unless you have the voucher, which is only good Monday-Friday. As far as entertainment, they have the original Cirque du Soleil show, Mystere, but unfortunately I didn't get to check it out. They also have the Sirens of TI show outside, but it seemed pretty cheesy.CASINO - I'm not big on gambling, but I did spend some time in the casino since my boyfriend likes to. The ventilation wasn't too bad in there but could be better. It was a little hard to navigate around there, but after awhile it was easy to get around. Tons of blackjack tables, slots, and virtual games. SERVICE - Check-in was fast! I was so scared we'd be waiting in a Disneyland-esque line, but we were checked in under 10 minutes. The staff was really helpful and nice. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and overall had no issues!We really enjoyed our stay at Treasure Island and will definitely keep them in mind for my next Vegas trip!
1	We didn't stay at Treasure Island, but we did eat dinner there at the buffet.I was stocked at the price, but decided to eat there anyway. The number one reason is that we've eaten there before, about 5 years ago, and remember it was good. Not anymore!I well never eat there again! High price and rotten food. There was nothing I wanted to go back and get seconds of.
1	My friends and I used to love TI when it was owned and managed by the MGM group.  They had really comfortable firm beds, clean quiet rooms, and the best rates during any season.  They were pretty much the best bang for the buck on the strip.Since the change of hands, TI has really transformed into something else. =( My man and I decided on a last minute (booked the hotel on Monday and arrived that very Friday) trip out to Vegas before both our schedules got too hectic. As a result, we had to book a hotel with rates that weren't completely ridiculous at that point.Upon our arrival, there were some complications with the room we had booked (king bed, non-smoking) -- they didn't have one for us! =(  So they decided to give us an "upgrade" for a room with two queen beds (even though we only needed one bed) with a view of the strip.  However, the lady at the front desk did tell us that if we were not fully happy with our room that night, we could switch to a king bed/non-smoking (what we had originally booked) the next day. The reason for this was that they were overbooked so a king bed/non-smoking would only be made available during check-in time the following day.We were hoping to be satisfied with the room they gave us so that we wouldn't have to go through the trouble of switching rooms the next day. Unfortunately, the room we got for the first night was a disappointment:1) It was a handicapped smoking room, so even though it was slightly more spacious in some areas, such as bathroom square footage, there was a lot of compromise as well.  There was only one sink and the vanity space was only about a foot on each side of the sink as compared to the typical vanity that would span from wall to wall.2) They only provided 3-4 towels TOTAL in the bathroom.3) There was no tub, nor was there a stall for the shower.  Since the room was designed for the handicapped, the floor was continuous into the shower so it was easy for water to get all over the place. 4) The TV in the room had issues -- we were not able to change the channels/volume or turn it off, so we ended up having to call maintenance to turn it off for us because it was already on when we got to the room.5) The clock wasn't working at all, and we ended up using our cell phones to set our alarms.*************and last but definitely NOT least...************************I discovered that I had bed bug bites the next day!  AHH!! I only had a couple bites show up the next day so I didn't really think much of it.  But then both of us developed more the following day and they lasted about a week.  (We both have experienced bed bug bites from a previous trip to Jamaica so we are familiar with identifying them).We ended up switching rooms the next day, but since I already got the bites by then, we were sure that there were bed bugs in the handicapped room. Our new room was slightly better in terms of amenities, but the bed had two sunken areas on each side (even obvious with the comforter on it!) -- the sign of a very old mattress. And because more bed bug bites appeared later (I believe I counted 14 bites), we are not certain whether they were a delayed response from the handicapped room or if the new room was infested by bed bugs as well.With all these issues with our stay -- ESPECIALLY THE BED BUGS -- we don't plan on staying at TI again in the future.  We've been loyal to TI for a long time from our great past experiences, but that has come to an end. I have never had bed bug problems at any other Vegas hotel before this trip and have been thoroughly dissatisfied with this stay. So sad. We wish we could still love you TI. =(
1	We arrived at the hotel around 11ish only to have to wait to get adjoining rooms with our friends. We were told to check back in a couple of hours which we did, but the rooms were still not ready. This time we were told to come back after 3. We came back after 3 only to find out our rooms were still not ready but they found another set of rooms to give us. After waiting around for so long I wanted to take a shower. So I started unpacking my things and unfolding the bath mat only to find a bug. Wasn't sure at that point as to what it was, so I asked my friend to get rid of it. This is when she confirmed that it was a bed bug! She called the front desk only to have them put us in a "VIP" room which was the same size room only with a view of the strip and a fridge. We didn't get any compensation for our troubles. Really disappointed in their management in handling the situation. Had to call house keeping for some hangers, luggage rack, and pillows twice for the first room and again for the second room after we changed rooms. The person who answered the phone both times was not the friendly staff one would expect especially after finding a bed bug. Buffet here had some great reviews from friends back home. It had a good selection of foods and desserts here. I stayed with the turkey and stuffing. Overall it was okay. Location of the hotel was a plus, being somewhat in the middle of the strip and near the Fashion show Mall. Valet service was great. Thanks to the guy who helped us packed up our Jeep Compass with 13 pieces of luggages and carry ons and 4 people! It took some muscle and organization to make it work and he made it work!! If it weren't for the bed bug and how it was handled, I would have given this hotel a higher rating. Handling of the situation was a disappointment.
3	I enjoy T.I. It's not the BEST hotel on the Strip, but it's perfect for a mid to upper scale hotel.The rooms are clean - crisp linen's, modern touches, spacious. The bed is pretty comfortable. The bathtub is huge and there's a lot of counter space in there. Good for us ladies!Service wise, they're pretty on top of it. When you ask for something, it's there within minutes. For what you pay in the resort fee, you get wireless for "free" - at least they don't charge you for it on top of the resort fee. Right before we checked in, the rates dropped. The front desk was great and honored the new rate. Sweet.The bars and "clubs" here aren't what they used to be. I'm so sad Tangerine is gone. It had one of the best views on the Strip.I'd stay here again if the rates were right.
4	This place is awesome for Adults who still like kid's things lol..They have the penny souvenir machines here quiet a few which I had to get. Just thought I'd add that in there cause I loved being able to get a 51cent souvenir. They have this place called Kahunaville which is an awesome place where I had the best strawberry margarita which they serve with a candy gummy worm inside with a tube of an extra shot of tequila ;)Also they have these oxygen bar's here and there which I didn't really get to glance fully at. They have lot's to sight see here the casino is like the rest pretty much but, this place is pretty awesome In my opinion. They have a good variety of eateries such as rocket burger and a few others
4	I really enjoyed my stay at Treasure Island. Although, yes there is a resort fee per night. But I read other reviews so no shock, sucks though since we didn't even use any of those amenities minus the internet. So anyways the hotel room itself was great, the beds were so comfy (which is great if you were walking around all day and just wanted to crash right after!)It fit everyone nicely, our room was very clean when we got on. Check in and check out want that.bad like most have said and I was here for the weekend too. Great place to stay if you don't want to shell out hundreds and hundreds of bucks for a room, and its pretty close to the lively middle part of the strip. Good stay :)
5	The Show has changed with the boats. Not really family oriented but Hey its Vegas get used to it. The Hotel rooms are nice and spacious. The Alarm clocks have Ipod docks. Flat screen tv nice furniture and desks. Even includes a wall safe. As for the Slot Machines i always stick to the penny slots with the bonus of Mr Penny or whatever its called. Cant go wrong with that. Very Helpful staff with checking your bags once you checked out. And great shuttle service to the Las Vegas Motorspeedway.
1	So i was taking my mother , who was visiting me from a different country, on a trip to vegas. I chose TI because i liked it before, but this was my first day there. All in all it was a quite unpleasant stay.1.When i arrived i checked in and got room keys . When i went to the room, the key did not work. Tired after a long drive as I was, I go back down and this time get a different agent. The second agent asks for my ID and then is very rude as she asks why am I trying to enter a room registered under someone Else's name!!!! I said i just checked in 5 mins ago, i don't know. The first agent who helped me is called over and in their conversation i realize that the first agent messed up and assigned me to a room already belonging to someone else!!! And no apologies either. They prolly thought i was dumb and could not listen or make out what going out behind the counter, a foot from me and lied to my face " Since this key is not working we are going to reassigned another room" Cmon people, don't lie toa  tired guest. Just be honest and say sorry and that's it. anyways, first strike, i didn't say a thing.2. I didn't know but I was charged a 22 $ resort fee EVERYDAY . EVERYDAY!!! For access to the gym used in once) , wifi (free in holiday inn,and even mcdonalds, so wats so special about TI wifi) and printing out boarding passes(can do in the airport). The gym is poorly lit and ventilated, and about average. You have to enter by showing a access card, your room key AND an ID and if u lose the pass, too bad!  Strike number 2.3. The room and the bathroom has some kind of bugs. So as I write this review I have bug bites on my shoulder, my neck and my FACE!!!! And i was actually bitten on my neck by a mosquito like thing while I was in the loo. I heard it and saw it. While checking out, after they have collec ted the dues from me, I told the front desk person about it and showed the bug bites. I mean its on my face, how can u not see it. her response a) Agent: did u see the bug     me :yes and i swatted at it and saw it    Agent: did u kill it ?    me i dont know, probably   (goes away to a far corner to talk to manager lady)   (comes back) agent : so did you pick up the bug after you killed it. me: no absolutely not (goes away again, returns after 5 mins)agent: you will have to wait here. The security will be here to escort you to the bathroom where they will look for the bug.me: wait a minute, did i ask for money back? did I ask for a refund" Nothing ! I just wanted to report that there is a bug of some kind. Agent: you are free to leave any time madam (STRIKE 3 )Me: you know what you gotta be kidding me!!!! Your attitude is really bad. Are you insinuating to my face that i am lying. I mean why should i, what can i get from it. I got bitten and you are asking me if i saw it killed it picked it up. Really!!!(i walk off) never before have I faced this situation and it was such a dampener and made me so upset!! I kept thinking was it racism(I am non Caucasian and non American) or what was it that someone had to nerve to be so rude. Anyways, if I could suggest one thing to TI, fire the agent and the manager who put her in a front desk position. She is not people friendly. Again, all it takes is a friendly  kind word .Later as i read other reviewas, i realised TEHRE ARE beg bugs and still tehy treated me like crap. tehy knew about it and still put me there to be bitten while taking so much money.Additionally :around midday the bathroom (which has inadequate ventilation) starts stinking.in short, never going back. Specially pay "RESORT FEES" and then get bug bites all over and be called a liar, no thank you.
4	Definitely a solid hotel to be at. Pretty much in the center of a lot of hustle and bustle of Vegas right next to Fashion Valley Mall and across from Palazzo/Venetian. Rooms are comfy and decently sized for the price. Bonus, there's an empty fridge to store your liquor and drinks!! AWESOME!Pool is nice and DJ on the weekends for their pool parties. Staff is friendly. Service up to your rooms can take anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes though.
4	so we didn't stay here but actually watched the free show (my first) outside TI. my wife said the show was very different from when she first watched it and that it was not as good this time. i had nothing to compare it to, but the men and women singers/dancers were damn good looking. the casino is like any other, but we came mostly to watch the Mystere show (which was great by the way). we also had drinks earlier in the week at Kahunaville, so nothing bad to say. it feels like a cool place.
2	Summary: Lots of small hiccups leading to overall poor form by TI.  I would check elsewhere first if you can, before committing to this hotel.---This was my first time at Treasure Island, and was due to a great Groupon deal we received for it, something like $270 for two nights there, a $50 dining credit, and a $50 salon credit.  We got in at 11pm on a Friday, and stayed until Sunday.  When we were chatting with the woman working at the front desk, we told her about it being our first time at TI, and how excited we were to check it out.  She gave us two complementary buffet coupons, and charged me for the taxes for the weekend (which weren't included in the groupon) and we were on our way.The room was pretty standard, and had the usual amenities.  However, we went to put some of our stuff in the mini-fridge, and inside, there were leftovers still sitting there, presumably from the previous room occupants.  Not the best start.The next day, we tried to make our way down to the lobby for lunch, and were stuck because the elevators weren't working.  Whenever we pressed the down button, it would light up for a moment, and then turn off.  After wandering around for a few minutes looking for stairs, we came back to try the elevators again (we were on the 21 floor, and the thought of stairs while hungover was not welcoming), and they finally stopped at the floor.  However, they were on some sort of reset, so we ended up having to go up one floor at a time, to 24, and then one floor at a time back down until we reached the lobby on floor one.We then go to find out from the cashier at the Buffet, that the complimentary buffet coupons the front desk lady had given us were only valid from Monday - Friday.  So yeah, without giving us the heads up, she gave us vouchers that were useless, KNOWING that we checked in at 11pm on a Friday.  We finally complained to the manager who was nice enough to sign off on the vouchers, as well as give us a third one because there were three people in our party.At dinner at the Pho Vietnamese place at TI, we had to stress that one of our party members can't have MSG, and got conflicting reports from the hostess and the server about whether the food contained MSG or not.  Thankfully, the server went back to check to see which items on the menu were MSG-free.At checkout, they of course had forgotten my dining credit, which had to be reapplied, and informed me that they had charged the wrong amount for the room tax when I checked in.  It wasn't much of a price difference, an extra few bucks, but just sort of added to the poor form of the Vegas experience.  The casino was fine, and had the usual assortment of games. They offer the usual $10 free slot play for signing up for the TI players card, and have a small assortment of shops, etc.  Most of the staff was very friendly, so they get points back there for sure.  I'm a regular to Vegas, and typically stay at Cosmo, or Aria, and have never had these types of problems there.  The issues by themselves weren't a big deal, but after dealing with one detail after another, you get kind of fed up with it, especially at Vegas where the goal is to take care of people so you throw all your money back gambling in their casinos. I don't plan on staying at TI again unless another amazing Groupon deal shows up.  Just too many inconsistencies that you won't find at other places.  If you can, try and find another place to stay.
4	we missed all the shows outside. Upsetting but we may come back someday then we can watch it then. I understand it rivals the fountains of the Balagio. We went inside was blown away by how well they kept to the whole pirate alcove theme. One of the things I thought was the coolest was an actual mammoth tusk carved in Chinese manner with awesome detail. This place was just a pleasure to walk through.
3	We stayed here and the newly renovated rooms are decent, but on the smaller side.  It's close to everything so it's pretty convenient.  I cant' say that I loved the rooms but I wouldn't mind staying here again if the prices were good.
3	Stayed here for 3 nights, only reason to stay here is the price, (older hotel) comes with a sunk-in bed. I realize its Vegas but the channel selection for TV not so great.  Average buffet, and decent gaming.  If you stay here you probably won't be spending much time at this place, with everything else that better offered on the strip.  Will definitely be staying at a newer hotel for my next stay.
2	I scoured up and down for a good deal for 8 girls to stay on the strip and this is what I came up with.  I was super annoyed that they could not guarantee us 2 queen beds in the room.  We ended up opting for 2 petite suites so at least we were guaranteed 2 beds and also 2 bathrooms. (best idea ever!)  The room and the non-fold out bed were nice.... but when we were packing up at the end of our trip I moved the couch to get something that fell and found someone else's USED ASTROGLIDE... GROSSSSSSS!!! (so housekeeping might not be the best)Would I stay here again? If I found a good deal, perhaps.  The Breeze Bar is a mighty fine place to have one.last.drink before you pack it in for the night.
3	The rooms at Treasure Island are decent, but if you are so unlucky to get one of the older rooms, they can be pretty gnarly. I've stayed in both and lets just say...hope you get an updated room. If you're on a budget this is a great hotel for those who want the North Strip location at a more affordable price. They run really great promotions and you can sometimes get a room for like 50$ (weeknights, of course). That being said, it's just a 3 star hotel. Everything is kind of mediocre - but then, you do have other fancier hotels at your disposal if you're looking for the swank clubs and other things to do. So really, at a great price point, don't complain about the amenities. I would definitely stay here if I could catch one of their deals. One thing I hate about Treasure Island though, is their crappy "Sirens of TI" show and the fact that all their public spaces smell like SMOKE. The gambling is not particularly exciting either and I really hate their layout for the casino. Otherwise, budget hotel, good location, but amenities are MEH. I'd say, stay at the TI, but play somewhere else.
3	Only reason I'm giving this place a three is because it pales in comparison to some of the other grandeur hotels right across the street.  Our room was obviously updated but kinda smallish compared to what I've seen in other hotels.  I guess its probably a lot cheaper and is located in a ideal spot for easy foot trekking to the Wynn or Venetian.  Luckily we stayed on the top 36th private floor (compted room) which requires card access in the elevator. The majority of the people staying here look like they're from the mid-west or something...  Strangely they also have the "only Vietnamese cuisine on the strip"  with a restaurant named "Pho."  You can get anymore cliche than that, luckily I didn't try it since my friend said it was less than stellar and Vegas priced. They have this pirate show that wakes you up with fireworks and loud voices from the show, so you can get your ass up for the continued late night partying.  Nothing too strange happens here and the gambling here is pretty no frills here, I started playing here shortly after checking in to get warmed up.  I won like $70-80 at the table playing 21 and left.  Not huge on gambling but I'm not one of those people who don't play at all.
2	Only thing this place has going for it is Mystere Cirque.  I stayed here about 10 years ago back when it was Treasure Island and not TI.  This place has not been taken care of in the last decade.  That is for sure.  It was one of the most smokey casinos I was in and there was just a gloomy vibe to this place.  See the Cirque and get out, that is what I would do......
4	Overall a pleasant experience.  I came to town to attend a wedding and was looking for a place that was nice but didn't break my bank account.  I checked all the various travel sites (expedia, travelocity, orbitz, etc) but what I found was that you can go directly to treasureisland.com and book your whole trip right on their website and it was cheaper to boot! The rooms were spacious and the bed comfortable - which is ALWAYS a plus in my book since the main thing you do in a hotel room involves the bed.  The staff was pleasant and professional.  There was an assortment of restaurants on the premise - Gilley's, Kanhunaville, a deli.   They also have a show outside called the "Sirens of TI" for all you folks looking for eye-candy both male and female.
4	We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas for Thanksgiving (yep, I know it's weird).  We were there from Monday-Friday and I am glad we avoided the weekend craziness.  Inside, Treasure Island is much more forgettable than other hotels.  It is definitely not as fun to look at.  Our hotel suite had 2 bathrooms and one of the bathrooms had a huge jet tub.  The room wasn't massive but it was a good size for two people.  On the first night they put us on the 4th floor and when I called to see if we could be switched to a higher floor they were really nice about it and said they could for Tues-Thurs, just not that night.  So on Tuesday night we were switched to the 23rd floor and that had a much better view.  I really liked the gym.  It is inside the spa area and can get crowded but they have tons of machines.  They had the arc trainers that I loved in college and that is what I stuck with for the duration of our trip.  By Friday my quads were definitely hurting!  Grab a piece of fruit that they have out when you first get there or they will all be gone by the time you leave.  This is a great location, especially considering the tram to the Mirage and how easy of a walk it is to the Wynn/Encore.  I want to stay at the Wynn next time, mostly just because of how it is decorated.
5	this place was not bad at all i didn't like the fact that they do not have your room key as security to get into the elevator which means they have an actual person randomly ask if u have your key which is retarded but my uncle won about 20,000 last year so our entire stay was comped including food plus not too far away was cool stuff to do would definitely stay here again
2	Suites not up to Vegas standard I think.You get what you pay for I guess.
4	Good:nice remodelclean roomsdecent pricesfast room servicepho restaurant inside casinoBad:"resort fee"no nightclub insidesuper long check in lines
4	Recently stayed at TI August 2011. Everything about this hotel was a great experience, except the TI Sirens Show which has horrible story line, horrible acting, horrible all together; one this it was, funny and tacky, but I still left. The reason why I knocked it a star. The room was a normal sized room. It was still cleaner than average. Amenities were nice.. flat screen television, and an iPod dock. We had a view of the pool area.. which was nice. Our friends who joined us had a room right across, and got the view of the strip. I was kinda jealous- but we barely stayed in.The pool was great. Fun in the sun with a DJ. I bought out some guacamole,chips and salsa from the Latin restaurant inside.. accompanied with a drink from the adjecent bar. Very relaxing at the same time.I ate at their pizza joint.. but usually when visiting Las Vegas and I am on that end of the strip, I just go to Chinatown to get crab fried rice.. it's no further than 2-3 miles away.I love the pirate vibe, it's different than the swanky upscale hotels that are popping up on the strip. Another reason I loved staying here is that it is close to all the shopping.. like literally walking distance to the mall and the other hotels with shopping venues.One of the other hotels I recommend for a budget. It's not as pricey as the newer hotels.. but not as cheapy and dirty as lets say, Imperial Palace.
2	The Pirate Ship is broken.  Pretty typical actually.  Seems like this time it is going to be broken for a while.  My advice, keep walking, plenty of more fun to be had elsewhere on the strip.
1	Bleh. Has a weird  smell in the casino and definitely looks old. The "plain jane" interior doesn't quite go with the unique exterior theme of pirates and booty. No one was ever in the cafe-restaurant-lounge-bar that they advertised so much (Kahunaville). Location-wise it is okay, but there's no hotel connected to it (like Aria-Cosmo or Bellagio-Caesars)...unless you count the tram to Mirage but meh.The hotel rooms were also pretty meh. We had no inner shower curtain liner thing so our bathroom was very wet. Towels are small and rough. Not enough lighting unless you turned on every lamp and switch in the room, and even then, it was awkward. Mirrors/closet doors were also angled badly and very little outlets for charging phones. I really don't like this place, but maybe the suites will be better.
5	OK, it sure helps when you're winning, but consider this:For some reason, I'm comp'ed here.  I think they have me confused for someone else, but I do play at the $10 tables and run a Martingale - can bet up to $80.  So the room is free and the food/drinks are all inclusive.  Can't beat that.When we checked in at 10:30 PM, my wife asked for a high level.  We got put onto floor 30 with a view of the Strip.  That was excellent and unexpected with such a late check in.There's a Gilley's and a Kahunaville that we went to.  The Gilley's was a lot of fun: the Stephanie Eason band was playing and they were doing a pretty excellent set of Miranda Lambert, so it was easy to get into.Then, at the Craps table, I ran into a unique experience.  I was making regular bets of come and then odds.  Then I am leaving the odds working for the come out roll.  Anyhow, I'm excited (high fives and such) about winning the last point (a 6) and I forgot the odds bet on the 6, much less having it work.  So the come out roll is... a 6.  I should have been a winner if I kept doing what I was doing.  But then, a twilight zone moment occurs and the dealer to my left kind of leans forward, about to pay me off but there's no bet, when he says, "well, he MEANT to bet it.  Hold up!  The player over here has been making the same bet all afternoon and he would have bet the six and had the odds working."  There's a brief discussion, not too long and boom - here comes $34 my way, for THE BET I WOULD HAVE MADE.  I have never been paid for a bet I never made before.  But I tip the dealers in craps which is rare.  (how come nobody does - these guys have special brains being able to keep track of 10 different peoples' bets at once).  Anyhow, I tip even more afterwards, about another $15.  The boxman, who has a sense of humor, says "so you got your little quid-pro-quo going again I see, Charlie" and we keep rolling winners.  Fun group - like rolling with your buddies.Last story, I sent in my sports book tickets in the mail.  A day later, the local post office sends back a shred of the envelope with a message "sorry, your mail was damaged".  Well, I thought the mail was swiped.  I google on line for advice and one person says, "well if you know the hotel exec, you might have a 0.1% chance of getting paid.   In a desperate moment, I call the Treasure Island accounting department anyway and Dena, the best employee of all time, takes the run down from me, puts a stop payment on the mailed in tickets so that no one will cash them and makes the arrangements to meet with her boss to pay off based on an electronic scanned copy of the winning tickets!  Turns out this is not needed; a day later, she calls me back saying the tickets arrived, flopping out of a now open envelope, but intact just the same.  Expect the check in 3-5 days.  I wish I could have tipped her, for the diligence, follow-up.
1	The biggest eyesore that stands out and makes this review a 1 star and not higher is the royal screw-up during check-in.  I distinctly answered "NO" to leaving my card open to having incidentals charged to my card.  Well guess what?  Christian, who checked us in, apparently thought it better and took it upon himself to leave it open.  T.I. put a hold of $500 on my card.  This is similar to a security deposit when you rent a car.  My card had a "reservation" placed on it and because stupid me used my debit instead of credit, my bank red-flagged my account due to suspected fraud and blocked it from further charges.  I found out the hard way with my card being declined the next day.  Thanks a lot, Christian!  Went down the next day to get it straightened out and they apologized and made the correction, but three days later my bank still hasn't released the hold.  I'm not blaming my bank for the hold still pending, but this all would've been adverted if directions would have been folllowed and a simple keystroke would've been correctly punched!Everything else about T.I. was satisfactory and I would probably be rating it 3 stars if it were not for the mishap with check-in.  The deal we got was actually a steal: $45 for Sun night and $40 for Mon night with 2 free buffet coupons each day.  Although the free buffet coupon was only good Mon - Fri.  Buffet, ehhh.  Still, the rates themselves were great.  The Sirens show is temporarily close until after Christmas, but judging from reviews for that, didn't miss out.  Pool was closed, but it's friggin' 50 outside at this time so who'd be swimming?  So, wouldn't you think they'd ease up on the $20 resort fee????Found parking close to the hotel entrance rather easily each time.  The tram between T.I. and the Mirage, though a very short distance, was really convenient.  Rooms are clean and tidy; modernized and doesn't look dated at all.  Nothing gross that can be seen (don't want to break out the black light, though!)  Slept sound and comfortably each night.  Nice view of the strip overlooking the Venetian across the street - ho hum, maybe shoulda stayed across the street...
4	This has been my hotel of choice for the last few Vegas trips. I find it good - rooms are clean, nice (I'd say in the 70th percentile of Vegas strip hotels) and a very reasonable value. It is very manageable, in that it's not super huge so it takes 10 minutes just to get from one end to the other. Location is superb. Easy walking access to Venetian/Palazzo (across the street), Wynn/Encore (opposite corner), and Fashion Show Mall (across the street). If you have a car, it's easy to access via freeway and getting into the parking lot avoids Las Vegas Blvd. so you don't have to deal with that mess.I'm a wannabe foodie, so I guess a minor complaint would be I don't find any of their dining options attractive. Canter's isn't bad for a cheap meal. I know they advertise having the only Pho restaurant on the strip but coming from California, I refuse to pay $12+ for a bowl of Pho so I never bothered trying. In terms of fine dining they definitely are lacking. You can probably find better variants of all their food offerings at competing casinos. But that's okay, I don't mind leaving here to grab food. If you like Asian food - this is a great location as well, since you're right on Spring Valley taking you straight up to Chinatown.Gambling is fairly standard - not a huge casino floor, but has plenty of ways for you to lose your money. One game  I enjoy playing that I haven't seen at TI is BJ Switch though. It seems to be popping up more and more at casinos, so hopefully it will make it's way into TI.As for the people complaining about the resort fees - everyone else is doing it these days (except Harrah's) so while it sucks, sadly its kind of the norm for Vegas.For the value and location, four stars from me. Sure I like Wynn/Venetian/Cosmo/Aria/Bellagio better, but I much rather stay at TI and have more money in my pocket, to lose at the tables!
3	We stayed at TI based on our friends' suggestions. I would say that it's just "meh" of a hotel.The rooms were fairly clean. I scanned our bedding with my black light flashlight and found a strange mystery spot on the comforter and promptly kicked that blanket off the bed for the duration of our stay.The bathroom was a nice size. The fixtures were alittle run down: an outlet's faceplate was cracked, the handle of the sink came off in my hand, and the shower head needed cleaning. Everything else seemed fine.Our room faced the strip and i wasn't too happy about having to hear the Sirens of TI show while i was trying to nap. Too many booms, explosions, and singing. The pizza place inside TI is two star at best. Over priced for what you get and i've had better pizza from a street cart.The tiki bar inside TI is interesting to check out for an hour (not a place to end your night). We stopped by on a friday at 11 when their bartender contest was going on. Our side of the bar won the "who's the loudest" contest and everyone rushed to the bar to have free booze poured into their mouths (NO GERMS FOR ME THANKS).If you're looking for giant, tropical drinks that smoke (dry ice) this is your place to be.I'll stay somewhere a little classier next time.
3	MUCH better the second time here! Granted, we had a large suite with a whirlpool tub and two bathrooms. The weird smell was gone, though the walkway from the parking garage to the hotel was perpetually stuffy. Much less people than other hotels, which was nice. Okay treasure island, you won me over. Still don't have much food places and I need to get out of the hotel for everything, and your upkeep is still only mediocre, but I will come here again for the room rate specials and to escape the crowds everywhere else.
3	It's good, it's good... They did some changes here and there but I still like it. It's for a different crowd. It's on the strip, it's cheaper than the rest, and the rooms are nice.
4	I stayed here on the night of the 30th, right before New Years.  As expected, the place was packed but I really liked that they allowed people to check in early.  Instead of the usual 3PM checkin time, they temporarily adjusted it to 11AM to accommodate the crowd and it was quite a crowd as it took us 40 minutes of waiting in line.  Another item I liked about it was that there were free bottles of Treasure Island brand bottled water so that the people waiting to check in were not dying of thirst.  Little amenities like that make a big difference in terms of comfort.Our room was located on the 25th floor, almost directly across from the elevators.  I had feared that it would be quite noisy at such a widely traveled location but to my surprise, it was pretty quiet, even during the night.Our room was clean and quite modern.  With a LCD TV, sparkling furniture, firm mattresses, and stainless marble bathroom, it felt as if this place was recently renovated.  The only drawbacks to our room were the bedside clock that couldn't tell the time and the lack of power outlets.  Although there were 4 open power outlets in the bathroom, I didn't feel comfortable charging my electronics in there.  Outside of the bathroom, there didn't seem to be any other power outlets besides the single one on the desk.Something else I liked about the room were the spotlights overhead of our beds.  The switches are right next to the bed and the spotlights are bright enough for reading while sitting on the bed.The casino on the ground floor was unexpectedly pleasant.  There wasn't the lingering smell of cigarette smoke like in the other nearby hotels and the machines were not distracting loud.  Although there was a person here selling timeshares, they were not as pushy as another one I encountered on this trip.
3	Standard fantasy-themed casino/hotel. Rooms are ok. Better than a chain motel, less than average for a modern vegas hotel.Easy Valet Access and no security at the elevators means it's a great and inexpensive location for a romantic interlude with a professional. If the decor was a little classier this would be a 4-star for sure!The pirates show is... real real lame. Imagine a story book written by a dumb stripper, without the nudity.
3	#1 good location.  #2 cheap rooms, you can get them like $70 or so during the week or as low as $200 on hotwire on super special occasions, where others on the strip will run $300-500.   #3 the bars inside are kinda lame, but they did have a patron silver special with corona which was a good deal  #4  why don't they have coffee makers in the room?     #5   rooms do have a refrigerator, but common a couple bottles of water would be nice for the thirsty traveler    #6 AC didn't work in the room, hmm    3 stars bc its cheap relative to others on the strip.   The TV was a little outdated, super small and takes 10 seconds to respond to anything.  However who watches TV anyway so whatever.   Location and price do seem to be acceptable, so its A-OK in my book!   The patron shots were also A ok as well ;)
5	We just got inside the hotel and it's already hot. First off they have a Starbucks in da building!! Plus!! The scent isn't like flamingo where the smoke in the air and bummy customers roaming around.I love the nice restaurants inside too. Thee isn't that many gamblers here which is a huge plus. The room is lux. Its way more sophisticated and more gentleman looking. The bathroom looks like a intimate cave lol.The service at the front desk was cool too. This young man gave us the details clearly and gave us 2 free buffet tix. This hotel is located right next to Walgreens which is convenient and across from the mall too!! I'll def stay again!
5	We visited Vegas right after the New Year, for our anniversary, and stayed at Treasure Island.  They treated us VERY well, providing a complimentary bottle of champagne when we mentioned it was our aniversary.  I got a very good rate on a Tower Suite by signing up for discounts on their website (well worth it, WAY cheaper than any other website I could find, including Kayak) and ended up on the 24th floor with a great view of the Strip and the fireworks from the Sirens show.The only problem was the bed, it was actually horrible, so sunk in it was like laying in side-by-side lounge chairs.  So I went down and talked to someone at the front desk and they had the mattress swithced for us.  The "new" one was absolutely adequate and I applaud TI for taking care of this one and only problem we had during our visit.  THANK YOU, we will definitely be returning.
2	This review is for the restaurant inside Ti called Gilley's and not for the hotel as a whole. For starters, Gilley's is a BBQ/cowboy/southern themed restaurant. I like BBQ but it was a group decision on coming here and not my own. The menu here is huge, there were so many options it was difficult to decide on what to get. I think huge menus are generally a bad thing, because it is difficult to be good at "everything". I decided on the veal short rib with mixed vegetables and mac n cheese as my sides. The meal also came with corn bread muffins and possibly some other stuff I don't remember. The meals took a little bit to get out but I can let that go as our party was more than 12 people and they probably felt that we wanted to break bread together. Understandable. The food itself was not that great. I was reminded of sit down family chain joints such as Applebee's, Chili's, etc. My short rib tasted dry and overcooked. Some of the food was lukewarm (probably from us having to break bread together). I can't speak for anyone else, but one of my friends did comment on his meal being the same afterward.  The service on the other hand was awesome. Vegas was dead this time of year, but the staff didn't drop their customer service levels one bit. We were well tended to with drinks, napkins, or whatever kind of bullshit large groups need in restaurants. I didn't think the prices were too bad, especially since Vegas charges extra for everything simply for being in Vegas. I had my entree, several drinks for myself, and several drinks for others and the bill was only $73 (excluding tip). I was expecting for it to be over a $100 for sure. Overall I think if you're in Ti and don't want anything fancy for dinner with your guy/girl, or friends I think you'd be better off getting Canter's or the buffet than Gilly's.
2	Checked in and was happy that I was given 2 free buffets with my stay.  I used the free buffet for my wife and I, but I of course had to pay for my 2 kids.  Good thing my wife and I were free cause the buffet was an epic fail.  I also played a few hands with blackjack, and the dealers have zero personality.  I liked the fact that the room started off at $39 for a special I got early, but to add $20 resort fee to each night sucked.  I could of stayed elsewhere for $59 instead, with no resort fee.  Overall, I would say it is an okay stay, but I think I'll look elsewhere next time around.
3	Not the nicest place but not the worst place! A-OK place to stay. Good location! Can't remember much about the room because I was probably only in it for a few hours, but it wasn't bad! Kind of dark.
3	Not a bad hotel and the room was very nice with a good view.On checking in we did receive some vouchers however our booking stated that we would get $50 of various bits and pieces which we did not receive. However there was not any tea or coffee making facilities within the room and I am a huge tea drinker and my partner a coffee drinker.The air conditioning was not working very well and it was a struggle to get the internet up and running until we called the IT desk.In the mornings despite being higher up the noise levels were high for some reason. The pool was closed for repair and the Cirque du Soleil show based there did not play on a Thurs or Friday so we were a little disappointed.Finally we went to the Starbucks attached to the hotel ( Our fav Coffee Place) and found they were over charging by $1 per a drink and did not complete card refills there.Last year we were in MGM which although much bigger is a better hotel if one has to compare the two and i don't think we would stay there again.
3	We got a great rate at Treasure Island through hotels.com, which also included complimentary buffet and discounted drink tickets.  The hotel is in a good location as it is right next to the Fashion Show Mall and Caeser's Palace Forum Shops and nearby the Palazzo and a Walgreens.  The casino and lobby area are quite spacious, rooms are clean, and the hotel is nicely decorated for the holiday season, however, there was an unpleasant bleach or chemical scent every time I walked through the main entrance.  The service was hit or miss.  Our check-in was relatively quick and the staff person was accommodating for my request to have a nice view in our room.  However, our friends had some issues with being overcharged for printing costs and was redirected to contact another outside company to resolve the case.In terms of food options, the buffet is average.  There was an odd mixture of Asian food and Italian pizza and pasta, but I did appreciate my fresh to order pasta.  Compared to other buffets on the Strip, Treasure Island did not impress in terms of variety or quality.  There are a couple of bars, including a Western style Saloon, in the hotel, but we much preferred to spend our time outside of the hotel.  TI is okay if you're just looking for a place to crash and come and go.  It's definitely not a destination hotel if you're looking for more entertaining options.
4	Ok so yea TI is no Wynn or encore but if your looking for a decent clean room with a excellent location? Then TI is the place for you! Definitely one of the best times I've had in Vegas!
4	We stayed for 3 nights fri-sun I found a GREAT deal on the TI site last minute. We had a petite suite on the 24th floor $277 for 3 nights! plus $22.40/night 'resort fees' The room rate was GREAT, wasn't too thrilled about the resort fees...At first our room was a smoking room on the 10th floor, but it reeked, I called the front desk and I kid you not in minutes we had a bell man helping us move. WOW, I have never experienced service like this. Pros:The room was spacious, and impeccably clean. I'm a stickler for random hairs etc lol. They had these awesome magnification mirrors in bathrooms lolThe jacuzzi was great for two people and our view of the strip and Mirage volcano was top notch. Cons: The ventilation system was meh. There were no fans in the bathroomsThe hotel applied a $300 security deposit to my bank cc. They slipped this by me somehow :/ Apparently it's 'policy'. *eye roll* I was NOT happy to have $300 of MY money tied up while in Vegas. grrrMixed bag on the bed. The sheets were so soft, the pillows were perfect. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I liked it, my husband however did not, he needs a firmer bed.The hotel itself was nice, The deli was delicious!! The buffet was decent, I liked their made to order pasta! The Siren show was alright, a little cheesy, but it's Vegas right?! I would stay again, but only If I could score a deal like I got!
2	[ This is a combination review for both the tables and for hotel rooms. ]What an awesome deal for the new year: 50% off almost all rooms for the weekend of 1/6-1/9 and i cant complain especially for the awesome price for two standard connecting rooms. The rooms are clean and neat. Wish they had a bigger TV tho. Suites aren't that big, but big enough for two roll away beds to fit in there. I enjoyed the two standard connecting rooms though. Housekeeping here are really nice and friendly. Front desk check in took a while due to complications w/ the computers but the lady Connie was real nice, shes AWESOME.Besides that, no windows for fresh air = weak. Shower is weak, i need some stronger water pressure up in there. Their irons suck, leaked water all over my clothes when I try to iron.Lastly, the black jack tables. Whoever the asian male manager is down there, that fool is a trip. The dealer already checked my friends' ID's and my ID too, then this fool comes over and asks if the dealer checked our ID's and she said YES. No shets sherlock. Then this oompa loompa went ahead and asked us if we were even 21. REALLY? we already got carded and you still trippin about it? damn idiot. A few of the girls may look young, but we're all at least 22. With crappy luck at the table, my boy Brian head over to the next table and played one on one with the dealer, and this trip of a manager, started speaking vietnamese (no racial) to the dealer for a good two minutes on and off about something. Obviously I dont understand, but it felt like they were talking smack about something. Then he goes ahead and stood behind the dealer and watched us play as if we were going to pull some illegal crap in vegas...Thanks bro, If I see you again I'm gonna get you fired
4	for the price, you really can't complain. i had the pleasure of staying in a connecting room with fellow yelp elite'r and the review below, Kenny L.two connecting rooms, with everything the normal vegas rooms have. I look for odd qualities in a hotel room so i'll share1. the beds were a little soft, i prefer really firm beds for extreme support on my ailing back after dancing my booty off all night but the comforters were very plush and warmer than inside the devils ass.2. both of the irons in BOTH of our rooms were broken. stttrrriiike uno3. combine that with the tiny flatscreen TVs that look silly compared to all the space next to them? strrrrike deuce equaling -1 star.4. the showers are spacious and yes, like Kenny L. says the water pressure is low. however lets not forget, Las Vegas is the DESERT.. water is scarce so stop crying you sissy. get in, get clean, get out.5. the view was great, though the windows are situated in weird spots, like half of it is cutoff and it ends into the wall? the connecting rooms basically share a long window so its really awkward... put it in the middle to maximize viewing pleasure? (again, like Kenny L. says, no fresh air.. then again NO HOTELS in vegas have windows that open because PEOPLE JUMP) ..sissy x26. theres a ton of different amenities downstairs, restaurants, convenience stores, slots, tables, etc.. but the area i frequent most often is the sports book betting room.. TI's is great, and during other trips where i've stayed at other hotels i've came to TI just to lay down a few stacks on the squad about to ball during the day.7. room service is trippy.. even having a privacy sign hanging on our front door, they called to check on whether or not we wanted our room serviced. take it how you want, a privacy sign means we don't want service, don't bother us? ...but they double checked? ehh, whatever.. not trippen.lastly, some girls we knew had a suite upstairs and it was very spacious. a double bathroom, sofas, and they rolled in two pull out beds. they fit a ton of females in there and if they kept it cleaner it would have been SOLID.if they keep sending us deals, i'll consider it. if not, theres plenty of other hotels on the strip with similar prices that are a lot nicer.REMAIN COMPETITIVE TI!
2	This is where the Beverly Hillbillies stay if they were staying on the strip in Vegas.  We came for NYE and they were completely understaffed and were not accommodating to their customers at all!  When I made my reservation I was supposed to get a $50 hotel credit, which they refused to give me because of "blackout dates."  There were absolutely no blackout dates or fine print stating I wouldn't get the $50 on my reservations so I didn't understand why they couldn't accommodate me.  They were total jerks about it.  It also took 6 hours and 4 calls to housekeeping to get towels.  The towels showed up at 3 am when we were sleeping.  Seriously?  A lot of the people staying in the hotel brought their annoying children, very low class people staying in this hotel.  I wish we would have paid $20 bucks more a night and stayed at Mandalay Bay or any of the nicer hotels.
5	Treasure island is my one and only favorite place to be in Vegas. From the time it takes to set up a quick reservation from a friendly assistant on the other line, to the beautiful and fun atmosphere, their amazing players card rewards, and their should be marked five star hotel rooms, this place is hands down a plus! I valet my car, and open the door and I feel like I'm entering my second home. I go to vegas five to six times a year because my best friend lives there, and For four years I've been bouncing back and forth between other places to stay and here, and none have come close.
2	This wasn't my first pick for a Vegas hotel, but I was in town for a conference and the price was right at TI ($500 for 5 nights). Checked in at around 7:30pm and waited over 45 minutes in the smoky lobby. When I asked for directions to the hotel my conference was located at the staff was less than helpful. When I finally made it up to my room I was pleasantly surprised. The furnishings looked quite modern and nice, and I got the king sized room I requested. Upon closer inspection the room left a LOT to be desired. On the first night I discovered a crusty stain on the sheets, which obviously had not been changed. After requesting for a bed linen change, the new linens had several dark stains on them. Gross! Towels were always "crunchy" - in definite need of replacement. Floors had obviously not been vacuumed in awhile and there were also suspicious white stains on the wallpaper. Hotel restaurants did not look appetizing. I went for happy hour at the TI's highly rated "Isla" restaurant, and while the drink was delicious their food was sub-par (they use liquid cheese on their nachos). Most of the time I ended up taking the tram to the Mirage next door for decent eats. Overall, the bargain price could not compensate for the lack of cleanliness. Next time I will definitely stay elsewhere.
4	So, I've stayed here a total of two times and both visits were great.  -The rooms are spacious. -The beds are comfortable.-The location is great.  It's right in the middle of the strip.  -The room decor is modern, and pleasant. Would I stay here again?  Yes I would.
4	Out of all of the things I wrote a review for in Vegas when I visited last May, HOW in the world did I miss the hotel I stayed at?!  **sorry about the oversight!!  It won't happen again**Ahem, now that we got that out of the way, I really enjoyed our stay while we were here.  It was a good location, it was right across the street from a Walgreens, which was good for the things you forget!  It was at a good (not great) location on the strip, and it was always easy to get a cab when we needed it!The check-in and check-out took a really long time, so be forewarned!I loved the outdoor pool service.  Kahunaville wasn't all that great.  It does have a cool tram that takes you straight to the Mirage which is good when it's cooler and you don't want to venture out at night!I didn't try the buffet, but my friends said it was just meh.  The little diner in there is overpriced and not great.  Gilly's has a mechanical bull that's pretty cool, but I didn't try any of their food/beverages.The staff was nice, the hotel was clean, and it was within stumbling distance.  That's really all you care about, really, though, right?!
5	I'm biased, as I had my wedding here on the ship.  But everything was great!  The chapel and hotel staff were all very professional and helpful.  Although I was never a super anxious or demanding bride, the whole experience was pleasantly low-stress.  They always had everything in control and in order.  The wedding package was very reasonable and inclusive, with a massage in the spa the day before, which was great.  We even got an upgrade on our suite for our wedding night due to availability, which was a nice surprise.  Ordered room service twice, and it arrived in under 30 minutes both times.  We look forward to going back for an anniversary!
2	The most uncomfortable bed at any hotel I have stayed at. I used a groupon and still felt like I paid too much. Definitely, felt like a bait and switch with the groupon. They promised $50 dining credit, but gave lousy buy one get one half of coupons. Don't be fooled by the Deluxe rooms, those are just the names used for there normal rooms available. Super smokey casino, they need better air circulation in there.Just bad. I probably wouldn't of wrote anything if they didn't mess with mydining credit. You mess with my food, I'll pin you to the wall.
4	Great location! Close to the Mirage (could take a Tram to Mirage), Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn and Encore.I got hooked up here on multiple occasions!  I got upgraded to a premier suite, luxury suite, and a penthouse on 3 separate times. It was newly remodeled, so the rooms were very nice and clean. Food:The restaurants here are mediocre and don't get me started on the buffet.1) Kahunaville2) Pho - overly priced for wack pho and service!Casino:Low limit, so you if you have a budget for gambling, TI is pretty good place to gamble.  Poker room - extremely small and not worth playing there. There's never a good amount of people playing.Service:Quick with room service (ie, rollaway beds, towels, cups, etc...)
3	Overall I'd say our stay at the Treasure Island was acceptable for the deeply discounted price.  The hotel is aging, and it's starting to show.  The bars, restaurants, casino were pretty dead when we went.  I remember going to play craps at around 12am and there were only around 3 other people playing craps in the whole casino.  I like gambling close to the room while the gf sleeps, so I was disappointed.Our room was very nice, and we were upgraded to a top floor corner room for no additional cost.  We also got a good deal which included a 50$ comp with our room.  We used our comp for one meal at their version of Canters (which was awesome) and the rest at their pho place [which was basically like normal pho at twice the cost, but good since you can play keno and eat pho at the same time ;) ]We are late sleepers, and we had some issues with housekeeping coming to our room around 10am, skipping us, and then not coming back.  It sucks leaving around 3pm and getting back after a long night to a non-made up bed.  Housekeeping is really one of the best parts about staying at a hotel, so that really irked me.It's close to other hotels, beds were nice, front desk was helpful.  Might stay again if the price is right, but I'll likely opt for a hotel where I can go downstairs and find more people.
4	I'm been fan of the remodeled TI for several reasons. It's a good value hotel in a good location. It's centrally located amongst the nice "newer" hotels such as Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, and right next to Fashion Show Mall. Also, I feel this section of the strip is cleaner than the other end near MGM, excluding the City Center area.Based on location for the good clubs, it's nice to be near them without having to pay an arm and leg compared to Wynn/Encore and Venetian. But at the same time it's not dingy hotel rooms or old like Flamingo or Harrahs. You can find rooms at TI for $79/night during off peak season. I like being near Fashion Show Mall for the restaurants, shopping and quick snacks/gifts at the ABC store, then there's also the Half Off Ticket kiosk there too. Then for clubs that are nearby are TAO in Venetian, XS at Encore which are the two top hottest clubs in Vegas. Also for gambling purposes, it's on the lower side for table minimums compared to Wynn, Encore and Venetian. It also has different games like WAR, how awesom is that?! haha. It's not as cheap as probably going to Harrahs or Flamingo but it also doesn't reak of smoke everywhere. Definitely way cleaner. The only restaurant I've eaten here is the "Coffee Shop", it's like a casual dining -Coco's type or higher end Dennys restaurant. My husband and I love going here because they give you hearty portions, lots of options and they serve breakfast ALL day long! Which he loves their omelette scramble. One downside is I went here for my bachelorette party, and their suites all have 1 BED only. They don't have 2 bed suites at TI, like Venetian does. So it was a giant suite with 1 tiny queen (maybe a king?) bed. Also the doors on the suite were not sound-proofed at all, we could hear all the noise from the hallway. You'd think with suites they would sound proof it and make it as grandeur as possible. They need to fix that and would gain a lot more big groups of people staying in their suites like Venetian does. Also another "bonus" is the Sirens of TI show right in front of the hotel. It replaced the pirate show, and now they're trying to get out of the "family-friendly reputation" so they put a "sexy" show. It's tacky, but it's free. It's just lots of skimpy-clad women running around putting on a "pirate" show. It's amusing to see at least once.
4	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. I love the atmosphere, the food, the casino, and just about everything else about TI. Last time here my travel agent got me a flight out of Pittsburgh with a brief layover in Cincinnatti (stayed on the plane, a boarded a few passengers) and was in Vegas 5 hours later. We each got a single room with a huge king size bed for 327, including airfare, 5 days and four nights. We could not pass up this deal. It departed the day after thanksgiving and Vegas was pretty barren. When we checked it, the front desk clerk gave us a coupon book good for many free items, including some things located right at Treasure Island. One of the items was a coupon good for twenty five dollars in slot play up the street at the Stratosphere. There were also free meals, BOGO buffets, two for one helecoptor tours of Hoover Dam, ETC.The rooms were huge, nice and clean except for one thing, my toilet didn't flush, I called the front desk and they apologized and sent up a bellhop to get my bags and upgraded me to a suite. What a great suite it was too. Nice living room area, walk in closet, and giant bedroom with a california king sized bed. I could travel like this a lot!Great casino here at TI, I found the slots to be pretty loose, the blackjack dealers are extremely friendly, and, they have a great sportsbook.It's not one of the newer hotels, but this place is still my favorite place on the strip to gamble, and stay when I come to Vegas. They treat you right.
4	I just stayed here over the weekend and wow, I must admit they have one comfortable king size bed! I was dead tired at 5am, slept only a couple hours and I woke up feeling refreshed and ready to take on the slots! We went to a steakhouse in the hotel and the Australian Lobster was incredible.  It pratically made me melt from being so good.  I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  I got my room for $80 total for just a night which was the best rate on the strip for a nice hotel.  I wouldn't mind staying here again, but I prefer a hotel more at the heart of the strip!Tip:  If you sign up for their guestbook online, they will give you special offers which is a lot better than the ones on the website (My room was only $50 a night)!  Always sign up for those specials deals on hotel stay and tickets to show!
5	My friend and I stayed here on a recent trip. Considering how cheap the price was, I wasn't expecting much. My mind was blown. The room was pristine, the bed big and cushy, the view was great, and they threw in a free buffet. I would totally stay here again!Extra perk? Starbucks is just next door. ;o)
4	We had found a deal for buy one night and get one free at this hotel. Neither of us had ever had a stay at the Treasure Island so we gave it a go.Of course, when you get a buy one get one free deal you assume that you will get the worst room but our room was pretty good. We had a view over the road and part of the Fashion Show Mall and were on the 31st floor- I was just hoping that there would be no emergency where we couldnt use the lifts.The sink was cracked and the room could have done with a little updating but everything else was fine. There was no visible signs of bed bugs which is a good thing as the past couple of years I have had this insane fear of them so had there been any sign we would have been out of there like a shot!The bed was really comfortable, so comfortable that one night out of our stay we slept a solid 12 hours!When you check in you get a lot of coupons to get offers- there was one for buy one get one free drinks up to a certain value (I cannot recall whether it was 9 or 11 dollars) however, we were not able to find ANY place in the hotel where we could redeem these.Additionally the WIFI was not automatically included when you paid the resort fee, even though the card we had said that the resort fee included access to WIFI- I believe what they meant was that whilst you could access the WIFI you had to pay for it.Upon checking out we forgot to pick up our jackets- we had hung them in the closet and not worn them at all. Given that we live in Southern California we are already used to not having a jacket so it was easy to miss!We were staying in another hotel nearby for another night so were still in the area. The lost and found filed a report in the evening when we notified them but nothing had been found- we were obviously really annoyed about this. However, when we called the morning we were due to leave the jackets had been found. RELIEF. Its not a 5 star review because there are things which could be improved but for the deal we got we were very happy!
5	You can't go wrong if you stay at TI.  The rooms are fairly cheap.  The location is great, between The Mirage and Fashion Show Mall.  Across the street from The Palazzo.  I have stayed in the Deluxe Room and Petite Suite and both are great.  The beds were comfortable but not their roll-away bed.  I had drinks at Kahunaville which were alright and cheap.  I've eaten at The Buffet and Canter's.  Both are great and fulfilling.  They also have 2 Starbucks.  The hotel is open till midnight and the one on the Strip is 24 hours.
3	Swashbuckling good time. And the rooms are above average.
4	A nice place to stay on the Vegas strip.
2	I have been to Vegas many, many times. I have stayed in a variety of hotels on and near the strip and I will NEVER stay at Treasure Island again because of how terrible the customer service is. This is really unfortunate because the suite we stayed in was absolutely amazing and the buffet was to die for!The only reason I even gave two stars was because of the rooms and buffet. Our suite was very spacious and had two bathrooms (great for 5 girls) and had a fancy double door entrance. The buffet was fantastic, all the food was great especially their desserts (which serves fresh spun cotton candy by the way). Our server Park was wonderful and made our experience fantastic.My complaints begin with the Check-in Counter and end with the Check-out Counter. We spent $700 on this suite for the weekend. The Black woman with short black hair who checked us in was horrible. I didn't catch her name, but a description is better then nothing. She didn't greet us or say anything such as "Welcome to Treasure Island, How can I help you today"? She went through the motions, never smiling and even rolled her eyes at me when I asked my friend about the deposit we needed to put down. She handed us our room keys then hardly told us where the elevator was at then just stared at us. She did not thank us or asked if there was anything else she could do for us, just stared. WOW...first glimpse of the hotel and this is the way you are treated...not good.Later that evening we needed to get a few items out of our car in Valet. We walked up to the counter...again weren't greeted and I asked them what we needed to do in order to get the items out. They said they would just bring the car up...great, sounds good. WELL we waited for 40 minutes to get our car. Three people came up after us and got their car before we did. So I go up and ask What's going on because we have been waiting and three others got their car before us. He assures me that it's coming and that he has no way to communicate with the people getting the cars. I say OK. Another person comes along and gets their car so at this point I am pissed. I ask to speak to a manager. They don't get one, but instead start figuring out what was taking so long. They can't even find my keys! Why? Because they never parked my car in a real spot. It was pulled up along the side behind other cars so it wasn't visible. His excuse was we have been busy then hands me the keys. I understand that your job gets busy, but no apology just a lame excuse?? NO BUENOSo the next day we head down to the buffet and our group of 4 are the only ones in line. I walk up to pay for mine with the one attendant and the other gal calls to my friends "Next". Well the other 2 girls in our party were sorting out their cash and didn't hear so the attendant gets frustrated and yells out "HHEEELLLOOOOO!!" At this point I am floored. Who does that? Long story short we complain to the manager who was nice enough, but didn't really solve the issue at hand.And finally the check out. Now I don't have much to say here as the gal helping us out was not rude, but certainly not friendly. She never smiled, never thanked us for our stay there, never said good-bye or wished us a safe trip home. I just hope that maybe a management person will read this and maybe reconsider the way they train their employees. Customer service is so damn critical and unfortunately TI failed miserably.
5	i normally review restaurants not hotels, but gonna make it a habit from now on since we travel often, i'm even going to go back and catch up with others. this is a great hotel located in a great location. we drove to vegas but we walked and used taxis to get around and it didn't cost much since it was located around everything we wanted to get too. we had a suite that overlooked the strip which was a plus. the room was big with double door entry. it had a king bed, large sofa, desk and dining table. there was his and hers bathrooms which was great. t.v was small for the room size, but its not like we were in vegas to watch t.v. there wasn't a coffee maker either. we ordered late night room service twice, and it was amazing service and food. we would stay here again.
1	Easily the worst casino on the strip! The new management that bought the place a couple of years ago are running this place into the ground. On the surface it looks good with good details, but the food and especially the hotel service are terrible. Example: The front desk asked me if everything was ok. I said, no and explained my issues. He smiled and did nothing. Awesome. Your money is better spent elsewhere. Its a big town with many better places that you can drop your vaca money.
2	I've stayed in virtually every hotel/casino on the strip and now I understand why the rooms were so cheap at TI.  The entire place smelled terrible, and their employees were unpleasant, disinterested and abrupt not to mention difficult to find when you needed assistance.  The casino has less action than an 85 year old man with erectile dysfunction.  Perhaps the only bright spot in my 4 day visit was my mani/pedi in the spa.  The lady there was a total delight.  I won't spend another dime at TI.
4	TI is in a great location with a balance of fine qualities: decent rooms, a professional staff, plenty of on-site restaurants and gambling possibilities, a nice pool-area, and a decent gym.
4	I just came back from my stay at TI over President's weekend.  They let us check in at 10am which was wonderful.  We had a great room over looking the strip.  King sized bed and duvet were so comfortable, I could have slept for days.  Room was clean and maids were promptly ready to clean your room by 9 am.  We got 2 free buffets with our stay.  I liked that the casino was not always packed with people so you could get on the machines or tables you wanted to without a wait.  Check out was super quick...just tell them your name and hand them your key.  The only complaint I had is that waitresses were hard to come by when you were on the slot machines.  I would still stay at TI the next time I visit Vegas!
2	After buying my Cirque du Soleil tickets from Tickets4Less, I rushed over here to pick my seats. DAMN it's a far walk from central Vegas to here. This is another one of those older hotels, which I wouldn't care to enter or even stay at. However, they have 2 things going fo them. The Cirque show and the Pirate show.
4	If you're in Vegas with a smaller group (less than 4), TI is a great option.The rooms are affordable, yet clean.  The beds are comfortable.  The main downside is the lack of food options downstairs.  Gambling tables downstairs have $10 minimums at certain times of day - great for novice gamblers such as myself!  The sports room is large and has comfortable seating.  Their suit style rooms are large with one king size bed and a long couch.  Lots of floor space but little sleeping space, not sure how I feel about this.  I'll probably just stick with their standard rooms if I stay in TI.  There are always sales going on too so you can get a great deal all year round!
3	Not a treasure at treasure island!  JustNot impressed compared to other casinos.  This review is based strictly on the casino.  More of a smoke smellThan other casinos.
3	Much nicer than I would have guessed. I always assumed this place would be so cheeky. Still not my favorite, I don't think I would care to stay here, and I wasn't too impressed with the stuff they had to offer.
1	I booked full charges online and came to check in , found stinky entrance with huge noises and dirty carpets that keep filling you with static charges:)After waiting for more than hour in long queue with slow servant , they came to serve me and they said I have to pay extra 25$ per night for my six nights . This  casino changes although I don't gamble...I showed them my booking terms in my agent hotels.com and the said I have to pay something.. After negotiation like fish market , you pay Four , make it two ,, finally we agreed on three extra nights extra charges insead of six for nothing you get.They don't offer you carrying bags and you have to carry them all way to your room for more than 300 meters to get into the rooms area.Restaurants I didn't try as they smell bad from outside especially this the buffet one.Going into the room , carpets are looking crapy and path rooms turned yellow and shower drops water over you.. Bed linen even worn and got me allergy of this stinky atmosphere..Overall , this hotel will make sure you hate Vegas and I was counting down to finish my business and check out and run away from them.Note : monitor your credit card statement after check  out , they will count your breath and may charge you for Internet or spa entrance fees...etc.
4	I now have stayed at TI twice, the first time was a couple of years ago I organized a large bachelorette party for 20 girls here and I recently stayed here with a co-worker for a conference that was across the street at the Venitian.   Treasure Island was a great option for a moderately priced hotel for both purposes for my trips to Vegas.  The beds are comfortable and the room decor is trendy and looked recently renovated.  There are a few good options for drinks or appetizers onsite; and a selction of restaruants, though not upscale, offer decent dining options.   The casino is not as large as other hotels, which may dissappoint gambling fans, but also felt quieter and made the hotel easier to navigate than other Vegas hotels I have been in.   The location on the strip is very good with more upscale hotels such as the Venetian  and tons of shopping very close by.   There are a few negatives to this hotel.  The Sirens of TI show occurs several times a night, which is fine if your purpose in Vegas is to stay out late so you never hear it anyway; but can get obnoxious if you are actually in your room which faces the show and hear the blasts of the fireworks night after night.   Most people in Vegas will opt to eat dinner out; however, if for some reason you are eating in your room I do not reccommend TI room service.  It was very expensive and the food was greasy.  Aside from the the less than stellar room service; TI is a great option for trendy and nice, yet budget friendly option.
3	I stayed at the TI last week attending a healthcare conference. At first I was POed that a lot of my colleagues got to stay at much more upscale hotels/casinos but I was pleasantly surprised with the TI hotel and casino...The Pros:Nice location across from the Sands Convention CenterUpdated modern rooms clean comfortable bedsStarbucks on the first floorCouple of good restaurants on the property.. Liked Isla Mexican and their Vietnamese restaurant both were very good. Couple of people did the buffet and said it was OK... I'm not a buffet guy so...Gilleys bar off the lobby is a good place to have a brew and watch the tourists get tossed off mechanical bull.Casino has low minimums which is OKNot staying at the hotels attached to the conference center meant I was out of the bedlam of trying to get a coffee in the AM or a drink in the PM with the thousands of exhibitors and attendees...There are Cons:Yea if I was taking wifey for a romantic getaway weekend the TI would not be choice number 1 or 2As someone earlier mentioned the casino is smokey but others on the strip are just as badMake sure you request a room that is not facing the strip and their nightly cannon show.. I mean everyone has to sleep a bit even in Vegas.One of the pit bosses said the TI is the best value and best kept secret on the strip. Yea sort of..
5	I had not been to Las Vegas in about 2 years and booked a mini vacation online for a 4 night stay at Treasure Island, my check in was fast a simple and girl at the desk had a great smile and made me fell real welcome. I was in my room within 10 minutes. Hotel is in the middle of the strip walking distance to most other major hotels and shows, they have a great nightly show the in the front of the Hotel called the Sirens of TI. room rates range from $45 and up you can get a better deal if you shop online. the room I had had 1 king sized bed a large bathtub cable TV is free with the room, I had a flat panel tv in my room, rooms have a mini refrigerator and a safe to lock you personal items in, you can peek a smoking or non smoking room. there is a Starbucks located on the casino level. I ate at there buffet good food good price. the only bad is they charge for WIFI like $24.95 for only a 24hour period and since most of use carry laptops or tablets with built in wifi and not cords this should be free. that being said.I will stay there again great time..
5	Very nice...i thought treasure island was a very nice and kept up hotel. room was nice and big, bathroom was spacious. the buffet there was very good. will definalty plan on staying there again.
4	Best buffet in town!  Great hotel!
4	I stayed here when it first opened many years ago. At the time Ceasars and The Mirage were the big dogs and the whole pirate ship show out front was a big deal. I was upgraded for free to a top floor room with a sick view and can't help but think TI helped cement my life long love of Las Vegas.Fast Foward 15 or so years. I don't think I have done more than walk through the place a few times since. But when I returned for noodle soup (read Pho at the Coffee Shop review) I saw a $5 craps table on my way out. I stopped to play a while with the  light morning crowd.The dealers were friendly and fun and everyone was having a good time playing the game. I think that is all you can ask for in a casino. I also like the feature bet. While  I'm sure it's a sucker bet the 176 to 1 odds can make one happy sucker. I will return to play craps here and eat soup. Good Luck.
3	First time staying in the strip in Vegas and we really enjoyed it. The pool here was the best part of the whole experience! They did have some trouble with our reservation and even charged us more than what we were told which was frustrating to say the least. But other than that the hotel itself was great!
3	I've stayed here before once I made reservations directly with the hotel and came in on a Sunday... Little Bit and I were just coming in quick to see "Mystere" and then bailing the next morning. I don't like Vegas so my ventures onto the strip are EXTREMELY limited. This trip I was solo and here for the Catersource Convention being held over at Ceasars Palace, so I went onto priceline (name your price) to get a hotel hopefully somewhere NEAR Caesars. I lucked out got a rate of $78.00 per night coming on a Sunday for 2 days. Rooms are nice be sure to tell them you do not want a room near the Pirate show if you would like to get some sleep... although I didn't hear the show to late in the evening, perhaps it is different in the summer time when they are busier. Service was fine nothing SPECTACULAR but check in was quick and friendly. Gift shop personnal smiling and nice, valet courteous. I had a view of the strip on a high floor it was nice but honestly you spend no TIME in your room so I don't imagine it is important when you really think about it. I could hear my neighbors from time to time so walls are thin (or neighbors were just loud) My classes during the convention were long starting at 7:00am and out by 6:15pm so needless to say I was not in the room for long. Last week the monorail that takes you to the Mirage was broken and they were offering a shuttle to the Mirage but my destination was Caesars so I took a cab each day.FYI if you use credit cards in the cabs there is a $3.00 transacation fee. I did not partake of the pool but it is a nice size. I did not eat at any of the restaurants here this time so can't review those. Elevators are through the Casino like every other hotel in Las Vegas... as they want you to be tempted to loosen your pockets and "give it a go"!LOLRespectfully Reviewed
4	I liked it. The room was good, the reception desk friendly, not much waiting time... what else?Easy!
4	TI was great.  We matched with TI on Priceline for $40 a night, and figured it would be a terrible place because we got such a great deal.  Nope!  Everything was lovely.Room: The room was huge, modern, and beautiful.  We let the person at the check-in desk know that it was our anniversary, and they offered to upgrade us; we got a corner room.  This is a very specific pro, but I really liked their bath soap.  It has bumps on it, so bathing was like getting a silky massage.Hotel in general: It was... okay.  The casino seemed smoky and not as open as other ones we saw.  The attraction, though (the Sirens of TI show) was a lot of fun.  The one thing that surprised me about the hotel was that they charge a daily service fee of $20.  I take it many Vegas hotels (but not all) do this.  They try to convince you that you get stuff for your $20, and I *guess* you do (free wireless internet, a 2-for-1 buffet coupon that we used and enjoyed, a "special screening area" for the Sirens show)... but still... it felt sneaky.Location: Wonderful.  This is considered the north part of the center of the strip.  So you're still in the middle of all the action, but you're not in the middle of the middle of the action.  We walked most everything (though took a city bus to Freemont St), and thought TI was a great location for walking.  There's also a Walgreen's across the street, which means you can buy cheap[er] breakfast foods and snacks there.
3	Older property rooms need some updating to keep up with the rest of Las Vegas good restaurants nice staff I little over priced
5	We just stayed here over the weekend and it was fantastic!We needed a place where 6 girls could stay for about $1000 for 2 nights.  At TI we got a giant suite + 2 adjoining regular rooms for that price - best thing we found on the strip! That wasn't at some oober sketch place lol.The rooms were awesome.  Completely updated, hot tub jacuzzi bathtub in the suite, tons of room, nice amenities, really just a great room.  We ordered room service one morning and that was great as well.Definitely would recommend staying here if you're looking for a great affordable hotel!
4	Had a great time with friends and coworkers at treasure Island. Everyone from the valet to check in to the bar to Gillies to the hosts to the pit bosses were friendly and a lot of fun. The room is we're small but very nice.  The only problem I had was the room next-door decided to come home from their partying at 4 AM and I make a lot of noise. But then again this is Vegas. I would definitely return
1	I've never been a huge fan of this hotel and this weekend I just confirmed why. I've never stayed at a hotel where housekeeping calls to ask you what time to come clean the room when you have a privacy sign on your door. My friends and I were up for over 24 hours gambling and spending a grip load of money and got to bed at 8am. They called at noon waking everyone up. My friend call the front desk to complain and got transferred 4 times. She finally spoke with a manager and she said she was sorry and it's their policy and they've always done this for years. WTF?!!! I've stayed here before and its never happened. No hotel has ever done that to us! The manager we spoke to was Annie Espinoza. She was rude and raising her voice where my friend had to pull the phone away from her ear. She has no right or proper experience to deal with customers. Stay away from TI. We will never stay, gamble or eat at this hotel again.
1	Despite having a room on a non-smoking floor, the occupants of the adjoining room were smoking what was very likely marijuana. The smoke from their room seeped into our room through the service door, as well as into the hallway. As a result, our room had a very strong smell in it. While the bell desk did send someone up to spray our room and warned our neighbors not to smoke, the reprieve from the smoke smell was temporary. After leaving our room for a few hours, we found that our neighbors had smoked yet again, stinking up our room and requiring a second visit from housekeeping.To make matters worse, despite our pleading, we were told that we would not be able to change rooms until the following night. As a result, we were forced to endure a full night of the stench of drug smoke.It is understandable to not want to embarrass your guests by "busting them" for bad behavior (after all, Vegas strives to be an adult playground). If a hotel is going to allow such bad behavior in a guest however, it should not be at the expense of another guest. If someone wants to stink up there room with smoke, so be it, but don't make us have to suffer through it too.We've shared our experience with all of our friends and will most certainly never stay here again.
2	i came to see the ti show. and now i can say i saw it.
3	While roaming the internet for all things Vegas, a pop up ad for Treasure Island teased me with rates up to 50% off.  By signing up for TI Members Only emails, I gained access to incredible bargain rates that tipped the decision for our stay to Treasure Island.  We liked that fact that TI isn't one of those behemoth hotels that requires a 20 minute hike to get to your room.  Plus, rooms were recently remodeled and our deal came with two free buffets.At check in, we were told our room had a resort view (i.e., overlooking the pool).  While technically true, we ended up with a great view of the Strip, looking south.  We were also given a buy one get one free buffet coupon for a weekday lunch or dinner.Our room was obviously fairly new, with lots of dark wood and a modern design.  We were especially impressed with how large the bathroom was.  The carpet was a busy pattern designed to hide dirt, but closer inspection revealed a carpet in serious need of steam cleaning.  There were lots of stains.  The rooms also aren't very soundproof and you might consider bringing earplugs to block out the noise of late night revelers and slamming doors in the wee hours.TI has a great selection of in-house restaurants.  The buffet space is also recently remodeled and very attractive.  We used our freebie coupon for dinner and enjoyed an expansive buffet with a Southern themed menu for the main section - bbq, sweet potatoes, greens and chicken fried steak were all passable.  It was supplemented with a pasta performance station, baked potato bar, a basic sampling of Chinese food, some Mediterranean appetizers and sushi.  The best part was the made to order salad station and the dessert buffet.  Do not pass up the mini donuts with caramel icing that have been warmed under a heat lamp!  Or the chocolate dipped strawberries!  We were surprised, and disappointed, to find the exact same menu a couple of days later at lunch, with the exception of the baked potato bar which had been replaced by out of the box frozen seafood selections.Canter's Deli was incredible, offering large portions of delicious fare at affordable prices.  Think typical Jewish deli.  The matzo ball soup and pastrami sandwich are real treats and not to be missed.  Kahunaville is a party bar that opens for breakfast, too.  Be on the lookout for someone handing out coupons in the casino for their $7.99 breakfast special.Treasure Island may not have the glitz and glam of some Las Vegas resorts, be we found it to be a great value in a great location.
1	This hotel needs serious adjustments to their policies......We stayed in a non smoking floor- smelled smokeWe were stayed on the 30th floor- which was nice- howeverwe could here toilets flushing in other rooms.There was hardly any water pressure in the showers during the morning hours of 7 am to 10 amThe "free internet" did not workThe hotel does not adjust rates on rooms if the hotel is sold out- despitethe hours of gambling you doCoffee is $3.75 a cup- regular coffee- nothing fancyThe towels were roughThe toilet paper was hardThe bed linens on our bed had blood stains...F-ING DISGUSTINGI would never go back to this place -
4	I received an offer for two free nights in this hotel and expected it to be "meh." That being said, our stay at this hotel was a dream. The hotel was able to put us on the 27th floor facing the south strip. The room was quite well appointed and clearly taken care of. The casino was clean and vibrant. To top it off every staff member we interacted with was helpful and friendly.The only bit that fell short of our expectations were the restaurants. The could use a bit more variety and quality.
4	Nice location on strip, better then average room, clean beds. But be warned, you better put that do not disturb sign on the door because the maids are on it first thing in the morning. Was also suppose to get an upgrade thru Expedias VIP services but was told at check-in that they were sold out and could not give me the upgrade. They do charge you the resort fees but also give you 2 for 1 coupons that makes up for it! Would definitely stay again!
2	OK, does TI think they're a luxury hotel or something? Why do they think they can charge almost double what Mandalay Bay charges? First off, they claim their rooms are renovated, but it still looks old to me. Also, we booked a double bed room for 2 nights, but instead we got 1 bed. You would think they would at least upgrade us for errors like that, but NOPE! Instead, they comp'ed us a tiny old cot. YAY! Also, their new pirate show is super gross. I enjoyed the old one - now, it's promiscuity at its worst.
3	Nice room.Stayed here for 3 nights.Early checking cost $50 extra. Better than napping in the parking lot with wife, baby and mo in law in our tiny Honda insight.Not many places to plug in all of our chargers for cell phones so we took turns and used the restroom plugs.Check in line was always long, with not enough staff to handle it...Check out was a mad rush too. Vegas wasn't very busy this time of year. End of march.Parking was free. The iPod dock didn't charge the iPod and it had the wrong time.They had a fridge and safe in the room.No coffee pot in the room.The checkout was kind of weird.  I suggest an easy checkout.  Get the folio under your door and just walk out if there aren't any problems with the bill.  We ended up standing in a 30 minute line just to check out.Good Job TI, but I think for the price, I might stay somewhere else.
4	Definitely underestimated this place!! While it might lack the fabulosity of the Aeria or Cosmo it certainly makes up for in charm and overall cleanliness of the place. I'll have to admit I was expecting this place to be a little run down but was pleasantly surprised by our rooms being more in the updated side of things. They have a none smoking section which was simply amazing because I cannot stand cigarette smoke. We definitely had a good night sleep since the beds were super comfy! It was like melting into a marshmallow. My only dislike for this hotel was the Kahuna restaurant downstairs! Other than that this was definitely a great place to stay.
4	Nice hotel... helpful staff and they were a little under staffed to get people checked in I think as there was a line on a WEDNESDAY!! haha! We got upgraded to a $ 200.00 suite for only paying $100.00 and it was a huge suite with whirlpool and 2 bathrooms etc... All i can say is the experience was great! definitely a good spot to go on the strip and easy to get in and out of. Just make sure you pay attention to the valet / parking signs otherwise you'll get lost or confused, maybe that was just me!?! ;-)
4	Stayed here last week , room was great , service was great . Restaurants and buffet need work , they are old and need to be refreshed . Pool is nice , gym is great ,.Beds have agronomic mattress Slept like a baby :) One of the best located hotels on the strip with easy access to the car garage .Will stay here again !!!!
5	My second time here this month and I do not see myself staying anywhere else. Great service!! We had a trade show at Caesars and had a lot of stuff with us to transport back and forth each day. The Bell staff were so quick and friendly especially when compared to the awful service at Caesars (they lost our luggage for a few hours and tried to charge us per bag when delivering them to other rooms). Customer service was just great at TI!We were in such a rush that I wound up forgetting a bag and they mailed it back to me free of charge! I love this place!!
4	Decent, well priced hotel on the strip. Their beds are extremely comfortable!  Def will stay again.
3	For the price, it has a good location, nice rooms and fun atmosphere, however, if you're looking for the quintessential Viva Las Vegas experience, you're not going to get it here--for that, head on down to Bellagio, Palazzo, Caesar's or anywhere around those hotels and you'll be good to go.TI has some fun shows (Mystere by Cirque is really pretty funny and worth the money if you get a deal), but is lacking in the LV restaurant department.I am a personal believer in the necessity of mirrors in bedrooms, and TI has never failed me there with floor to ceiling mirrors in the room; also, they have a people-mover from their hotel to The Mirage, which is only slightly better of a hotel.If you're wondering whether to stay here or not, and your options are NYNY, Mandalay Bay, Luxor/Excalibur or Trump, I say stay at TI... but if you're choosing between this and Imperial Palace, stay at the palace because you get THE BEST bang for your buck there.Enjoy you sinners!
4	This is still a nice casino located across from the Fashion Show Mall (my favorite mall here, besides the premium outlets/north); it was fairly new when I moved here in 1991. This is another property that did a makeover overhaul recently; moving away from the pirate theme which was very popular even before the Disney movies came out. The (free) Sirens of TI replaced the other free show (see, I can't even remember the name of it, jeez, how quickly we forget- that's bad or good marketing, depending on your outlook). My husband says too many casinos are going  "Yuppy." Places to eat: Phil's, La Isla, Kahunaville, Gilley's, Senor Frog's, Pizzaria Francesco, Canter's Deli, The Cafe, The Coffee Shop, The Buffet, Pho, Starbuck's, and Ben & Jerry's. I've been to Kahunaville (liked it alot, wouldn't mind going again), The Buffet (just ok, i'll pass), and Ben & Jerry's (what's not to like?). I'd been to Gilley's, but when it was in a different location, the Frontier casino. I've been to Mystere twice and I loved it! There is also a spa, meeting rooms, and other shows (comedy) besides night life here. And finally, there is a gift shop, arcade, and a pool for guests. Before the Mandalay Bay casino was here, I loved the atmosphere here, a tropical feeling. Very close proximity to the Fashion Show Mall, which makes it very convenient to go shopping.
4	What I really like about Treasure Island is that it is nice, without being hoity-toity.  One of the things I noticed about the famous Vegas casinos is that they're either nice but overly pretentious and 'hip,' or relaxed, casual, but outdated, and I found TI to be one of the few ones that is pretty balanced.
4	I was pleasantly surprised.  I guess they did a big remodel recently, so the rooms don't feel like they're fraying at the edges, of everything.  I would definitely go back, good location (near mall, Wynn, Venetian), pretty cheap, and the room was plenty nice for your standard Vegas hotel room.  Was not wholly impressed by the dining, but hey, just a short walk to the Wynn Buffet.
3	While this is one of the best buffets and also a very fun atmosphere, I am displeased in a few things. Their resort fee is out of control. There is often a wait for valet, in which we've had to leave the car in the valet and take a disgusting taxi to a show. Also I got sick at the buffet on our last morning due to what I believe was old vegetables in the made-to-or-salad area. Their response to my illness was that they hadn't heard of any "other" food poisoning so they just offered an upgrade. No thanks. The top floor rooms are very nice but since their valet and customer service weren't accommodating we won't be back. It's a shame.
4	Stayed here during Sring Break & it was GREAT! Love the room. Love the pool party too. Great customer service. We book a deluxe room & when we arrive we had the room with the strip view didn't have to pay the difference. I will definitely stay at TI again. Hopefully soon. Love Vegas. Thanks TI for a wonderful stay. Book in advance on ther website they always have great deals.
1	Will NEVER EVER stay here or recommend anyone to stay here!Horrible Horrible Horrible! We paid almost $200 a night, and when we got to our rooms our bed (white sheets n blanket)had big yellow stains n the pillow had yellow n red stains(like blood) on them.We asked to be switched rooms and they did although the front desk person was RUDE!They gave us a room on a whole nother end of the hotel seemd like I was walking from vegas to LA only to get there to the same thing.The beds were disguisting and im glad the sheets were white n not dark if not who knows what I would be laying on.We called FD again n the guy said if it was so bad n such a bad place to get our money n go find a better hotel.RUDE!When we asked to speak to a manager he ended up sending the cleaning lady to switch the sheets ,she had to pull 4 different sheets because all the ones she was pulling were the same.She was so emberresed she kept on appoligizing.I would have LOVED to see the manager getting his ass up there and change it himself after that horrible service they gave us.And NO they did not comp our room !
4	Really nice, clean, modern and affordable rooms. Free pool that was actually pretty nice with a DJ and everything. The service was great too.. If you are into luxury themed hotels or fancy suites, TI probably isn't for you. If you want something in-between the nicer 5 star hotel/casinos and the economy hotel/casinos - TI is it. Cheaper, cleaner and better than MGM.
5	Just got home from the TI and feel like I left a little piece of my heart behind!  Was in Vegas with my best friend and sweetheart for a 4-day weekend. Collectively, our group has stayed in all of the major Vegas hotels: HRH Towers, Venetian, Wynn, Excalibur, RIvera, Aria, Stratosphere, etc..  We agreed that our stay at the TI made this Vegas vacation one of the most comfotable and convenient of all time. Pros:- The staff was EXCELLENT.  All of our request were met with a quick response and a friendly demeanor.  They bumped up lunch hour just for us when we wanted sliders for breakfast, send the maid back around to accomodate our lazy vacation morning schedule, etc....- POOL!.  Pool.  POOOOOOL.  Did I say pool?  The pool is small-ish for Vegas but this turned out to be a beautiful thing.  The crowd ranged from tiny babies to older vacationing couples and the staff - including the DJ - made sure there was something for everyone.  If you want to drink and party in the pool, go ahead.  If you want to avoid the jackasses (like us) who want to drink and party in the pool, there's quiet shady spots for you and your sweetie.  When we were leaving the pool was being rented out for some fancy event - obviously this spot appeals to all.  Go.  Now.- BEDS.  We are now trying to figure out where we can buy one.- Cleanliness - My sweetie calls me Diva and Diva was very happy here :)- I get lost. It was easy for me to find the coffee shop, my room, food, and bellhops.  Left to the pool, right to starbucks.  Not once did I find myself lost in a fancy, monolithic mall.CONs:- My sweetie is a gambler and has a specific gambling style.  He didn't have any interest in gambling at TI and spent his gambling time and money down the street.  If you are The Gambler, tuck your wife away at the pool and ease on down the road.- Restaurants - I am a healthy eater and enjoy decent food and did not like any of restaurants but for a few items at Kahaunaville.  That said, KV priceswere pretty reasonable, quality was above average.  - Late Checkout - It was a bummer that the late checkout on a Monday was only 12 pm.   They need to bump that up.
3	I was hesitant to book at a place with a resort fee but it came in handy as we used some of the coupons, the internet, printed my boarding pass, etc.  Sometimes you can't avoid it if you're getting a decent deal in a decent location.For those who say this place needs work...not so much, in fact the people I talked with at the pool agreed with me, they were all satisfied staying here.  As for the pool, it is on the small side for such a large hotel...Saturday we stepped out there at noon and it was beyond packed - mostly with people reserving their chairs with towels and in the pool.  There is a DJ at the pool that starts around noon-ish.  We got an earlier start on Sunday and it wasn't so packed just because people tend to go home that day.  The DJ played a variety of music, I didn't even need my ipod out there.The location is great - you can walk or take the tram over to the Mirage for free, it's right across the street from The Venentian.My favorite party bar "Kahunaville" is inside and I must say the smell in the hotel walking in is pretty nice too...
4	Brings me lots luck here, specially the 777 slot machines...  :-)
3	There really is nothing going on here these days! It always seems empty on the casino floor, the bartenders are never busy (wait, that does make it easier to get drinks) and there is no "buzz" around the place. Im hoping that when the Sr. Frogs opens up people will come back... but judging by how empty Gillies was... I'm not holding my breath. As far as the rooms go, they are ok. Its not nearly as nice as most of the MGM properties (not including Circus Circus as it is a dump!) But they have been redone since the last time I stayed there and they are good for the price you pay. (they have great specials going most of the time)The hotel is at the very end of where most of the good action is on the strip so be prepared for a long walk if you want to see any good shows... but hey, your gonna walk in Vegas anyway so wear comfortable shoes.
1	I have stayed here in the past,first time good experience. This time it was not great. The guy at the front desk checking in was RUDE and not very helpful when I was asking question. The room was dirty,found stuff on blankets dirty! around the windows it was dirty as well. bed and pillows hard and very uncomfortable. Iam bummed out about the stay here this time at TI. Right now as Im writing this review the people next door are banging on wall and house cleaning is loud in the hall talking.
4	I have stayed here many times before, but not after they have done the remodeling. The casino does not seem as smokey as before and when you walk around the casino it has like a fresh flowery smell to it especially when you approach the guest elevators to go up to your room.The rooms have been remodeled with dark wood furniture and looks very contemporary especially with a flat screen tv. The bed itself was just fine with it not being too hard or soft. The only part I wish they could have changed was the shower heads as they looked old, but did have decent pressure.Our check-in process was fairly quick and just took about 10 minutes to get through the line and get our room keys. They also went through all of the discounts we got  booking online on the TI website. We had gotten 2 for 1 buffet, 2 for 1 spa and 2 for 1 drinks at Gilley's. You will also get a 35% discount to Mystere if you are a hotel guest. The check-out process is super easy as you can just check-out in your own room through the tv menu. Two thumbs up!!!One major gripe I have with staying at TI is that their pool is super small and is impossible to swim in since it is too shallow and there are usually just many people standing in the pool drinking. Also grabbing a pool chair can be difficult if it is crowded and you get there late.
4	For a decent price, you can snag a deal for a room at TI. Surprisingly, the rooms are pretty nice. It's clean and modern and the beds are comfy too. As for the hotel itself, there isn't really much to look at or to be mesmerized by. Maybe the show with the pirates ships outside, but I'm pretty sure it's the same show I saw when I used to come here with my parents like 20 years ago. The only thing that's changed is that they have remodeled the hotel and I think they did a good job (on the rooms, at least).The cafe downstairs in the casino is one of my favorites in Vegas. It's not cheap, but the food there is pretty good. The service can be rather slow especially when they were busy. I've heard that the pho restaurant is pretty good too. Not authentically good, but a nice rendition of the Vietnamese noodle soup. Overall, not a bad hotel to stay at during a trip to Vegas. What does it matter anyway? You shouldn't be spending your precious time in a hotel room when you're in the fabulous Las Vegas!
3	I had to book a place for several of my budget friendly college student family members and I, leading to Treasure Island.The rooms were decent and modern with a small flat T.V. screen.  The front desk person was helpful in giving us two rooms adjacent to each other so my group could stay together since all the suite were taken already.  We tried their dinner buffet because of the 2 for 1 special and boy oh boy, BAD CHOICE.  The selections were so few and maybe 2 out of 6 dishes were good.  The only up side about the buffet is that the chefs can make you vietnamese PHO, and personalize your pasta to your liking.  We had to find activities outside this hotel.  However, we did get a free firework show from our hotel window because they would perform their pirate show around 7pm.Overall, a decent place to sleep-in for a decent price and it is on the strip close to a lot of activities.
4	Yah not bad. Hey my bed was really comfortable and I slept well. I had a room on the 29th floor overlooking the pool. I was here for a conference and many people on lower floors complained of noise from the cannon ball during the night and some sort of fan system. I like the location on the strip and it's pretty convenient to get to a lot of thins. Mall right across the street with higher end stores over Miracle Mile. Fuck the miracle mile! The crowd for Mystere every night was a little annoying. The bars in here aren't so great, a little seedy and felt older than the hotel was. I did not like at night that there is a good fellas looking guy standing at the elevators asking for keys abrasively. Nor do  I care for the almost exact looking guy guarding the pool, which by the way is in the weirdest location, you can see it from every angle of the hotel except for where the entrance actually is..... it's odd. Gambling is so so, not the worst but not a great variety of slots. These penny slots are the biggest rip off, I want the old days with nickle slots. The hotel doesn't have any great dining but it is close to the hotels that do!
5	Great place to stay to avoid a hole in your wallet.  Casino Host is the best way to get things done faster.  Look for Ken G. for golfing info and daily rates.  He found me some great places to golf in Vegas.  Easy access to Wynn (XS, Surrender, and Tryst) and Palazzo and Venetian (Lavo and Tao) for all you clubbing people.  Walking distance so you don't have to fork out money for a cab after partying.  Place has a tram to Mirage and walking distance to Forum Shops at Caesars.Pool here is a bit smaller compared to the other hotels.Casino floor a good size where if you had to look for someone, it wouldn't be too hard.Checkin and checkout are easy and front desk is very nice and helpful.Rooms were very nice and modern looking.  Buffet is a NO.  Very pricey and not very appetizing.Parking is fairly easy, one structure to the back with a walking ramp to the casino.Mystere show is here at this casino, easy access where you don't have to walk around looking for it.  (Right next to starbucks from the parking lot).
3	Stayed here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I loved that the hotel is near other hotels I wanted to venture into - Venetian, Palazzo, etc. Got a great deal through Priceline.The rooms are well appointed, the bathroom clean, however, the rug that led to the room was dirty. Looked like someone poured some dark liquid or something and no one has gotten around to cleaning it.The front desk was pretty friendly even though I didn't book through them directly. Ivy at the concierge area booked my shuttle for me and was a wealth of other local information that you would not find on any guide.I left my luggage at the bell desk since I had a couple of hours between shuttle pick up and when I checked out. I thought it was a great service until I ran across this bell desk agent that was more into getting a tip from me. He hadn't even taken my luggage and he was already telling me he would take care of my luggage with his hand motioning for money. He repeated himself that he would take care of my luggage but he didn't think that he would be there in 2 hours when I returned and then motioned again for money. Such a turn off! When I told him I didn't have any change on me (which was true - I was not about to fork over a $20), he told me he would give me change. This is just poor taste! I would stay here again but steer clear of this guy at the bell desk.BTW - Fashion Show Mall is right across the street too!
3	Three of us stayed here for two weeknights using some usually worthless British Airways miles. Of the 5 other times I've been here, I couldn't even remember if I had walked through this casino. The hotel:Much better than I expected as the cost of this hotel is usually lower than most other places on the strip. They easily gave us two queen beds upon a longer-than-it-should-have-been check-in. I was expecting to have to still pay resort fees, but we were never charged. Extra bonus!Comfortable beds, great bathroom, and good amenities. All things you really need when staying in a hotel. TI had them all. Location-wise this hotel is good. It's a little on the north side of the strip, but you have easy access to other north-strip hotel casinos like Wynn/Encore and Palazzo/Venetian. Casino:The casino itself isn't as insane and hectic as many others on the strip mainly due to the location on strip and its manageable size. They have everything you need to gamble, so you won't be sorry coming in.Overall I would definitely stay here again because it really is a nice hotel and casino. You can usually get a great deal on price, but there aren't any drawbacks, so it ends up being a great value!
1	In fairness, this review is for the Sirens of TI however for whatever reason, the ol Yelpster is not cooperating with me by allowing me to review THAT fiasco.First of all, if you have the chance to go and see the the Sirens of TI, I would suggest that you seek medical help, get your head checked, take two aspirin and call me in the morning.  Hopefully you'll wake up and realize it was all just a bad dream.While the "actors" I'm sure are talented, as a group we felt we were watching a bad porno.  The only saving grace is the fact that the show is free and with that we felt that we were overcharged.Taking in to account that we had a group of pubescent teenage boys with us didn't help matters.  I believe that they were the only ones to actually enjoy the show.  Needless to say, I'm not winning the Father of the Year Award on that call.Not to mention the insanely number of people that crowd around this joint to watch this debacle. If I'm going to be smothered by a crowd that large, it had better be for something worthwhile.It had been about 10 years since I've seen the show at TI and I remember it being a little more formidable.  I guess a lot changes in 10 yrs.
4	This was my first trip to Vegas so I don't quite have any other hotels in that area to compare it to, but I absolutely had no complaints! Just from the looks of it, it certainly wasn't the Caesar's Palace or Bellagio's but I enjoyed it. The room was surprisingly clean and modern, we didn't do much hanging around in the lobby area but the restaurants & casinos were plentiful. The bed was so comfortable, I slept like a baby! (Also may have to do with the fact that we were out all night!) The service is obviously not what I was looking for in a Vegas hotel, so I wasn't disappointed or impressed. The check-in process was like a cattle call, nothing personal and not friendly. The location was probably the main thing, right on the strip and close to everything! I loved it and my heels appreciated that too! As far as the Sirens of TI, I had the worst luck. I went when they were doing construction, so everything was torn apart and nothing was going on. You couldn't even tell what was supposed to even be there - it was that bare. I'm upset, but hopefully I'll get another chance to watch it! The price - as everyone knows - isn't as ridiculous as some of the neighboring hotels. If you're looking for quality customer service with a top notch room, maybe pay the extra $100 to stay elsewhere, but if you (like most of us) only need a room with a bed to stay in that's in a great location, save the $100 for the craps table and stay here!
3	Public areas don't get the attention to detail like other hotels: smudgy doors, dirty carpet, etc. I like how the elevators are split up into floor sections--never a long wait. After reading mixed reviews about the hotel and rooms, I was pleasantly surprised with our room. Seems updated, bed is very comfortable. Marble counter in bath room is stained, giving the impression it's not clean. Deep tub. Needs more electrical outlets by bed (might consider bringing an extension cord if having phone chargers bedside is important to you.) Check-in process is a mess. They create a long, winding line at posted time. It's a mess. We like the location, so we'd probably return if the price is right.
2	It's a good deal. I have stayed there twice. I was disappointed with their pool side service - over memorial weekend they only had two bartenders and lines were extraordinary long to get a drink. Poolside waitresses were very friendly but it appeared that they were getting paid to socialize instead of wait on guests which I found odd. It seemed like the pool scene needed more management on hand to make sure people were indeed getting  the service we were paying for with the resort fee. Needs improvement on it's customer service but nighly rate is indeed a good deal.
3	I'd actually like to give it 3.5 stars but I'll settle for a 3 because I can't say that the sty was fantastic. I stayed here Memorial Day weekend with my friend and I'll say that we got a really good price (it was bundled so I can't really break out the actual price but we paid about $350 each for round trip airfare and 4 nights/3 days at TI). So the price deserves a star.I'll give them two stars for their location. We were pretty much smack-dab in the center of the strip so taxi cabs weren't too expensive and we were close to Ceasar's shopping and the fashion mall.As for the cons--I was pretty disappointed that when I came into the room and checked my sheets, I found that BOTH beds had stains on the sheet. I mean there's a reason why sheets are white....so let's keep them white! I will give them kudos for sending someone up at 8:45PM to change my sheets when I called room service. However, the new sheets that replaced the sheets STILL had stains. I don't know if the stains are from the washing machine being old or if it's from overloading it.I was also disappointed that they didn't have our room cleaned in a timely fashion. We had been out for most of the day and when we came back at 4PM, we still did not have our room cleaned. I think they were on their way but by that time we felt it was too late for them to come and clean. We really only needed towels so it wasn't a big deal but I stopped by one of the other ladies cleaning the rooms and asked if she could give me 4 new towels and she seemed to be really bothered by giving me new towels. My Spanish isn't that good so I couldn't tell exactly what the issue was but I had gone for two days without a room clean, so I needed new towels. Another disappointment was that on our last night, we called room service at 4:30AM and they told us it was going to take 1.5 hours before we got any food.Last disappointment was that they wouldn't give me a late check out. I mean, I understand that it was a crowded weekend so it was fine but considering they hadn't been cleaning my room for the entire trip, I figured they could cut us a little bit of slack and give us a late check out. Sure enough at 11AM housekeeping came and knocked on the door to start cleaning.Overall, I think the main issue was the weekend choice so it wasn't bad. BUT! dirty sheets!?!? COME ON! Get it together! You're a 4 star hotel.
5	What a fantastic hotel! It's AS good as it gets for a 4 star hotel. My stay at TI far exceeded my expectations.THE BEDS ARE HOLY AMAZING!! I think they're tempurpedic. Friends and I can all agree that we fell asleep right when our heads hit the pillow. These are people who have stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, and Cosmo, and all have agreed that TI has the best beds to offer! I'm pretty sure it's the best bed I've ever slept in...in my life. We were sad to leave.Other than that, the hotel is very nice and clean. Clean carpets, nice bathroom, comes with mini-fridge to store all your alcohol, and good shower head. Plus we lived right across from the ice machine. If you don't feel like dishing out money to stay somewhere expensive, TI is your best bet. It trams to the Mirage, easily located parking garage, has Starbucks located right outside of it, and is in the middle of the strip and easily walkable to all the popular clubs.
1	Arrived before the allowed check in and decided to wait in the "Breeze Bar" area. While sitting in the bar area, a HUGE ROACH the size of two quarters decides to crawl right towards where my friend and I are sitting. Although, I was completely disgusted and freaked out... I quietly told the bartender to avoid a huge commotion. She went over, stepped on it, cleaned it up and that was it. Another bartender even joked that there was another one right near us. My friend and I both work in the hospitality industry and we were shocked that she didn't send a manager to apologize or confront the situation. Surprised by the lack of customer service, I went to the front desk to confront hotel management. I spoke with an assistant manager who tried to offer me a complimentary buffet while I waited for my room. Funny that I would be offered food after seeing a roach crawling around. No thank, appetite gone. According to the assistant manager, the general manager was too busy to come down to speak to me about this matter.Anyways, the MAIN issue of this situation was the lack of customer service. This matter was taken a lot lighter than it should have been and with that being said I was not satisfied with my stay here. Hope your stay was or will be better than mine!
1	Bedbugs!!!!  Need I say more?  My kids stayed here memorial day weekend and called  hotel management but it didn't seem to phase them.  So gross.  Unfortunately they do not let you post no stars.
2	Expensive for a third rate casino. Even the nonsmoking rooms smelled like cigarette smoke. They got our reservation wrong, first they placed us in a room with 2 queen beds (paid 4 king suite), told us we they were sold out, but promised we could move the following night. The next night we were placed in a standard king not the suite. Both rooms smelled like smoke even though we requested nonsmoking rooms. We were never compensated for the mishandling of our reservations. Next time, well there will be no next time for this place.
4	The front desk lady was very nice & checking in went by smoothly!  The beds here are sooo comfortable.  I slept like a baby!  Prices aren't that bad either and the hotel is pretty nice as well.  Service isn't that great though.. We had to ask twice to get some extra towels.  Oh well.  All I did here was sleep, shower, recover, and gamble so that's all I can comment on.
4	When I stayed here Nicki Minaj's jam was ringing in my head,  Starships were meant to fly...hands up and touch the sky..can't stop...cause were so high...lets do this one more...That jam gave me that added feel to this hotel, really that melody relates to that beachy tropical theme that TI has to offer, Wow... only if I had used their swimming pool outside I'd probably spot Nicki Minaj singing to the beats and following her rhythm, shoot! her song haunted me even walking by Serendipity because they played that song through their speakers and it also got us singing along Starships on the road trip back home. Anyways, I really love this hotel its not outdated or rundown, but its comfy. We had the double queen bedroom that had the pool view, but we wanted a king bed facing the strip, that wasn't available.  The bed was very comfortable, you gotta have those fluffy comforters, any bed with brown thin comforters to me isn't worth a hotel stay in opinion. The bath was clean and had a decent layout, flat screen tv, overall size of the bedroom was just right.Mildly hip hotel, I see now why they shortened their hotel name to T.I. (nice marketing scheme.) Their casino here is not as big as other hotel casinos on the strip, but I don't gamble. Only if they had a decent selection of restaurants that would be worth trying could've up the ante here, but to me the comfort plus a bargain stay here gets me breakdancing beyond the Starships! How memorable that stay was.
5	I stayed here with my boyfriend for a couple of nights in May. I have nothing bad to say about Treasure Island - we had a very clean and spacious room with a comfy bed, awesome view (definitely worth the extra $20 to get strip view), we had fun in the casino downstairs (I won at the slot machines!), wifi is fast and reliable, people are nice... It's also a nice mixed crowd, you will see younger couples like me and my boyfriend, but also families, older couples, party kids.. The pool was clean and big too, there were enough sun beds throughout the day to use, these and the towels were free. Really good location too for sight seeing and shopping! All in all I had a great stay here, and will probably come back!
3	This is a combination of two reviews: the hotel/suite we stayed in, and the pool/cabana area.OUR SUITEWhen we started planning our tenth wedding anniversary trip we decided to go all out and rent a suite at TI.  We checked in at about 1:30 and lines were pretty short and check in went fairly quickly.  My only complaint was that because we had booked a suite they charges us an extra $400 deposit that they had failed to tell me about before hand.  I expected to pay a deposit, but $400 creates a bit of sticker shock when you are not ready for it!Some of the specific amenities we were excited about in our suite were:Jacuzzi tubIn-room ipod dockIn room non-minibar refrigeratorWhen we arrived in our room we found that:the Jacuzzi tub did not workThe ipod dock did not workthe refrigerator did not workI called down for services and was told they would send up a technician for the refrigerator and the Jacuzzi but that they were phasing out the ipod docks so there was nothing they could do to replace that.  This kind of upset me because as the ipod dock was advertised, we decided we did not need to bring ipod speakers, therefore our ipod, with all of "our songs" was useless during our wedding anniversary weekend.It did not take long before someone came to our room, however he was a security officer, not a technician.  He said he would send the right guy.  After waiting an hour and a half I called back down to the front desk and they sent someone up immediately.  The jacuzzi was fixed promptly (the GFI switch had kicked off) and he had the refrigerator replaced.I also noticed that the coffee table and a number of large scrapes and scuffs on the paint under the glass that made it look cheap and second rate.  This would have been something inexpensive and easy to fix but the hotels decision to ignore it tells me a lot about what their priorities are.Other than that, we really enjoyed our stay.  The space between the hotel entrance and the elevator bank was not excessive as in many casinos.  In fact the elevator banks seemed quite central to just about everything we wanted access to.  Also, there did not seem to be an excessive amount of smoke which is something we always dread about coming to Vegas.Maid service was very good!The buffet was good, though I felt over priced given what they served.  THE POOL/CABANAWe rented a poolside cabana in Monday.  Though we reserved a cabana ahead of time, I did have to come down at 9 am that day to select the specific one we wanted, but that really didn't bother me.  The cabana comes stocked with soft drinks and water, a fruit plate and four times the number of towels allowed the regular pool patrons.   Cabana service was prompt, attentive and through.  Drinks and food were served through the Kahunaville Restaurant.  My wife ordered two tropical drinks in plastic souvenir cups, the Vacation and a Melonrita, both of which she said were vary good.  The drinks were $18 a piece which I thought was excessive but not unexpected.  We also ordered the Paradise Sampler which came with jerk chicken, coconut shrimp, ribs, wings, mozzarella triangles (REALLY GOOD!) and nachos.  The presentation was awesome with a "smoking" hollowed out coconut (stamped with the old Las Vegas logo) filled with dry ice and water.  Thought the jerk chicken was a bit dry, all and all the food was good and we could not finish it.  The platter was $25 which I consider a bit expensive for a sampler platter, but given the presentation (you get to keep the coconut) and the fact that it was served in a pool side cabana, I am not really sure that my criticism is terribly warranted.My only real complaint was that it was in excess of 100 degrees that day and for some reason the misters on the cabanas were kept off until almost 3 pm.  Even the wait staff was complaining but nobody seemed to have an answer as to why the delay.  On a non weekend day the cabana will cost you $180 which initially made my frugal side tense, however my wife pointed out that is you occupy your cabana from open to close, it only runs you about $22 an hour which I don't think is at all unreasonable.
2	Recently attempted to book at stay at "TI" for five days. What follows is a story of ineptitude and indifference. We ended up cancelling and making reservations elsewhere.I have been to TI before although I have never stayed there. After pouring over tons of reviews, websites, pictures, youtube videos and Vegas travel sites we settled on booking the Executive Suite at TI. We found a great deal for around $120 a night, the room looked pretty cool online, loved the foyer/two bathrooms and felt that staying at a mid range hotel better suited us than one of the really fancy joints (stayed at Cosmo last trip).I originally booked a three night stay and all was well. The troubles began when we decided that five nights might be a little more enjoyable.We called up to update the reservation since you cant book the Executive Suite online. They allowed us to use the same code and the price was fair. They said they would send us an updated confirmation. They sent it, but it wasnt updated. It was still for the original three nights. Lovely.I called and asked for them to please send an UPDATED confirmation later that evening. They assured me that my reservation was updated and they would send it.It never arrived.I called the next day (third time now). They said that sometimes the email could take twenty four hours to arrive. I have never had it take that long to send an email. Regardless, I told them it had already been twenty four hours and that both of my prior confirmations had arrived instantly. They said they would send it again. Never got it.Called again the next day. At this point I was still being really nice about it and wasnt upset yet. The gentleman told me he would send the confirmation and that it would arrive within twenty minutes? So now an email takes twenty minutes? Again I did not receive an email. This wouldnt have been that big of  a deal but my first updated confirmation was wrong and at this point it was just plain incompetence.Called a FIFTH TIME the next day and asked for a manager. He gave me several excuses about their email being down etc. Nobody had told me that before. He said he would send and I told him if I didnt get it within 20 minutes I was cancelling. I ended up getting it about 45 minutes later with one of the most poorly written apology letters I have ever seen. Misspelled words, no punctuation, etc. Seriously? What a bunch of monkeys. I cancelled and booked elsewhere. If they handled such a simple situation as this so poorly I can only imagine the situation had there been a problem with my room or something actually important or even remotely challenging.
4	Spent the first weekend of the summer at TI this year and was pleasantly surprised. We paid about $350 for Thursday-Monday so it was a good price for what you got. The check in was easy and the clerk gave us a nice 25th floor room that overlooked the pirate show and strip. The room itself offered free WiFi which was both reliable and fast (enough to stream the Pacquiao fight from my MacBook). I probably won't be coming back because I have the type of personality that always wants to try something new but it's about the quality and service you'd expect from a 4 star place. No complaints.
5	They just mailed me back my super expensive leather jacket! I realized the day after checking out I had left it. It took two calls to lost and found to find it - the first time looking for items left in my room wasn't helpful, but the second time I got a super nice lady who actually went into the inventory to look for a leather jacket. It had been found on some random floor I had neve been on. I'm so grateful! I expected it to be gone, stolen, sold.The rooms are decent if you get a sale. The location is great right across from Walgreens (because what Vegas trip isn't complete without having to buy chapstip once a day). They give you a roll out bed for $30 that fits between the 2 queens. The rooms themselves aren't that big but the beds are comfy and the rooms are nice.Late checkout is at 12, they didn't allow early check in (I believe check in was at 4 or 5 pm, ridiculous), check in took forever, and they do charge $25/day resort fees. Like almost every other hotel on the strip.
2	We booked our room at Treasure Island over two months in advance and upon checking in on Friday, we had no reservation on the books. I contacted hotels.com (where we booked the res) to find out that everything was all set on their end, and despite a written confirmation that we had paid in full and had a reservation, the staff at Treasure Island was completely unconcerned with my issue and offered no solutions at all. Their attitude towards the whole situation was appauling, and after talking with three staff members, I finally was put in touch with a semi-helpful woman who at least offered to see what other rooms they had avaialble for the evening. After an hour of this ridiculousness (expecially frustrating after a long travel day), they miraculously found our reservation and I was sent upstairs. The rooms were wonderful and the amenities at the hotel were great. I enjoyed the entire time I was at Treasure Island with the exception of any time I had to interact with they completely unhelpful staff. Additionally, we requested a late check-out (by 2 hours, not exessive) and they could not have been more rude about the request before denying it. I kindly reminded them of my check-in experience; however, this tactic proved unsuccessful as well. The incredibly enjoyable weekend I had in LV had everything to do with the people I was with, and nothing to do with the hotel I chose to stay in. We certainly won't be returning.
2	Tolerable.  decently priced for spacious rooms.  Check-in was okay....we got in on a wednesday..... seeing the check-in line on saturday was crazy by comparison!the bathroom was poorly lit.  the makeup mirror kinda helped.  the vents in the room were HORRIBLY FILTHY!!!  as was the space behind the bathroom door--- when it is cleaned with the door Open, its easy to see how/why it got skipped....still gross when you close the door and use the bathroom!nice to have a small frig in the room.... the A/C is tricky.  seemed to be hot& stuffy or FREEZING!  the upstairs hallways are ALWAYS FREEZING!  i carried a sweater with mii everywhere JUST for th TI hallway by the rooms!  :(the pool was nicely sunny until 5p-ish.  Other hotel pools in LV are under shadows of their neighbors towers by 2/3pm :(the DJ by the pool was a bit LOUD!  he did all right until he played a song about Murdering Children.  not exactly my cup of tea while i'm trying to relax.The only idiot/rude person I encountered was at the hotel front desk at 1a and 2a on friday night.  TI allowed and profited from a wedding reception held in the pool area after it was closed for the night.  The only reason this was a problem was the DJ.....again DJ in the pool area blasting Bollywood style til 2:20am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Our room was on the TWENTY-FIFTH floor and I could hear the DJ as clear as Day call last call for Dinner at 1am!!?!!?   If dinner was *just* ending at 1am----I began to wonder when/if this party was ever going to end.    The front desk agent said, "probably 2am."after 2:10am, I was P.O.'ed!!!  when I called back, the IDIOT at the Front Desk tried to tell mii the hotel "can't do anything about it".   HOW ABOUT NOT ALLOWING the SALES DEPT. to BOOK PARTIES that WILL DISTURB OTHER GUESTS??????I have worked in hotels....Communication between departments is CRUCIAL and it is NEVER good customer service to imply your hands are tied and you are a useless employee who isnt even willing to LOOKUP information about an event happening On Your Property! :(
5	Stayed here for 4 days with my boyfriend on 6/8/12-6/12/12 it was a really packed weekend but still have no complaints about the hotel. It was lovely. The check in on Friday night only took like 20 minutes. The strip view was beautiful, i really recommend it. I used the 2 for 1 coupon i got for the buffet and the food was delicious. Overall very clean nice room definitely staying there again.
5	Stayed here alone back in March 2010 for one of my best friends 30th bday.  This Hotel was across the street where my friend and her husband stayed. So it was a convienence for me. They upgraded my room to a deluxe which i had a view of the strip! Which was awesome :)  I had all the amenities!  Great experience i had here!
5	This is a review for the pool - a cabana is a must! On our first day we realized how crowded the pool gets, so the following day we rented a cabana. Reasonable prices, and great service! Our waitress, Haley, was fab. Our pool was perfect for people watching, there were a lot of really fun people there!!
4	Pretty decent location and rooms are nice. I really have no complaints! We checked out the pool area too and it probably wasn't as nice as some of the other hotels' pools, but it was decent. The water was pretty gross though.I like how the hotel has a variety of restaurants and its own Starbucks. They are also home to KA, I believe so that's pretty cool.Room service was quick and very helpful. I'd stay here again for the affordable prices.
2	I had high expectations for my Vegas vacation. We stayed at the Tower suite and I disappointed when as soon as I walked in there was a musky sweat smell and the refrigerator area had dirty fingerprints and the shower had grout mildew build up. It is a beautiful place in a great location they just need to take better care of it.
4	Nice location. Check-in took 2 minutes on 4th of July (FREE EARLY CHECK-IN 10:00 AM!!! ++++++) & Check-out was easy & fast via express check-out on TV. Upon checking in, sandwiched a $20 and was upgraded to a strip view and on a higher floor with complimentary bottle of champagne and 2 free buffet passes. It was worth it. Considering it was 4th of July weekend, I knew i couldn't get the executive suite (all booked). 31st floor. Decent room, comfy beds, comfy pillows, big bath tub, and an amazing view of strip (all the way down to Mandalay Bay). The pool was sparkling at 8 AM, but by noon it looked murky. The pool could use some TLC. the DJ was playing all sorts of good music like mariah carey, sir mix a lot, michael jackson, 90s music, and a bunch of top 40. BTW you can hear the DJ/music at the pool on the 31st floor, and if that bothers you then request a room on the other side of the hotel. You will get good sun/tanning exposure at the TI pool up until 8:00 PM (!!!). The A/C worked well, the vent worked well, room service was fast, and housekeeping requests were fast. I wish they had better flat screen TV - it was lagging. The mini-fridge is on the verge of dying. The makeup mirror/bathroom light could use some better light bulbs. Walking distance to the Fashion, McDonalds, Chipotle, Imperial Palace (Hash House a Go Go), and Walgreens.
4	Not bad for the money! The pool was way too crowded. Would go here again if i came back to vegas. We wanted to stay at the paris hotel and we are glad we didnt because it was right in the middle of all of the crazy people bugging you to buys show tickets every 2 feet. That would get really annoying!
4	While the hotel lobby looks a little worn (especially the fading carpet), our room was nice, clean, comfortable, and updated. We were lucky and got a good view of the Strip. I could see Encore, Wynn, and the Palazzo straight out the window. The room price was reasonable, but tax on the room was more than 12%. There's also a nonnegotiable $25 resort fee + tax (it covers internet in the room). (The resort fee total came to $28). Just know that the charges add up.There was a refrigerator (not very cold), but the bed was soft and comfortable.
4	My husband and I have stayed here twice and would stay there again.  There are great places to eat there.  We spent a lot of time in Gilley's because of the fun atmosphere and good food.  It is a nice location with convenient places around it - Starbucks, Walgreens, Tickets 4 Sale.  The rooms are nice with comfy beds, refrigerator and bath tub, perfect for what we needed - didn't spend a lot of time in the room.   Great price for what we got and a great view of the strip. If I had a complaint it would be that children aren't welcome here unless you want to pay more.  We got good prices for the rooms on vegas.com, but when we put in children to stay the price jumped up quickly so if our children are going with us we will definitely stay somewhere else. For my husband and me it was just what we wanted!
5	This review is for the cabana and pool. My family was in town, so we decided to rent a cabana. We chose to come here because they are one of the few places that rents to locals. The cabana was nice. It had everything we needed and we enjoyed it a lot. The cocktail waitress Janelle was very friendly and she kept our drinks coming quick. The cabana host Katie was also super friendly. The kids enjoyed the pool and we all had a lot of fun. However, after our first cocktail waitress finished her shift we got a new girl who was not attentive at all. I'm glad I didn't want anymore to drink or I would have been dying of thirst. Overall, we had a great time and the food and drinks from Kahunaville were excellent! Every one's food was fantastic and tasty. We will definitely be back to rent a cabana and take a dip in the pool. :-)
3	Treasure Island has nice amenities and a great location. My wife and I stayed here with another couple and we had a great time. The rooms were very clean and looked very new and modern. Although there seemed to be an issue with our friends room and the bathroom, the sink had a weird smell coming from it.The location of the hotel was great. Located near the center of the strip, it was minutes away from some other hotels which offered some great nightclubs and shopping. Restaurants in the hotel were average, nothing really stuck out, but plenty of choices inside and nearby. The pool area was really nice with good looking hostesses. The fitness center was really clean and had a lot of equipment and machines available.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, but probably not eat at the restaurants because there are so many better options other places. The casino itself was below average. The short ceilings makes it feel closed off.
3	Not really one of the very good hotels in Vegas but it was alright. I think the hotel needs a lot of remodeling. In general it looks old if I compare it with the other fancy hotels around. The room I stayed in was OK but you can see hidden stains here and there. I would stay at a different hotel next time. The only reason I stayed here because I got a good deal on their website.
4	The price was great! The room was great! Its in a prime location....walking distance to everything. Their buffet is to die for. the only thing lacking was their customer service....for working in a service industry in vegas no less the customer service should be top notch. Always leave it to a few bad apples to ruin it for the bunch.
4	Great location. Good price. Check-in was a breeze as we came on a Thursday afternoon before the weekend rush. Our front desk agent was very friendly and great in suggesting restaurant options. Also she was nice enough to give a us a room with a strip view! *high five!* Within five minutes we were on our way.Treasure Island (TI) is a great location depending on the activities you want to do. Luckily for us majority of the things we did happened to be on our side of the strip. It's within walking distance to the Venetian Shops and Walgreen's and if you go out of the hotel and make a left you hit some shops and restaurants.Their pool is a nice size and plenty of chairs to lay on and you can even order a fruity drink like the Miami Vice (Pina Colada and Strawberry Daiquiri mix) from one of the serving girls while sunbathing! Hungry? Kahunaville has an outdoor patio where you can chill and order some grub.Our room is average, nothing too rave about, and every time we leave and place our "room need to be clean" card in our key card holder it's always clean and towels restock upon our return. It's very welcoming to come back to a clean room after a tiring day in the sun.We didn't have any issues or complaints. Would stay here again to save money esp. since we're not in our room often, but to sleep, shower, or get ready.
4	First time we stayed here.  Didn't expect much for the low price we got on the internet.  But was rather suprised with our stay.  Every staff person I dealt with was friendly.   The hotel and casino is a little worn, but was clean for the most part.  Great location and great views of the strip.  Evelyn at the front desk was extreamly helpful and nice.  The tables were fun and dealers easy to talk too.  Wished the pool area wasn't so crowded, but the pool was nice, enjoyed there being a built in bench around the inside of the pool.  Drinks by the pool weren't too expensive and were tasty.   I had a frozen one with strawberry and pina colada, with toasted coconut.  I could have drank about a gallon of that stuff.   Over all it was a great stay and would stay there again.  Moved over to the Red Rocks Resort for a couple days after we left here, I would have rather stayed here.
4	Got a great deal, 50% off on a room with two queens plus 2 free buffet tickets for one night (even though the online promotion said minimum 2 night stay for the free buffet). The room was clean and comfortable, we had a view of the fireworks from the Sirens show, which wasn't that loud.. The buffet was on par with my college's dining hall, so it wasn't great but it was free! For the price, I'm a fan! It's so close to the Wynn, too, which is beautiful.
3	Treasure Island was a pretty relaxed hotel, it was pretty low-key, I had no huge issues, and the room I stayed in was clean.  It did its job, but that's it.  Nothing about it wowed me.  It's in a good place on the strip, right across from the Venetian, but if you're looking to venture to the other end of the strip on a hot day, I suggest a cab.  The walk becomes a hassle pretty quickly when it's 100+ degrees outside.  The few complaints I had were these:Please, please, please build a "families only" pool and ban anyone under 21 from the regular one.  I really don't understand the draw of bringing your underage offspring to Vegas, since they aren't allowed in the casinos or bars (which happen to make for 90% of Vegas), many of the shows are even 21+, and they create a constant annoyance for the adults who are actually trying to enjoy their vacation without having to dodge kids running through the hallways or banging on the walls in the room next to them (I experienced both).My main complaint about Treasure Island is the pool.  You have a DJ playing club music with a bunch of people (mainly in the 21-35 age range) hanging around drinking beers and relaxing.  Then you have a bunch of toddlers in swimmies and a bunch of 9 year olds jumping and splashing.  Their oblivious parents?  Talking to their friends and not caring that their kid just jumped in the pool and spashed 5 people who are trying to have drinks and relax.  Seriously, the worst part of my stay at Treasure Island was going down to the pool every day and having to deal with the 20 or so kids in the pool doing whatever they wanted and just creating an annoyance to everyone around them.  They all congregate at the steps going into the pool because they are all so small they can't swim anywhere deeper.  Then when adults want to step into the pool they are forced to dodge all of the little ones with fear of knocking them in.  Really, bringing your youngens to Vegas is probably the dumbest thing you can do.The 2nd thing that will definitely stop me from staying here again is the filtration system in the casino.  Last time I was in Vegas I stayed at Aria.  The minute you walk in Aria all you smell is vanilla.  This is mainly to hide the stench of cigarettes.  The vanilla is strong and gives you a headache at first, but you adjust to it pretty quickly, and after the first day at Aria I had no issues with smells of any kind.  Treasure Island is a different story completely.  By the second day my sinuses were history and I was blowing my nose and wiping my eyes every 5 minutes because the smell of smoke was so strong.  It was bad.  Really bad.  And a hotel that charged a $28 a day resort fee should be able to do something better about the smell of smoke, in my opinion.One thing I can compliment is the staff.  Every staff member I encountered was very friendly and helpful.  The waitresses at the pool always had a smile on their face, the cooks at the buffet were always friendly and asked how you were doing, and checking in and checking out was a very pleasant experience.
4	#1 place to stay when coming to Vegas as far as cleanliness and value go together. IT doesn't smell like smoke like most of the other casinos. Nice quiet comfortable rooms with nice TV's, bathrooms and down comforters. Try it next time you're in Vegas!
5	First off they have a great parking lot, so that is a big plus in my book. Overall this is an incredibly fun place without being too rowdy. They have a wide variety of restaurants. The pool is a good size. I haven't stayed there in over 10 years but when I did the room was very nice and they have been redone since then so I am sure it is even better. The Sirens of TI show out front every night is a fun and free diversion, well worth a stop in. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	We stayed here for my buddy's bachelor party. We booked 2 conjoined rooms which were very comfortable. One of the best mattresses i have ever slept on. both rooms had an amazing view of the strip. There are some cool bars and restaurants located here. It is also right across the street from the Wynn, Venetian, and the Palazo so heading out on an adventure is quite simple. My only complain is the check in line as well as the ease of finding your room. You have to take a certain elevator and those elevators are hard to find. Other than that, i would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone who is looking for a good room at a good price.
2	Ever since they re-branded TI from "Treasure Island" they've started to go downhill.We had the Tower Suite, it was nice and big but that's where it ended.The vents were visually clogged with thick dust, pretty gross. The suite has a shallow foyer w/ french door style entry; until 3am we didn't realize the large gap between the floor and bottom of the door.You hear ALL and any noise from the hallway clearly. General noise of people going to their rooms isn't a big deal at all, but the many groups of 20 somethings who only know one voice level(yelling) becomes quite the issue at 3am.Aside from the noise I found the staff to be mediocre. The players club desk was just short of rude, dealers were ok, and bar tenders & sports book were along the same route. The staff at Pho restaurant was excellent.We checked out the next day and went to Paris ito finish the trip; 100% better experience all the way around.If you're into the club crowd then this probably isn't a bad spot for you. I think TI is achieving what they aimed to do - capture the crowd that's looking to be close to the clubs @ Mirage, etc. It's just not my crowd and top that on the cleanliness & service points and I wouldn't stay here again.
3	It was my favorite place to stay and to play in Vegas. But for some reason the machine waitresses got slower and slower  (1hour until you see one, 20 minutes to get the drink you ordered) and the Vallets are full all the time and they you to park your car self. Also for some reason they have a big building site right in the hotel which is very loud sometimes even though it's right the middle of the season. Also the  buffet isn't anymore what It used to be so that lines form in front of the other restaurants as well. It was our 2nd stay there and will probably be the last.
2	Never stay here again (cons)Room was very small, horrible lighting, and the tv in the room was a 32 inch. most rooms have a 37inch, hallways did smell like smoke, casino is small, valet is terrible.  I checked out at noon and waited 40 mins for valet to bring my car. at nighttimes when it wasnt so packed at valet about a 10 min wait.  restaurants (24hour one, vietnamese, pool restaurant) were all over priced and terrible for the price you pay.  The pool area was a joke. By far the smallest pool for a vegas hotel.  DJ sucked.  He played country and 80's.  No one was feeling it on a sat afternoon.  and on the last day everyone in my room all got sick.  Not sure if it was the air, food, but we all got flu-sick.  My good friend stayed here the next weekend and same thing happend to him and his bitches, they all got flu-sick on the last day.(pro's)beds were super comfy, lots of pillows, closet had extra pillows blankets, furniture decor was very nice and modern, and free upgrade view of the strip. best view of the entire strip.
1	Horrible stay, the bed was uncomfortable, the pool was dirty and murky at 9 am when the pool opened. We had a cabana and at mid day they kicked everyone out of the pool for 2hrs because someone had an accident in the pool. They didn't offer to compensate us or anything. We won't stay here again.
4	Got a good deal for a recent quick trip to Vegas.I'd stay here again if there are deals like I got. It's got that early 90's Vegas Strip feel and that is what I like about Vegas. Many of the newer casinos don't "feel" like Vegas to me.TI is great for the adult kids, like myself.
4	Got a good deal through price line. Called to confirm the reservation with TI and was surprised to learn there was a 25.00 resort fee. After finding this out I called price line to voice my opinion which was nothing short of a joke (calls are transferred to the Philippians after a certain time, who basically say they can not help you and write a letter to corporate). Anyways, I was very upset to find out about this fee since several other nice hotels do not charge any resort fee. Called TI again and spoke to the front desk, little did I know if you book through price line the resort fee IS OPTIONAL. In fact when I checked in they didn't even need my credit card or a deposit for security. I stayed at TI for two nights then off to the Palazzo for one night, since I had a comp night there. In comparison of course the Palazzo was way up there and TI was just okay but all in all I very much enjoyed my stay at TI. I liked our room. It even had a cold mini fridge to keep our stuff in. A plasma tv, nice bathroom area. I am not sure why people find it hard to get to the elevators. It is very simple once you check in to go to the elevator to get to your room, no issues there. The tram comes to TI and connects with Mirage, which was very nice.There was ALOT of noise at night because of the show that is put on if you have a strip view room. However on the plus side my child very much enjoyed seeing the fireworks go off at night for the show from our room. We very much enjoyed the pool. Music was playing, but not too loud and crazy. Didn't have to fight for a seat like at Mandalay Bay or Venetian, and it was about 112 degrees outside when we went. The casino was nice. Smaller than some resort hotels but it was nice.I honestly don't really have any complaints about TI and would defiantly stay here again.  Come on 109.00 included taxes out the door for two nights on the strip in Vegas, not too shabby.
3	And oldie but goodie. Haven't stayed here in a while and had some friends stay here over the weekend and went to check it out again. Great place for a decent price. Good location if you're looking for things in that area.
4	We just got home from a two night stay in Vegas.  We got a deal off GroupOn to stay at Treasure Island.  Overall, it was a great experience.  One of the negative things about the hotel was the Front Desk staff.  I did have two women that were nice, but for the most part, whenever I called and ever checking in the women was very rude and not informative at all.  Our deal included a pool cabana, Cirque tickets, and complimentary champagne and strawberries and she gave us no information on what or when to claim these items.  Also, on GroupOn, it said there were over 500 hundred vouchers sold and none of the staff at the front desk seemed to know anything about the deal.  I work in a office where we use the vouchers often and we are trained to know what to do when a client comes in with one.On the plus side, the staff at the box office for Mystere, which was a very impressive Cirque show and would highly recommend it, was wonderful.  He instantly new were had a GroupOn voucher and was getting to know us and being extremely helpful.  And I can't say enough good things about the staff at the pool.  Our cabana supervisor, Scottie, was the most personable guy we met in Vegas.  He checked up on us, made sure all our goodies were stocked constantly and got to know us as well.  He really seemed to be interested in our plans and us which made the pool experience so much more natural and comfortable.  Also our first server of the day, Erin, was so awesome and helpful!  I loved the pool and the DJ.  He played such a variety of music and was taking requests and shout outs.  I would also recommend eating at Kahunaville, an American/Hawaiian fusion restaurant, or Gilley's, a country saloon that serves BBQ and has a great bar!  We ate breakfast and lunch at Kahunaville one day because it was delicious.  Our room was a tower suite with a great view of TI's Sirens Show and the strip!  The most comfortable beds we have ever slept in by far!  Very large and great bathrooms.The new Sirens Show is different.  Very much more Vegasy...there are signs warning parents that it's not for kids.  And it's Vegas...why are you bringing your kids anyways??I would definitely stay at Treasure Island again!  Loved being on the strip and our experience.
2	The Coffee Shop service is slow. Don't waste your time on the burger it was a disaster. Overall the place is ok but it's low class compared to neighboring casinos. I probably wont stay here again.
1	To be fair my preferred travel taste is for 4-5 star properties, especially in Vegas.  I like luxury.  This is a 2-3 star in my opinion, so naturally I will not return.  I would rather pay $200 plus/ night for a really nice property than $100 /night for this place.Let me start of with all my positives.  The room was nothing special but it was clean, had everything we needed.  The beds were comfortable with nice linens.  If you are a light sleeper you dont want to be on side facing pool as you can hear pool dj through the walls.We had to leave the hotel to do everything: gamble, eat, good food, shop, party, see show etc.  Thank goodness the hotel is well located close to some pretty nice properties.  Oh! another positive:  There is a Starbucks in the casino.  Usually not a big deal to me but I'm struggling here for positives. The casino here is terrible.  It really feels like a GreyHound Bus terminal. They literally had duct tape on the rugs as you walk into the casino.  The tape seem to be used to tape them to the floor.  Ugh!!  Really nice first impression.   I have been to nicer Casinos on Indian Reservations in LA and OKLA.  REALLY!!  We waited in line for over an hour just to check in.  Every time I was in the Casino I felt like I wanted to just get out of there.  The ceilings are low, and everything is jam packed in there.  Including all the people.    Seven ladies dressed to the nines looked very out of place walking through the casino, in fact we looked LOST!  "If Bellagio is the Queen Mary II, TI is a Carnival Cruise"   Sunday at the pool we got a cabana and being a pack of women footloose and fancy free for the weekend we made our own silly fun here all day.  The cute little cocktail waitresses in red hot bikinis took great care of us and a good time was had by all.  No complaints on our day at the pool.  Not fancy, but again- no big deal.  Do your homework.  You can get a room for less the $200/night on the strip at places like Wynn, The Hotel, Ceasars, Mirage, MGM etc- stay anywhere- dont stay here!!  I have no complaints about any of the staff or service at the hotel.  They were all friendly and hospitable.This was a girls trip to celebrate my Youngest Sister's Graduation, so regardless of our hotel choice, we had a wonderful time.One of the girls found the deal $169 for 2 nights, which after taxes and resort fees etc ended up being $220 for 1 of our rooms.  I did not get this deal and my sister and I paid $350 for 2 nights.
4	Great rooms with the players club room comps! Our free 2 night stay was awesome! Our room was right over the pirate show, facing the strip, and the room was huge! It was a Great Success!
2	I was debating hard on what to rank TI...Gonna call this a 2.49...I went with this low rating for a few reasons I will name later but also came up with it because I have never ever once won a nickel at the tables or on the machines at this casino! So I may be a tad prejudiced with this review!! Well here goes my thoughts on this place. This place is so hit or miss!!! The line to check in ...SUCKS ..almost always takes forever unless you are on a com'd deal , then its fantastic because the players club line is almost always empty!! The pool area, just is not all that great .   C+ in my book.  I have always had inconsistent service here even though the waitresses outfits do help the frustration of having to wait for a cocktail.  The daybeds to lay on run about $35 during the week, not bad. The rooms here are nice. The beds have always been nice. My rooms have had a frig in them , which is virtually a no-no anymore in Vegas! Well a frig where you can actually store things anyway. The casino floor stinks. I hate the layout completely.  The dealers here are like robots. Just boring! I cant tell you how many times I have seen almost no one even at the tables. The siren show that starts at night is fine. Begins about every 90 minutes. The girls are beautiful and its fun to see ..ONCE(well maybe twice)...then its complete boredom. Their long running show Mystere is very good, but its time to bring in something new. I mean how many times can you see these circus shows, especially the same one? You can get really good room/show deals though if you have never seen Mystere, look on the website for TI and stay during the week! The restaurants at TI are pricey and very inconsistent. Senor Frogs is not good at all while Kahunaville(coupons galore) is not bad and the party bar next door is a blast and the only night spot in this place that seems to get carried away!! Shots are flying there!! Gilleys has always been boring when we have been and the food beyond overpriced for what you get.  The Breeze Bar near the entrance is hit or miss as well, but sometimes late gets really going. The coffee shop is good for breakfast but of course way overpriced. $15 for eggs bacon and coffee. Phils Steakhouse is very average for the money. Its expensive and one would think you would leave with your mouth begging for more. Not the case here. Portobella starter good, French onion soup not bad, Filet ok, crab good, lobster not cooked right, Halibut just very average...It was not bad overall  but for $105 each....umm...it should be a hell of alot better! This casino runs quite a few specials. LOOK for them online or make sure you are signed up for their players club! They run specials for locals often too. I would never pay up to stay at TI, but I guess if I get it for free up to $70. I would consider it for the price and location. Dont forget they whack you for a very expensive resort fee. Anyway dont let one of the Sirens of TI throw you off the plank here ...or come to think of it  maybe getting captured by them isnt such a bad idea and would make your rating rise to a much higher level!! ARgh!!
4	This Place has changed since a long time ago. Early check in, clean hotel, free champagne, "ok room" and ok price, though the resort fee sucks. By no means a 5 star hotel, but the vaue and complete package is a 4 star, with easy walking distance to mall and the wynn.
4	good place to stay, the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. The room was clean and roomy.
4	I enjoyed my low-key stay here just fine. There was a great promotional price that helped get me in the door -- and I'm glad to have met TI's acquaintance. They have recently undergone a complete renovation.  From the moment I walked into Treasure Island, there was a professional touch that I appreciated. A lady who was cleaning a heavily trafficked door opened another door for me, whose hands were full. At Check-in, the way the associate carefully and with two-hands returned important things like Drivers License, Credit Card, was so specific and intentional, I liked it.My room was comfy, clean and relatively spacious; the King bed gave me a good sleep. The in-room internet worked generally very well. I upgraded to the Strip View for a few bucks more to insure a higher floor, and that's recommended if you're at all concerned about possible noise. I was actually across from the ice machine -- but was not disturbed. The bathroom was just fine --- nothing terribly new about that, but it certainly was functional, spacious and clean.I did not eat in the restaurants, including the buffet. The reviews were beyond dreadful for The Coffee Shop, and ironically, the line was huge for it the one time I considered going. I'm not a big fan of Canter's in Los Angeles, so no need for me to try it in LV. I wound up across the street at the Venetian for breakfast. The Oleksandra Spa, on the Third Floor, looks very nice -- and you walk into it in order to reach the Fitness Center. If you're at all serious about working out, you should be good here. The machines are Precor (not my favorite, but certainly fine), and the free weights are ready to go. A nice touch I found, in the morning, is fresh fruit (apples, bananas etc). Very glad to see this! They have bottled water here, too. The Resort Fee of $25 was a reasonable deal, I felt, given the handful of services and coupons included. Overall, TI worked great. It could be for business or pleasure, and I'd be glad to return.
5	This was a fabulous Hotel & Casino!!! We shall stay here again. It's so convenient to have Walgreens across the street & the Mall also. We loved it, we were there for our anniversary & they sent complimentary champagne to our room. A must stay!!!
4	Let me start off my saying I'm a Palazzo girl through and through.  That is always my first choice of hotel whenever I find myself in Vegas.  BUT, sometimes the cost can be a bit too much.  I planned a long weekend of fun for my son and I and we ended up booking at TI.  I won't lie ... I was nervous because it's VERY different from the Palazzo, but you know what?  We loved it and had a great time.Check-in was a breeze and our strip view room was great.  Our agenda was to be poolside by day and dining out at fabulous restaurants by night.   Done and done.The pool was super fun!  While you couldn't place your lounge chairs IN the pool (like you can at the Palazzo), they had bench seating all the way around the pool so you could easily kick back and enjoy the sun from there.  We also rented a couple of day beds so we could ensure our sunning comfort.  A DJ plays from 12-6 which really helped the vibe.  The crowd was a total mix of kids, 20-somethings and up.  Overall, I absolutely enjoyed by stay there and would stay again.
4	As far as rooms go, I think TI is terrific bang for the buck. Only $40/night on weekdays, and considering that $29/night gets you into Luxor or Excalibur, I would say that dollar for dollar, TI value goes further. My complaint is that the dining kind of sucks at TI, so you almost certainly have to go elsewhere for that. But the rooms are okay, and the location on the Strip isn't bad either. Gambling scene isn't terrific, but there are low limit tables if you're into that, anything higher limit you'd probably consider going somewhere else.
3	The show outside is a little disappointing. Being Vegas, the inside labyrinth is intentionally confusing. It's pretty dark and unwelcoming inside, but the pool area is nice and the Seigfried and Roy attraction is very enjoyable.
3	The room I got was nice.  It was on the 6th floor but super long walk to my room.  They really crank the AC in the hallways....super cold lol  The pool was decent but wish they had more seating or a better way of cleaning up the towels that people have left so we can actually sit down and not worry we are taking someones spot.  The food selection at the hotel is Ehh...and we tried the buffet and it was super gross never again.  They need to make the food taste much better.  Pasta station was super bland and had very little flavor when the cook made the dish for me.I like Gilley's bar and it was super fun.  Staff was great and friendly.I will stay again :)
3	We stayed here for three nights over Labor Day weekend. I was really apprehensive about it after reading some Yelp reviews, but it turned out to be a good stay.There were a LOT of people there. Check-in went relatively smoothly considering the massive amount of people that were checking in on Friday afternoon-- I think we were in line about 30 min. The room was pretty clean-- bed was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was nice, but they were very skimpy with the towels.Casino leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't like hanging out here at all. The ceilings seem really low or something. I much preferred going across the street to the Palazzo or Venetian. One of the nicest things about TI is the location-- right in the middle of the strip.Price was a little higher than usual because of the holiday weekend, but it wasn't outrageous. $25/ day resort fee was reasonable I guess-- you get internet, gym, and some restaurant and drink coupons.We ate at the buffet which was fine. Otherwise, we went elsewhere for food, drinking and gambling. Oh, by the way, there were a LOT of little kids there. I am one of those who really doesn't understand why you would bring little kids to Vegas, but TI seems like a good place to stay if you are planning to do that.I might stay here again if I got a really good deal.
3	Its an ok hotel.  The rooms are decent.  Its a little dated.  Has some good restaurants though.
4	The hotel is beautiful, like most of the Vegas hotels, its got a view but when i was there, there was construction across the street and the view wasn't that great. I enjoyed the pool, bars and casino with in the hotel but i was disappointed that Treasure Island doesn't have any connecting hotels so we couldn't go to other hotels pools. The rooms are clean and look very nice. Over all i enjoyed my stay.
1	What a horrible stay. First at check in we asked for a price match and the manager didn't bother coming to talk to us and since they already had my money the desk clerk said no and turned around and walked off... RUDE! Next day we rented a motorcycle and did some riding.. Parked in the TI parking garage next to a booth marked security.. Got up the next morning to return the motorcycle and someone had stolen the bags. Security and the hotel were totally dismissive and take No responsibility at all. Went and tried to speak to the manager at the hotel and he told me to call their people that handle that.. Monday-Friday 9-5... And without any shred of compassion turned his back to me and walked away. Cost of room... Almost $600.00. Cost to replace saddlebags stolen in their garage.. $1200.00.. Price of snobby disrespectful hotel staff... Priceless and gets them a no return visit from us and telling all our friends and co-workers how these people treat their guests. Beware customer service does not exist here.
4	Second time visit Vegas.  With the price, I have nothing to complain.  We got really good deal online, and the room is decent.  The location is great.  On the strip, easy to go everywhere you want on the strip.
3	I stayed here over the Labor Day weekend, and the stay was better than expected. When we first arrived we were going to valet because it's not an extra charge, just tip, but the valet was full and we just parked in the structure.  During the summer the structure can feel hotter than it is outside, so just be warned.The rooms were clean, the room I was in had a view of the pool area, which I didn't visit because the friends I went with didn't want to go and I didn't want to go there by myself.  The rooms were a little dated, but there was a flat screen in the room to make it more modern.  I thought the beds were comfortable.  My only complaint is the lack of available electrical outlets.  There was one at the desk and maybe two more in the bathroom.  You stay with four people in the room, four cell phones (you know everyone probably has a smartphone), three plugs you do the math.There is a monorail the takes you to the Mirage, but it's not 24 hours, it closes at 1 or 2am depending on the day.  This was not a bad stay.  For Vegas, as long as the hotel is clean, I'll be happy.
5	We stayed at TI just a few days ago and had a fabulous time. Clean and updated rooms, good casino and friendly staff. Check in was quick and location was great. Across from Venetian and next to Mirage and Fashion Show Mall. Would stay here again every time.
4	We stayed here for Labor Day Weekend with a group of 9 girls. We were on the 23rd Floor with a Junior Suite and Connecting King Room. In total we had three bathrooms, two beds and a huge couch - more than enough space for all of us and the view of the strip and the fireworks show was phenomenal! The renovation was appreciated by all: updated bathrooms, furniture, and technology made the room elegant feeling and a great value for the little that we paid. Only downfall to the guest room: Not much lighting in the room intself. The bathrooms were well equipped and I guess that is what really matters. Great location on the strip for going to Tao, XS, and Tryst, walking distance to all of them. Also close to the mall and the Venetian for more shopping. We went to Pho in the hotel after a night of going out - the food was a bit expensive but the portions were GIANT and really yummy. The hotel also has a really fun Cowboy Bar - Gilley's that we went to almost every night. Drinks are much less than you will pay anywhere else in Vegas so it was a great place to pre-drink before we went to the Clubs at night. We went to the pool one day after going to the Encore Beach Party. The pool was fun, there was a DJ and a pretty big crowd dancing and hanging out pool side - a good option if you just want to stay on property but get the feel that you went to a Pool Party. Would def stay here again, espcially if the price is right. Be aware there is a $25/day resort fee.
5	WOW! The service was amazing here, had a quick check in and the desk definitely helped us out with all of our needs. We also ordered room service and it was quick! The food was amazing. Definitely a nice place to stay, the rooms were super clean and I absolutely loved how it was laid out. I shared a room with two of my girl friends and two queen sized beds and a lot of space to put our stuff was perfect!
3	Treasure Island was kind of a disappointment for me. I stayed here with a few girlfriends for a bachelorette party and I really wanted to love it but I just didn't!ROOM: The room was just ok. It was clean but not very roomy. I thought the room was rather small. The bathroom was clean though, bonus points there! Another bonus was the radio/alarm dock in the room so I was able to play my music from my phone while we were getting ready to head out. The gross part was that my comforter had these nasty looking stains on them! At least swap them out for a comforter that doesn't have stains! Yuck!CASINO: T.I is pretty big, filled with tons of slot machines and tables. The tables were always packed and the limits were pretty high. I actually got lost a few times heading up to my room! But like any other casino/hotel, once you're there long enough you eventually figure out your way around. What I really didn't like was how I had to play MAX on video poker in order for my drinks to be compt. And on top of that, the bartender paced us, only allowing us to order drinks between 15 minute intervals, super LAME! Read my review for Harrahs and you'll see why this is super lame!STAFF: Besides the bartender eyeing every drink we ordered and double checking to make sure we were playing MAX bet, the staff was friendly and attentive.What I do like about T.I is that I was able to sign up for a slot play and I actually came in third place and won $150 credits on my T.I card, whoo-hoo! I took my credit to the high limit slots and played there and won like $200! Totally made my last day in Vegas! T.I was just ok for me. It's at the end of the strip too. Would I stay here again? Most likely not unless it's free!
3	TI was is a nice hotel right on the strip. I was actually expecting more to be quite honest. The room was basic, small, but clean and nice. The casino was basic and there was one crazy bar downstairs as well. I just wasn't blown away by it. I love how the resort fee needs to be added on if you book from an outside service. The front staff was very helpful in getting me the room I wanted, that was for certain. I was hoping with a casino open all night there might be some food. The casino was fine, I just always hope the drinks come fast. The dealers were friendly and the pit bosses were nice about minimums. Still....I wasn't overly blown away. The location is great. There is a $7 shuttle to the airport (do this!! not the cab). Still, I wasn't stunned with the place.
5	Pretty decent! Check in was quick, room was recently renovated and very modern and clean, we got a free upgrade to strip view, and oh yeah, the best part? The smell. This was the only casino I visited that didn't reek of cigarette smoke and cheap air freshener. Were there people smoking? Absolutely. But their air freshener (which is strong, so be warned) took care of it completely. It's like a floral vanilla scent. I saw the fireworks from the Pirate Hoochie show from my room.
5	BY FAR THE BEST STAY EVER IN VEGAS! We paid $55 a nite for 3 nites for a standard room, I read on thetwentydollartrick.com if you tip the front desk a $20 along with your ID when you check in and ask for a complimentary upgrade you'd probably get one & boy did we ever! We ended up in a Double door Suite on the 24th floor with separate his & hers bathrooms, an AMAZING King Bed, Huge Flat screen TV, living room w/a queen sofa bed and she even threw in a bottle of Champange! Access to your room is awesome, just a short walk from the strip. Nice internet room & Gym that's included in the resort fee.  They also threw in a ton of coupons for various things at their property. This place was amazing!!! Very clean, accomodating in every sense from the Valet to the Bar/Casino staff. Buffet was good and we got 2 for 1 passes, saw Bill Cosby perform for $50, had a ball in the Kahunaville Bar & Restaurant & Oxygen bar, food is great there. The pool is beautiful but smaller than we expected, Surprisingly enough there were plenty of chairs & room at the pool. TI sits in the heart of the strip next to all the really high end casinos so there's tons of things to see & do close by. The pirate show was awesome, don't miss it. I rate this place a 5 star, we scored big & enjoyed everything about TI, We'll definitely try to stay there again in the future.
3	Fifty-six years old and this was my very first (ever) trip to LV. I chose this hotel on the recommendation of a friend plus it was one of the few available for a one night Saturday stay on Memorial Day weekend. I drove into town and the hotel parking was easy to find. It was a hike from the parking deck to registration so pack light and wear comfortable shoes. Thanks to my sherpa guide provided by the hotel.Check-in seemed to take forever but in reality it was "only" 50 mins. I can't blame the hotel staff for this; it seemed almost everyone was a self appointed VIP with a list of special requests  who found it difficult to treat the staff with common civility.  The others were European tourists who nodded their heads eagerly to everything but clearly had no idea what was going on.I had reserved a room with a Strip view at an extra cost but was then told that a reservation for a specific room type was in no way a guarantee that would be the room you'd actually get. I was down-graded to a different category with no assurance that the rate would be adjusted. Welcome to Las Vegas.The room: Once upstairs the accommodations were clean, bright and spacious. Everything that was supposed to work worked well; flat screen television, wi-fi, comfortable bed. The bathroom was large with plenty of little shampoo bottles and large towels. The pool: well maintained with plenty of comfortable chairs. I had barely settled in when a roving server showed up to take my drink order. The water was clear but without the overpowering stench of chlorine. There was a good sized crowd with the usual assortment of big people in small Speedos, screaming kids, Jersey Shore types and cooler-than-thou Vegas veterans. One thing was apparent; everyone was out to have a good time and a good time was being had by all.Dining: It was a busy, high traffic weekend and as expected there were lines for everything. I had picked up my girlfriend from the airport (excellent directions provided by the staff) and we were both hungry and tired. We opted for the buffet and weren't disappointed. It may not have been high-end pretentious gourmet but the food was fresh, well prepared and well presented. The selection was huge and the lines moved quickly. Casino: I'm not a gambler so that wasn't a factor in my stay. However, I was up early and went down to get coffee at the adjacent Starbucks. The casino was nearly empty so I went to the craps table and asked if they could show me how to play. They were very friendly and helpful. I ended up getting a "free" lesson (not counting the $30 I wagered and loss) from the two dealers and a pit boss. Bar: We only went to one and I forget its' name. It was crowded, smokey and loud. The floor was sticky from countless spilled margaritas. In other words, it was just what I was hoping it would be. To sum up: Other travelers have raked this property over the coals. Maybe they were bounced out their regular suite at the Cosmopolitan or the Four Seasons and were expecting a $600 a night experience for $75. The TI doesn't aspire to be anything it isn't. I come from solid Brooklyn working class roots and that's just what this property caters to. I paid a premium rate for coming in mid-weekend on Memorial Day and I have no one to blame but myself. Weekday rates are extremely reasonable and if there weren't so many other hotels to experience I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Was here just to see the sirens if TI show which was amazing.
3	I recently stayed here and the experience was ok. The furniture in the rooms were kinda old (must have been a room that wasn't renovated?) the buffet was bleh, and customer service was ok. Experience didn't match the price but we were in Vegas!
2	Not impressed.  This review is for a trip back in June of this year.  We had a Groupon deal for 2 days and 2 nights, 2 tickets to Cirque de Solei, pool cabana reservations for a day, and a bottle of champagne with chocolate covered strawberries.  We were charged extra for the show, and by extra I mean full ticket price for two seats.  This was resolved, fairly quickly, but unfortunately wasn't the last financial problem.  We were charged for strawberries and champagne, and to top it off we were charged for the room.  I noticed all this once we were back home and received my credit card statement.  They had no idea how to deal with Groupon deals apparently.  I pity anyone else who bought this deal.  Wouldn't stay there again, especially since the suites are outdated by 20 years at least.
1	The DEPRESSING country music in the Gilley's blackjack pit makes everyone want to fall asleep or cry.  If you must play country, at least pick something a little catchy and upbeat!
1	Such a dirty hotel. Bad experience for sure. Stains on the sheets and filthy furniture. Don't waste your time here. Checked in and immediately left.
2	We were actually there for my child's 9th birthday. She wanted to see a Cirque show - and Mystere was one of the kid friendly ones. I just didn't want to be trekking the strip at night with 2 young kids. Prior to a couple months ago, I had never stayed anywhere in Vegas except the Bellagio - so my expectations ...........I got the feeling that they are definitely moving away from the "kid friendly" vibe this place used to have.First - "TI" as they now call it is not part of any of the "groups" in Vegas. So they don't "know" you unless you have stayed there before.The rooms were ok - smaller than what I am used to, esp for a family of 4 (2 Adults, 2 Kids). Clean... but definitely dated. The beds... OMG - if I could have packaged up the bed and taken it home! The mattress and linens were luxurious!The pool area was decent... went there mainly for the kids. Just a pool/cabana's.The resort fee is a bunch-o-crap .. I don't care if it is now the industry norm. You book online and pay for the room, then they hit you up for more money when you get there? Bad business IMO.TIP -- don't go see the "pirate" show out front with the little ones. Should be considered soft porn.... even for the strip.
2	So many complaints with this place. The room had a strong smell of mildew. When we arrived, the room had been used before (rumpled sheets, trash in the trash can, unwrapped toiletries). Called front desk and seeing as it was 11 at night agreed to just have the sheets changed and forego a full cleaning. Were told the staff is coming "right away." The staff never showed up, so by 12:30 we were so exhausted we just crashed.The bathroom and A/C are seriously outdated. Small shower head with bad water pressure, had to really pound on the switch to even get it to go into shower mode, had to hold the handle for full duration to get the toilet to flush. A/C doesn't set to a temperature, but has a basic "heat"/"cool"/fan speed settings - I haven't seen that in a while. Carpet looked dirty.Room had no water, no coffee and weirdest of all no clock of any kind so to tell time, I had to look at my phone each time.When we were leaving and picking up our car from valet, they just let our car sit there until we finally spotted it on the far side of the road and walked to it carrying our own bags only to discover it was locked, so had to trekk back to get the keys from valet station. Good location and the bed was comfy but not staying here again - gonna try Mirage or Caesar's next, they are similar in price.
4	While there are bigger hotels and hotels with more glam, TI is clean and located in a good spot on the strip.I like TI because when you come in from being out you do not have to walk a mile to find the hotel lobby or a way to get to your rooms. I love that each room has its own safe. The bathrooms are clean and well stocked with towels, soaps and shampoo. I have stayed in pretty much every room but for the penthouse and have never found fault with any of them. Just came back from TI last week.Hotel buffet is not what it use to be and personally I would by pass it all together. First time we rented a car while there and I found the valet parking to be fast and easy. Will stay there again.
4	This would be a 5 star review - but epic fail occurred  at the main entrance bar last night . The bartender stole my credit voucher ! all of $5.50 what a loser . I love TI and stay here as an invited guest VIP . I returned to the video poker bar and challenged the server with the GM and or security .... no need for that he knew I had him and he returned my credit voucher . This left me with a choice - Do i report him and seek retribution? or just give my $5.50 voucher too the shoe shine boy in the restroom?LOLI gave the $5.50 too the shine boy and laughed about the incident with my wife ! I mean really what a loser , cost his resort a star and will get caught stealing bye his next victim without a doubt.TI is great and Yay! I'm a fan .
4	Hotel room is clean and roomy. The bed is comfortable and big. Really good value for the size of room and the location on the strip is quite central. The queue to check in is LONG and they only had 2 staff but 6 counters.
4	I thought this place was a really good place to stay at. No one stays in their hotel room when they're in Vegas anyways. We rented 3 rooms and it was cool because 2 of them were connected by a door so it was almost like 1 big room. The rooms were a decent size and 2 full sized beds - 6 people fit reasonable comfortable in a room. They had a TV and an ironing board. Good size bathroom. Lot of counterspace for makeup and hair supplies. One complaint though. I was in the middle of a shower and the water suddenly went super cold! What is that all about?I like how they spit the elevators so that if you were on the top floors, you don't have to stop at all the lower one before reaching yours. We had a really good view of the strip and it was walking distance to a lot of the places we went to. Overall, I would stay here again!
3	How to say, how to say....there's no reason TO stay there, but there's also no reason to NOT say there. The fact is, there's 15 other hotels with pretty much the exact same rates and rooms as TI. So, if you can get a deal, go for it. I got one on Vegas.com and the strip view upgrade was basically free, so I took it. My husband loves pirates, so that's the main reason I chose it over the other 15 hotels with pretty much the exact same rates and offerings. I will say the hotel has done a major overhaul. They no longer refer to themselves as "Treasure Island" but as the more swag-a-rific "TI" instead. With the name change came the demise of about 90% of the pirate themeing they once had.Service: The lady who checked my friend and I in was super helpful. We explained to her that we would like adjoining rooms if possible, or at least as close as possible. She paged through all the rooms for a solid 10 minutes trying to find us linking rooms. Eventually she apologized and told us she looked through everything and the best she could do were 2 rooms on the same floor. Not exactly what we wanted, but I really appreciated her trying hard to find us something. Rooms: The rooms were totally fine. They must have done an upgrade within the last couple of years because the furniture was updated, but the bones of the place showed some age. The room was totally clean though, and the BED WAS GREAT!!! Because the bed was so comfortable, I would consider re-booking TI over another hotel of similar rates in the future because I know I will be comfortable. Location: The location is okay. It's towards the end of one side of the strip, so  a walk to somewhere like Flamingo is going to take a while. There's a shuttle that goes back and forth from Mirage. I prefer the location of somewhere like Planet Hollywood or Caesar's (more centralized) but it wasn't terrible. Food: Upon check-in I received a voucher for buy 1 get 1 free at their buffet for ANY time. I dug that. We decided to go to "brunch" the Sunday we were there. The wait was about 15-20 mins. We thought it was pretty good, and it was a champagne brunch for only $24 for TWO of us with the voucher. They had a lot of choices, and I would return to their buffet even if we weren't staying at that hotel.I would probably try a new hotel next time within the same price range, but I definitely wouldn't rule out staying here again if I got a good deal.
4	I could start this Yelp review by making some cheesy comparison to hidden treasures, but I won't. Treasure Island (or TI as they call it now) is not The Bellagio, or the Wynn, but it is a fantastic value for the money, particularly if you can get it on Priceline. PROS-If you enjoy shopping, there's probably not a better place to be as the Fashion Show Mall is directly next door and accessible by sky bridge, the Forum Shops at Caesar's are adjacent to the neighboring Mirage hotel, and the shops at The Venetian and Palazzo are right across the street (also by sky bridge). -The hotel is well-designed and it will take you no more than 5 minutes to get from reception to the guest elevators. There are several bays, and each elevator is designated only to go to a specific set of floors, which prevents overcrowding. If you've ever had to walk through a casino for 20 minutes to get to your room, or waited in a packed elevator bay at rush, you'll really appreciate this.-Though the hotel does have a resort fee like most outside of the Caesar's Entertainment chain, it is OPTIONAL. If you don't plan on using the WiFi or the fitness center or using the 2 for 1 buffet passes, you can opt out of the $25/day fee. I wish other hotels that had resort fees would do this.-Beds are comfy and conducive to a good night's sleep. Or spending all day curled in the fetal position, praying for the pounding in your head to stop. (see next point)-The bathroom is relatively spacious, and the floor is comfortable. Let's be real. No one talks about bathroom floors in these reviews, but it's not a real trip to Vegas without a massive hangover, and you might be spending a lot of time in here. The bathroom floor is marble, and feels very cool to the touch. The vanity runs the length of the wall and is completely open underneath without cabinet space, so you can pull a pillow in here and lay under the vanity if you need to be close to the toilet but want to get out of the light. The bathtub is actually spacious as well; I've got broad swimmer's shoulders and I had plenty of room.CONS-The pool area was closed when I went, even though it was 80+ degrees outside, and it looked rather sad compared to some of the others in Vegas. - Food is EXPENSIVE. A large cheese pizza will set you back $29.00 at the hotel pizzeria, and a supreme is $39.50. Kahunaville had specials late at night, but the atmosphere gets a bit obnoxious after about 8pm.-If you opt out of the resort fee (25/day) and want to use the WiFi, it costs $19.95 for a rolling 24 hour period. They put a 100 dollar authorization on your card for every day you stay at the hotel when you select an auxiliary service like WiFi, even if you only elect to use it for one day. This is ridiculous. TIPS -If you're not looking for fine dining, take advantage of the food courts at the Fashion Show Mall next door, or across the street at the Palazzo. The hotel buffet is underwhelming, even when 2 for 1.-There is a 24-hour Walgreens directly across the street from the hotel via sky bridge at the Palazzo. Go here for all of your sundry needs, snacks and sodas. They also have a full liquor selection so that you can pre-party before dealing with the sticker shock of drink prices at Vegas nightclubs.-If you like shows, Mystere plays at TI, and Beatles' LOVE (both Cirque du Soleil shows) plays at The Mirage next door. NEVER pay full price for tickets to Vegas shows. Half-Price Tickets has a kiosk right outside of the Fashion Show Mall right next door. -Though the food prices can be a bit much in general, the $4.00 to-go tiramisu at the in-house pizzeria is pretty good. Make sure you're eating it over a table or with a napkin on your lap though; it's topped with lots of chocolate shavings, and it won't be pretty if one slips and melts on your clothes. -There is a 24 hour Starbucks inside the hotel, but it is not corporate-owned and does not have free WiFi. The Starbucks right outside of the Fashion Show Mall does have free WiFi, though.
3	Definitely a value hotel. They even upgraded us to a suite (totally awesome) but the hotel really looked like it could use some solid maintenance. Still, for the price not bad at all... and do NOT forget to check out the spa!
4	Went on a business trip and I enjoyed it, no complaints. The show was fun. The room was clean and room service was great. I would stay there again. It was quite a few years ago so not sure if it's changed since then.
4	It has been about seven years since my wife and I last stayed at the Treasure Island.  From what I noticed, the rooms have been remodeled as well as the carpets in the hallways. Also, the Social House and some other restaurants and bars are no longer located in the Treasure Island. The reason we like staying at this casino is the location. It's right next to the Fashion Show Mall and it's right across the street from the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn and Encore. We paid a decent price for five nights over Thanksgiving weekend. Our room had a view of the strip and The Sirens show. Our deal included two free buffets which we could only use on Wednesday, Friday or the Monday before we left. They are not valid on the weekend or holidays. I ended up giving them away to a homeless person who was begging on the bridge over to Fashion Show Mall. The only complaint I had about this casino was the ventilation system. It pales in comparison to the newer hotels. I wish they would offer non-smoking sections. By the time we departed, my eyes were completely red from all the smoke in the air. Other than that, I think this a great hotel. The maid service and the other employees at the hotel were all friendly and very accommodating.
2	Went here a month ago b/c of a Groupon offer.  I should've passed on the Groupon and applied the money towards a better hotel.   We did not get a strip view (as promised on Groupon) upon arriving.  We asked to upgrade to a suite and was told they had it available which made me slightly happier.  After 30 mins of, an obviously new front desk worker, tapping away at his computer he tells us it is non smoking which is a no-no for us.  That started our trip with 2 let downs.The room was decent, bathroom was decent.  Not decent enough for their regular price they charge tho.  Their casino?  Extremely boring.  I'm a Vegas head, I go once a month, occasionally twice and TI will be a last resort  if all the hotels on the strip are booked up.
4	Stayed here in a Deluxe Room on 11/30/12-12/2/12.Arrival/Check-In: Easy to access the hotel from Las Vegas Blvd. and Spring Mountain. Only downside was the horribly designed parking structure and the long walk to the check in counter. There was complimentary early check-in that day (10am!) which was cool! Check in took about 15 minutes around 2:30pm.Price: Got a great deal here for about $180 for 2 nights on Vegas.com (plus 2 free buffets). Added on was a $25/night resort fee and subtracted was a $15 Vegas.com discount code, bringing my 2-night total to a very reasonable $215.The $25/night resort fee is high, even for Vegas, but I found it to be bearable. Includes wi-fi, fitness center access, newspaper, printing/calling/faxes, 2-for-1 on cocktails and buffet (M-F only), and $20 for a future visit.Location: Great for what my girlfriend and I had planned: A Friday night trip to Surrender and touring around the north end of the strip. There is a free tram to the Mirage and a crosswalks right by the hotel, making the north end of the strip entirely walkable. Although the hotel lacks a major worthwhile attraction aside from Cirque du Soleil's Mystere show, its proximity to places like Wynn/Encore's clubs or Venetian's shops makes up for it - all at a fraction of the cost.Hotel: Well laid out. Easy and to find your way around and quick elevators up to your room (they're divided up, so my 26th floor room elevator was for floors 25-30, plus the spa and ballroom floors). The hotel itself is not flashy like the ones surrounding it, but it's still very nice and made me feel comfortable. Room: I loved the room! Clean, luxurious, and very functional. The beds were amazing and left me ready and energized the next day following 2 long nights out. Bonuses included was a small refrigerator (no minibar crap inside), safe, a lot of counter space, and an ironing board/iron. The bathroom was contemporary and luxurious as well, featuring a makeup mirror, a well-built bath tub, and toiletries from their in-house spa.Gambling: Came up $25 on 5cent slots! hahahaFood: Ate at the TI buffet. Middle of the road, but hey, with a free pass or the included 2-for-1 it's worth a quick meal. Did not get a chance to check out the other places. My girlfriend ordered a drink from the Starbucks inside the hotel - skip this one and try the one on the strip instead.Amenities: Did not take advantage of these aside from the wi-fi, unfortunately. If I had more time I would have liked to check out the fitness center. The Sirens of TI did not interest me (The Yelp gods warned me it was not worth my time).Check out: Fast and easy via TV. Late check out was granted to me so that was cool.Overall: I had a wonderful time at TI. I got a tremendous deal but my stay was so good that I would not hesitate to stay here again even if I had to pay a little more. The comfortable rooms were just what I was looking for and its location on the strip should make for quite an appeal to those who want to go out and have someplace nice to come back to. I will be coming back here in the future, hopefully to catch Mystere. My trip to TI was definitely one to be treasured. Great value, great rooms, great location, and a very pleasant stay. 4/5.
3	Clean, decent, nothing fancy.  Slots felt tight.  Had fun at the craps table though.  I'd stay here again if I could get a room in the 50 to 80 range.
4	Regardless of all the negatives shown on Yelp we went anyway for a party. The hotel room was clean, bathrooms clean and the entire stay was perfect. Would definitely stay again. The rates cannot be beat. The smoke in the casino was well removed and the food in house was great. Do not believe all that you read.
4	I have only stayed at one hotel in Vegas.  It was terrible.  Treasure Island is not crappy.  Despite a room rate change, which they promptly lowered to the correct rates, I was completely satisfied with my stay. The rooms have a nice contemporary design, with nice colors.  The king sized bed was incredibly comfortable.  I even appreciated one soft pillow and one firmer pillow.  The bathroom was quite large.  Even the toiletries had a nice scent to them.  We were on the 11th floor, with a view of the Strip.  I found myself sitting in a comfortable lounge chair and staring out at the movement and lights.  Check in was easy.  The clerk was helpful and pleasant.  My one complaint was the smoke right by the room elevators.  For whatever reason, the filters for the ventilation couldn't really compensate for the smoke right there.  Everywhere else in the casino was fine.  I couldn't smell smoke.  But, everytime we went by the elevators, it was super strong.  I did end up gambling about $20.  (For me, that is a lot.)  I stayed for about an hour at the Star Wars Droid Hunt game.  Super fun.  Those game companies know how to keep us entertained! Not the fanciest place, but not shabby.  Parking is easy and it is right off the freeway.  We ended walking pretty much everywhere we needed to go.  I will be back, the next time I decide to go to Vegas.
3	Not the best by any stretch in LV, but certainly not the worst.   The good is that the rooms are nice, quiet and clean, with comfy bed and good TV.    The not-so-good is the long check-in line or the bars and dining venues in the main floor casino area.  However a nice touch is the Starbuck's with two locations on site. The lodging prices are reasonable and TI is very central with a bridge to Venetian/Palazo across the street.
5	Great beds, nice view/location, and reasonably priced. Will return.
2	Used to be kind of a cool casino but it's starting to feel run down.  If you stay there bring your own towels.  OMG my husband and I stayed there last night and they have those towels like they'd give you at an indoor pool in a chain hotel.  They are so rough they actually hurt to dry off with.  I'm giving it 2 stars for the guy who checked us in and the ease of checking in.
4	I have no real complaint about staying at Treasure Island but I don't have anything great to say either. Our room was on the Penthouse level and I have to say it was nicer than I expected. The service was adequate. The location is at the far end of the strip, which was my only real complaint, but for the price it was easily overlooked.
5	We got a Groupon for two nights at Treasure Island and two Mystere tickets.  I was worried that this might result in us getting a sub-par room, but instead the opposite happened when they put us on the 29th floor with a view of the strip (toward Mandalay Bay) and the mountains.  Wow.  We could see almost every major casino, which was particularly stunning at night.  The room itself was comfortable and spacious - great bed, great shower, and *great* blackout curtains. Also appreciated the mini fridge so we could store some water in there.  The fitness center is really good for a hotel with new equipment and personal TVs. The location also can't be beat as it is an easy walk to the Venetian, the Wynn, Caesars, and the Bellagio which I find to be the more interesting hotels/casinos to walk through. The only ding against TI is that we waited in line for check-in, guest services, and to pick up our already paid-for tickets at the Cirque box office.  We would have waited in another long line to check-out if we hadn't had the foresight to do so via the TV in our room.  I don't think it was an understaffing issue necessarily (and the staff were all very very nice and friendly), but be warned. Also be warned if you think Vegas is a good place to go to get away from things over Christmas.  There were so many families and young children you would think it was Disney World. This was the case everywhere along the strip, not just at TI.
1	I have never stayed at a hotel with a bed bug problem. I certainly didn't expect TI to have bed bugs but it seems an epidemic these days and even fancy hotels may have this problem. bed bug bites are disgusting but what I was further disgusted by was the way the employees treated me after I reported the problem (on Christmas Day nontheless!) The woman I spoke with at the front desk pretty much didn't believe me. She told me that it may be an allergic reaction ( I work in a hospital I think I can tell the difference) she wanted to send one of their "engineers" to investigate the issue and never offered once to give us a different room. We are on vacation here not to help you play CSI bed bugs. I was finally fed up and asked if we can be switched to a different room while they do their investigating. She flat out told me that they didn't have any ( how is that possible?) and that I would have to call back later to check to see if they had one. This is probably the worst experience I have had at a hotel. Certainly the worst customer service. In a city full of hotels, please save yourself the aggravation and do not stay here.Oh and their bed bug investigation involved a guy who pulled the sheets off the front of the mattress only and looked at it for 5 sec with a flashlight to deem that he didn't find anything.  Anybody that can google will tell you that bed bugs are nocturnal creatures that hide during the day. Your half ass investigation will not find them. I filed a complaint with their risk management department and decided to follow up today to make sure they quarantine the room and prevent the spread to another patron. I was given the run around over the phone and the manager said nothing will be done ( if anything) until the report is filed which will take at least 5 business days. In the mean time they are still renting out that disgusting room. Consider yourself warned and do not stay at 17047.
5	The breakfast was wonderful!!
1	Arrrrrr... this place sucks, matey!Check-in be requiring ye scurvy dogs to wait in a line that resembles the baggage check at most airports before a major holiday. Arrrrrr... it be taking 40 minutes to check in to this dreary hotel-- not exactly the kind of activity ye wants after traveling many nights following the north star. And while many hotels be eliminating "hotel fees", Treasure Island plunders $25 dollars nightly, which doesn't include basic pirate amenities like coffee in ye room. It does afford ye entrance to their buffet, which be the only authentic part of the experience because the food be tasting like rancid pirate chum! Did I mention our bed was broken?I heard the scurvy jester who ran The Frontier into the ground purchased this place a few years back, which is why it be as nasty as the inside of a pirate's boot. The staff be acting rude and should be forced to walk the plank.Point ye compass elsewhere, there be no treasure here!
3	The room was generally nice with comfy beds and nice showers. However, the resort fees are a bit high, and even though we called to get our room cleaned for the late afternoon, the housekeeping never came! Very disappointing. Also, all the coupons/deals we got were for mon-fri only, even though we were just there for the weekend. Overall okay hotel, but I probably would try somewhere else next time.
1	Dirty,smelly,ghetto and bad customer service!!!!I booked this hotel with hotels.com and I am very disappointed because when I booked it says no resort fee,but when I got there well surprise there was. So be careful when you use hotels.comThis is my first and last time that I will ever step foot in this disgusting hotel
4	We stayed at Treasure Island on New Year's Eve and had a great experience.  Yes, checkout was slow, but they kept bringing more employees out to speed up the process.  Checkout was easy because we had already paid for everything.  The bell service brought our bags to our room for us because they had been holding them before we could check in.  Great service!The room was awesome!  Amazing blackout curtains, incredibly comfortable bed, and a perfect soaking tub!  Also had a real hair dryer...not a cheap one attached to the wall.  Everything was clean, and we had no problems with the room.The experience at TI was okay.  To be honest, we did go to other casinos to gamble or walk around, but TI is so close to the Mirage, Venetian, and Bellagio that it wasn't a big deal.  For New Year's Eve, fireworks were shot off the TI, so we had a great view!  I would definitely stay here again!
4	Back in August of 2011, my friends and I stayed here to celebrate one of our friend's birthday and I still remember it to be one of my best Vegas trips thus far. We had a great deal -- I don't remember the exact price, but the 9 of us paid roughly $40 each.The Tower Suite was more than enough space for the 9 of us -- there was a King-sized bed (sleeps 3 people), an L-shaped couch (sleeps another 3), plus we asked for a cot (slept 1 person), and ample floor space (slept another 2). And that wasn't even the great part! There were TWO bathrooms, both equipped with a toilet and private shower (one also had a whirlpool tub).With floor to ceiling glass windows, we also had a perfect view of the Pirates and fireworks show every night (although at times, since we were so close to the show, the sound of the fireworks scared the crap out of me when the curtains were closed).Treasure Island doesn't have much to offer for the young crowd, but since it's right across from Wynn (meaning also right across from XS, Surrender, and Encore), it's a great location and value for a group of friends who want to have a great time without spending an arm and a leg.
2	We just arrived back from Vegas for my hubby's birthday. Front desk people were stuck up and seemed very angry. We booked hotel online and recieved two buffet vouchers. Let me tell you, part of vacationing is being able to eat great food and this buffet was not great, whatsoever. If your into pasta, then it is, other than that, it is not even worth spending a dollar on. Just travel to Denny's up the street, it is so much better. I also ordered a pot of coffee, it did not even come with flavored creamer at 17 dollars a pot, so not worth it, just go downstairs to Starbucks and you can have two specialty coffees and two breakfast muffins for less. Mystere was not great at all, I have seen Zumanity and Love, thought this would be another fantastic Cirqe Disole show, and it was not. If you are curious, buy the cheapest seats. I bought front ones and no difference. The upside of staying at TI is the location and gambling selections, that is about it, oh and the toiletries are pretty good. The room is decent, it doesn't have a coffee maker or microwave, did however have a fridge and safe. You pay a resort fee which is a bit much but thats every where now. I have stayed at the Trump hotel and so far, nothing is better, the resort fee a bit much but so worth it, no casino or great restaurant/buffets. Anyhow, I would not stay at TI again.
4	My boyfriend and I booked a trip to Vegas spontaneous and he decided to go with TI for the ARGH Matey Pirate theme. I was pretty skeptical at first because of the previous yelp reviews, but he got such a good deal from vegas.com so I could not turn it down: post NYE rush for a total of about 100 for a thursday and friday night WITH 2 free buffet tickets (your choice of lunch or dinner- I'd recommend dinner for even more savings ;D )We parked in the structure and had a hard time looking for the lobby... They need better signs/ direction cues... Don't lug your baggages around if you dont know where you're going, your shoulder is going to HURT!They charged us for resort fee eventhough we said we won't need any of their services... COME ON! 25 a night for nothing?! This is my least favorite part about TI.Anyhow, their deluxe rooms are decent and spacey. The beds are COMFY! Oh my god I miss that king bed already *Glance at my little college twin size bed* The pillows are fluffy and soft! I loved the bed hahahha. The sheets smell/ look very fresh and clean. APPROVED!Room service is quick, they promptly bought me my hairdryer when my room is missing one. The halls were fairly quiet. The binds are DARK so you won't even notice the sun rises (this can be both good and bad...)Overall, I had a decent time here, but I will probably want to experience a different hotel the next time I visit Sin City. Their casino is small and smokey so I didn't really hang there. Check out my review for their buffet if you'd be so kind :)
5	Great video poker, as loose as anything off the strip.  ( hint: play the machine nearest the tower elevators).  Our Tower Suite was amazing! Clean, well maintained, exceptional maid service and worth the few extra bucks.  Great location to experience north end of the strip!  The huge Fashion Show mall is right next door. So is The Wynn, Encore, Palazzo and Venetian!  We were there over Xmas and the staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful!
1	I can't believe I didn't look at reviews prior to booking our weekend trip to Treasure Island.  I assumed too much when I assumed that because a hotel sports a pirate ship that it would be at least pseudo kid friendly....wrong in every way possible.  I called to place our reservation and I was told that they would only charge us a half resort fee since we wouldn't be checking in until midnight, upon arrival they laughed at me and told me that they would never reduce a resort fee.  Our room service was horrible to say the least...my 4 year old wouldn't even eat the chocolate cake, my burger was cooked beyond well done, and the grilled cheese was hard yet soggy...not really sure how they accomplished that.  Breakfast was less than desirable...I ordered a bagel and lox and the salmon was so "fishy" I could only take 2 bites before my senses said leave it alone, there was no kids menu or side menu and ended up with an adult sized portion of pancakes.  It took over 40 minutes to get our bags to our room, and the bathtub was dirty and also cracked. I have slept on better pillows at my 95 year old grandma's house that my 71 year old dad slept on as a kid.If you are just turning 21 and need a place to stay I'm sure this is totally up your alley, if you have kids and want to sleep in your room then stay away...go to someplace else.
4	I really liked this hotel because it was super cheap, nice, and near all the clubs! Well kinda. Kinda because even though we were close to the clubs, we took the cab anyway to save our precious feet since we wore heels almost every night! I do love how it is RIGHT next to Fashion Mall !This hotel is pretty clean and updated! The decor in the rooms isn't too modern but it is modern enough. We had a weird experience just because there was something wrong with our bath tub.... It wasn't draining so this moldy stench started smelling in our room. After we called the lobby, the front desk had someone immediately fix it for us! Thank goodness! I just like this place  a lot especially for its price! $57 a night? What a deal! We even booked this hotel literally a night before too. I just don't like how it is far from Miracle Mile Mall and Marquee. Hmph! Other than that I'd stay here again on my next visit to Vegas!
4	TI is a nice hotel located at the center of the LV strip. It's really close to Encore (for XS) and not too close to Planet Hollywood (Earl of Sandwich LOL). The bedroom was nice and the beds were comfy. Pillows were really fluffy! lol The bathroom was spacious and the shower head was powerful. I only wish they had more outlets along side of the bedroom walls and not at awkward places like underneath the headboard of the bed and by the window lol And wish they had more trash bins because the only one large metal trash bin they had was used to ice the alcohol and chaser ;D haha
1	Senor Frog's is garish. Talk about selling out.
5	It's an older casino- without some of the cavernous flash of the newer places- but that's perfectly fine with me.  I'm not really here for gambling; I'm here every year for a work trip- and I do my best to stay at TI.  The location is perfect for why I'm here, and it can be less expensive than some of the newer spots.But what really keeps me coming back is the staff..  Without exception, they have always been very helpful and very friendly.  That gets lots of points from me.  From the people who check me in and check me out- to the housekeeping staff- to one of the performers in the cheesy Pirate show that takes place multiple times a night outside my room window- everyone has been sincere and friendly.  Whomever does the hiring here has something good going.The rooms have always been clean and comfortable.  whenever I've had a problem (which is rare), it has been taken care of quickly.There are lots of bigger better known places on the strip- but if you want to stay at a place that's a little more like an old friend, the TI is a great option.
1	Stayed here for the MLK weekend since we had comps at TI. We drove from LA after work on Friday so we got to Vegas around 12am-1am. When we got there, we tried to book into our room (2 Queens, non smoking) but then the front desk advised us that our room has been double booked and that the only room available is a 1 bd smoking. For everyone that doesn't smoke, a smoking room is a really bad option for it just reeks of cigarettes! We asked for any other room which of course they said "We are TOTALLY booked for the weekend" reply. We asked for anything else that we can get comp'ed on since we were given this unfortunate ordeal, which the front desk replied "Nope". After trying for about 15 minutes, we reluctantly took the keys and just slept in our stinky room.Somehow it gets worse here. We started gambling in TI and I guess lady luck was with us because my friend was on FIRE. He was literally winning hundreds then thousands. After a few hours of hot streak, the pit bosses of the hotel started following us and started to whisper stuff into the dealers ears during our table games. Maybe we were just being paranoid but this made us feel REALLY uneasy. And whenever we cashed out on our winnings, it would take 10-15 minutes. Yes, I know when you win big, they have to verify where we won, etc. (this isn't our first time) but this was taking longer than usual. One thing that made us feel REALLY skeptical was when my friend was betting on my other friend's hand during blackjack. We were all having fun playing this way until the 10th/11th time, my friend tried to bet, the pitboss actually came and said that we can't do that anymore. We argued that we HAVE been playing like that the past 2 days and why all of a sudden, no? Well like some weird coincidence, the hand that the pit boss intervened on was a blackjack. Luck? Maybe but it was just a weird vibe after that. Most likely we'll get comp'ed for TI because of my friend's earnings but even with the free comp, we doubt we'll stay at TI with this bad experience. For a Vegas hotel that's been around as long as TI, you would think they would expect people to have luck once in a while and they would treat their customers with the usual Vegas service.
4	The hotel was pretty cheap and located on the strip within walking distance to all of the other hotels. What more could you ask for. The room was clean and well kept. I really didn't have any issues other than it doesn't look as stylish or classy as some of the better hotes. That and the 45 min line to check in. Overall a good place for the $
4	More like 4.5 or so.  I really liked the price of this (came out to less than 90 dollars when you include the resort fee) place.  I wasn't sure what to expect because even though it's a four-star hotel it's Vegas. ;-)  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised.  The room was a bit small, but it was clean and wasn't dated, like some of the other (much higher priced) hotels I've stayed at.  When we arrived there was a looong line to check in, but it went surprisingly quick.  Check out was quick.  I would definitely stay here again, especially at such a great price!
4	Even though TI messed up my rooms and was treated rudely by the head manager the last time I stayed there, I was offered a complimentary stay to re-expereince what Treasure Island had to offer. I never realized how convenient TI was, its located literally at the heart of Vegas strip, You walk to the left and you got the shopping center and other surrounding big hotels, Wynn, Encore and Venetian. If you walk further right you will get the Bellagio water show and more, everything was walking distance and you get to see a lot more during the day time! I was told to go to the VIP entrance for check in for a faster check in and being VIP really does make a difference, we were offer free drinks and snacks and everything was incredibly fast! Our tower Suite was just lovely, we were close to the elevator so we didn't have to walk too far down every time we pull up, our double doors opened up to a living room with big sofa and a huge king size bed. We had 2 separate bathrooms with a shower in one and a big jacuzzi bath tub in another. Nice simple view and a oddly small television set, the Tv seemed so out of placed that my friend joked that someone probably stole the big screen and replaced it with a tiny one. regardless we had a grand weekend and love to come back!
4	We stayed here our first trip to Vegas way back when.I think using hotwire we got a great deal so that was a great start.The hotel itself is on the smaller side compared to many other larger hotels on the strip. However to me, it's just a place to sleep (if you feel so inclined) and as a base of operations.Many things are close by and walkable, most of the Strip is actually walkable, albeit you just don't realize how vast some of these casinos are, because it takes so damn long to walk past them all, even one takes 10 mins.The rooms are functional and ok.The best thing is the convenience with a tram to Mirage to save your feet partially and ease of getting across the fancier Wynn and Encore.For the price, I'd stay here again.
3	It was clean and we had a new room, it was cool.
3	This hotel can be considered old since all the new hotels have opened the past couple years. Well they must have renovated or something because for the price, it doesn't feel cheap at all and I've stayed at palazzo, Venetian, vdara, etc. The only complaint would be the tv, it's small and the reception is crap. Couldn't really watch any digital channels but hey! It's Vegas. Why would u be in the room anyways. Also the food selection isnt the greatest so I probably would be eat $15 pho or $10 hot dogs
3	I really wanted to like this place.  It's more affordable than the Venetian, but it looks like you get what you pay for.  We used up our drink coupons at kahuanaville, but didn't want to eat there.  We did enjoy Canter's deli though.  They have a mexican restaurant and cowboy bar, but the yelp ratings are so poor that we skipped those too.  The casino itself isn't that bad, though it's a little dark.  The "drink girls" don't come by as often as I got used to at the Venetian.  The people at the front desk aren't as nice of higher end hotels either.  I guess the staff just got on my nerves a lot that weekend.  So we'll stay if we don't have to pay, but will most likely stay elsewhere for better service and a larger room.
4	Really nice sized rooms, looks like recently updated.  Mini fridge is always nice touch and is located in closet.  The closet has light switch that illuminates when doors open!  We were told not single kings, and opted for double queens.  We requested higher level and got 32nd floor with awesome view of the south strip and mountains to the west.  The rooms are fairly quite and the blackout curtains cut out almost everything.  The staff is a little pushy with housekeeping, they wait outside and jump at door when you leave.  I guess this is better than any other service here.  The staff is very friendly, and yeah you're stuck a high resort fee.  But the location is great, short deuce (bus) rides to almost everything.  Twenty minutes to freemont st and new york new york, if you drive you can go off strip and get here very easily (AVOID STRIP at all costs).I'd come back here.Do yourself a favor and eat only breakfast at buffet.  Their are better eats all around you than their restraunts and bars
4	One of the more economical and yet not cheap ghetto way to stay at in Vegas Strip. I got great rates here from Southwest Vacation (I am not affiliated with them in any way) and the staff here is friendly enough to upgrade me to bigger suite with my choice of view. I like both sides of the building, I don't think there is a "bad" view here because of the way this building is structured.There isn't a lot of things to do in this hotel. Gift shop, casino, some restaurants, and the outside free entertainment is all great. Also a small club, not crowded at all, free with your stay, of course. Some small indoor shows, also, depending on days. 1 star less because of the lack of things to see here. The rooms are large and clean! There are so many other resorts in the Strip that is much more expensive and yet very small. This is economical, clean, doesn't smell bad, great looking, and is large!! The level of noise is very minimal, and the walls between rooms isn't paper thin. One thing i really love (Idk if ALL Vegas hotels has it) is the blackout curtains! Swear to blob I can't see or hear a thing with those blinds closed. I'd swore it was 2 am no matter what time of the day it actually is! I love it, gives me the needed sleep after a loooooong night. Haha. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again, and i definitely recommend this place to first time Vegas visitors!
3	The three stars could've been four...if we didn't wait and hour and twenty minutes to check-in. Honestly, it was like waiting for a Disneyland ride to check-in with the convoluted snaking line we stood in. When we first got in line (that was enormously long already), there were only three people checking guests in, which was entirely baffling for us guests and extremely irritating, especially considering we drove 10 hours to get there. When we did finally make it to the counter, check-in was quick, painless, and friendly. I just could not get over that ridiculous wait!The re-model did them well. The room we had was comfortable and decorated well. Everything was clean, and had all of the amenities you would expect from a hotel room. Solid  room for the price.I'd return, but I'm quite fearful of having to wait in that line again.
2	I'm usually pretty long-winded with my reviews. But then, there's this:I literally forgot-- completely fucking FORGOT-- that I stayed here for a few days last year.PROS: Oh, wait, we got a cabana for like seventy bucks. I seem to remember that being adequate. I feel like we got a free buffet (although in hindsight, I feel like it wasn't very good).CONS: Dude, no, seriously, my Partner-in-Crime and I had to think for roughly four or five minutes about where the hell we stayed that time we went to Vegas in August last year. VERDICT: no, really. I'm gonna go ahead and just call this place the Bermuda Triangle of my brain. Nothing sticks out as particularly lame, nothing seems to be piquing the "awesome" sphere of my brain (other than the company I was keeping), so, um, I'll give this place a vote of, "Um, sure?"(NOTE: ..dude, no, srrsly. NOTHING about this place stands out in my brain and that concerns me, somewhat. I think I ACTUALLY may have paid to stay in Limbo.)
1	Avoid if possible. Had reservations for one of their tower suites for the Memorial day weekend. Drove all the way out from Bay Area for them to tell us our room is unavailable. How does this happen? They charged us for the first night and we weren't even checked in yet. Yes, I understand it's a busy weekend...yada,yada,yada. But is this the way to run a business? Definitely not coming here again and letting everyone I know to avoid this place like the plague. The room was very dated and reeked of cigarettes. The pirate show is cool but that's about it.
3	The rooms are not bad.  Everything is nicer since the remodeling. Staff is pretty friendly. Not one of my favorites, but nice none the less. Free pirate show  isn't bad.!
4	Decent price for Wednesday, $59 on priceline.  TI adds a resort fee of $25 so it was $85 total.  Lady at the check-in counter was very polite and friendly.  Room was recently remodeled and very clean.  Nice linens/pillows.  Only issue was no ironing board, pretty minor though.  Casino had a decent crowd for a Wednesday.  $10-$15 min blackjack.  Didn't play any slots.  Drinks came around fairly often.  Seemed to always have a drink in hand. Gilley's had free mud wrestling.  Pho's Vietnamese restaurant was decent.  Overall pretty pleased with our stay at TI.
3	This hotel has a few things going for it, decent prices and pretty nice decor in the rooms.  The location on the strip is unbeatable. HOWEVER, don't classify yourself as a 4 star hotel when you don't even provide toothpaste!!! What kind of crap is that.  I'm addition don't expect to get great service from the front desk clerks.  What you will get is dry mediocre personalities that look miserable at there job!Just leave and walk to the hotels nearby for true 4 star and above qualities!
1	Avoid!  The Coffee Shop at the Treasure Island Hotel & Casino. The worst food and it was very over priced for such a limited selection. Save your money and go to McDonald's. So disappointing. Same for the buffet, TI what the heck are you doing? You are in the same category as Circus Circus...yuck!Disappointed local,ST
2	Hotel had a blackout so we called downstairs with our cell phones to see if they would answer- were told to "lock your doors and don't come out until the lights come back on"... Could use a clean up.
3	We had two unpleasant experiences during our weekend stay at Treasure Island, only one of which the hotel had some element of control over. First, some drunk dude decided our hotel room was his at 5:30 in the morning and wouldn't stop knocking until security came and escorted him to his correct room, which they did in a timely manner. Second, the hotel was without hot water one morning, and a cold shower is NOT what you want to step into when you've got a massive hangover. The front desk didn't offer much in the way of an explanation for this, but it was fixed within an hour or so, I believe. Very frustrating, but ultimately harmless.The hotel room itself was nice enough, spacious by Vegas standards. Our standard queen room actually felt bigger than the comparable room at the Bellagio, which surprised me. The casino is large, with plenty of slots and table games with the standard strip odds and minimums. I didn't gamble while there, so I can't hold an unnecessary grudge against it. One downside I did notice: the hotel elevators are in the middle of one of the main casino thoroughfares, so you basically have to fight through a crowd every time you go to/from your room. I feel like that's nit-picky, but other strip hotels have slightly better spacial planning.The biggest plus for me was TI's location. Since it's at the very north end of the strip, you can bypass a LOT of strip congestion and traffic when you stay here, which ultimately means more time for gambling, drinking, and general Vegas debauchery!I'd stay here again, but I'm not sure that it would be my first choice strip hotel.
5	Treasure Island was the perfect hotel for my first trip to Vegas. We stayed here for three nights (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thrusday) and were so excited by the great location. Across the street from Palazzo and The Venetian, and literally connected by an indoor tram to The Mirage. Also an easy walk to Ceasars Palace as well.The casino was a bit smaller than other resorts on the strip, but we liked this because it was easy to navigate, and less crowded. There are a few resaurants and several cool bars here as well. We didnt go to Gilleys (the country bar) but definitely want to check it out on our next trip. Kahunaville bar was cheesy, but the buy one get one drink specials and bartenders doing tricks made it worth stopping into for a drink or two.Our room was a tad small, but very updated and comfortable. Beds were cozy and clean and the view even at the back of the hotel was a great mountain view. Check in was a breeze but we did arrive late on a Tuesday night. When we left Friday morning the line was easily 200 people long.....and thats not an exagerated number. I counted 20 and didnt even get halfway down one row of a snaked line that bent around at least six times. So my point, try to arrive on a weekday or later in the afternoon if possible. Overall, we loved TI and will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Vegas.
2	The room was nice and very clean. Service was five star, to bad for your resort fee not cool to pay $140 for a $100 value. would have been 4 star if they would be up front with the price.
4	Great location on the strip and it is a great deal without going so cheap that you feel you should see a doctor and get tested. They have a tram to the Mirage. The check in line moved in a timely manner. The room was fantastic, new, and clean. The room doesn't have a pirate theme (which I liked). The soaps are in cute little gem shaped bottles. The casino floor smells very strongly of coconut (reason for 4 stars not 5), so we decided to party at the Venetian across the street. The pool is large enough, but not super large.
3	I really teetered on this review between and 2-3 but this is the experience. I had stayed here about 10 years ago and was as impressed with our upgraded room as I was with the Bellagio. When I stayed this February I was not as impressed but here are the good things and you can decide. The rooms are clean, large and updated. This is probably one of the most important things to me in a hotel. I know people say "I'm just sleeping there" but your are doing a lot more there than sleeping. I don't want to sleep with creepy crawlies. Although they don't make the beds like they do in the picture, it's much more lackadaisical. It's OK. The bed are comfortable, very comfortable. The cleaning staff were great and friendly. The hotel is in a great location. They had great deals at the bar with good tequila at $5 a shot. OK the not so good stuff. The check in staff, eh, not what they used to be but there was a big line and it went quickly. They had a lot of people in the front. I don't know what they pay these people but I would hope it was enough to get there gear properly cleaned from stains and ironed. They looked kind of shabby. Like its been said before, not a lot to do in the hotel. Couldn't win a thing but hey, its the strip. OK, whats with the girls in bikinis at the tables. It wasn't even attracting anyone. Not trying to be mean but they weren't exactly the bathing beauty types. I mean, if you have to do your job in a bathing suit, and a bad bathing suit at that, you should probably look the part. I'm not even talking so much body type as these girls couldn't even get makeup on or do their hair. It kind of cheapened what I had originally thought of this place. Like the place is getting desperate for players. I just loooooked awaaaayyy. None of the bad things were enough to give a bad review. Again, the rooms were so good it was worth the stay for me. Oh, one more thing. I almost forgot. This kind of pissed me off. They do not have free wi-fi. Jesus Christ! McDonald's has free wi-fi. Still waiting for a call back from billing that had a FULL mailbox. huh? No one can tell me what the resort fee is for? I was on the phone with them for 30 minutes transferred like 7 times. We will see.
3	3 star. Everything was average. After they remodeled the rooms, I kind of enjoyed staying here better. One thing I really like about this hotel is the location. It is close to everywhere like Mirage, Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian. So if anyone is looking for an average price, service, but convenient location this place is it.
3	Not bad, not great. For what you pay you don't get much. Tables are not cheap and bars are only okay.
4	WINNER, WINNER, KAHUNAVILLE FOR DINNERWe walked over to Treasure Island for a dinner and drink deal we had at the bar and restaurant inside. Having some time to kill we sat at some penny machines and placed our typical 15 cent bets. It wasn't long after sitting down that I won a free game, which won ten free games, which one another ten. And on and on and on.... I ended up winning $80 off that bet. Not a bad way to start the afternoon in Treasure Island!A girl was walking around selling Hawaiian necklaces for cancer research funding and we talked to her for a minute. She told us when the next Sirens show was (which we ended up missing). If you're on this part of the strip in the late afternoon or evening you should stop and watch the show. They've PG'ed it up quite a bit so it's not nearly as entertaining as it used to be, but it's still pretty great. There are lots of bars in this casino (what casino isn't filled with bars?!) A new Sr. Frogs opened last summer! Gilley's Saloon with the huge dancefloor. And Kahunaville. For me, Kahunaville is one of the better bars if you want a sweet, frozen drink. They are decorated with coconut shavings and have an extra shot of flavored liqueur on the side (we had a pineapple rum in ours). Plus, its a fun bar to sit in. Overall, the casino is clean and well-stocked with friendly empoyees. I make sure to stop by on every Vegas trip.
4	Stayed at TI last week from Tues to Thursday. At $50 plus $25 resort fee is a bargain. Located at the Strip and convenient to other hotels. All the hotels at the strip charges a resort fee ranging from $25-$30. Rooms are newly redesign and clean. Plus they give you a free buffet for one person for each day you stay there.
4	Great location on the strip, very nice rooms! The beds are very comfy and the pillows are ahhhmazing. We got lucky and got a great view of the strip from the 24th floor. Problem is they charge a resort fee which was a surprise. The casino is extremely smoky along with this lingering perfume smell and they had broken slots all over the place. A wonderful stay though.
2	Some of the staff here are very nice and helpful.  However some others seemed to not care or want to help and thus can ruin a vacation.I made a reservation with Groupon for 2 nights and 2 tickets to the Mystere show for $250.  There was a miss communication and I missed the scheduled show time.  I showed up the next day which is when I founded out I missed the show, and was told that despite being a normal show day, today was a special off day.  After asking the ticket staff member about my options she said I had none as the show would start on Saturday after I left on Thursday.  I then called the front desk and was transferred 3 times until some gentleman at the box office quickly told me I had no options and was out of luck.I write this negative review for some of this resorts unwillingness and lack of care to accommodate and care about providing their paying patrons with the best experience they can.  I felt treated like a just another dollar sign to them and just FYI at no point did I ever antagonize any of the staff members to provoke them to treat me as such.So with all that said:** Those thinking about staying here, you best hope that your experience goes without trouble otherwise....."you're out of luck" **
2	This Vegas experience was sub-par to say the least. My boyfriend and I came here for a mid-week r&r getaway. We mainly only booked this hotel because it was one of the few whose pool was already open for the season, and the rates were reasonable considering the PAC 12 Basketball Tournament was being hosted at MGM. Our first night, check in went smoothly and we were able to check in an hour early, we went up to the room and headed for the pool. First thing; they don't allow outside food and drink at the pool, not even water, you have to buy everything inside at their ridiculous rate. The old crotchety guy checking room keys and bags couldn't have been ruder. So we returned to the room to ditch our water bottles and went back down. $60 for a bucket of 6 beers and a cocktail and a 45 minute wait to get said drinks later, we could start trying to relax. The poolside cocktail waitresses didn't even acknowledge us once, even after trying to get their attention. Our room also didn't have an ice bucket, so we called the front desk, who transferred us to room service, who transferred us to housekeeping, who took 35 minutes to get to the room. The point was to chill 2 leftover beers from the bucket, but by the time it got there, the moment was lost.The rest of the night was fine, because we went out to another hotel for dinner and walked the strip a bit. End of night one. Night 2: The day at the pool was a lot better. We knew the drill and the rules of the place this time so we had no trouble getting in. We rented a day bed for $45 for the day, which turned out to be worth it. We had poolside service, the cocktail waitresses (the same ones from the day before) were really attentive. Every half hour or so she checked on us to make sure we were doing okay. It was a huge comfy circle chair, and had a shade you can pull up to shield you from the sun. Considering we were out there from 1030am-5pm, it was well worth it. That's the only reason for the second star. The booze is still WAY too expensive, even for Vegas. Ultimately; 60% of the hotel staff we encountered was rude. The pool was really small for a Vegas pool, but the DJ did a good job. The resort wi-fi that's covered in the $25 daily resort fee SUCKED. We couldn't connect to it worth crap. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet (minus the people in the room next to us having sex and being able to hear it.) Would we stay here again? Definitely not. Would we recommend it? Honestly, you'd probably be better off at Casino Royal: Best Western, than at TI.
3	always a good fall back.  clean, comfortable, not toooooo smoky, and is in a good location for foodies.
1	This was my third time staying at TI. The first two times were great, this last time not so much. Other casinos do a better job managing the smell of cigarettes. What really bothered me was the lack of AC in my room the first two nights. I was finally moved to a room with functional AC on the third night after repeated complaining. Too many hotels in Vegas to have to put up with this again.
2	This place is on the decline.  Dirty.  Poor service.  The Mirrage next door is better.
3	Stayed here not by choice. This was the hotel booked by the outing of my friends. I prefer the Venetian or Mandalay from past experience. Despite that, the basic queen suite rooms were nice. Decent view of the strip, and it felt more upscale then most of the casino's in the same price range.I would honestly rate T.I. four stars. Except for one little thing. I know all the kids these days are charging a "resort fee." Most places are $10-15 depending. T.I adds an extra $30 resort fee onto your room price every night. They don't advertise this, unless your a super lawyer and actually read the 37th paragraph of the terms and conditions when booking online.T.I. is alright if your looking for a mid-strip casino, just expect to pay what you would at the Venetian, without the same service.Also, they add tax to the resort fee. That's just embarrassing.
4	Four of us stayed here for a college reunion last weekend.  We were all on a budget, and wanted to go to the Wynn nightclubs, so this hotel was in the perfect location.  Because of its proximity to Fashion Show Mall, we were also able to eat a few cheap meals (Chipotle and Grimaldi's) and do some shopping at the giant F21.  We saved a lot on cab fare from walking back and forth from the Wynn/Encore as well.  The room was very clean and spacious, even for four of us.  The beds are comfy, and the bathroom was clean and had a big mirror (essential for us ladies), although it could use a vent or fan.  For the price, we didn't expect stellar service or a beautiful interior, and we strategically didn't hang out in the casino or hotel itself for very long, opting instead to explore the nicer nearby hotels.  Housekeeping was very nice about bringing us extra towels, and our room was close to the elevators and the ice machine, so the room was perfect for our needs.  The casino and common areas were very smoky, but surprisingly our room itself was completely free of that gross smoke smell, which was great because I can't stand smoke.  The only low point was when we requested a wine and beer bottle opener and had to pay $5 for it, only to realize they only brought us a wine bottle opener.  I had to call several times and wait on hold to correct the situation, but this was just a minor incident.  We did eat at the Coffee Shop in the lobby one morning when we were too tired and hungover to venture out, and it was not great, but not bad (greasy breakfast food that did the job).  On our last day, we called for and got a late checkout (noon instead of 11), the bell desk held our bags for us, and we printed our boarding passes at the free kiosk at the back of the lobby (very convenient!)  Check-in and check-out were fast and painless (I booked and paid through Hotels.com).  Our total fee (including tax, $28/night resort fees, etc.) for three nights (Thursday-Sunday) was $653, not bad for a Spring Break weekend for four people.  Four stars based solely on value - if I was on the same budget during my next Vegas trip, I would absolutely stay here again.
2	I'm not sure this place needs a 986th review, but I hope to bring some attention to a pseudo-scam this hotel and many others in Las Vegas partake in. The Resort Fee I'm not sure how much longer this will be legal but for now, TI thinks it's ok to advertise a price for booking, and then when you check in, say you owe them $25 extra a night as a "resort fee". They say it's a great deal, you get free local calls, a newspaper, a 2 for 1 drink coupon, and you can print your boarding passes free in the lobby. This charge is NOT optional, even if you don't use what they force on you.  It's seriously the bait and switch scam. If TI wants $25 extra a night, it needs to add it to the base rate that is ADVERTISED. The only reason I'm not rating TI a 1-star is because they are not the only place in Vegas that does this, but they are one of the most expensive.  Other strikes are: The bars are overpriced and lacking in fun. Restaurants are twice as much as an off-strip option. The pool is a little small.
3	Nothing exciting but suitable accommodations if you get a good deal on the price. Clean room, decent maid service. It being close to Wynn is good if you're going to the clubs there which are some of my favs. Even though I prefer fancier digs when I'm on vaca if the price is right I'd stay again.
4	Treasure Island may not be the fanciest of the strip but it holds its own and is well above other "middle-upper class" hotels like the Luxor, Excalibur or NY NY.Its always very well kept, good stores, great location and you can't beat the free show at night!It might not be upto par with other Vegas shows but its free and it involves scantily clad women fighting, whats not to like about that?Worth a stop on the strip for sure.
2	The only reason i give this place 2 stars is because of senor frog (they get 5stars alone) I had a groupon deal for 2 night stay for a room facing the strip. Turns out we got the room farthest from the elevators facing the freeway. From staying at previous hotels this was not up to my expectations, not to mention the room was hot when we got there (not fun in hot Nevada). We also encountered a problem (which the staff was unfriendly). Saturday night about 1am we went back to our hotel and our keys weren't working. So after being on hold with the front desk for 15 min, we had to wait 40 extra minutes to have management come and unlock the door.  (Really fun just sitting in the hallway outside of your own room right?) when management decides to show up she says that our keys were demagnetized by having them close to our cellphones. (which they were not and they didnt tell us that at front desk). so she tries her key... doesn't work. she tried about 5 times before it worked. she then said the batteries were dead on the door and she could have someone come fix it... (at now 2:30am????) we passed, we were checking out Sunday anyway... we just left the room one at a time if we needed something in fear of getting locked out again. On top of ALLLLL that, they didn't offer us anything for the inconvenience, not even a sorry letter. :(That being said if you want outstanding customer service, try somewhere else!
4	Cheap tables and a pirate show?  Definitely a little cheesy, but if you go into it with that mentality, you will have a good time.  I officially gambled for the first time in my entire life here (a whole dollar spent!).  I also enjoyed their pirate show in the evenings.  The fireworks are definitely a nice touch, and I think it is worth coming by just to see the show.
1	The hotel is a little expensive for what you get, I guess it's the location. The marketing staff need to learn better ways to speak to guests, I would NEVER tell a guest in MY hotel the way the hotel runs behind the scenes as far as who gets things comped for them and who isn't worth it! Food is as expected mediocre taste and over priced! I lost over $9000 there not to be a sore looser, but do you think I'm "worth" giving a room to? Will stay there again just because of location, but reluctant to how the " hotel and casino" are run. You also show a nice clean bathroom in the pictures but you don't show the mold in the bathrooms.
4	I was very happy with TI. The room I was in had a nice view of the strip. I could see the Venetian, Mirage and the other places down the strip. The room was small but clean. The king sized bed was very comfortable. The pillows were huge. The casino itself is not as posh and luxurious as say Wynn, Venetian or Bellagio but those places are close by. There are a couple of decent restaurants. The Seafood Shack is a decent choice for seafood lovers. Where else but a seafood restaurant at Treasure Island? That said, it would be nice if they played up the pirate theme a bit more. The theme now is a mix of pirates, honky tonk and Mexican resort. Not well thought out at all.Bottom line: Clean, comfortable room. Small but serviceable. Below average casino. Gamble elsewhere.
3	Pretty good hotel. We werent in the room much. We were mostly there to eat becsuse of the good coupons they give you. Kahunaville and Senor Frogs are the best. The buffett not so much!! Pirate show is cool not really for kids. Overall good for the price. A plus fo me it was so close to Fashion Show Mall!! I would go back just to get coupons for kahunaville....lol!
2	Never stayed at this hotel. I can't really comment on the accommodations or the dining since my time in the hotel was really minimal.I can tolerate smoke in Vegas. I really can. I go to every casino and breathe it in and don't particularly mind. But this place is smokey. Smokey to the point that my lungs were burning after I stayed in for two hours. If it weren't for some freeplay for signups that lured me in, I wouldn't have stayed.I had fond memories of this hotel. The memories were spending time in a really larger arcade area and winning tickets. The arcade was removed in 2003 and replaced with more adult themed attractions. Still, a part of me inside wishes that the sign to the video arcade pointed to where that old ticket madness inducing attraction, rather than leading to the dismal six aging video game machines stashed away in an unimportant room.Regardless, fond memories or not, I don't think I'll be planning to stay anytime soon.
5	Rooms were nice and spacious, very clean, across the street is a 24 hour walgreens so if you need anything you can get it at anytime. A lot of beggers in this area around the streets and on the bridges though.
5	As a military family we can't afford the $$$$ hotels, but still like to stay on the strip where all the action is and not go broke doing so. And so you have Treasure Island. A favorite since we were married in Vegas a few years ago, we've been coming back ever since. My first bit of advice. Join the players club! Seriously. It's worth it if you ever plan to return to Las Vegas (and who doesn't). The offers keep coming even when you don't visit often. A word to active duty military, give them your drivers license, for some reason they have issues processing a military ID card at the Players Club desk. The TI rooms are clean and tidy. As a smoker I prefer a smoking room. It was obvious that they used some kind of chemical to cover up the smoking smell, but since I'm a smoker making the smokey smell I could care less. The bed was super comfy, and the bath tub was huge! We had a lame view this time around, but other visits have put us looking over the pirate show, and other sites of the strip. I'm not too hung up on the view because unless it's a one sided hotel, you're bound to have to look at something, maybe a rooftop now and then.TI casino is fun, loud and dark. The cocktail gals could have moved a bit faster, but I'm sure it's a pain in the A to remember whom and where all those drinks go. Slots were loose enough for us to have a great time. We will continue to stay at TI for years to come.
4	I stayed here for a week - and the cost is respectable for the duration of the week. The room size is decently sized with dual queen size beds. I had the deluxe room, and I picked whatever room was available during the check in process. I had a shared wall with a shared door - while I could hear people speaking, it was difficult to understand. I just drowned out the external noise with my laptop speakers. I did notice stains on my work chair - but I'm not going to complain too much about it. I just covered it with pillows to make the chair more ergonomic to work in. Without the pillows, the lack of ergonomics can be a concern for those who type a lot - it can become painful to the wrists or shoulders, or lower back if they are not aware of their body posture. The pillows does help out - but doesn't eliminate the problem. The curtain does block all of the external light from entering the room, perfect for when I need absolute darkness for sleeping. The AC works well and there's a small fridge and a safe. I used the fridge to keep drinks cold - never did test the freezer capability. I did notice the lack of conveniently located electric outlets.  Seems that there were only one available in the most unusual spot, away from the work area, and away from any place to do any ironing. Speaking about ironing, the ironing board cover could be replaced - it's showing its age. There are a few Starbucks located in the area. I counted two indoors and one outside. This hotel is located next to a 24/7 Walgreens, perfect for those trips to acquire basic traveling necessities. The sound of the Siren show is annoying during the evening; the window could use better acoustic insulation. The noise from the hallway is noticeable - people in their drunken ways wondering through the hallways. Good thing I have ear plugs to remedy these noise issues. Overall, not a bad spot to stay in Vegas, and on The Strip as well. Tip: Check-in process is a total mess during after 11AM, or even 3pm, or even 5pm. There's lots of people checking in. Suggestion for this, plan to wait a while in the lobby, or just drop your stuff off at the Bell Desk, go amuse yourself in Vegas, and come back later, such as 7pm or 9pm.
3	It's just a casino, we were there for a conference.  I must say though, they had a lot of elevators, but didn't seem like all of them were working!  For al l the people that was in the meeting!  We shouldn't have had to wait minutes for an elevator.  I know they had at least 12!  Also the bathroom.  When it was time for a break, on that floor all they had was 1 bathroom.  Our break was only 15 min.  The line was out the door. I had to wait for an elevator, and try and find another restroom which of course which was in the opposite side of the casino.  But there wasn't a line, and I got back to my meeting on time!
3	Came here to eat at Senior Frogs which I didn't like. Years ago my mother used to work for TI and it was a really nice casino and the pirate show was always super cool ...never got tired of seeing that show. Now the place looks really dated and not very well kept and I have been told they stopped the pirate show some time ago now its girls dancing??? Clearly they aren't reinvesting much in keep this place a destination place.
3	This was my first stay at a hotel/casino in Vegas. And I haven't been in Vegas in eight years. But I had a couple of friends that were more interested in enjoying each other's company and laughing at the ridiculousness of the place. So off I went.We had adjoining rooms, one with a king bed an the other with two queens. The beds were comfortable and soft, leaving me rested for long evenings of silliness and debauchery. The rooms were minimally, but tastefully, decorated and the bathrooms were huge. Other than the safe and refrigerator, there were few extra amenities. But, given that we were getting both rooms for dirt cheap prices (two rooms for two nights: under 200 dollars total), I can't complain too much. The household staff kept the rooms tidy and there were no early morning interruptions (particularly annoying when you have the "Do Not Disturb" sign up.)Anyway, living in California, I've become used to all buildings being smoke free...which obviously is not the case in Vegas. The air filtration system certainly helped. But there was also a fragrance they add to hotel casino to cover up the smell of smoke. This was a bit of an annoyance, as the smell nauseated me: kind of sickly sweet vanilla marshmallow. Yuck. I have a feeling that if I go to Vegas with the same people I'm likely to stay here again...but were I to get a similar deal I'd definitely try someplace else.
3	Great location for shopping, shows and dining in Vegas.  The room was just o.k. but who spends time in your room.  This really is a good hotel for a good vegas value.  I loved the view looking down the strip from our room.
4	- The hotel/casino is mid-range, so nothing fancy but well-maintained.- I live in Chinatown so when I'm driving out-of-towner friends to the Strip I like to park here as it's conveniently located and surrounded by fancy hotels: Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, Venetian.- Just head east on Spring Mountain Road, after the I-15 freeway at the first light, Mel Torme Way, make a right and T.I.'s parking structure is on the right.  The third floor has the ramp connecting the parking structure to the hotel/casino and if the structure's pretty full just go up to the top 2 levels and usually there are spots.  The top level (which is pleasant to park at night during hot weather) also has decent views of the Strip.- T.I. has a free tram to The Mirage.  T.I.'s bar on the casino floor (near the cafe) has fairly cheap Strip casino drink specials (eg bucket of 4 bottles of Bud for $15).  Also there's the free "Sirens of T.I." show nightly, except in inclement weather/high winds.- Their Starbucks is situated on the Strip sidewalk but is pricey, doesn't have seating (standing room only at the counter along the wall) nor wi-fi, so for seating+wi-fi and to save a $1 or so on my tall (ie small) iced tea I went to The Fashion Show Mall's Starbucks across from T.I.
5	Ahhhhh...TI knows how to treat a lady like me! Big spacious rooms, free complimentary bottle of champagne just because I'm a fly bride to be, dope fast room service, and the Cirqu De Solei show.... OUT OF THIS WORLD! This was my first time EVER staying in a "real" hotel in Vegas that wasnt cornered between a delux Wendy's drive thru and a hooker-pimp hang out, so needless to say Im pretty easy to impress. But THIS was just amazing! Got a kick ass deal on Groupon with the most beautiful view of the strip, 2 tickets to the show, big fluffy bed and just great service all around! I was impressed from start to finish! Even when my TV was acting up they sent a tech from the actual cable company in to fix the problem within minutes of my call... THUMBS UP TI! I cant wait to come back
2	Outdated and dirty, TI feels like a legendary Vegas casino minus the charm and updates necessary to keep it from becoming a Sahara or Taj Mahal.The only redeeming quality about TI is it's location on the strip, and for that reason only is TI worth a night stay. You can see the entire strip and "free shows" all the way to Mandalay Bay from some of the rooms and the views are amazing at nighttime. Walking to other grander casinos and nightclubs from TI is a breeze.Aside from location, TI is extremely underwhelming. The staff is very nice and accomodating, particularly at the check-in/check-out desks, but I have never seen a check in line move so slowly. It was pretty painful. The casino itself is run down, for instance some of the buttons in the elevator were so worn you'd have too look at the surrounding numbers to know what they are. Also, there is a complete lack of fine dining and night life options. There's a western bar there and a terrible Kahunaville (see my review) that are meant for good times for adults, but they are both gimmicky and nonmemorable, so again the proximity to the other casinos is hugely needed.Finally, the rooms have been updated and are more modern but in my experience they are not maintained well. The sun shining into our room cast a light on the furniture that displayed dust laden everywhere, and there were some rust stains in the bathroom.We will not choose TI again. There are two other more affordable casinos that meet our marks, and plenty more moderately priced ones that exceed our expectations every time. I think TI could turn things around easily, and I hope they do before the bulldozer comes...
1	We have stayed here in the past and it was nice (may have been newly renovated the last time). We elected to stay here again with a large group, btw we all have kids. We will never stay here again! We go to our room, which was ok. We were on the 29th floor. We get to the pool at 1pm and there was no chairs available, nor much room on the ground and the pool was jammed packed. So we left. We went to Gilly's with our group of 14 and asked if we can get separate checks, they refused. We told them if it was a gratuity issue then to put the 18% on all of our checks, no big deal. They still refused. We asked for a manager and our waitress did not get her so someone else did. The manager also refused our request. Then we requested another waitress since the last one was rude and she refused that too and said they would have to re seat us and we would have to wait again. After our kids made a mess of the table, all 14 of us got up and left. We went to kahunaville. The waiter was nice enough to separate our checks without us even asking. So he got a big tip. The next day we call housekeeping to make sure they will clean our room. We leave the room and I get back around noon to a messy room. I found the maid and she told me she already cleaned our room. I said said " you sure didn't" and she said she did and showed me where she marked it off. So I had her take a look at our room and she said I made it a mess and she was not going to clean it. So we get the manager who saw it had not been cleaned and the room was cleaned. That day we also got to the pool early to get chairs. We wanted drinks and getting the pool waitress to help us was like pulling teeth so we got up and got them ourselves.Since we were on the 29th floor and overlooking the treasure show, it was loud! We could hear it clearly at 11:30PM which is one of the show times. But when you have kids, it wakes everyone up. My one last complaint is the cigarette smoke in the casino. A few of the newer casinos filter that out so you cant smell it. They need to do the same. The rate was very reasonable, but we reserved a block of a dozen rooms, but this takes you get what you pay for to a whole new level. Wont be staying here again,
2	The rooms, pool and buffet were very nice and what I expected. The games were very tight and did not pay out much at all. The public spaces had a smell piped in that seemed like a mix of Ozone and Pina Coloda... very nauseating. Not sure if they were going for a tropical bar smell or just trying to cover up the smoking odors... however, none of the other hotels had this issue. We ended up spending most of our time away from our hotel primarily for this reason... I just could not stand the smell.The drink and food prices were very spendy (as with most of the strip). The best deal was the buffet ... look for the buy 1 get 1 1/2 off deal.We wanted to play some of the tables, but we are not big spenders when it comes to gambling... we were thrown off by only seeing $10 on up minimum bet tables.Also a complaint that I have in general (not just TI) is I miss the chink chink chink of the coins.  I was turned off my using vouchers for my gambling... I might as well stayed home and played my computer games... Much cheaper and enjoyable.Needless to say we only lost about $50 between the two of us gambling in Treasure Island... if they would fix their gambling payouts and minimum bets then I am sure we would have lost much more.My advice to you... if you can stand weird odors and price is an issue then TI may be for you... Myself, I will never return there. I will spend the extra money and stay at a different hotel that has better gambling and no strange odors that makes me feel sick every time I walk through it.
1	If you like poor customer service with cheesy gimmicks (buffet coupons that don't work the nights you are staying, resort fees, and customer service that is too overworked to care, then this is the hotel for you!  From check-in through check-out, you will find long lines for registration a pool that is crowded and closes way too early, 7pm when it is 90 degrees outside! The only saving grace of this hotel is the poker room and the location, but far better hotels can be found for similar prices.
4	My husband and I stayed her for 2 nights during the week. The prices were so reasonable that we booked a suite and paid a little over $100 per night! The room was huge! We had a nice view (we were on the 3rd from the top floor) king size bed, sleeping area, living area and wet bar in a different room and two bathrooms! One bathroom was huge with a Jacuzzi tub and the other bathroom was smaller with a very large shower. We were very pleased with the room and would stay here again if the price was right.I don't eat casino food and I find the buffets to be gross BUT the T.I. has a decent buffet and the best part is the cotton candy station in the dessert area :) There was also a pretty good pasta section that was made to order. I have to take one star away for the ridiculous and crappy pirate show. What a waste. We watched for maybe 5 minutes and left. Honestly, it was pretty bad. This for sure was one of our better Vegas trips.
3	All of the highs of previous reviews, none of the lows. There's much ado over the resort fee, but at the time of our April 2013 stay that fee was optional. I suggest travelers call TI ahead of time, as I did, and get that written in blood. Our check-in was speedy, our room was lovely and our bed was luxurious. Wasn't impressed with the casino itself, and the buffet was just all right, but "The Coffee Shop" was surprisingly good. My husband and I had the most exquisite 3 AM sundaes of our lives there. All in all, a lovely stay.
1	It was my first time in Las Vegas, so I wanted to visit every casino I could.  This was by far the worst for customer service.   I sat down at a slot machine, only to have a grumpy security guard come over and complain about his job to me.  I asked if there would be a cocktail waitress, the security guard told me that they released most of the staff and there is only one  cocktail waitrees on duty at all times now (which by the way she only works in or close to the High Rollers room).   Never did get asked about drink and after listening to "Oscar the grouch" for 45 mins while playing a slot maching, I left.  He did not even offer to find the waitress when I asked.. all he told me was go look for her.   I will never go back in that casino again.
4	The rooms here are pretty decent. They were very helpful getting the in laws checked in. The hotel is clean and offers many amenities for all kinds of people.The parking here is really easy whether you are parking in the garage or the valet. It is a great location to get to many other casinos and also the mall. It is also home to Mystere which is a great show and I highly recommend it. They also have great restaurants here, a favorite is Stack.All in all I really like Treasure Island and all it has to offer. You can also find great deals online. The only bad thing is that it seems that all of the hotels now on the strip are charging the resort fee of 25.00 and that is really just a joke. Every time someone sticks a penny in a machine, that is their resort fee.
3	Everyone we met was kind, polite, and slightly inept. When we checked in (and paid the resort fee, which it looks like all the other reviewers have mentioned) and the man at the check in desk offered to switch us from a room with two queens to one king--which was amazing. The "inept" part came that night.  At 3am, maid staff came into the room--because our neighbors had called room service. So if you don't want someone waking you up in the middle of the night, don't be ashamed to hang the "do not disturb" sign up, and hope for the best. The beds are comfortable, the rooms are decently sized (we were pleasantly surprised). The gym (included in your resort fee) was decent. The pool was nice, but crowded, and not particularly child friendly (although if you're with your kids in Las Vegas, racy songs at the pool is probably the least of your concerns). If you're planning on going to the pool, go early to get a chair. The bars at TI weren't terrible great, so I recommend heading outside the casino for your drinks, unless you're using the coupons you get given when you pay the resort fee.
2	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  The woman who was working at the front desk @ 3:30 AM Saturday, May 25, 2013 from Chicago, IL (that was all I could get from her name tag on account of how tired my husband and I were making the 9-hour journey to LV) - YOU DESERVE TO BE FIRED.  YOU DESERVE NOTHING BUT THE LACK OF KINDNESS/CONCERN YOU SHOW TO OTHERS.  But let me start from the beginning: my husband and I decided to go to LV for a nice, relaxing Memorial Day weekend.  We decided to drive from San Jose, CA because our original plans fell through last minute - typically this is a 7-8 hour drive, but because of all the traffic from vacation-goers, and deciding to leave during rush hour (after my husband got off of work), our drive ended up taking over 10-hours.  Fast forward to arriving at the hotel: we arrived at 3:30 am, early Saturday morning and to say that we were exhausted is an understatement.  There were plenty of front desk personnel for so early in the morning (or late at night) and there were plenty of people checking in as well.  After waiting in line for about 10-minutes, it was our turn to check in.  We were met with a standard greeting and asked our names for the reservation.  After giving the front desk personnel our name, she proceeded to get on the phone and to check to see "if rooms were available" - even though I had called two days ahead and told them we would be arriving after 1:00 am.  At the time I called the gentleman on the phone told me there was nothing to worry about and that he would include a note on the reservation.  After the woman got off the phone, she told us the ONLY room they had available was a KING, SMOKING room.  This was TERRIBLE news being that I am EXTREMELY ALLERGIC to cigarette smoke.  Now before someone goes on to rant "why would you be in Vegas when you're allergic to cigarette smoke???" - I try my best to avoid those who are smoking and I don't gamble, so I never stay in a casino more than to just walk through... other than that my husband and I chose to drive around most of the time and we only go to Vegas for the shopping - this cuts down my exposure to offsetting my allergies (these are personal decisions we make and planning ahead like this helps tremendously for our lifestyle choices).  Back to the story: the woman proceeded to tell us there was "absolutely nothing" she could do and did not even offer any other offer (I wouldn't have minded paying extra for the night to get us out of smoking room - but she made it seem like it wasn't even an option).  Meanwhile, the man checking in next to us was offered a SUITE when the other front desk staff told him the only room available was a smoking room - he didn't want a smoking room because he had children (totally understandable).  When I told her I was allergic to cigarette smoke, she asked to give her an exact medical condition and she would "look it up."  When I told her allergies were a health condition in-in-of-itself, she went on to say, "well I get itchy eyes too around cigarettes.  It's too bad."  THIS MADE ME SOOOO MAD.  I reminded her I called a couple nights ago and asked them to make a note - my exact words were: "I asked you guys to make sure we would be accommodated."  THEN SHE SAYS "No, not "you guys" it has nothing to do with me - you told the company and they are currently out of rooms."  SHOCK.  That's how you treat customers?  That's what you say?  Do you enjoy throwing salt on the wound?  My husband and I were so tired and she wasn't worth making a scene over... but the result?  I currently have an infection in my eye stemmed from "an allergic reaction" and my body is in hives.  Thank you Treasure Island.  Or specifically lady from Chicago, IL - since she obvious doesn't work for Treasure Island but works for herself.  Other than that - the location of the hotel is nice.
4	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in Vegas but never treasure Island till this weekend and I actually really enjoyed it! the location is pretty prime and walking distance from many of the places you would want to visit while in Vegas and the room rates are very fair as well if you book early enough. We had a total of 4 rooms in treasure island this past weekend and they were all pretty good, (the iron in my room was broken though) but we just used the other one in the room next door, the beds are pretty decent sized and pillows were very soft. Rooms were clean upon entry and AC worked great, our view was horrible but we didn't really care, we checked out the pool and it was a lot better than we expected, there was a DJ and bar and although it was packed there was enough room in the (small) pool for most people who wanted to get in. Had a fun time at the pool and enjoyed my stay here, definitely would consider TI again as a future option for Vegas trips.
2	I've been to TI before and thought it was okay. However, this last trip changed my mind. I will never stay there again. The first room we were sent to SMELLED disgustingly like a wet, old, moldy towel. I seriously opened the door and didn't even take a step inside and I could smell an overwhelmingly strong musty smell. We went down and asked for another room. The clerk just said sorry and didn't even offer an upgrade or anything to make up for it. I've been to many hotels and whenever there is a problem like that the hotel will most definitely make it up to you. However, whatever they made it right I was willing to let it go. Except it didn't get better.The second room was okay. The room smelled okay but the bathroom had a slight scent of mildew. Since I couldn't put my finger on what was wrong I let it go. By the end of the trip I realized it was probably the shower curtain that smelled. The tv was messed up. No matter what channel it was on it displayed a big 11 across the top, so I couldn't see what channel I was on and it was just annoying to watch tv that way.The mini fridge did not work. The "liquids", after being there all night, were still room temp. Why advertise a fridge if it doesn't work?On my second day there I was walking back to my room only to find a overwhelming musty smell in the hall. I think the maids were cleaning with a musty rag cause it was gross. Also, someone obviously ordered room service and put the tray outside. It stayed there all day! I was so gross to see half eaten food every time I walked to my room.Honestly I'd rather pay $50 more a night and stay at a nicer, better smelling hotel. Next time....
5	Just checked in like 10 minutes ago and was helped by the most wonderful employee Scott from San Francisco .  They were out of our room requested but got upgraded to a strip view for no additional charge.  He also asked what brought us to LV and I mentioned it was my 15 year anniversary .  He gave me complimentary champagne sent to the room. Best of all he was genuinely nice and not speaking from a script.  TI hire more people like Scott and you've got my repeat service cause I love Vegas
4	Not bad, we stayed here this last weekend and it was conveniently located on the strip close to anything you'd want to go to. The tram connecting to the Mirage made it easy to jump ahead a little on the strip and cut down on some of the walking. There is also a show at night outside of Treasure Island that captures quite a bit of attention. A friend and I came here for business mostly so it was nice for our boyfriends to have the casino below with everything they could want to keep themselves entertained. Rooms were very nice and reasonable for Vegas. We paid 140 a night for a room with two Queens. I also really appreciated the free parking. That's the last fee I want to get tagged with on an already pricey business trip counting the gas costs. Another reviewer commented about the beds and that is no joke..they are really really comfortable! I'm regretting not checking out the brand of the mattress right about nowOnly thing that I thought wasn't great is how far we had to leave to get any decent food. So many of the hotels have fantastic restaurants in them, four and five stars. Treasure Island had nothing worth eating so it made it a bit of a pain to get a quick bite if we didn't have time to go walking to another hotel with a better restaurant. All in all I think its a reasonably priced hotel for the "Vegas experience"
2	The best part of TI is the location (right in the middle of things) and the soft, comfy beds. Otherwise, the ridiculous 'resort fees', mediocre rooms, dark and uninviting casino area and thin walls make it an option to pass over. To start off, we requested a strip view...and got a room with a nice view... of a black roof and some palm trees blocking everything. The room was average at best and sported a tiny flat screen on the wall with a hidden mini fridge in the closet. The walls are so thin we could hear the drunk idiots next to us screaming, crying and play fighting at 3am. (Not that we expected to get the best of sleep in the middle of Las Vegas, but a little more privacy would have been nice.)We were told a bottle of wine would be sent to our room which never arrived. To top it off, after I made it home I noticed my credit card was hit at least 6 times for various charges and we still can't figure out what for.  I suppose you live and learn, and we both learned to pass over TI next time we visit Vegas!
5	I love Treasure Island. It is conveniently located in the middle of the strip so you can pretty much walk to all the clubs and restaurants. They've got an awesome pirate show. The Pho restaurant there is legit (although a bit pricey). The Gilley pit girls there are fun, I mean c'mon, they're rocking assless leather chaps (Shout out to Kacie!). I pretty much stay there whenever I'm in Vegas. It's not the most glamorous casino and the rooms are a bit dated, but it's definitely worth the price. Plus, I've won alot of money there, so I might be a bit biased.
3	We got this room for 56.  The clerk gave us a huge room with a king bed and on the  34th floor with a great view of the strip & pool below. Pluses the bed & pillows were like sleeping on a cloud. Minuses, the technology, the clerk wrote down the wrong room #. The guy in this room was not happy, when he opened the door to find us trying to get into his room. When we got to the right room the card key didn't work. Then I had to call the front desk 2 x to get the wireless Internet to work.
1	I'm not thinking this is going to be one of our weekend hangouts. Its 112 degrees on a Saturday night they are understaffed for valet, my husbands jack and coke was just coke and the bar tender said they regulate it so he couldn't do anything about that, it's only a splash of jack and they don't comp shots. So no recommendations from us and won't be back.
4	So I chose Treasure Island for my yearly bday extravaganza! I loved the hotel. The room was gorgeous! Lets get to the knitty gritty..... There were a few things I did not like : 1. The restaurant the coffee shop the first couple days were great until my brothers had uncooked burgers and they didn't see it was uncooked until they got to the middle. We asked for a manager and she couldn't the undercooked food off because it was eaten so she charged us half....... Insert my WTF face here. when I come back to Vegas the Coffee Shop wont be on my list. 2. I had my thank you gifts delivered to the hotel. After paying for delivery from the company Treasure Island charged me another 7 dollars as a handling fee. Unheard of at any other hotel. I would stay at treasure Island again, but I wouldn't step foot in the coffee shop nor would I have anything delivered.
1	Like many of the mega monster casinos in Vegas, they are running a scam.  We booked five rooms and prepaid the entire price quoted, but upon arriving at the hotel at midnight, they hit us with a "resort fee" of $140 per day ($28 per room per day) which apparently they charge to everyone and the charge is mandatory.  It's basically a scam to make you pay extra for the room because there's no way to find another hotel by the time you get there AND they will charge you a cancellation fee if you do cancel your reservation as a result of not wanting to pay the resort fee.
3	I've never been inside of the TI, but I recently watched the show out front last night. I brought my in-laws since they were in town. The show is a whole lot racier than I remember when I first came to Vegas. The music, the fire, the ships - they are a lot of fun (and I'm not trying to be a prude) and it's sounded like an attraction safe for kids - but if I were a mom, I certainly wouldn't be bringing my children there. :/
1	My stay at this Casino was terrible. Upon arrival at TI at 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon i had to wait for over an hour in a line to check into my room. Once i got my room, it was nice, but nothing special, really small and a tiny TV. The Casino is old and outdated. The pool was small and they wont let you bring in outside food or drink.. lame!The kicker: Fire Alarm and announcement starts blaring in my room at 330am, it continued to go off for another 45 minutes. It was a false alarm, probably some drunk idiot pulled the alarm. You would think that a Vegas casino would be prepared for events like these. There was no reason to keep the alarm sounding for that long, it woke me up and kept me up. There were no apologies given. Worst experience ever. I do not recommend staying here, id rather stay at the Luxor. Its time for the pirates of TI to blow this POS up.
5	Stayed here 8/2011... yes this review is past due. Booked the room thru PriceLine. Room was wonderful, we stayed here for my BF's birthday. He and I had an absolute blast, the room was wonderful. We fought over who got to loung on the Chaise. To date... he describes this as his BEST VEGAS experience. Thanks Truasure Island!
4	Booked it myself through the VIP site for the hotel. Saved over $100.00 and got a ton of freebies......over the sites like Vegas.com, Orbitz, and so on charged booking fees. We went for my daughters 21st birthday and totally loved it. Great room, great room service, awesome room service food direct from the many restaurants in the hotel and great Gilley's bar and club in this hotel.....TOTALLY friendly, free, and FUN..... it is mid-strip so one can walk any and everywhere....I totally recommend it for a quick get-a-way or a special occasion..... go for it........
4	I stayed here a year ago and really enjoyed the hotel.  The room was very clean and very comfortable.  I had a great time gambling in the casino and found myself having hours of fun here.  There is a tram that connects TI and The Mirage, which makes for a quick trip!  It's very convenient.  Also, it is located close to a HUGE mall, so if it's rainy or if you just want to get away from the casinos (what???) you can always visit there and shop!
4	My wife and I stayed at TI for the duration of our wedding trip.  Jeff at the front desk was awesome, and moved us up a few floors and into a larger suite.  The elevators, though somewhat annoying to navigate at the time, are actually laid out in a sensible and efficient manner.  This was the best casino I was in during our trip at handling smoke.  I fully support the right of any property owner to host smokers, but the smell is rather pesky sometimes.  This was rarely any issue at all at TI.  The biggest problem I had was the sad and tragic excuse for a refrigerator in our upgraded room.  There was a large room fridge that chilled things very well in the room we started in, and a tired, semi-functional one in the upgraded room.  Please, TI, fix this problem.  It is a small thing that means so much.  Another issue worth mentioning is the lack of a fart fan in either of the bathrooms.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 77/100T.I. fans, please don't hate me for this.In all honesty, Treasure Island would rank at the lower end of my hotels and resorts preference on The Strip. Why?First and foremost, unlike the rest of the casinos that give off a pleasing aroma with but a faint whiff of cigarette smoke (Bellagio, Caesar's palace to name a few - Quad is an exception), you are greeted with blast of strong, uninvited smell of a science experiment gone wrong the moment you open those T.I. entrance doors. I remember my mom unable to handle the smell of the casino that she requested I take her out for some fresh air. Vicks Vaporub to the rescue! It was almost as if T.I. management intentionally chose the heavy scent to cover up the cigarette smell (which I felt was sticking to the carpets!) only to have them both mix up in all the wrong ways. Arrr! Alright, let's look on the bright side. Maybe it's part of the pirate theme?Also, parents out there, take heed. The FREE pirate show that plays nightly is NOT for kids. I've seen parents carrying their young toddlers over their shoulders with a hesitant smile one too many times. Expect canon ball blasts, fire shooting out of the walls and suggestive dance movements. Once was really more than enough for me, but I wouldn't stop myself from taking peeps here for a visit. Only giving this a 3 because the show is free, or else, I would've stuck with 2.
2	ok this was my second time staying at ti in a year we flew out this time thinking about the time before. we arrived mothers day weekend omg it was a sunday thinking people would be going home no! it was sooo busy we waited in line for almost 2 hours just to check in.bad start. we get to our tower suite which was on the top floor great views of the strip...but not great views of the carpet! which i will post pics of.. we stayed there for 3 nights. the last night there was horrid someone let kids stay in the hotel which meaning "kids" that are adults but prob in their very early 20's. They acted like they never been away from there parents! they were up and down the hallways acting like idiots very loud and late like 4 am late i was sooo pissed bc i had a early flight.just way to many wrongs with our trip this time which also was our wedding trip..the bed was very comfy i just didnt get any sleep the last night due to loud as guys !!! im just saying next time i think i will be going to mr. trumps!!!                                                                              PS: THEIR CASINO SUCKS!!!
1	I booked a room on Treasure Island at Hotels.com the rate was fantastic, however on arrival at the desk I was charged a MANDATORY $28 resort fee. I hate the bait and switch, especially when this fee is not disclosed. My room was nice and clean, the bed was comfortable and the views of the strip spectacular, however I will never stay here again and I will tell my friends of the ridiculous fee!
4	I enjoyed staying at this hotel, it isn't the newest or nicest but it's clean and in a good location. The room was nice and we had a good view of the strip. We ate at the buffet a few times and it was pretty good. Definitely nice being able to just go downstairs and eat at a buffet. Didn't make it on the bull in the bar but there's always next time!
1	I'm appalled at the lack of follow up and disregard for an dangerous incident that was caused by the hotel room hair dryers they provide. My family stayed here for a few days in May 2013. On the last night of our stay, I was using the hair dryer they provided which kept turning on and off while it was plugged in. I turned the dryer off, reset the plug and turned it back on. When I turned it back on, there was a large spark that could have started a fire. The outlet on the wall and surrounding wall space was badly burned.  I called the front desk and they had someone from security and a mechanic come up and check out the dryer and situation. It turns out, after close examination, the hairdryer Treasure Island had a cut in the wire near the plug. It was a serious hazard that created a very scary situation. The mechanic determined the problem, and cleaned up the burn.  I filled out paperwork so they could save the incident on  file and that was it. There was no personal follow up from the hotel management. I was put in a dangerous situation because of the hotel and there was no follow up from the hotel management??? Nothing was even said when we checked out and received the bill. I've already e-mailed TI about this issue and never heard from them.I take many trips to Las Vegas over a year. I don't plan on staying at Treasure Island again with this hair dryer hazard and Treasure Island's poor customer service to not even reach out to me or extend their hospitality.CHECK THE HAIRDRYERS!!
1	Never will i ever return to this hotel the halls reeked of marijuana and cigarettes, no ipod hook up most uncomfortable beds ever. The front desk on 3 different occasions were unhelpful and un friendly. I considered going to the spa but for the price id rather go to palazzo and get a 5 star massage. the food options were jank food at the buffet was rubbery and caused me to get food poisoning. PLEASE spend the money and dont stay here you will regret it.
1	We were starving and decided on the TI Buffet. YUCK! This buffet was $26.95./ person. Ok so we are talking cheaper in terms of nice buffets nowadays. But, the food was INEDIBLE! I had a small salad, which they plate for you. I appreciate that as it was all behind glass, and had at least not been sneezed on by everyone in the hotel. The veggies were not fresh. The selection. 3 or 4 stations. Turkey? ewwww was that even turkey?
4	We came on a Friday around 2 pm. The line to check in was incredibly long, so much so that they were handing out free water bottles to everyone. Oh man, how I hated that line.However, the people that helped us were friendly and efficient! They made sure we got the accommodations we wanted (non-smoking, one bed) and even gave us a view of the strip from our room! No complaints there!The room itself was just a-okay. Nothing special, but nothing to whine about. It had everything we needed, including a nice close-up mirror for doing my makeup in. I loved that. One plus star for that alone!The price we paid was reasonable, especially for view we got. I'd definitely stay at TI again, though I'll most likely lean towards hitting up somewhere new next time.
2	Pool is smaller than website makes it look. Housekeeping missed something every single day of our stay (towels, glasses, washcloths). Rooms are quiet but that's about the only place that is. Food at restaurants is good but every coupon that was handed to us on property came with a catch. We weren't able to use one "benefit" given on check-in that went toward our $28 a day room surcharge. Disappointed with all but the food. We won't be staying here next time.
2	My biggest complaint about Treasure Island is the rank smell the downstairs casino has. It is very distinct. It made me sick each time we came downstairs and made us leave the hotel to shop and eat at other places. It was a mixture of suntan lotion, sweat, hot garbage, barf, and smoke. As soon as you walk in, it's there.Everyday by like 2:00 the pool would have a murky, creamy hue to it. This is due to people spraying on sunscreen while in the pool, or putting it on and getting right into the pool. Along with, I'm sure...pee. It was gross! I think they should close it for an hour mid-day to zap all the nastiness that is there by the afternoon. We only went in the mornings.The buffet was just okay. We went during the crab leg night and they were sooo skinny, and had no flavor. They tasted like they were water logged.  The fried foods were soggy, and it seemed like we had gotten there when the food wasn't as fresh. We arrived before the line started forming. The staff when we checked in and out were great! No complaints with the staff what so ever! However, the smell alone is enough to make me choose another hotel next time I'm there. I wish they could filter that out. It could just be the old carpet.
3	There was a time many years ago when I thought Treasure Island was great...not anymore. It's just another hotel/casino now. Since we don't gamble and only go to attend reunions and to see shows, going to the casino is not our number choice of activity. But we have to go through it to go from one activity to another.  What an awful experience -- the casino area looked so dirty. Some slot machines were placed on what should have been walking paths. Very confusing set-up.Our room was decent enough -- glad they switched to crisp white linens. And we had a view. Would have loved to have had a coffee maker, though. Such a little thing but would have gone a long way to appreciating this place. Ate at the Coffee Shop --- surly wait staff. Tried the buffet. So-so meal. Couldn't find anything I could rave about. The fish was dry. The lobster ravioli was tasteless. Sauce wasn't great.  Tried other things, but couldn't get excited about the choices.Went around to other casinos and can see a huge difference between first class and second rate. Sadly, TI falls in the latter category. As they say, you get what you pay for.
1	It's a dump.  The machines are dirty.  Half the time the buttons would not work.  Most of the staff has no sense of being professional.  Senior Frogs food is tasteless and they do not comp drinks playing the poker machines in the restaurant.Bright spot was the bartenders Jimmy, Jeanette and Nic  at the Steak house.  Great service, great food and a good place to relax.  T.I. use to be better. Now it's like Circus Circus.
4	We arrived in Vegas at about 8 am and decided to try and check in.  The Bell Hop informed us that we wouldn't be able to check in until about 12 pm, but they'd hold our bags and after we check in, we can call down and they'll deliver our bags.  So we decided to have breakfast in their 24 hour coffee shop and gamble until then.We were able to check in at 11 am and my BF asked if there were any room upgrades available.  The lady who was helping us was very nice and friendly, she said she'd see what she could get us and then delivered us a corner room with "panoramic" windows.We had a pretty high room (25th floor) and a view of the strip - Palazzo right in front of us and Fashion Show Mall to the left.  It was a nice comfy room with a comfortable bed.  The bathroom is roomy with good counter space and lots of towels for the 2 of us!  The only bad thing I can think of, is that there wasn't any toilet paper in the bathroom when we arrived!  There was a roll, but it was empty.  Good thing I noticed way before I had to go!We could see and hear the show from our room, but it's hard to understand what's going on if you haven't watched it before - which we haven't.  And when I say "hear", it's all muffled noise!  Haha...if you're a light sleeper, the noise and fireworks may wake you.We didn't go down to the pool, but the slot machines were pretty good - lots to choose from and lots of table games also.  There are a handful of restaurants to choose from, and some fast food options - something for everyone.I did read someones review before we left that the casino area had a distinct smell.  Which it did - almost like a strawberry incense smell - very strong and noticeable - unlike other casinos.  Every time we walked in from the outside or came down from our room, I noticed it.  Not irritating, but just very noticeable.This was a good hotel to stay in - close to other hotels and good to walk the strip on cooler days, which we did on our first day (June 24th - a few days before the 117 degree weather hit!).
1	Waitresses are slower than dirt... in 3 hrs got one drink. Booked the tower suite. Smelled like it was cleaned with a dirty rag. Staff didn't care...
5	Wow! We were very happy with the service. I have never been in an hotel where all the staff were happy and smiled! Even the housekeeping staff were really nice and said hello as we passed by. Even the maintanence guys looked up to smile. They gave us a strip view room even though we didn't pay for it. (Thank God!) and the view was gorgeous. It is a little further down the strip but no far from Ceasars. If you reserve it at least 5-6 months in advance, you can get great deals. We stayed for 4 nights during a holiday weekend for only $425 (including resort fees). The pool is smaller than other hotels on the strip but there are more lounge chairs. I wasn't fighting for a chair but I was fighting for space in the pool. The pool is more of a hang out with drinking and a DJ in the afternoon. Not the most kid friendly pool. I love that there are 2 starbucks. One in the hotel and one just right outside. There are plenty of good options for restaurants that are good quality and reasonably priced for the strip. We will stay again and I would recommend it to anyone.
2	I wondered when was the last time they dust the room. Spending almost $300 a night and i had to dust my bed headboard so that i dont have to sneeze all night. And finger prints all over on the funiture like CSI  came in to investigate.....just disgusting.
3	We came here during holiday seasons.Horrible long line when we arrived around 4:00pm; People are sitting on the floor and all over the place. After 30min wait time we decided to leave and come back at night time. We went shopping and dinner around the city and ended up checking in at 11:00pm at night; there was no body there waiting. The gentleman at the check-in desk was very friendly and nice; he even upgraded us to a nicer room that has spa bathtub without extra charges. However, the room was extremely smelly; I guess people were smoking inside and party with a lot of people (stinks).The bed was somewhat comfy, didn't have any issue sleeping for the night; I liked how they have many options in television channels. They have channels for American, Chinese, Vietnamese, etc. When we checked out the other day, we experienced long line again; luckily there was a key drop-off box. Another thing we didn't like is their parking lot, it's 3 miles away from the front lobby! Not to mention when we have heavy luggage; we spent almost 20min one way to get our car. They should have designed a better system for their customers; perhaps a shuttle between lobby and parking lots.
4	GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK.I was incredibly impressed with the rooms here. We got  a $65 dollar room on a Sunday night, and I underestimated it! Rooms were nicely renovated and very modern. Huge bathroom with two sinks. Beds were amazingly plush and so comfortable. Everything was clean and smelled fantastic. Walls were thick (IN VEGAS THIS IS SO IMPORTANT), and we could hardly hear the people next to us. I won't get into the casino part of it, but I was impressed with that as well. There are a lot of options of things to do: gambling, shows, foods, etc. Not to mention it's in a great location on the strip. Good walking access to a lot of stuff on either side, and there's even a foot bridge that connects to you Fashion Show Mall!
1	Stayed a night here. You can tell this place a really old but everything is clean. The beds were comfortable. The only issue I had with this place was at the casino when the dealer shorted me two dollars on the payout. The amount was nothing but when i let him know, he had to call the pitboss and the pitboss really did not care and told him to pay me. Then the dealer went on to say that he was sure he paid me out correctly and that it must have been me. The pitboss told him to just watch me. Thats when i got up and cashed out. I will not gamble here ever again. That was just insulting and that was the first time I had a dealer mess up on a payout.
4	Arrived to TI right at 3 and proceeded to the check-in line. Super long!! It took around 40 min to get checked in. The guy was nice and was helpful in getting me a room on a low floor. :) it's very easy to navigate to your room, and it's also a short walk which in Vegas is a plus! The room itself was very nice. It was just me and my 8 yr old this trip, so we had lots of room in our 2 queen bed room.  The beds were comfy, pillows were soft, and the AC was nice and cold. Everything was crisp and clean. Yes, the casino has a funky smell.  The pool was fun but a bit crowded. Personally, I did not care for the DJ with the crummy sound system, but oh well. What else.... Ummmmm....GREAT location, close to Venetian, Mirage, Mall, Walgreens (we went there several times!!)  Self park was very easy. Not a long walk at all. That's about it for that one! I'll stay again if I can!
3	Booked a room at TI for a busy weekend back in late June. Arrived at the hotel around 4:00 and was greeted with a fairly lengthy check-in line. Luckily, the line moved fairly quickly and we were quickly checked-in within 10 - 20 min. The hotel was overbooked so we were upgraded to a suite at no charge, which was a sweet deal. They upgraded us to a Petite Suite, which had 2 bathrooms and one bedroom/living room area. The room itself was pretty nice, with a jacuzzi tub (her bath) and stand-alone shower (his bath). The suite had a lot of underutilized space - it was basically just one big room with two bathrooms. Our room was located in the central portion of the tower, which leads to the various wings of the hotel - conveniently close to the elevators and ice machine. This location, however, had one major disadvantage - the noise. Who knew people could be so loud in hotel hallways... The walls and door must be paper thin because I could hear every conversation fairly clearly from within my room. The noise situation alone knocks two stars off of TI, which is otherwise a nice hotel, with a good location, and is a relatively good value.
1	I have stayed at this hotel several times before and have never had this problem but I ran into this problem with the bell desk this one time and I am incredibly discouraged to return to this hotel again.       Upon arrival to Treasure Island hotel and Casino we waited for a bell hop to assist us with our bags. While he HELPED HIM load the bags onto the cart he did not say a single word to us. He did not say " How was your drive?" or " Hello where are you guys coming from?" or even "Hello welcome to TI". After the cart was loaded(that we helped him do) he wrote up our bell ticket and proceeded to ask several times " do you need help with anything else" in a demanding tone that was clearly suggesting that he wanted us to give him a tip. He then stated several more times in a even more demanding tone that " I will not be the bell hop delivering your bags". We said all right and thanked him and walked away. As walking away my party and I hear him yell at us " WHY THANK YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY" in the most sarcastic tone I have ever heard. In my experience I have always tipped the bell hop who delivers the bag(which we did with a generous 10 dollar tip).        We thought this would be a isolated incident, but while leaving your hotel we asked for bellhop assistance from our room. Once again we helped the bell hop load our bags onto the cart and before he left I THOUGHT EVEN THOUGH I USUALLY DO NOT to tip the bellhop who picked up the bags. AGAIN this bellhop did not say a single word to us until it was time for him to go. I gave him a two dollar tip just to avoid the same problem that we ran into. I gave him the money and he unfolded the bills and then scoffed at the money RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME AND ONCE AGAIN IN A INCREDIBLY SARCASTIC TONE SAID THANKS WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING AT ME WHILE WALKING AWAY. He gave off the impression that I was insulting him by giving him money.        The bell hop that assisted us with the car we tipped well again because that is how I have always tipped bell hops in las vegas( even at other hotels such as the Wynn, Encore, or Cosmopolitan).       I do not know if this is typical nor am I saying the entire bell service department acts this way, but with my current experience with them I would NOT want to stay at your hotel again. I do not enjoy feeling as if I did something wrong when in fact I am giving a person money for doing a service they are getting paid for already. I understand that tips is a significant portion of their salary but I ALWAYS tip the bell hop that delivers the bags well.          The first bell hop was a mexican/latino man with a short stocky build with short hair and no glasses. The second was similar looking but was wearing glasses.
4	Arrived at TI around noon and was checked in rather quickly on Friday afternoon. We've stayed here before and based on our previous stays, we made sure to check in early before the weekend rush started. It seems like everyone arrives mid afternoon and registration line becomes super long.  Our room was immediately available. The room and bathroom were in good order and the bed and linens were crisp and comfy. The air was a bit stuffy however was quickly cooled down by the quiet AC unit. Our room was quiet as we could not hear any of our neighbors, if there were any at all. Elevators got a little crowded as the weekend progress, but that was to be expected. We made reservations for a Cabana on Saturday of our stay. The pool area is smaller than some of the the other resorts, so it's a good idea to reserve one so you and your party do not have to fight over pool real estate and chairs. We paid $250 for the cabana however received a $50 credit as part of the "hotel tax amenity". The Cabana attendant was very attentive and quick to fulfill our requests. Our pool server was very good as well. It was an added plus that she rocked her "server outfit" very well...guys and girls agreed. Her service was speedy and personable and she didn't forget about us. At other resorts, Cabana service is spotty unless you're a VIP or something. Service here was very good, hence, the reason we returned here for a Cabana. PS, make sure to tip your server and cabana host...they work harder than you realize.Overall, we had a great experience and will be back for more fun.
1	Haven't stayed since then and planning 3 trips to Vegas this year!
5	This was my first time visitng Vegas and I have so much fun.  It was so hot to really enjoy yourself but the staff and hotel was great.  The rooms were comfortable and we had relaxing time.  I highly recommend staying here.
4	Room and bathroom were clean, bed was very soft and comfy. Was not noisy at all. The soaps provided were very nice. Pool is not too large and def not glamorous like bellagio. Casino is very smokey like rest of hotels. Nice to see them washing carpet and vacuuming floors frequently. Bath had marble and tub was large, very clean. Big plus is close to bus route so easy to travel. For the most part employee were friendly and helpful, however the bell men were not very friendly. Kinda pissed off looking and gave one a tip for carrying my bag and he gave me a dirty look. Wth?
1	First time here and it is very dirty. Dusty tables and phone and a clothing tag leftover from the previous guests on the floor..... And a strange smell (non-smoking room) What's worst of all, I lost my cellphone charger so I went to the lost & found and the man there was not nice at all and not accommodating. Will not be coming here again.
1	All I have to say is BED BUGS!  We had 3 people in the room and all three of us were bit several times.  I called and filed a report with security, although he was polite he did not offer an apology which was disconcerning.  As often as I come to Vegas I will NOT be staying here again nor will I refer people to stay here. One other complaint, however small, the towels were like sandpaper, very rough.
3	Stayed at Treasure Island to attend a conference at The Venetian.  It's super easy to gt there from TI.  Desk staff (Hi Jon from Paris) was very friendly and efficient.  The rooms are much nicer than I expected for the price we paid.  A refrigerator in the room was an awesome find.  I am staying at Exclibur in a couple of months for another event, and they charge $25/day if you need a refrigerator (even for insulin).  Real nice.Anyway, TI was great, one exception, there is almost no wi-fi connectivity in room 0570.  If that's important to you, mention it upon checkin so they put you more towards the center of the building.  The desk staff kindly changed my room after informing me they would probably not be able to give me connectivity where I was.  It was nice they found me a solution; they should have offered to help me move my stuff which took two trips down to the casino and then back up a different bank of elevators to the 18th floor...  Not super fun at 1:30 AM.  Still, I would stay there again.Another thing, the food in the coffee shop is good, but if you try to get something to go after hours, the only thing they will sell you is dessert.  I said, "But if I sit down and order and ask for a box when it arrives, that's okay?"  They did not like that, but they obliged.  I hate senseless policies like that.
2	Not a fan.Casino floor was pretty small, and typical Vegas not a lot of regular blackjack tables.  I know, single-deck has better odds (and 6:5 on blackjacks), but I feel like I know standard 6-8 deck blackjack much better.  Craps tables almost always had $15 minimums.  AC only had three settings (how quaint).  4 different banks of elevators made going to other floors a nuisance (though I recognize that's not a big deal to 99% of hotel guests.The place gets 2 stars instead of 1 because the catering for our work conference was excellent.  The lunches and snacks provided were of high-quality, and the spread never ran out.
3	If you are here with family and small children, it's probably not a good idea to reserve a room at Treasure Island because they may be smoke sensitive. My family specifically reserved a non smoking room yet we received a smoking room. You could tell by just entering the hallway, they try to mask the smoke smell with some air freshener. The room is decent but the bottom-line is they did not meet what we reserved.
2	The T.I. is great if you're looking for a cheap place to stay on the strip. It's comfortable but not anywhere near the 4 stars/diamonds/whatever that it boasts. I think my biggest problem with this place was the staff. When we got their there were NO signs on where to check in. We stood in the wrong line 2x and not one staff member helped us. And it wasn't busy. They just watched us be confused. When we finally did check in we were told we would get complimentary champagne because we were on our honeymoon. Never happened. Then housekeeping "forgot" to clean our room for 2 days in a row. We had to call each day after our outings when all we wanted to do was relax and then force ourselves to go out for another 3 hours. Everyday we would come back hoping our room was cleaned. We went to eat at the Seafood Shack (in house restaurant) and the next day I saw a hold for $250+ when out total was no more then $20. And when we called to figure out WHY they were holding this much no one could give us a straight answer. To this day we still don't know why. But that certainly detered us from charging anymore money in the hotel. Also it's very daunting when you're on a vacation budget and they're holding $200+ more then you're expecting. I think the only good think about our stay was the Valet staff. They were excellent to deal with.
3	A bit pricey, but a classic Vegas experience. I'd go elsewhere to eat/drink. Abysmal service - particularly at Senior Frogs.
3	TI a decent place to stay at for cheap on the strip. The rooms are pretty basic, but it seems like they renovated it since everything looked pretty nice. The beds here were more comfy than I expected. It's definitely not even close to the top-tier hotels on the strip, but you can't expect much when you're paying $150 per night... The only good thing is that if you are on a budget, this place is located right across from The Venetian and Palazzo and down the street from Encore and Wynn. For me personally, I don't need a nice room in Vegas since the whole point of being in Vegas is to be out and enjoying everything and not be stuck in your room. If you are planning on spending a good amount of time in the room, I suggest you check out Palazzo or go down the street to The Cosmo or Paris. Overall, I do like TI when I consider the location and the price.
3	We went here recently because we got a great deal on the rooms through Groupon.  The only other time I had been in Vegas, we stayed at the Venetian which is not the fairest of comparisons given that they are catering to a different crowd.  All around, I was very pleased with Treasure Island.  First off, the staff is great.  When we checked in we reminded the guy helping us that there would be three of us staying and so we would be paying a bit extra.  He told us that he appreciated our honesty because most people do not tell them that and comped the extra person: honesty is its own reward I suppose.  Also, the concierge was very helpful and friendly when we talked to her about maps.  The cleaning staff was good as well, though we couldn't seem to get clean glasses very often, which is usually a problem in hotels at any rate.  The room itself was pretty nice.  It looks like TI might have recently gone through a bit of updating as a lot of the room looked relatively new.  Our room had a good view of the Strip though the window was pretty small.  The beds were comfortable, the bathroom updated and large.  For the price we were paying it was a good room, though not as nice as what you'd find at a place like the Venetian or Bellagio.  The casino floor is pretty bland and the table games never came down below $10 dollars while we were there.  I know that that is pretty standard but Harrah's had some $5 Blackjack and Roulette to pull you in.  The restaurant selection was also underwhelming and we ate out most evenings.  We did try the buffet because we had vouchers and while it was decent, it doesn't even begin to compare to some of the higher end ones at places like the Wynn.  It's hard to beat for the location and the price; definitely worth a second visit though I think it'll be a long time before I go back to Vegas.  My curiosity has been satiated and there are many more interesting places to go.
4	Paid around $340 for 2 nights (sat/sun) and surprisingly it was a great stay! The room was very clean (I think they recently re-did it?). Great location on the strip as well.Highlight: The guest services lady was very accommodating and helped us find a way back to Los Angeles when we were stranded there without a ride back!Tip: try the Frog's punch at Senor Frogs!
2	My sister and I stayed at TI for sister time. We stayed from 07/31/2013 to 08/02/2013. I don't know if it was  because it was mid week but the staff just didn't want to bother with helping us. Nobody was real rude or real friendly.  No bell hop service, the concierge really didn't want to stop reading his paper to answer our questions, no one at the pool to check just grab a towel and walk in. I take it back the bartenders at the pool were nice and the lady working at the Oxygen bar was very nice and friendly.  Besides those three people, the service wasn't great, which is kind of weird since it was so slow there.  My biggest complaint is there are NO Coffee makers in the room, so once you stumble out of bed, down the stairs, through the casino, wait in line, and then you can buy a Starbucks coffee.  I took away a whole star for just that! The beds may have been comfortable at one time, but not so much now.  They need new top mattress covers, they deep dips where other people have been. We ate at a couple if places there.  The Kahunaville was OK.  The Coffee shop was expensive and sit at booth if you go there, the table chairs are horrible.  When we sat down the chairs sunk in and the table was just below our shoulders. So, I am thinking a booth would be better unless you are 6'.   We didn't eat at Senor Frogs... but did order a drink there... yuck and expensive.  that's all I have to say about that place.I wouldn't go back, there are so many other choices and in the same price range.  I didn't think the coffee maker would be such a big deal but it really was :(   They do have refrigerators in the rooms, stock with your own booze.  A Coors Light bottle cost $7.00 and mixed is $13.00 to $21.00 each.  WOW.  No more drinks free if you are gambling unless you are playing with over $20 and a dollar min each bet.  I didn't see any servers on the floor this was the bar video poker rules.   Again it was midweek maybe that is why.
3	I just got back from TI this weekend. The rooms were acceptable, clean, cold AC a plus. I stayed with friends , bought three rooms on the same floor. Next day rented Cabana, poolside, great drinks, $$$,food good! Cabana servers, smoke'n bodies. Great DJ!never duplicated songs in 6 hrs, 12-6p. Pool was cold, but, when laying out for hrs at 104 degrees cold pool is necessary. friendly people. PHO'S  restaurant was good quality, but, as everywhere on the strip,$$$.   At the tables, I liked Blackjack, I literally had my vaca  paid for ... until the next day ... fatal flaw playing in the same casino the next day.(there just chips)  Now for the con...                                  I received 2-1 coupons for the Buffet, which made it very attractive,  There was so much wrong with this place I'll try to keep it short.You really get what you pay for .. food quality was poor. the only things I liked where baked beans, cornbread, and theses petite steaks were OK. everything else was overcooked, dry, or old. even the coffee was Jet-fuel. (MGM buffet was GREAT, next day)       Overall a good stay, just skip the buffet!I have to add a PS. across the street from Treasure Island is a Walgreen's where your can really take advantage of savings. Bring up snacks and liquor back to your room and save  a fortune... just Don't try to sneak the liquor out to the Pool. They search everyone!
4	Upgraded hotel, gym, and spa!  The standard room is large and bathroom is very nice.  The room colors are beige and cream and it feels upscale and relaxing.  The beds are amazing, heavenl!  2 queens or one king.  The room includes a small fridge you can use, a comfy chair, and a desk.  Tv channels are limited. The resort fee  covers wifi, gym use, a coupon book that includes bogo buffet, and bogo drink, and other restaurant offers. The pool area has palm trees and is a nice place to relax. We worked out at the beautiful upgraded gym and had Swedish massages which were $150 each plus tip, etc.  We had one good massage but the other was given by a weak old woman who had no strength to do a proper massage.  The biggest negative is the housekeepers. Or the lack of housekeepers. We stayed 6 nites and one day no one ever came in. Other days just the bed was made with dirty sheets and the ice bucket not even dumped, etc.  Every day a maid did show up, it was a different one. The location is convenient, especially if you fly in and don't rent a car. There is lots to do, fashion show mall is next door, Caesars forum shops,  ceasars resort, the mirage, etc.  The amazing peppermill restaurant is also very close. Also at the north end of the strip is the factory outlets, and the new Smith Center for entertainment!  You could take a taxi there.  We used allegiant air and their package included flights for two , 6 hotel nights, and an airport shuttle.
5	The room was nice, good location on the strip, I loved the buffet, the pool is good, and it was clean
5	Fun Place! I love that they have the free show and the mermaid statues.
4	Great hotel, great rate for the strip location.  Really liked the tram to Mirage since we caught a show there.  The resort fee is $28 and it includes a variety of items like 2 for 1 buffet coupon, wifi, gym etc.  the room was clean, newly remodeled with super comfy beds.  Really appreciated the ice cold a/c.  The room also has a refrigerator you can stock your own drinks in since bar prices are high.  The restaurants and room service are very expensive for quality.  There is late night dining available in the coffee shop which was just ok.  Family friendly too, I would return again!P.S. The valet was slow when retrieving your car so plan on waiting.
3	Treasure Island is definitely not the classiest of hotels to stay at, but I find myself tolerating it because of the location. It's a short walk across the bridge from Venetian and right in between Encore/Wynn and Caesars...The reason why I stay here a lot is bc if you have a TI players club, they comp rooms like nothing. Free rooms in Vegas?? Why the hell not. Save your money on other things like gambling, food and SHOPPING!The room itself is decent. I can actually relax and sleep without second guessing myself about how sketchy or gross the room is. It's decently clean inside and the bathroom is actually a decent size. It doesn't feel cramped inside which is okay especially when it's free. Can't complain right??I think the biggest downfall of TI is the poor selection of restaurants. Nothing good to eat when I stay here. I'm always walking across the street to Venetian or Palazzo for lunch and driving other restaurants for dinner. Gambling on the other hand is a hit or miss. I'm a big craps player and the craps table is not that great. Kinda depressing actually. The slot machines on the other hand are realllyy generous and good. If you play it right, you can win pretty big here. Overall, this place is okay. If they keep offering the free rooms, I'll stay here with no problems. The best thing about TI is actually their mystere show!! If you're looking for a good Cirque du Soleil show go check out their mystere show! You'll be impressed! Out of all the shows I've watched in Vegas, I'm still impressed with the mystere show!!
4	i stayed here with a couple of friends for a couple of nights.....& LOVED it! the room was nice and almost fit for royalty. the interior of my house isn't as nice as this, but i really felt at home here. it's kinda like the room just embraces you. the bed was super comfy. almost made me not want to return home. haha. i'd lay down and the next minute i'm sleeping.  almost like sleeping on clouds. too bad the most sleep i got every night was 4-5hrs.before being a guest at TI, the only business i had here was their pirate show. it has changed a lot from the first one i've ever seen, but it's still good. i love entertainment and it's my favorite - free! gambling here is okay.  i mostly stick to their slot machines. occasionally, i'll drift to the tables.  i prefer to do most of my gambling in downtown las vegas only because i feel luckier there, but i won some money here.i love that they have the monorail system that takes you to the mirage. i ditched my friends to galavant a little & hopped on it. the best part is that it's FREE. yup, free. bottom line: i would love to stay here again. treasure island is such a great hotel.HIGHLY RECOMMEND :]
1	First off, the cleaning staff is lazy, and just rude. We left a tip, and nothing god done. Even the stained bed sheets didn't get changed. Secondly, their lock system is majorly messed up. Our key card refused to work, and me and my friend got locked out. Twice. And they don't admit a single fault. And also their customer service is really selective. There are a couple of employees who deserve a good tip, but over all, they are not helpful. At all. The TV DOES. NOT. WORK. I couldn't even watch Friends normally. It kept on flickering, and the noise didn't ever stabilize. The pool they have here is tiny and overcrowded, by 11, there wasn't even much room to even sit and talk with a friend.  And there are so many extra fees that any discount you get is nullified. There isn't even free wifi. It 20$ per 24 hours. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone, unless you are planning to spend only one night, and not planning to go anywhere in the hotel besides your room and bed.
3	Great rooms!! I love the fact they upgraded their rooms to make it more modern. I have't been here in many years and I was happily impress with their upgrades.I didn't realize they were their own casino for the last 3 years. They have their own players card.The guy that checked us in was very friendly and informed us that if you book thru another source (Priceline.com) you can op out of the resort fee...good to know!The only reason this place got a 3 instead of 4 is due to the room service staff. We tried to order something to eat and the person who answer the phone the first time was rude by laughing at what I wanted to get (soup with some bread). I was very upset with the lack of customer service. I cannot believe she was like that on the phone to a guest...I know now I wont ever order room service, I'll just go somewhere and eat
3	Pretty much your average, good but not fabulous Vegas Hotel and Casino.  The check in process went well, fast and efficient.  The rooms were nice, a good size and clean.  I believe they have been recently redone.  Our hallway was kind of dirty, it had a few areas that were never cleaned during the weekend.  Casino area was well maintained.  You can take a tram from TI to the Mirage.
4	This was our first stay here for our birthdays/anniversary. We got a room upgrade and a bottle of bubbly from the kind Yin at check in. Room was panoramic strip view king. Not too bad on the 24th floor. Pros room was spacious and clean for the most part, got free tix to the cirque show, the Pho was excellent, and its close to many shopping areas. The cons strip view overlooking the show = loud booms an fireworks right outside the window 4 times a night latest being nearly midnight. The bathtub had mold in the corners and toothpaste on the backsplash from the previous occupants and they took he dirty washcloths but didn't replace them. The bed skirt had a large pink stain like a spill or other liquid, and the TV sets to the side of the bed making it hard to lay in bed and watch it. Also the halls and common areas smelled like vanilla and coconut which I know was for ambience but I am sensitive to smells and it set off a migraine the first night. Overall I would stay again as the price and service were great most cons were just location of room and housekeeping not paying attention to details.
4	TI was a really good place to stay.  We were comped for having 3 people simply because I was honest about it (the comp was for normal occupancy if that is not clearly enough implied).  That was a nice gesture and saved us money.The room had a safe, refrigerator and plenty of drawers.The maid service was pretty solid.  Tipping the maids, though mandatory in my eyes, was not necessarily helpful as the maid(s) who came to our room were not the same every day.A few times we had to call housekeeping and they were really, really prompt.The view was not a great view though it was billed as a view suite.  It is not uninterrupted windows as it looks in some of the ads.3 guys staying in Vegas and visiting the Grand Canyon, not doing late nights, having a couple nice meals and going to Cirque...it was a decent place to stay, but we felt out of place because of how tame we were: the place has been recently branded as a pretty racy and young place....we were not aware of this and if I stay in Vegas again, I would look to stay elsewhere.   This is not an indictment against the hotel, it was a really good place to stay overall!
1	My housekeeper threw away my $400 dental retainer from the nightstand and TI will take no responsibility in the matter.  I filed a security report and the officer gave me a card with phone number to their Risk Management Dept to call and follow up.  I called and left 4 voicemails in 5 days and got no response.  It wasn't until I called the front desk and demanded to be put through to Risk Management that I spoke with someone named Ashley Baker who is apparently in charge of such things.She quoted a Nevada "statute" that says they don't have to take any responsibility for guests' property.  So BE CAREFUL if you choose to stay here.  Your housekeepers can take whatever they want from your room and THEY KNOW IT.  Use your ROOM SAFE for any valuables but don't expect anything else laying around to be there when you return from your day out.
5	Absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Treasure Island! I booked 3 nights for my birthday, and I had an awesome time. Without ranting, here's what I loved the most about it:- Right off the 15 freeway, avoid traffic on the strip- Parking structure isn't as confusing as others that I've been to- Hotel halls are very clean and we could always feel the AC going back to our room- Got a free room upgrade for my birthday with amazing strip views- Cirque de Soleil Mystere was great and conveniently inside TI- 2 for 1 Cocktails and Buffett coupons upon check-in we're great! - DJ at pool played great music throughout the day- Room was really nice with a fridge you could actually use instead of it being packed with expensive crap! The only downside we noticed was that there were no close outlets on our night stand tables so we couldn't keep out phones charged and close to us... Goofy, I know.Overall, it was an amazing hotel and we had a great stay! And with $20 off a future stay, I will definitely return! :)
3	Good for the price. This hotel is okay. Clean, friendly, and has all the amenities needed. Also, has an empty small refrigerator in the rooms for use (some 5 star hotels don't have this which is a plus). Also, Wifi comes with room, no limit on # of users like Planet Hollywood. I would stay here again. The only problem is if you mind the smell of smoke, you wouldn't like to walk through the casino. While most casino allow smoking, somehow the smell of smoke is more potent in this casino. Other than that everything was A-OK.
1	Personally, I wish there was a category for zero stars.My wife checked in with our special needs son and immediately was yelled at because he was being too noisy.  The next day housekeeping stormed in while they were sleeping and woke them up.  They came back and then yelled at my wife and son because "We don't need kids like him here. You should take him where he belongs". Finally, things got so bad that she checked out a day early and got into an argument with the person checking them out because he didn't want to print a receipt.  It would have ended there but now we are fighting with the hotel because instead of charging us about $100 for the room we are looking at over $300! We can't get anyone to talk to us and are getting ready to take legal action if it isn't taken care of.This isn't a hotel in the traditional sense. I would actually describe it as a bunch of termites holding hands and am just waiting for their arms to get tired.
5	Not a gambler or a drinker.What the hell was I doing in Vegas then?I'm a gamer, and Gamestop was having an all-day expo at the Sands. I needed a clean hotel room for a 3-day, 2-night stay.My hotel requirements:- Clean, and preferably with white bed sheets/comforters/pillow cases- Convenient location to everything on the Strip- AffordableI had been eyeing TI because of its location and price but was having a difficult time choosing which mid-ranged hotel to pick because of Yelp reviews. This has an overall 3.5 rating, which isn't exactly horrible but not great either. An iffy so-so rating made me hesitate to book.So I decided to let Hotwire decide for me through their Secret Hot Rate selection process and, whaddaya know? They chose TI for me. For reference, TI is considered a 4-star hotel in Hotwire's system.I was able to check in at about 1-1:30 despite the official check-in time being at 3. The room was located on the 18th floor and didn't have Strip views, but we got better views of the mountains to the west of the 15 freeway. It was roomy enough so the three of us (2 adults, 1 child) didn't feel cramped.The room featured:- Two queen-sized beds with all-white bed dressings- A desk area with ample room for my laptop and convenient three-pronged outlet with direct ethernet cable connection (not supplied)- A basic flatscreen TV (didn't use at all so unsure about channels)- Bathroom with complimentary toiletries- Inside the closet: Iron with board; blowdryer; safe; small refrigeratorEverything was clean and the overall value was great. Can't comment on the casino/games or any of the hotel's special services, as we didn't use them. What I wanted was a conveniently located Strip hotel with a clean and comfortable room where I could lay my head down at the end of a long, stinkingly hot and humid day, and that's exactly what I got. Would stay again.
3	I've stayed at the TI twice. It's really nothing crazy and does not meet the extravagant and above and beyond hotels in Vegas. They are far less expensive than the typical 5 star hotel price. During non-peak days, you can find a room for $50. I really don't like the pool at TI. It's very small and it's cheesy. There is no theme carried on in the pool area unlike other Vegas hotels. However, the rooms are nice for the most part. They are in the small side, but still feel a bit luxurious... As luxurious as $50 in Vegas can get. The buffet sucks so don't even bother. The coffee shop (24 hour restaurant) is okay if you like diner type food that's over priced.. Especially for watered down coffee. The Venetian has a much better 24 hour restaurant. It's a beautiful thing that they have a Starbucks right inside... Except the prices are doubled. Casino isn't my favorite... And the Gillys bar looks a bit... Downgraded. Overall, it's a good place to stay if you want a clean room and to be close to the fashion show mall, the Venetian, and Encore/Wynn hotels. Other than your hotel room, there are far more exciting hotels to see in Vegas.
3	Pros: Pretty cheap, even including the "resort charge" they push on you at the last minute. I liked the pool, and the DJ that was there every day was good. Maybe because it's so cheap, Treasure Island seems to attract a younger, trendier crowd than a lot of Vegas hotels, so that was nice. In most parts of the world you have to pay good money to watch young women in bikinis dancing like that.Cons: As mentioned above, they shove a $28/room "resort fee" on you when you go to check in (it's hidden in the small print when you book the room). For three rooms for three nights, this amounted to quite a substantial unexpected fee. The rooms are nice enough, but don't have fridges or coffee-making facilities. Also, the internet in the rooms was pretty terrible. We never got wi-fi working in our room, and the tech guy wasn't allowed to come into the room when we weren't there, so we ended up using wired internet rather than spend our vacation waiting in a room for tech support to show up. Another person in our party was 2 rooms down and his internet worked about 50% of the time we were there. But if you're not planning on using your room for much except sleeping in Vegas, the rooms aren't bad. The staff were helpful enough even if ultimately the wireless internet didn't get fixed.
4	Stayed at Treasure Island, during the Labor Day weekend. The hotel room was right in front of the fireworks for the pirate show, they were nice. The room was cozy with ice cold air ( it was HOT). The bed was so comfortable that I fell asleep time my head hit the pillow. The sheets as crisp, cool and clean. the room are clean with a nice big bathroom and fluffy towels.  They do need bed-skirts for the beds.  I am still thinking about how wonderful I slept in that bed.  The restaurants I went to were okay my favorite was the Vietnamese restaurant PHO. Did not care for the buffet, cotton candy was awesome but the food was nothing to write home about.  The casinos was GOOD to me baby!! I walked away so happy as I was ahead of the game and won on slots. Took my winnings and ran. Thank you TI.
5	The room was clean and the walls were very thick. There was a party going on next door and it was so muffled you had to strain just to hear anything. Once, they left the room though, you could hear them in the hallway so the door wasn't very thick. For just a double queen room, it was very spacious, particularly the bathroom. The hotel itself is centrally located on the strip so very convenient getting around. I will definitely be back!
4	After waiting twenty six excruciating minutes for pedestrians to finish crossing from the Starbucks to the other side, we turned into the treasure island main entrance only to be redirected to the "self-parking" area prior to checking-in. After the excruciating process of finding a parking space we stepped from our Prius into the excruciating, and miserable, heat. Unloading our modest amount or luggage we unknowingly began our journey to the TI lobby. We rush into the air conditioned block of elevators adjacent to the parking garage and hit the glowing brick that says 'casino/hotel'. The ding announces our arrival. We exit and look down an unfamiliar and unmarked hallway. I turn to my partner, "is this the way?" His response, "I believe it is the only way." We take a step towards our inevitable doom towards the clatter and commotion of the intoxicated arcade. We come across a set of escalators downward to the gates of hell it seems, but no the sign disagrees stating, 'hotel/casino' once again. I turn and hesitate, we continue on. Once at the base we are surrounded by merchandise and flyer flickers pleading for our attention, "NO!" We manage to mumble, "we just want to set down our things and take refuge before facing death." They refuse our pleas. We walk for minutes that seem like hours, "which way?!" Do we really have to walk through this mini-mall to get to out hotel lobby?! It was right there?! Or so we thought. Finally after confused wandering, we found ourselves at the back of the line for the TI check-in. How we managed to find it, I still cannot recall. Honestly, what is the point of hiding the check-in? As I carry my luggage to the elevators towards our room I wonder, "do they really think I will stick in a few dollars as I make my way to the front desk? With what free hand? And if the reason for this labyrinth is to punish me for the sin that is self-parking, success. True success TI. Excruciating failure, but your brilliant success."*We did not have to pay the resort fee, thank god, because we booked with hotwire. Also don't use the two for one drink coupons! It's a lie! 25$ a drink! But the room was great for 55$ a night...
3	I give this place a 3-star rating but I have to say I would likely never stay here again.  No, it's not because I've been spoiled staying at other places. In fact, TI is a very nice hotel...piping a warm vanilla scent (eerily reminiscent of a stripper) in their guest room hallways.The linens in the rooms appeared clean (to the naked eye).  We still made sure to rinse out the glasses as a result of the horror stories you hear about maids using furniture polish to clean them.  TV could have been a tad bigger and the window was very small, effectively shrinking our wonderful strip view.I wouldn't come back here because of two things:  The astronomical prices of food in the Vietnamese side of their diner and their valet parking.Diner:  One can argue Hey, it's in a hotel.  It's supposed to be expensive.  I get it...I totally do and that's what I told hubby when we stopped by one evening.  But the more I thought about it, the more unjust it seemed to charge 100% more for a bowl noodles just because it's in a hotel.  Le'ts keep in mind - this is the hotel DINER.  Not some fancy restaurant or gastronomic interpretation of pho.  It's just straight up pho.Valet:  About 75% of the time we approached the valet desk, there was no one there.  A couple times, there were a few of us, holding our tickets, looking around for who can help bail our cars out of what could potentially be a very sneaky way of perpetrating grand theft auto.  When we checked out, there was consistently about 100 people in the waiting area.  For the 45 minutes that we waited there, I realized there were only 3 VALET GUYS.  (Oh yeah, and no one was taking tickets when I first showed up.).  There would be 5-10 minute lulls when there were NO cars being pulled up.  The percentage breakdown of why I wouldn't go back to TI is about 30% Diner and 70% Valet.  This might not matter to many people, especially if you're used to just taking taxis but it just seemed like an easily overlooked yet potentially frustrating service deficiency in a hotel.
4	This was my first time staying at TI and I must admit it wasn't as bad as people said. The rooms are pretty spacious and clean and they seem newly renovated. the beds are SUPER comfy which Is important for me since Its hard to sleep when i'm not in my own bed. The casino area is alright, but the smell of whatever it was trying to mask another smell was a bit overwhelming at times. The pool looked small and It was always packed. (didn't get to the pool because it kept raining and the lightning shut it down when we were ready to head to it) Location is okay, still a lot of walking anywhere but the tram connecting to the Mirage is helpful. ***The hotel fee of $28 per night sucks! ***I'm usually a fan of free shows but the one here is pretty lame and kinda raunchy. They need a new writer ASAP. overall, not a bad experience.
1	Over $200 ($25 resort fee) a night and the rooms have 10 year old Phillips 32 inch tvs, this is listed as 4 star? Motel 6 switch on ac, no thermostat, closet is so small that my hanging shirts are touching the ground. A $15.00 Denver omlette that doesn't come with cheese. This is my first two hours at Treasure Island.
4	Booked some nights here months in advance on the account that we wanted to stay somewhere closer to the center of the strip. Did the $20 trick- worked like a charm!! The woman checking us in knew exactly what was up- upgraded us from the 5th to 30th floor, strip view + complimentary champagne! It was so worth it, the views of the strip were magnificent. Room decor was modern chic, was not expecting that. It was overall standard with a few mishaps- apparently there are no electrical outlets next to the beds, only near the table and in the bathroom. The light in the bathroom is offcenter. The shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion are good quality. The flat screen tv is a little small. We tried to hook up a gaming system and we called and found out they charge you $30 to connect. It was definitely a prime location for exploring a night on the town. Didn't see the Siren show, but we did check out the pool, which was pretty awesome. They have a DJ spinning mostly top 40 but a bar and even some munchies that can be consumed poolside, in addition to several toned waitresses coming by. The pool itself is in a weird shape but has a step that's the perfect height for seating all the way around, and is about 4' deep so you can easily walk along and even carry your drink inside. The spa is okay, I wish it was more open and didn't have the middle seating area. Overall, our stay went pretty well. $20 trick, for the win!
4	very very pleased with this hotel! So far this has been my favorite. Great prices, gave us a deal on the Cirque Du Soleil show we wanted to see. When you check in the give you a two for one buffet ticket, two for one drink special, gym pass for two people, as well as $20 off your next stay.The rooms were very very nice. We stayed on the 28th Floor facing both the Mirage Hotel/ Pool for our Hotel and The Venetian/ Palazzo.Boyfriend lost one of the special offers they gave us at check-in and the clerk gave us a replacement as soon as we told them what happened.  Of the 5 hotels on the strip I have personally stayed in this one was the cleanest, nicest, and had the most helpful employees.
4	My boyfriend and I just left this hotel and casino after a 4 day vacation, and would definitely stay here again. The hotel staff is friendly, and the hotel is clean. The pool is a good size; perfect for families with kids, as well as adults. The Siren show is a good watch, and is right outside of the hotel. The only place we ate at in the hotel was Francesco's, a pizzeria. The pizza was good, and the price was not bad either! All of the other restaurants seemed to be busy at all times, which is a good sign. I wish we had more time to try the other restaurants in this hotel!
3	Nice place, fun, decent location as far as the strip goes. I wish there was a coffee maker in the room, instead I had to travel 40 floors down and through the casino floor to get to a restraint that served it. Lame. No refrigerator either which is lame. My biggest beef was the sneaky deceptive charge of 25.00 per day hidden fees that they hit your card with. So they may tell you its 85.00 per room or whatever your fees may be but rest assured you WILL be charged 25 per day on top of normal fees. Annoying. I do like this Hotel but I will try another one next time
2	Yikes! You obviously get what you paid for. This was the cheapest rate for Labor Day weekend. I stayed in their standard room with a few girlfriends. Nothing special, just your typical hotel room with the usually amenities. Our TV did not work, and the shower would barely get hot. Not the nicest looking hotel, and it's always busy in the casino area. Picking up the car and luggage takes forever! Treasure Island is towards the end of the strip, so if you're trying to go to the other hotels, you have to take taxi especially in the summer when it's blazing hot!!
3	We got the TV special.  It included the Cirque Du Soleil Mystere and the 2 for 1 deal for the buffet.  First disappointment was the show for Mystere does not play on Thursdays  nor Fridays.  (We called in several times about the showing and neither times did they tell us there was no showing on Thursdays or Fridays) The buffet was not good at all!! So not sure if that was a deal or not. Restroom - the sinks, toilet and bath are all in one room.  It would of been nice if the sinks were separate.Overall -  I guess it was an okay hotel to stay especially if you want to be on the strip.
3	My three friends and I got a room during I Heart Radio weekend so the hotel pricing everywhere was ridiculous. We first got 1 king bed and when we went to the counter, we asked for two twins which was perfect. However, they added a $60 fee that everyone had to be charged. I dont know the exact reason but that sucks. The room was alright and had the basic necessities but it definitely is not some luxury hotel. The demographics of people who stay here are all old people haha so we definitely did not fit in. I think all the hip people go to Planet Hollywood like we did last time.That weekend, we ended up being near MGM during the day and nighttime on Saturday and Sunday daytime so we just paid for taxi so many times. We should have stayed around that area so just make sure that whatever clubs or buffets you hit up, it is close to where you stay so you dont have to taxi all the time. You can walk to Caesars Palace for Serendipitys and buffet from Treasure and it is about a 15-20 minute walk, which is totally doable if you are only going for food and you need to walk it off. I really think Planet Hollywood was an ideal location because it had the mall, Fat Tuesday, and 24 hour Earls. Treasure has the Coffee Shop that is 24 hours but not as good as Earls. **TIPS**1) Cheaper than the other places but not the super best location on the strip.2) If you plan on going to XS, this is walking distance so no taxi needed!3) Hotel guests arent the hottest and hippest but it will do.4) Enjoy!
2	This review is only for TI Buffett , not worth the $23.95 per person unless you can get the 2x1 coupon do not waster your money on this Buffett . Lame lame lame pathetic pathetic pathetic.... Enuf said
4	Overdue review lol, I was there for a couple nights for my birthday weekend, and the room was so clean and comfortable and the bed so comfortable that I found it hard not to just stay in the room the entire trip lol. I did not like the check-in process, all a sudden there was some mandatory resort fee that really wasn't properly explained before, and when I expressed concerned, the lady (Katrina I think her name was) got a major attitude with me just because I asked about it. So I gave her a major attitude back the rest of the check-in process. Don't get a flip attitude with me I was just asking for the resort fee to be explained because it wasn't part of my total when I first booked the room.Other than that, my stay was nice. I didn't have a view of the strip however my view of the west and north sides of the City of Las Vegas with the mountains in the background was awesome so I didn't mind not seeing the strip. They could use a better cable TV selection. For as much as people pay for the rooms I was surprised not to find a lot of popular channels available.I don't reward nastiness, and I don't care how many customers you deal with who may ask the same question. You chose that job for a reason. The hotel staff needs to be more positive.
4	Las Vegas's premier ship themed hotel! I have to say we were not expecting much here seeing that it is one of the cheaper hotels on the strip.  The rooms had very comfortable beds and were very quiet.  We are a very loud and rowdy group.  One group of my friends was next door and I could barely hear them when they were going absolutely ballistic at 4am.  That is some accomplishment. We have been kicked out of other hotels.The casino had nice dealers and very favorable rules for blackjack players.  3:2 blackjack with surrender with $15 minimum on a Saturday night?  Nice.  $10 minimum on other times.  They had 2 deck games too at $15 but watch out for 6:5 tables.  Some did not have it on felt, it was on the sign which is misleading.The food in the place wasn't really good.  The coffee shop type place had massively disappointing breakfast.  They have a Senor frogs where you can get a drink 2 for 1 even on Saturday night.Pool is tiny but not that bad.  Definitely one of the worst pools but rowdy and cool crowd.   Walk to strip is not through a mile of malls like some other places, it is very close to the door!
1	If you're planning at staying at TI, I recommend that you don't bring anything of value. You will leave with your bags lighter at the end of the trip. Our team stayed at TI for a conference and while I was out for a few hours the first morning of our trip, my iPad and digital SLR were stolen from my room. When I realized that my room had been ransacked (the intruder left drawers open and opened the closet to try and access the safe), I immediately called hotel security and filed a report. They took my information down and told me that risk management would be in contact with me in 4-5 days, despite me stressing that I would be leaving on a red-eye the next day. Feeling uneasy about receiving any resolution, I went down to the front desk to speak with a manager. They told me there was nothing that they could do that I needed to speak with risk management. This was repeated over and over like a broken record. The following day, I called security to try and get an update and they offered no further support. I was told again that risk management would handle the situation. He did provide me with the number to risk management and I left a voicemail after repeated attempts to get a live person on the phone. Feeling frustrated, I took time away from the event that I was attending and went to the front desk again, hoping to seek a sliver of assurance that my situation would be handled with care. I spoke to another manager who gave me the same run around - there was nothing that he could do and that I needed to speak with risk management. Wait until Monday, he said. He proceeded to ask me if I had my report number on a pink slip of paper, and a copy of my report. This was news to me as I had received no such information - which only heightened my feeling of being lost in the shuffle. My stay at Treasure Island was my first and last. Should you take the chance and stay at TI, you're putting yourself at risk and will receive absolutely no comfort from hotel management even if you've been robbed blind. Here I am 48 hours later, with no resolution or even a phone call to acknowledge the situation. Take my advice, and stay at literally any other establishment on the strip. There's no way their customer service could be as poor as TI. They definitely set the bar low.
3	OK
4	Loved this hotel!  I absolutely would stay here again.  What I liked:*It's small, so easy to get around in this hotel.  Compared to some of the others which were massive and easily get lost in lol*Good customer service*Check-in and check-out was easy*Room was nice, clean and spacious*Close to everything (not as central as say, the Bellagio...but it was pretty close)*Free evening shows
1	Customer Service was horrible. The Manager even worse that his own staff. What happen to resolving the issues and the customer is always right! ( or at least try ) My wife had booked a 2 night stay only thing it was under her name not mine she contacted hotels.com and my name got added great service by hotels.com. I needed to extend my stay by 1 more day I had my wife extend it with Hotels.com. The issue started when I went down stairs to confirm my extended day. Front desk would not help me because I was not in the system and when asked to speak with manager I was rudely helped by John (manager). He was unwilling to check with hotels.com to confirm my reservation and was rude and loud I explained that I had already been in the room 2 days and even showed the email received by hotels.com that I had extended my stay. I could not believe they where unwilling to check. Well guess what he asked me to leave HIS hotel immediately and was escorted by security to get my things out of the room. I contact Hotels.com and the rep there contacted the hotel spoke with the manager and cleared everything up. Ridiculous never stay here again something so simple turned in to a horrible experience . I guess that at TI they don't go the extra mile for there guest not even 2 steps!!!Forgot to mention I had stayed in a Tower Suite one of there more expensive rooms! It comes with slippers & a robe but excludes customer service!!!
3	Treasure Island is a good-priced option to stay on the strip.  Rooms are pretty nice although not as lavish as you'd find at more upscale hotels.  We stayed in a room that had a partial strip view but unfortunately also had a view of the pool which made for some loud thumping in the morning despite us being on the 15th floor.  Beds were super comfortable, though!  Oh - also, if you come in late, they do not guarantee that you get your original room choice, boo on that.  We had asked for a room with two double beds and instead ended up with one that only had a king.The casino interior is a bit outdated and they have yet to abandon their pirate theme for the generic 'we're so fancy' theme that all the other hotels go for these days.  In any case, I have no complaints - I have stayed here several times in the past and will definitely stay here again when I'm looking to do a more budget Vegas trip.
1	Had made reservations for TI for 2 nights. When we got to our rooms which we paid about $170/night (+$25 resort fee) I was unimpressed by the chipped furniture, stained chairs, and dirty carpeting. We were pretty disappointed since it seemed more like a $30 room, but then we took off our shoes to find out the carpeting was wet and sticky. We called the front desk and they gave us a different room. When we got to that room, the sheets were not changed. There were about 20 hairs on one of the pillows and it looks like someone trimmed their beard then rolled into bed. We called again and the front desk said they were sending up the housekeeping manager to take a look at the room. We waited 40 minutes and decided we didn't want to be moved to another dirty room so we asked for our refund. Since we booked through Travelocity, they kept telling us, it was a third party and there was nothing they could do. We have been on the phone with Travelocity multiple times and they have to request the refund- which TI is not allowing. This has turned into the worse experience I have ever had with a hotel. I would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	I'll never stay here again. I was happy with the price but as the saying goes... You get what you pay for. The rooms are nice enough but housekeeping is horrible. They ignore the do not disturb signs and miss basic things like emptying the trash or picking up things on the floor. I feel like a fool for leaving a tip for them the first few days. The pool is small but OK however there is a good reason the cabanas cost half as much as other hotels. The service is horrible. We watched our waitress sit and flirt with a group of guys while we waited an hour for a round of drinks. Then to top it off.. the bar closed an hour early and no one bothered to tell us until we attempted to order a round. Oh and don't bother ordering room service they will get it wrong more often than not. Pretty bad service. Wasn't this hotel cool once?
5	I did not stay at their hotel.  However, I gambled here :-)  Loved the atmosphere! Great service all around.  Dealers were very helpful and friendly.
4	This review is based on staying in the Tower Suite and does not reflect standard rooms.PROS: The room: LARGE ROOM, living room, huge super comfy bed, table with chairs, desk, flat-screen TV, double-door entry, large window, two bathrooms (his and hers). The hotel: Nice hotel in a good location on the strip. Plenty of restaurants, bars, and even a 24 hour Starbucks. CONS: The room: The TV was fairly small with not so great speakers. The hotel: Nice hotel, but don't expect a super awesome "Pirate Theme"; some parts of the casino have a Pirate vibe to it, but not as extravagant as you would hope for. Although there are quite a few bars, this is one of the only major resorts on the strip with no night-club. If clubbing is your thing, expect to walk a little ways to another resort for that club experience. Upon check-in, definitely take advantage of the complimentary valet parking. If you self-park, you will have to walk a very long way through the casino to get to the front-desk. OVERALL: I would stay here again when they run the "buy one night get one free" again, although there are other resorts on the strip that I like much more that I would stay at, unless TI has a great special on rooms again.
2	2 star rating because I miss the original Treasure Island. Back when Steven Wynn owned it, the place was pirate themed and kid friendly with a pretty cool midway and outdoor pirate show. I loved the old sign with the pirate skull and swords. I also loved the Oatmeal soap. You can say I'm real bitter about the change...Now? It's a shadow of what it once was. So they added a Circ show... Changed the outdoor show to the Sirens? Meh. They're trying to reel in the asian gamblers by adding Pho to their cafe. It's meh. There spa is called Oleksandra and they provide guest's with their products in the room. To me, the stuff smells funny. The only real pros are-AAA Four diamond hotel meaning, customer service should be off the chain good-Within walking distance to the other major hotels and casinos-Less expensive option if you're attending a convention across the street @ Venitian-Clean rooms
4	Booked a room here.  Made our way up the elevators, and met a random guy in the elevator.  He asked us how to get to the 36th floor.  We kept pushing it, it didn't light.  Must be broken.  The guy goes, " I had a hard time getting up there last night because I was drunk..."  Um...ok... Later my friend and I entered the elevator again.  I made a comment about the dude, and later noticed you need your room card to enter the 36th floor.  What a ding dong...Anyway, the rooms are decent.  There are handle railes for those who need assistance getting in and out of the tub.  Our room had a/c that was kind of working, or was working but wasn't as strong as the other hotel rooms we've stayed in.  There was cable.  I learned how dangerous killer whales are, especially at Seaworld.  Parking was good.  The valet was full, but we were able to valet.  The only sucky part about our stay this time is that TI didn't allow us to have 1 hour extended time.  If we did, it would cost $100.  Lame...
4	Clean rooms, nice beds, great room service menu (yum! Get the surf & turf) and really affordable. Unfortunately I can't give this hotel five stars because it's nightlife aspect is lacking immensely. All of the bars close at two (Isn't this Vegas?) Besides the "breeze bar" which is just some tiny shack in the middle of the casino.. But, there's easy access to the strip! all you have to do is walk 100 feet. For the rooms and how nice everything was, you can't beat the price. I just wish there were a little bit more amenities for the younger crowd..The beds are incredible!!! especially when at home you have an $800 Tempur-pedic mattress.. it's hard to compete with! But I was pleased!
3	This is a review of the upper floors (36) which I'm told are much nicer than the lower floors. I can imagine. The room, while not as big as Venetian or Palazzo or Wynn etc was still very nice.The place seemed upgraded with new furniture and had enough space. Not like the cramped rooms at New York, New York.The casino itself is alright and the location is good. Unless you're walking to the Cosmo. Then it's a little far. It could use a few better restaurants but other than that, I'd stay here again. On the 36th floor.
2	God, this hotel is dated. It needs such a revamp it isn't even funny. When you walk through the cosmopolitan and then head back here, your heart breaks a little bit.Here's what our experience delightfully entailed:1) A buffet that upset our buddy's stomach all day2) cleaning service that managed to knock over one of my (brand new, completely full) beauty products. I came home to find it half full. Guess what half of that was? Water that they used to cover it up. Total BS.3) Most importantly: our friend, the bride, had her room broken into on our first night. She walked in to find the door busted open. She was in a suite by the elevators. Did the hotel do anything?Nope.Stay away. The rates aren't worth the experience.
5	This is for ADMIRAL: he works at the desk and takes care of your show/room reservations. He works from 2PM-930PM! Awesome man, and he will definitely take care of YOUR INTERESTS.He is so kind and he really does look out for you, even when I called several times (which I'm sure is annoying to most reps). He answered all of my questions with so much patience and went far and beyond in customer service. Actually, probably the best customer service I've ever had. If you need help or suggestions or even just want to talk to a nice representative to make a simple transaction, ADMIRAL is awesome!!! (Not sure how the other reps are, but hopefully they're all as nice as Admiral!) I hope TI gives out bonuses or some kind of reward or recognition for reps that make a difference to their customers!He helped me get Mystere tickets and a hotel room after a reservation through Groupon failed... I really appreciated his help so much that I'm writing a review for him! Also, I realized that I talked to him about a week ago as well as today, when I needed to ask some general questions about Mystere. He was really helpful and nice at that time too.I love nice people :)
4	Let me start by saying that, I'm being very generous with a 4 star rating here but honestly I have never had a bad stay here (2 visits). Nowadays I'll book here when I have to go on a quick trip or if I'm on a tight budget.BASIC is the one word to describe TI. It was one of the mainstays in the 1990s and early 2000s, but as soon as the big boys started coming in, it sort of just fell back in the shadows.However, if you're not looking to spend for some of the higher tier hotels but want to stay above some of the lower end joints (Flamingo, Harrahs, etc), TI is one of your better picks.  Rooms are clean and simple. The pool is comfortable but far from luxurious.  Casino leans towards mid-lower limits, so if you want a clean yet affordable place to gamble. the TI would suite your needs.Also be sure to tip the representative at check-in. Super easy to get a strip view upgrade from the basic room and TONs of coupons (BOGO buffets, comp drink, etc)! My biggest complaint would be the lack of a nightclub. I like to pick a hotel where I can just drink beyond my limits on one of the nights of my visit and be able to walk right upstairs to my room and knockout. They had the Christian Audigier Nightclub a couple years back, but it closed down. This review didn't really sell TI as your Vegas destination haha. But if you just want a clean room to crash at, it's a great value. And the location is top notch. You're right next door to xS, Tryst, Surrender, Tao, and 1OAK Nightclubs, so you'll save a ton on cab fees.Overall, a SOLID and great VALUE spot.
4	We stayed at Treasure Island for two nights and I was pleasantly surprised.  For one of the older casinos it was very comfortable.  Check in was a breeze and we were early. Our room on the 27th floor, faced the strip and was quiet, comfortable and clean. The casino has lots of the latest slots and even though I didn't win a lot I did try some of the other casinos and they weren't giving away money either.  We had lunch at the buffet which was plenty adequate and service was good.  We had dinner at the Kahuna, the chicken sliders were awful but the waiter was great, we also had dinner at the coffee shop where the food was good but the service was awful.  If you're looking for gourmet dining this is not the place to go but for a low key fun time I would go back.
1	As a frequent Vegas goer, the times a would stay at TI was only because I would get a special rate of $39-$79/night. But it has declined so much in the years that have passed that I will not stay here any longer! If you arrive past 1am on a weekend, the valet will be full! Venetian, bellagio, MGM, aria, Cosmo, planet Hollywood, and Caesars require that you to be a guest if the valet seems to be filling.. It's only courtesy to the guest actually staying at the hotel! But I guess you get what you pay for. Next, the rooms we wanted were no longer available. Usually I hear an upgrade, but in TI's case, downgrade. Then the rooms are dirty and things are not working. Forget about calling the front desk. Nothing will be done. They will say no other room is available. And that nothing can be done until the checkout time the following day. So if you're only here a weekend, there goes your Saturday! Horrible service! Small hotel with nothing to offer. Like I said, you get what you pay for. It's really unfortunate because I really really used to enjoy staying here. Not up to Vegas standards.
1	Vary rude and unprofessional bellman. Management needs to focus on customer service improvement.
1	I've stayed here several times because of the affordable price and location. This last trip, however, was probably my last at TI.  Previously simply declining the resort fee was enough. This time I was told it was mandatory at check-in. That added $140 to my bill for a 5 night stay.  That was bad. Worse, Brandi at check-in all but accused me of lying about bidding for the room via Priceline.  Buyer beware here. Apparently being a loyal repeat customer means nothing here.
3	Time for a review update.  The main thing this place has going for it right now is it's location.  If you're in town for a convention at the Venetian/Palazzo, it's a cheap option for staying near the Sands Expo and Convention Center.  Room rates are generally 1/2 of the price of the Venetian/Palazzo.We stayed here twice this past year for conventions we were attending and the only place we went to at the hotel was Gilley's for country/western music & dancing.  The rest of the property is not too exciting....by Vegas standards.We've seen Mystere half a dozen times so there's no real incentive to watch it again.The rooms are just ok, nothing special.  Keep your expectations realistic.  Hopefully, the property doesn't decline any further as it's already 20 yrs old now.  As long as they remain a cheap alternative for rooms during conventions, we'll keep coming back from time to time.Return Factor - 60%
3	There is nothing special about the hotel here... and no reason to come here, but to watch Mystere. They have now officially closed down the pirate show in front of the hotel in favor of opening up some more generic drugstores and that sort along the front. I wasn't a big fan of the hotel before... but I liked the ORIGINAL pirates fighting show. I lost more interest in this hotel when they "sexified" up the show to become "Sirens of TI"... a show with a bunch of half naked girls dancing and singing... with too many sexual innuendos to be a free family show...I have never actually stayed in the rooms here, so I cannot comment of the quality of their rooms... but my favorite hotel is Venetian/Palazzo, so my standards may be higher than others.As far as the hotel and casino itself... it is VERY stuffy. They spray this scent in the hotel, that I guess is to help cover up the smoke smells... but is is WAY too strong and makes it hard to breath because the scent actually practically suffocates you, especially with the low ceilings. I hate walking into the hotel because of that. The hotel itself looks outdated on the inside. I don't know how good their players card rewards are as I only play where I'm loyal to to maximize my rewards... but I do not have enough interest in this hotel to "invest" in it. They have a tiny arcade hidden in the back... I remember as a kid coming here and it actually had a midway area... all that is gone now. Now that I've seen Mystere here... and that the pirate show is gone. I have no real reason to come to this hotel...
4	TI has the dubious honor of being the hotel I've stayed at the most in Vegas. They always get me with some crazy Priceline or Hotwire deal, even when I try my best to stay elsewhere. I've learned to appreciate TI. Since my first stay there in 2009, the rooms have been renovated and are a bit nicer now. The best part about staying at TI is the location. That's why we're all here. No one is here for easy access to Senor Frog's. It's great to be across the street from the 24 hour Walgreen's, from Bouchon bakery, and from Fashion Show Mall. TI has two Starbucks locations, one of which is open 24 hours. On my last visit, I ended up waking up from a "nap" at 3am and it was great to have a place to go for a reliable snack. It's not luxury and the hotel is not cool at all, but it's great to have money to spend on nicer meals and other fun elsewhere.
1	Let's start with the basics. We booked a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor for one week. When we arrived, we were told that only smoking rooms on smoking floors were available. The entire party (we booked several rooms) registered displeasure with this but we were told there were no other options. Period. The manager assured us that it would be barely noticeable. Well, as you can imagine, when we stepped onto the tenth floor, we virtually needed an oxygen mask. The odor was strong enough to be revolting. Later that night, the smell of weed was so over-powering that we elected to hit The Strip a bit early rather than rest. The next day, we all requested a room-change and reported the weed stench (which management made a note of and indicated that security would investigate). We were promptly moved. However, when we arrived in our new room and opened our luggage, everything reeked of smoke. (Right now, our suitcases are open in the foyer in an attempt to air them out ... still, we are concerned we may have to dispose of it). Our clothes, of course, can be washed. (We picked up "Tide with Frebreze," so that should help). Now, please note that the door to the rooms need to be pulled sharply closed. (This applied to all rooms). Be SUPER vigilant of this. One of the folks in our party TWICE forgot to pull the door sharply closed and was lucky that no one robbed her. (Also, watch for the privacy tags, these can block the door from closing also). Keep an eye on the fine print. I cannot emphasize this enough. You receive internet service in the resort fee ($28.00 a day ... no exceptions for anyone). HOWEVER, this is for ONE device. Therefore, if you and your boyfriend/girlfriend each have a device, it is an additional $19.99 a day. If you add your phone, an additional $19.99 a day. This is NOT entirely noticeable ... it is in the fine-print, and we were lucky enough to notice it. We were excited to have a mini-fridge since we wanted to buy some pastries at Bouchon for the morning. However, the odor was unreal. This fridge went unused. The crowd who seems to frequent this hotel is a "little rough." So keep a close eye on your belongings. (We had several awkward elevator rides with some truly stoned and shady characters .... two of whom appeared indigent). This is not a Wynn, Bellagio, or Four Seasons.Finally, if you book this hotel with the promise of amenities, print that screen. When we arrived, we were not given our two-per-room free buffet vouchers. We were told that was not an option. When I explained that it was a part of the package, the girl checking us in said it was not and asked for proof. I asked her how I could prove it ... she requested a screen-shot (LOL!) or a print out. I had to be "that person" and request a manager who gave us the comps "as a favor to us." (Double LOL!)Note: there is no concierge at this hotel. So if you need show-tickets, they will try to get you to visit the individual casinos. What a waste of time. Instead, just call the casino and then they will direct you to a sister-casino to pick up the tickets. For example, some of us wanted to see Carrot Top, so we called the Luxor and then were permitted to pick up tickets as The Mirage ... one casino north). Other resorts we have frequented have a concierge who will get tickets for a party. These are not people who place the customer first.Book this hotel with extreme caution.
2	We got a suite here whilst driving to California last minute as the price was really good (it was $120 as it was a Sunday night).Was very disapointed with the room as it as very dated and old. The lighting in the room was not the best and the barthroom felt like it had not been updated since the 1960's.I would have expected something a bit better considering TI is listed as a 4*.
4	I've stayed at TI twice now. It's a nice place to stay and a good value. I don't care much for the restaurants here, there are much better places to dine on the LV strip, in my opinion. But the rooms are sleek, clean, and comfortable. When I stayed at TI over Thanksgiving this year, I found out the Siren's (pirate ship) show has been permanently canceled to make room for more stores and shopping. What a bummer! Another piece of cheesy/free Las Vegas strip entertainment lost out to building yet another shopping center. As if being next to the Fashion Show Mall isn't already enough? Oh well...that's business, I guess. Regardless, I like the location and would recommend TI for its nice and reasonably priced rooms.
4	This is a great hotel to stay at if your on a budget. I actually won some money and got some free stuff from them points I got . I will probably come stay here next time.
3	Pricey restaurants with average food. However, nice location and clean rooms.
2	This was the first hotel I stayed at when I turned 21 and went to Vegas, but on my most recent trip (this past weekend) I had the worst hotel experience since my friend booked our stay at Circus Circus (just don't do it!). The people who checked us in we're rude, they put us in a smoking room after we requested non-smoking multiple times. After our first night they found the 1 non-smoking room in the entire hotel and gave it to us, and in that room there wasn't even a working TV.There are a lot of Amazing hotels and casinos in Las Vegas, if you are looking for a place to sleep the beds are comfortable, but I'm afraid after my last trip thats all TI has to offer.I hope they get back to the old good days.
3	Compared to the more updated hotels and casino, treasure island isn't as glamerous and nice. It has a nice location if you plan on going to Xs that night, and has the shopping mall nearby. The room I stayed at was nothing special, just a standard size hotel room that didn't really stand out in anyway. The casino floor had this peculiar smell to it, so it needs some renovation work to be done. The tables are normally around $10 minimum. If you're on a budget, then this place would be okay. If you can spend a little more money (and you're in Vegas, so this option should be available to most people unless you're in college or something), then I would stay elsewhere.
4	Nice hotel. We traveled to Vegas for the National Finals Rodeo and chose Treasure Island as our home base. I must say, every staff member we encountered was great! Friendly, helpful, they all seemed to love their job! The only reason for 4 stars is the hotel itself is pretty dated - outlets in our room did not work and we had problems with flickering lights. Overall a great experience.
2	This is a nice hotel and offers clean basic rooms with great views.  The casino is nice, but even though it is big, it feels small.  For slot players, dated machines can bore you quickly.  Table games are on the expensive side, which is surprising.  I realize that they are on the strip, but you can't charge Venetian rates if your casino is kind of isolated.  Ironic, on the strip, but they are at the end and not easy walking distance to it.  Ship show is boring.  It's ok, but with all the other choices nearby, it just doesn't match them in gaming excitement or atmosphere.
1	The hotel is extremely nice, however the reason for my low rating is the noise from the pirate show at night. This woke me up and the hotel staff were unwilling to assist with changing my room and did not mention this at all. We were told we got a jacuzzi room and just had a jacuzzi tub that barely fit one person.
3	This is not a review of a room, but a visitor's review:There is really no reason to come here unless you're staying here for some reason.  It looks cool outside, in the Siren's Cove area there are ships you can look at, but they don't do the Siren's Cove shows outside anymore, so there's nothing to really attract you to this hotel.  Inside they hardly tried to continue the pirate theme so there's nothing to look at.  No statues of Blackbeard or Jack Sparrow, just some windows attached to the ceiling for some reason haha.  The casino is nothing special and I'm not even sure if it's well managed because one of the supervisor's is completely clueless to her surroundings - I stopped her to ask her a question while she was holding an envelope full of money and counting it right in front of me while we were right next to the door!  If I were a criminal I could've easily snatched it and ran, so unprofessional.  The only reason to come here is to see Mystere, which was amazing, and if you're watching that I recommend eating somewhere first.
1	I have just came here for staying two days. Feel so upset because of customer service. Room is not as clean as I thought. There is no reason to stay here, but to watch mystere.
5	We got a panoramic view in our room, which was great, we could see the strip, and the mountains. Our room was spacious enough for the two of us. The king bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was simple but clean. Having a safe and mini fridge in the room was nice. Hotel staff was very nice to deal with, and made our stay comfortable. Really no complaints. Hotel's casino was conviently linked to the fashion show mall.
5	Out of all my times in Vegas, I've stayed at TI the most. We seem to get the most bang for our buck here. I came here this past weekend to celebrate my birthday and we managed to get a free upgrade to the luxury suite. They also threw in free champagne because it was my birthday. We dealt with the front desk on two separate occasions about things varying from rollout beds, extra keys, charges, etc. The ladies working at the desk were extremely helpful and hooked it up. I can definitely say that i will be hitting up Treasure Island again next time I am here. Good looking out ladies.
4	I love this hotel. I stayed here before and I thought it was just an OKAY hotel. But then the next time I came to Vegas, I stayed at the Paris, and it was horrible! So now my friends and I decided to go to Vegas to celebrate New Year's Eve, I told them to stay at Treasure Island. So we did, and it was a right decision!The hotel is nice, doesn't look like an old hotel. The bed is nice and comfortable, the interior is luxurious, the TV is flat screen (unlike Paris' that has old TV; bulky and has antennas!), and the bathroom is nice and looks elegant!The only reason why I give 4 stars instead of 5 is their Buffet. They don't offer a lot of variety of food, and their food aren't that good, but they do offer a pretty good deal for it; 2 people for a price of one. Not bad, but there are other hotels' buffets that offer better food.But yeah, this hotel is a great hotel for a pretty good deal
4	I was in Vegas for a family vacation, and we needed to stay somewhere affordable because we had a large party booking several rooms. We got a good deal at Treasure Island but I wasn't sure what to expect. I was very happy with the hotel. The rooms are modern, clean, comfortable, and spacious. There was a mini fridge, which was great for bottled water and snacks. I had limited dealings with hotel staff but they were always pleasant and polite. The gym isn't huge but I never had to wait for a machine. Honestly I have no complaints.The casino floor was definitely not as fancy as some of the other hotels: for example, I previously stayed at The Venetian and there's a definite difference in the gaming portions of the hotels. Also, the food options are not great within the hotel itself. But I didn't spend much time in the casino, and there are tons of great food options just steps away (including a Starbucks just around the corner), so that wasn't a big deal. Excellent location on the strip, I would definitely stay here again.
2	Stayed here this past weekend for 5 days/4 nights .FYI $28 resort fee here per day and rooms were about $55 with tax Upon check in- no rooms available 'with my requested type' (NS King- regular room- ) so we were placed into a two queen bed room for the night. (wasnt happy about that- my BF is larger- we were pretty squooshed in that bed!)Next day we had to try to get the 'right room' and had to stand in line at desk to do so (1/2 hour wait) and they gave us another room as they had said they would.Usually , in all the other hotels in Vegas they would upgrade or comp you something to try to make amends that first night- They didnt- and should have- moving rooms was a pain in the butt. I spoke with the front desk staff she was very " I could give a rats ass if you stay here or not' and when I spoke with the manager on duty-even she didnt seem to care if I was unhappy or not.That fake smile was so annoying.Its not like the entire hotel was full- it was New years Day-everyone was checking OUT. Take note TI from Caesars,NYNY, and even CircusCircus - who have all done that ! Ive been to Las Vegas at least 10 times...Really TI?Room was pretty standard-nothing spectacular- but bathroom and tub were nice size.Halls were really quiet and room was on 22nd floor with decent view.The entrance where the check in is could use some updating- the colors are old and seventies and still a bit of that 'Pirate' flair which they look like they are moving away from.(and should - its not a daycare - its a hotel)
1	I am writing this review as I continue my stay at Treasure Island. I am here in Vegas for CES and so far Treasure Island is not making it easy for me to come back for an additional stay.When I reserved my room months ago, I specified that I require a non-smoking room due to my asthma - staying in smoking rooms makes my asthma act up and then I can't breathe. When I checked in, there were no non- smoking rooms available. Ok, that's fine. The front desk then found me a room that is smoking "optional" whatever that means.When I entered my room, I was appalled. The rooms tables, surfaces, dresser and even the sheets has significant dust in them. It was clear the room had not been used or cleaned in a very long time. Running your finger along the surfaces resulted in a dark black layer of dust, so I was very disappointed. When I contacted the frith desk I was told I could not change rooms due to CES. When I requested housekeeping to come clean the room it took an hour and a trip in person to the front desk. The housekeeping team showed up and did a full clean, but it was pretty annoying and gross to show up in a room so filthy.
3	We stayed at TI for 5 nights. No problem. Good place if you don't care about the fancy rooms and just have a hotel to sleep. They are into saving water and towel and reusing bed sheets unless asked to, so I thought that was good.
1	So I typically love TI because of Gilley's and Senor Frogs. My girlfriend and I always stay here for our annual trip but during our trip December 9th through the 12th we had a horrible experience! We check in and go to our room to rest a bit and my friend notices a weird patten on the tile floor in the bathroom. She thought it was blood spatter I thought it was the tile pattern...I was wrong. There were dried blood stains all over the bathroom floor and in the grout that came up with just water and a wash cloth meaning no one cleaned that bathroom since whatever occurred. It was the most disgusting unsanitary thing I have ever experienced; I mean you pay a $25 "resort fee" each day and it felt like a motel. When we informed management they asked us if we wanted someone to come up to clean the bathroom...we were shocked! This wasnt just a little blood it definitely fell into the amount of a safety/special clean up. Cleanliness is important and the management's lack of concern is a concern.
2	I suppose I'm taking out my disdain on Las Vegas itself - it is certainly not for me.  Depressingly trashy and full of boring chain restaurants, I don't understand why anyone would waste vacation time here.  We were on our way to Zion and Bryce Canyon and had to fly into the hell-hole known as Las Vegas.  We initially booked two nights because we'd never been, and we were both ready to leave by the morning.  Thank God that Red Rock Canyon and Hoover Dam were nearby.That being said, Treasure Island the hotel itself was nice and cheap.  They probably hate people like me, who get a $40 room and are expected to make up the difference by gambling hundreds of dollars.  No thanks.  They do up-charge for WIFI, etc.  The rooms were upscale and beds were luxuriously comfortable.  The hotel has everything that you could expect at a hotel in Vegas- robots sitting at slot machines with a lit cigarette, a cheap drink, and permanent frowns plastered on their face.  It also had cheesy places like "Kahunaville" and "Senor Frogs" in the bottom of the hotel.  Having heard glorious things about buffets in Vegas, we had to check out the one at Treasure Island.  Think: cafeteria/jail food quality.  The Treasure Island Pirate ("strip") show is definitely for adults only- not sure why people had their 12 year kids there.  Definitely plenty of immature innuendos going on, while prepubescent boys drooled with desire and dads guffawed at the scantily clad pirate strippers.  Won't ever go back to Vegas, so won't have the pleasure of staying here again.  And if I somehow do find myself here, I hope there's a loaded gun available.
2	Beware. Dirty casino. They fired all the dancers of the Sirens show 2 weeks before Christmas. They shut down 2 of 3 lanes in front of the pirate ships so they can add a CVS instead???  And it blocks traffic during the busiest week of the year!  The staff is very unhappy. Tom the doorman yells at all the taxi drivers on our way out. No wonder the taxis don't come back to pick up the huge line waiting for cabs. He told the taxi driver for the passenger in front of me to take the long way to the airport because he didn't get a tip for opening the door!  (Taxi driver loaded the luggage...). I heard Tom tell someone if they didn't like it they can take their business to Mirage next door. (Good idea).  Not much of a treasure for the T of TI.
1	Horrid customer service. Lack of security at elevators and no cameras in hallways makes for burglar paradise.We stayed at TI on December 25, 26, 27 with our extended family. On Christmas night, our locked rooms were pried and broken into and $8,000 worth of cash and merchandise was stolen. We have been calling risk management for the past two weeks but they have not been picking up, giving us the run around. I can't believe this is the way we are being treated as loyal customers of over 20 years. We want this resolved as soon as possible.Also talked to security and found out there are NO cameras in hotel room hallways due to privacy reasons. So what if something more horrid than a burglary happens there? Tough luck.
4	Of the three hotels my friends and I were deciding on I'm really glad we chose this one. Our room was really nice and clean and we had a great view. The pool area was a little small but it was really nice and not too crowded. The location is awesome too, it's right across the street from the Wynn and smack dab in the middle of the strip.Everyone kept telling me how smoky all the casinos were going to be but I didn't see anyone smoking inside until the last day we were there so that was a good surprise. The service was super slow when we were playing the slots though, it was almost impossible to find someone to get us drinks.I really liked this hotel and it was great for a first trip to Vegas. When I go again I definitely want to do it a little bigger and better and go to a more upscale hotel with a nicer pool area, but this hotel is great!
4	THE HOTEL ROOMI thought the rooms were very nice and clean. I don't understand the negative reviews, it's not The Cosmopolitan or The Bellagio so don't expect 5 star rooms when you're paying less than half the price.The rooms aren't huge but they're newly renovated and nicely appointed. The bath tubs are larger than most standard rooms which was a big plus. The beds are quite comfortable also. Location is great, right across from the mall and the Wynn hotel, walking distance to everything and a tram ride to the Mirage.Yes there's a $28 per night resort fee that's required upon check in but that's also stated when you're booking the hotel, so why the hell are people surprised? Every hotel charges a resort fee in Las Vegas similar to TI.
4	I come here a lot with my partner.  I have always enjoyed my stay here.  Very clean rooms,  never had a problem.  Staff is courteous and friendly.  I will say our rooms are always comped so I'm not sure if it's pricey to stay here. There is lots to do downstairs.  The casino seems good,  we've played blackjack and some slots here several times....always won a little bit of money. They do have this grouping of tables where all the dealers are dressed like hoochies wearing nothing but panties and bras.  Not my kind of thing to play cards with a half naked chic who doesn't seem to be enjoying herself that much...but I guess some guys are in to that. I could live without those tables..but it's Vegas.  The hotel is in a good location,  close to other big name hotels so if you get bored downstairs you can take a long walk to another hotel with the same kind of stuff...lol. All in all...we always enjoyed our stay and will be back.
5	I love this place , very clean , rooms are big and clean , customer service very professional , outside they have limo rides and they will take you to anywhere you need to go , give them a smile and they won't charge you !I definitely stay here next time !
3	Stayed her on MLK. Honestly, not a great hotel, but hey, a bed is a bed. Two queen size accommodating more than 7 people is definitely a dog fight. Pros:Cheap roomsCons:Have to walk on the strip for foodlobby food way too expensive Not really close to any popular clubs
4	I've stayed here twice...well, maybe 3 times? I can't remember exactly, but what I do remember is this is the place to stay if you're not looking to spend too much or too little money. It's nice enough where it's worth paying the 60 extra bucks a night vs staying somewhere like the Riviera or the Luxor (lame excuses for vegas hotel rooms). It's in a very good location, they show Mystere Cirque Du Soleil here which is probably the best Cirque show in Las Vegas (second would be Zumanity) and the rooms are a good size! You don't feel like youre sitting on top of each other, or like you're living out of your suitcase. I love this place, I only have had good experiences here. You also get priority viewing to the Sirens of T.I show if you're staying at this hotel, although granted, the show is pretty cheesy, but it's nice not to have to look over a hundred heads to get a good view.
1	I come to Vegas a lot for work but I've never stayed at TI and ive heard ok things. Will NEVER be back and its only night one for me. Stains all over the furniture in my room, (nasty stains on couch, won't be sitting down), the window wont close all the way so it sounds like a wind tunnel in my room. their remedy is to duct tape it. Really?? What if i wanted to actually use the window, do I have to keep reordering duct tape from downstairs? Called front desk to see if i can switch rooms, negative. Wouldn't give me time of day. Will never be back. Shocked to see such poor hospitality. Just awful
1	In sum, never be back again. Unless you just want a cheap place on strip, and don't care about anything else, go for it.Pro: cheap room, Sunday 58per night + 28 resort fee per room similar as elsewhere.Room is not big but clean and okay.Cons:1. Heavy Smokey casino, 2. No coffee maker, want hotwater for drink? Pay for it.3.super bad attitude of service department, when I called them about the drinking hotwater, they treat me super rude, "do you have hotpot to make hot water?" "No we don't have any available now." "How about ?....." Beep beep .... They cut off the phone!?! 4. Don't care about customer complain, ask for supervisor, frond desk will transfer you quickly to a line, so called "supervisor", and well, you will never get chance to speaks with a human, all you got is a voicemai box and manager never return back call
1	Getting a suite isn't too bad. It's big, but a few of the other times I went, I was met with an awful experience. My friends and I stayed here for a night and I've stayed here before and it was pretty nice, but this trip was not so great. When we first came to the room, it was freezing cold so we turned on the heater. About 10 minutes later, we smelled something burning. At first we thought it was the iron, but it wasn't even plugged in, then we followed the smell to the heater and tried to turn it off, where my friend then got slightly electrocuted. When we came back from our night out, we got the bedding ready to sleep, but when we flipped out comforter, there was a blood stain crusted on our sheets. I immediately called in for a change of bedding. Despite how disgusting it was, they did manage to bring me a different blanket in a timely manner.
4	My husband and I visited Las vegas in Dec, 2013. While looking for hotels to stay at, we liked TI coz it was placed on the strip and had relatively good reviews in all the sites with affordable prices. We reached there by 11.30 AM and were wondering whether we had to wait till 3 PM for checkin. Luckily, they were allowing early check in that day. We had our meals in pho ca dao and bfast at the coffee shop. The casino was nice and not overcrowded. It was lively and exciting but not too overwhelming and congested. The self park behind the hotel gets full easily so make sure you reach early to get a parking spot. The only time we needed the car was when we went to Circus circus, Stratosphere and the Mob museum. It is centrally placed and considerably safe.We were given buffet passes for lunch in a weekday. The buffet had several cuisines. The taste was ok. Can't complain as it was free!I have reduced a single star bcoz the carpets were quiet stained and the hotel gave a kind of smokey dingy smell. Just a little bit but it was very obvious when we first came in... Got used to it in a day though!
4	As far as hotels go, TI is pretty swell. The casino isn't huge, but it seemed to treat us favorably. Room service was quick and the the rooms are great. Called room service one morning for extra towels and they were there within 5 minutes. Beds are comfortable, with enough pillows. Bathrooms are spacious. TV has some basic offerings.But extra channels, Wifi and amenities are pretty expensive (probably on par with other hotels in Vegas). Overall a great hotel for the rate.
2	I was very disappointed with my stay at TI. I took my a large part and rented three rooms for two nights. I had what appeared to be a decent deal through hotels.com. The rooms came with a free buffet for two and were at a comparable rate. At the front desk, I was charged an additional resort fee for $56 dollars a room thus effectively negating the good deal. I was also advised that of the three rooms there was only one non-smoking available, this was at 6pm. With the $56 two day mandatory resort fee, we had the privilege of using the fitness room, using WIFI but only 1 device per room, and daily paper which you had to go to the lobby to pick-up.The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and clean. There was a small refrigerator and a small safe for personal items. I brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate my daughter's twenty-first birthday. I called the front desk to get an ice bucket, there was none in the room, they gladly would bring one up for $5.41. If we wanted Champagne glasses would be an additional $5.41 for 2. I was getting slightly annoyed with all the nickle and dime charges for normal services. In the morning, I searched for a coffee maker and found none, not included. I tried the fitness room. There was a complete gym. The machines were well maintained. They had a nice variety of nautilus machines, cable systems and free weights. There were plenty of cardio machines. The free buffets which were included were for lunch 11-1 on weekdays. They offered a two for one special in exchange. They come with an all you can drink addition of $12. All you can drink was limited to Budweiser and cheap wine. After hearing feedback from my children on the buffet, I decided to pay full price for a meal elsewhere.Next time, I will investigate my choices a little more. I will be staying at another hotel on my next visit to Vegas.
1	Last time I stay here...Best part is tram to Mirage a much better hang out spotFrog bar and venue not working for me... And all restaurant prices way too high! Kind of rip off...There idea of happy hour is a joke no deals on food at all! But it's Great if you are an alcoholic...
4	I was pleasantly surprised by my stay at Treasure Island. It was centrally located on the strip, close to shopping and other hotel/casinos. The pricing for the rooms was great, although they do get you with the $20 resort fee if you're not planning on taking advantage of the coupons and amenities.The one major issue I had was with the hotel check-in. We checked it at 4:30 on a Monday and the line was literally 30 - 40 people long. It took over half an hour to check in, and after working a full day, the last thing I wanted to do was wait in a Disneyland-sized line. We had thought it was a computer issue, but when we got to the front we were told that it's usually that busy.The Breeze Bar is a good place to get some drinks, but if you're looking for good wine, the Italian restaurant is where you really want to go. The menu for the Breeze Bar says you can ask for a larger wine selection menu, but they didn't have one. So that was a little weird.The rooms were much nicer than expected. The bed was comfortable, and I want those pillows for my house. They're full and comfortable, with not too much give. The blinds blocked out all of the light from the strip (super important!) and everything looked well-maintained.One weird thing was that my friend opened a drawer to put her clothes away and found a full drawer of someone else's clothes in there. I think housekeeping usually checks drawers at other hotels when cleaning, so may have just been an oversight.All in all, I had a good experience and would not mind staying here again.
4	Treasure Island (TI) rocked it...made my trip much nicer this past week.  There were tons of conferences that caused strip hotel costs to spike, but Treasure Island stayed reasonable.  What's cool:Katrina was kind enough to give me and my guest (who stayed in another room) a free upgrade.Got the free buffets (didn't use them, but will keep them for future use if I can)HUGE suite.  4 out of 5. Comfortable, nice...and again...huge!What could improve:Gym/Fitness Center: Tell me where it is, and have a sign on that floor. The spa is not a fitness center.  I would not look for a gym in a spa.  So it would have been nice to have a sign directing me to the fitness center in the same area as the spa.
2	Won't stay here again.Its clean and staff is nice.The restaurant staff stopped caring about their paying guests.  Its order.then here's your food and your check. They never follow or ask hows your food nothing.The beds are hard!!I've paid the less and felt like I got my moneys worth.But not here.
1	Well then.I remember when I was a kid this place was very tacky, tourist-y, and pirate-y. It was so very themed and so very Vegas. That pirate show was my everything. I miss that Treasure Island. Anyways, this hotel is a piece of shit now. They are under some ownership and call themselves TI or something, trying to be all swank. A friend of a friend was staying here in a suite so after the club we went to hang out and party some more. For a "suite" I would have to say that this was NOT impressive. It was very dated and actually very small. Their "strip view" was really lame because the window was SOOO tinty! Also, dumbshits only booked one King bed. HAHAHA! So, it got later, shit got weird, I was sobering up so I decided to go have a smoke downstairs in the casino. I told my friend I was taking his room key and going downstairs to have a cigarette or two. I go downstairs by myself and go into the dead ass casino. It was probably like 3am. It was depressing. I was gonna play slots but I remember how tight the slots in Vegas are  so I  just sat down and lit up a cig. While chilling, I was approached by a man in cargo pants. He worked for hotel security. He proceeded to ask me for my ID and told me I looked young. He asked me a bunch of questions about where I was staying and who I was here with. He then told me he needed to take my ID and show it to his manager. OKAY WTF! He came back and I told him I would just leave and to let me just take the room key back up. He said, If i called metro right now you would be arrested for burglary. UHHH for burgaling what exactly??? What in the hell. So I called my friend not knowing whether she would answer and told them what was up.They came down and rescued me. I think he just wanted proof that I knew people who were staying here because yes, he thought I was a lady of the night, working the TI. I was still in clubwear, mini dress and heels. Could be read as hooker, but I'll credit my girlfriend with saying "you looked like you were gonna put out maybe, but you don't look like a prostitute." Thanks gurl.  Beleive me cargo pants man, if I was hustling for $$ I most def would not do it at this dead ass budget ass hotel.This hotel does not know what the hell they are doing! Stay away.
4	I came here for my birthday and Valentines weekend and Treasure Island was the perfect hotel for my boyfriend and I.  Not only was the price very decent and cheap but the room was very nice and perfect size for us.  At first you would think because it's a cheap price the rooms would be looking cheap but not for this case.  The rooms seemed to be very dated and clean.  The king size bed was very comfortable and the bathrooms were very large with a great large bath tub.  Overall the hotel well fit my needs and expectations and will definitely be staying here again.
4	They must believe in outlets because it was really difficult to find enough outlets for my tablet, phone and portable charger. Since I was on a work trip these were pertinent items to have. The second day of my trip I almost ran out so I had to knock them down a star for that. And considering we had two people in the room, no bueno. The beds are a little too soft for my taste and I live next to Boeing field so I'm totally fine with noise, but man, they need to invest in some better insulation/thicker windows. I find it also weird that the light inside the closet didn't have a switch. Drinks at the bar downstairs were pretty good. One was enough for me so very true to Vegas tradition they like to go hard. I didn't have to worry about paying for this since my company took care of it but they always run deals with the work function we attend so I would call to see if they offer anything.
2	This is my first time staying at TI. I think I've stayed at a large majority of the hotels on the strip. I was able to check in at 10am which is nice. The rooms are clean and look livable. My biggest complaint is that they don't have a mini bar and there is no drinking water in the room. That's not good when it's the middle of the night and you're dying of thirst. So if you're going to stay here be sure to bring your own water.
4	This place is doable...It's not too expensive and not to extravagant as the hotels accross the street but affordable and clean. Definitely in the middle or end whereever you look at it to the nearest attractions (Wynn diagnally across the street where you have Tryst and can walk towards Encore where you have XS and Surrender - if you're a clubby person, across the street there's Palazzo and Venetian etc etc. you get the point). If you're not clubbing then you still got those hotels that's willing to take your money hehe.I actually liked this place, my friends not so much. We stayed at the second to the highest floor before the Penthouse I think? According to my friend, the walls are pretty thin. After a night out of partying and wishing it was noon. My friend thought she was hearing things at 8 in the morning! After coming home at 4 am!!! She kept saying that she hears the elevator going up and down...don't know but after listening to her it felt that I could hear it too...we tried to complain to the front desk but what can they do about it? They tried to give us another room but unfortunately we had a connecting room so we weren't about to switch. We (I mean she) kind of had to live with it for another night lol.We had the view of the street. The downstairs was a bit annoying though you can still see the Pirate show going down every hour? or half an hour? forget. But the whole fire works thing can keep you awake if you try to take a nap during the night but why would you?
2	My husband and I stayed there over a weekend (Saturday - Monday). The check in was okay. The lady wasn't friendly, but it was easy. Our room was ok. I've had way better rooms at less expensive hotels. We were really disappointed at the tv and cable. We came with a group of friends so we had time to relax in the room before meeting up again. Not only were channels limited, the tv would freeze. I was also disappointed at the lack of restaurant options and the food available. Over all I wouldn't recommend or return.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay!!  We got a killer deal and definitely got more for our money!  Check in was a breeze... We were given lots of 2 for 1 vouchers, as well as 2 free buffet vouchers.  Our room was very clean and modern.   The bed was super soft and comfortable.  The hotel to me was nice.  We really enjoyed Gilly's.  I had a great steak salad!  The buffet was ok.  Nothing to impressive... It was free... So I can't complain.  The casino area wasn't too smokey except middle of the night.. My husband attempted to gamble a little and gave up because all the smokies were out.   I love that there are 2 Starbucks, and a Walgreens right across the street.  I highly recommend visiting the Wynn and seeing the show La Reve.  It's unbelievable!!   We would totally come back!!
3	Pros- Great prices, great view, nice room.Cons- NO Coffee maker or lobby coffee service.  You can, however, trek to Starbucks in your pjs for overpriced coffee.  Of course that means you have to meander thru the smoke-filled casino to get it.Front desk is a joke!  Stood in line 45 minutes to check in.  This is after 4.5 hours on an airplane.The casino bar is TERRIBLE.  The bartenders were so rude.  You're supposed to get free drinks if you're playing the games at the bar. (They require a $20 minimum and $1  bets).  They still charged us every time.  When we inquired we were told they didn't know we were playing and it was too late to undo the charges.  But worse that this, they were just plain unfriendly.Cab- apparently if you don't tip the doorman he refuses to shut the door of the cab.  We had no idea we were supposed to tip this guy for doing nothing but standing outside blowing a whistle.  He flat-out refused to shut the cab door.  It was ludicrous!!  Our cab driver cursed him all the way to our destination.Outlets-  You wouldn't believe the gymnastics I had to perform in order to charge my phone.  The only plug I could find was on an overloaded power-strip under the bed.  Every time the power strip moved the lamp came unplugged as well as the phone!!TV- don't expect to watch television here.  There were maybe 6 channels that actually showed up on the tiny (like 15 inch) televisions and even they jumped around.
4	Treasure Island wasn't as bad as I expected it to be from all the reviews. Me and my boyfriend ending up staying here because it was the cheapest hotel for the weekend. We spent about $260 for 3 days and 2 nights, thats including the resort fee. The room and bathrooms were nice and spacious. The beds were super comfy and the pillows felt like clouds. My only complaint was that the cleaning person did not come and fix the room. We left early Saturday morning and came back in the afternoon thinking we were gone long enough for our room to be cleaned and it wasn't.Overall our stay was nice. Check in was fast, but that was probably because we came around 8pm on Friday. Check out was easy, we just did it from our TV in the room and dropped the keys in the drop box by the elevators on the first floor.
2	Attended a wedding here so I decided to spent the night as well.I was "upgraded to a petite suite" when I checked in, only to find out they upgraded me to a handicap accessible room.I was told to call in after 8am to request a late checkout. I called at 10am to find out that a late checkout would cost an extra $50. What?! What hotel charges for late checkouts?! Especially on daylights savings day when you have just lost an hour!!! Never staying here again.
3	Treasure island is a more than passable hotel casino and a pretty good value to boot.I arrived here for a conference and moved the line quickly at check-in.  The gal wasn't overly curt but she wasn't very friendly.  The hotel is trapped between its 90's "bring the kids" past (the way I remember it as a kid) and the need to modernize and shed its tackiness-something I don't envy them trying to do.  In the end, it doesn't work, its still tacky with a pseudo modern veneer that doesn't mix, so I don't recommend spending a ton of time in the casino if you are staying here.Pros: the room was spacious, clean, and mostly exceeded my expectations.  The bed was nice, and the restroom was spacious and had great bath and countertops.Cons: views are hit or miss, the walls are thin so you will hear noise, the casino is very smokey and not that hip, no in-room coffee machines, the tv is small, and the hotel rooms don't have power outlets that you can find without a treasure map of your own, which despite the name of the hotel, they do not provide.
5	Love pirates? Love adventures on the high seas? Love women wearing tight clothes, looking like a pirate talking about adventures on the high seas? If you answered yes to the first 2 then treasure island is the place for you. If you answered yes to the third then anywhere is Vegas is the place for you..Anyway, treasure island, or TI, is a great place to stay! Vegas is the place you go to spend money and try to win some. So much so that I didn't even realize the TI had a pool until AFTER I left. Crazy!The rooms are very nice. Great views.At night they have their pirate ship battle show. It's awesome. But can easily be canceled due to wind conditions. Don't want anyone getting hurt. They make up for it by taking pictures with the performers in the lobby. Something that would've happened after the show. I'd watch the show from across the street or maybe get there early. It's gonna get crowded fast!I loved my time there. I would for sure come back here
4	Decent and good location.  I didn't care for the casino though.Room was fine and as others said, bathroom was a good size.  Other reviews complained about the number of outlets, but there are 4 in the bathroom, if you can make that work.  We paid extra for a strip view and were able to see the pool and pick the right time to head down.  I could also see the volcano show at the Mirage from the room (but couldn't hear much).  I didn't think it was too noisy (from the strip or from inside the hotel).  But I almost subtracted one star for the unthinkable that happened:  the maid completely disregarded the privacy sign on the door handle and came barging in anyway.  While my husband was in the shower and I was getting dressed!!  Luckily I had the extra "top lock" locked, but I am still angry about it.  When I expressed my displeasure, she said she was "checking to see" if we were in there.  WTF.  You get coupons to use within the hotel.  I'm sure these change, but ours included 2 or 3 "buy one, get one" drinks and 4 buy-one-get-one meals.  The buffet had a lot of options, but the food wasn't very good.  We used the Kahunaville breakfast and dinner coupons and thought it was good.  Didn't get a chance to use the other free dinner coupon for the Seafood Shack, because they open at 5:00 and we were generally on our way by then.I would stay here again as long as the prices stay low.  I felt they were still a little high for the weeknights that we were there (over $100 for Tues/Wed nites).I wouldn't recommend this for kids.  We found drunk people passed out in the floor lobby on Friday morning.
2	Ti doesn't deliver.  Inexpensive hotel with poor customer service.  Check in took forever.  We booked two rooms, both with terrible views. I asked for one room with a better view. NO.  Hotel made it clear, we were stuck in two terrible rooms.  Later, we had a drink issue at the bar near casino.  $15 for two drinks btw.  Waitress noticed the problem, but we had to PLEAD for resolution and were overcharged for the effort.  We drank elsewhere after that.   Valet parking overfilled on Friday and Saturday nights, so difficult to park car when we came back from a show.  Honestly, Ti was cheap rooms.  Hotel lost a lot of our money:  We did all of our Dining, Clubbing, Gambling outside of the hotel.   Ti is now dark, dated and really smoky smelling.  One positive: the location. Otherwise, not worth it. Next time, I'll stay elsewhere.
5	Hmm...maybe 4.5 stars is more appropriate, but I'm a fan of rounding...I stayed at Treasure Island this past week and had a great experience.  Everything from start to finish was a total breeze.  In fact, I didn't want to jinx it until the end when everything went just as planned.Three important things to note about my stay here:1. INSANELY comfortable beds2. Excellent buffet3. Surprisingly fast internetAlright, so the other reviews are not lying!  The beds here are out of this world comfortable.  I woke up every morning in the drowsy/deep sleep feeling where it was nearly impossible to actually get out of bed.  The mattresses here beat my own personal one, and it's not even close.If you aren't basking in the 'comfortable-ness' of the beds, make your way down to the buffet in the hotel.  A buy one get one free coupon is included with your stay, so two people will eat an amazing buffet dinner for $28.  Can't beat that!  I had lobster ravioli with shrimp, pizza, pasta, ribs, sushi, chocolate cake, chocolate strawberries, and mini-doughnuts.  Okay, that was split between two people with small portions!  However, if you want to try and take all of that on by yourself, more power to you!Last (but certainly not least) the internet was surprisingly fast in the rooms.  Internet is included with the daily resort fee, so you pay nothing extra.  It is simple to connect, reliable, and allowed me to stay in touch with the world.  A definite bonus over other hotels I have experienced in the past.Overall, I would totally stay here on my next trip.  It is conveniently located next to the Fashion Show Mall and fairly priced.4.5 - 5 stars.
3	This review is for my stay during 06/2013The suite itself was very kept up. Nothing broken. No mold. Very comfy beds. Decent couches. Large living space. 2 FULL restrooms. Prompt room service. The ONLY thing that went wrong:My group of 12 people must have spent over 200 dollars on those huge souvenir cups from Fat Tuesday. We left to go eat, came back, all the cups were thrown out by the scumbag maids. It may not seem like a big deal to other people but let's be honest, when you pay for those drinks you are basically paying for the CUP. I have been to Vegas numerous times and this has never been an issue in any other hotel that I have stayed at. I have a feeling they were mad because the room was messy but isn't it their job to clean? Totally unacceptable.
2	Went there for the pirate show. I guess they cancelled that in November, Neither of our room keys worked right and our toilet ran the whole time even after we told the front desk, I can get over all this, but after spending three days in the hotel gambling, I talked to a pit boss who told me I needed to talk to a host for a comp room. Talked to a host who was dismissive, did not comp anything, and told me "good luck finding a better deal"... I did. At least Golden Nugget appreciates their rewards players.
1	We spent $800.00 on a suite to have a fun weekend in Vegas. We found the bed was short sheeted, there was a nasty green fungus between the glass and top of bed side table, the internet we were charged for was not working. It took 45 minutes and finally a trip down to the front desk to speak to someone about the problems.  When we asked for a different room, they said there were none available. When we told them of the conditions of the room, we were basically told you paid for it, deal with it. Never again will I stay at this hotel!
4	I think Treasure Island is a solid bet for those wanting an affordable and centrally located hotel in Las Vegas.  Rooms were not super lush but very adequate.  The first night we checked in, we got the handicapped access room and we didn't like the shower set up in the bathroom.  The front desk got us a new room the next day and as my parents were coming in then, arranged for adjoining rooms.We booked through Priceline and got a pretty good deal although the Resort Fee is a bit annoying at $28/day.  This gave us a 2 for 1 buffet coupon, free access to the gym, wi fi, local telephone service. Beds were comfortable.  Flat screen TV's were ridiculously small.  Elevators were fast.  Casino was good ... paid 3:2 on blackjack (important because a number of casinos are cutting the pay off to 6:5).  Location was great!  We took the tram to Mirage a few times and the bridge over to the Palazzo for Walgreens and Bouchon Bakery.  I would stay here again.
4	Great stay, beds were very comfy. Got free buffet deal with our stay from orbitz. We payed 25$ extra to check in early and got a few perks with that which was alright i guess. A 2 for 1 buffet was one of the.  Still would like to be a little closer to center of strip. Otherwise we didnt have any complaints!
5	Ok, since I slammed WHISKEY PETE's for their HORRIBLE SERVICE, time to get on the bandwagon and name one of the oddest yet best experiences we've had in a LONG TIME!Treasure Island is the best!  Here's a summary of our experience with their service for my wife's birthday getaway!First off, the bad stuff....We checked in early afternoon on Friday.  When we got to the check-in desk we were greeted with a "Sorry, your room you booked over a month ago isn't available".  Oh no, here we go again, just like the other place, right?  WRONG!It seems that a "Guest of the Hotel" had our room and so it wasn't available.  I get it, but then I don't.  Guess we're not the high-rollers or friends of someone who knows someone else, so we get put down, right?  WRONG AGAIN!Yeah, it took well over 30 minutes for our check-in lady to figure it out.  (not her fault that the present tenants decided to stay longer)  She tried everything.  We both heard her on the phone passing room numbers around over the phone.  She really tried.  Then, without us asking, she contacted the service manager.  This took a couple of conversations between the two and a few more tries at the computer, and a few more minutes of us standing there waiting for our world to come crashing down,.... AGAIN!But lo-and-behold, they finally came up with a solution!  We had booked a suite, and they gave us an executive suite.  Now ain't that sweet!But wait, there's more!  If you book now, you get a free bottle of Champagne on the house!  (Yeah, that's what free means, but I'm"m on a roll!).  We were also handed a few coupons for deals they had for eateries around the property.  They were good ones, too! Not just some "Save-a-buck" coupons, but "real stuff!".  We were elated!  Could be because we got almost $100 taken off our bill, (I'd rather not say how or why, don't want to get them into trouble of any sort), maybe because they really gave it a try, maybe it's because of the courtesy we were shown.  Now we don't expect people to bow down and lick our boots just because we're a customer, but we do expect folks to honor the fact that we booked over a month ago and would like compensation for our time and money.It isn't their fault the tenant decided to stay overtime.  But they made up for it, and we got moved "up" to a bigger and better room.GREAT FOLKS!  GREAT PROPERTY!My buddy was reassured that he'd have a wonderful time there too, and was told how to make a reservation and what to ask for, specifically.  This was a totally different scenario not related to this write-up, but the folks are great!So, KUDOS to CHRISTOPHER the manager, and Connie, the lady who helped us out!We WILL BE GOING BACK, and RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE, not only because of the location and the way it's set up, but for the fantastic people that bend over backward and do double-flips to ensure your stay is a good one!(Guess I'd better stop now, huh?)Did I say this place is THE GREATEST!?
4	Awesome place to stay. Get a suite if you can. Jacuzzi tub and separate bathrooms, soft mattresses,  very roomy. The coffee shop is the bomb though a little pricey, buffet is good and they give you a 2 for 1 if your a guest. The hotel is in a great location and walking distance to the popular properties. Have stayed here for years now and have not been dissapointed.
2	March 2014...Stayed at the TI in Vegas for 2 nights. Was in town for a convention, not just for a carefree time.The room was clean and well stocked. First... I went to flip on the light in bathroom and cut my finger on the switch plate. The hard plastic was broken into pieces and the pieces had been fitted back into the switch plate cover. I dislodged them when I cut my finger, proceeded to stop the bleeding, collected all the pieces, wrapped them neatly in a tissue and took them to the front desk in the morning. The manager was unimpressed with my situation and said that someone would go up to look into it. When I arrived back in my room for the evening, my switch plate was still missing pieces.  It was not fixed during my stay.Next... There is this little, sliding mechanism that opens and closes the window about an inch. This thing would not stay closed,  It was WINDY outside and I love the sound of the wind, but it sounded like a wind tunnel. This was not my only gripe.Finally... I have stupid food allergies and something on their approved list made me super sick. I only ate at their establishment while in Vegas because I was so afraid of eating anywhere else and getting sick. Oh well...  On a plus side... their staff was so helpful in trying to find me safe foods, I really really appreciate their efforts. The kind lady in the salad area of the buffet was wonderful and very helpful.I'm really sad to leave a 2 star for them and will return again... not to be critical, but to enjoy the time that I know TI is worthy of providing.
4	Tried staying in at Treasure Island because it wasn't too far from all the clubs my crew and I wanted to party at. Turns out, it was a nicer hotel than we thought! It's not as expensive as Bellagio or Venetian but more pricey than the Stratosphere. Checking in was easy but checking out was a little wait.We had such an amazing room with such an amazing view. We somehow were given a room on the 36th floor, the same floor with pent houses and the only floor you need to use your room card or else the elevator won't take you up there. That was pretty neat. The room itself was so sophisticated and the decor made me want to take notes for a future master bedroom idea haha!Stayed two nights. On Friday and Saturday the total was around $300!! Yikes. Totally worth it though in my opinion!!
3	I was here in 2013 and it was for a bachelor party.  At that point it was great.  Lots of booze, a pool, and a casino.  We really didn't need more than that.In 2014 I came with my wife and I came and stayed here.  We check in, we are informed that they didn't have the king bed we booked three months ago.  So we got a room with two queens.  I initially put my stuff on one of the beds and it just sank.  The springs in the mattress were well past their prime.  So we went to the other bed, it was fine.Then my wife goes to take a shower.  She asks me to call the front desk and ask for a new shower head.  I ask her why and she tells me because we didn't have one.  Really?!?! someone stole the shower head from the room and the hotel didn't realize it and replace it before we get there.They fixed the issue, but it shouldn't have occured in the first place
3	It is a pretty nice hotel, didnt check out the pool area on our trip casue it wasnt open even though it was 80 degrees out in October.  Hard to find parking though especially at night but when we got into the hotel and wnt to check in and we had reserved a king size bed and in a non smoking they had already rented the room out so we got stuck in a smoking  two queen size beds voerlooking the boat show. The room wsa prety nice the beds just ok.  They said the next day they would move us into the room we reserved but since we were only going to be there one more day really didnt see the point in repacking and moving to another room just for one more night..did go down later that night after going to dinner and played on the slots and won pretty good and the food options are just ok nothing special but location is pretty good .  Will probably stay here again just hope next time we dont have the same problem at check in.
5	Nice hotel that is starting to feel a little old school. I stayed her back in the 1990's and it was hip. Today I feel it's starting age a little. Still all in all it's a great place to stay.
4	I've been to Vegas over 10 times now, but TI was the first place I've ever stayed, and it will remain one of my favorites.  The rooms are decent size, clean, and well decorated.  The casino is also very nice.  Staff is top notch and has a decent selection of restaurants and bars.
3	Pretty hotel, very big connects to the Venetian and the Fashion show shopping mall. I loved our room, it was classy looking and had a nice view of the Vegas Strip. Everything was pretty clean and there was a lot of convenience near us. A few gripes - the hotel casino & lobby were scented which is not cool for people who suffer with allergies to scented things. It seems our maids stole some change from us that hubby left on the table, glad we didn't leave anything super valuable out. Definitely one of the cheaper places to stay on the strip, just beware if you suffer allergies the lobby is pretty strongly scented, and don't leave ANYTHING out while you are not in your room because the maids here can't seem to be trusted.
3	I went as a group and over all, the experience was good. Fact that hotel is located very close to Fashion Show Mall, most of the people loved it.  Of course, there is a outlet and many fine retail stores are all over the strip.   One that I want to make comment is that, we were placed near the lower floors.  5th and 6th.  My room was on the 5th floor and even with the windows closed, I could hear a Air Condition Cooling tower's fan.  I am pretty picky about the noise.  So, I went down and asked them if I can get the room changed. The respond that I got was,  Flat out NO, reason being is that, because I came in as GROUP, the bell service already has the room assignment and they cannot accommodate the room change.   The fact that the lady on the back of the counter didn't even try to change the room and didn't show any concern about the noise just made me angry.   I wasn't asking to change all the rooms, but just 1 ROOM out of 15 rooms that I reserved for my group. I would rate the Communication between the Group Sales Coordinators a Rate 5 Stars. Hotel as 4 StarsLady Behind Counter  (Manager at the time on 04/11/2014 at 3 pm )as only 2 Stars. Which I think the over all hotel as 3 stars.  I hope everyone understands that CUSTOMER SERVICE should come before anything else to earn your future business.
5	I love this hotel.  Centered in the middle of the strip.  Next to fashion show mall.  Smells incredible!!  No cigarette smoke in the air.  No bad views.  Quiet on floors.
1	1st appearance,  hotel looked okay. Upon further review, most of the electrical outlets were covered and the surge protector appeared fried..yet they left it in the room. Customer service seriously lacking (all departments). Don't waste your $$$ at this dump.
4	My friends & I booked our stay here expecting an ok hotel. We were very surprised to see how nice it was! The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We were even given a room facing the strip that we did not pay extra for. The room was very nice and clean. The food in the restaurants was not great. I'd go somewhere else for that. Definitely would stay here again!
4	Since my first trip in July 2008, I've been to Vegas 11 different times now.  TI will always be one of my favorites, mainly because this is the first hotel I stayed at while in Vegas.CHECK-IN/FRONT DESK - 4 StarsOverall the front desk staff is very friendly and the check-in process is quite quick.  They have one large queue line that zig zags throughout the check-in/lobby area, which I like better than the individual lines for each front desk clerk that some hotels have.  For some reason it makes things go quicker, and you won't see someone further back in the line next to you check-in before you.HOTEL ROOM - 4 StarsThe rooms I've stayed in before seemed very clean, modern, warm and welcoming.  The standard rooms also come with a decent sized LCD (plasma?) TV, safe, ironing board, desk, and a nice sitting chair by the window.CASINO - 3 StarsI do like to gamble at TI now and then, but for some reason the theme/decor of the casino itself does not call out to me.  I preferably would like to play next door at The Mirage or down the street at Harrah's or Bally's.  The casino staff is nice and friendly though, and always willing to help you brush up on your skills at the game, or learn the game if you're a new player.DINING - 4 StarsTI offers a wide assortment of dining.  While some of them are not my favorite,I absolutely love the Coffee Shop and the Buffet.  While the Coffee Shop may seem pricey, I guarantee you will not leave their hungry.  They give you decent servings, especially the fried chicken meal and the spaghetti w/ meatballs meal.  The Buffet at TI is also really good.  Prices are par for it's neighbors (Mirage, Venetian, Caesars, etc), but personally I think the food quality and service are just a tad bit better than the rest.BARS -  3 Stars  This is the area where TI needs to step it up a notch.  Granted they have Gilley's, but there are also plenty of other chain country bars on the strip (such as Toby Kieth's at Harrah's).  And while Senior Frogs has a great view of Sirens Cove and the Strip, I think something custom to TI would make the experience a whole lot better.  Oddly, out of all the bar selections at TI, my favorite is Breeze Bar, smack dab in the middle of the casino.  I would rate this one 5 stars on it's own.  Great atmosphere, decent drink prices, friendly staff, and did I mention it's right in the middle of the casino?  Perfect spot to people watch and have a few drinks.SPORTS BOOK -  4 Stars  While not my favorite sports book in Vegas, TI has a pretty nice one.  As always, the staff is very friendly, and willing to help you understand anything and everything about sports betting if you have questions (they just won't make recommendations on who to wager for/against).  This SB is also pretty clean and the cocktail waitresses seem to come around more often than at other SB's in Vegas. STAFF - 5 StarsOverall, the staff in general (front desk, casino, restaurant/bars, housekeeping) are great and deserve 5 stars.
3	So this was get away and I was nervous because of the reviews I read on the internet and even here on yelp. The check in time for the hotel is 3 pm but they had a sign saying they would let us check in at noon. If you want to check in early it's a $25 charge. Hmmm... There are extra charges in a lot of areas for check ins and check outs. Check out time is 12 but if you pay $30 you can have a late check out at 3 pm. I don't have of an opinion on that bit find that interesting.Now the hotel itself has a very unpleasant smell when you come into the lobby. You get used to it after time but everything we entered the casino or lobby area it wS very strong. Luckily for us the hotel room was awesome. We got a deluxe room on the 30th floor. It was the most spacious bedroom I've seen for a standard room . We had a nice king bed. The tv though was small... Like about 26". When we got into the room it didn't turn on but when we called down to lobby they fixed it within a couple hours. I consider that good service.The bathroom was also spacious. The bathtub was huge and the room was clean. There was no dirty carpet that we could tell of. We stayed for 3 nights and the cleaning was awesome. I wouldn't mind staying here because the location wasn't too bad and there is a free metro that goes to the mirage hotel.
5	I really like this place.  The bars are all places to have fun with a loud crowd.  The casino is clean and the employees are nice.  What else can you ask for?
5	My boyfriend and I stay at different hotels at the strip about 2-3 times a year. I wanted to stay here because I love Gilley's!!!  I made the reservation for a deluxe strip view room. We arrived Saturday between 1-1:30 and checked in right away. Our room was on the 23rd floor and our view was awesome!! The pool was right below and you could see all the way down to Mandalay Bay from our window!!! The room was clean, the bed comfortable. Unfortunately, the sports book was being remodeled and while they set up a temporary sports book in the conference center for Kentucky Derby viewing, but we were more interested in watching the Kings/ Ducks game that evening!! Not a problem though, we went to Luxor to watch the game, since we had been there in the past to watch hockey games. And I am sure that when they finish there sports book remodel it will be spectacular! Now we want to give a special thanks to the security staff and Las Vegas paramedics for their awesome response to our unfortunate medical emergency! After returning from watching the game and drinking a lot of different alcoholic beverages, including a 32 ounce frozen Jagermiester and energy drink, a rapid heart rate called for the assistance of these individuals!!! They were completely professional and understanding and most importantly not judgemental or critizing. Thank you again for your quick response!!!
5	Well maybe 4 and a half stars. The place was pretty good We had a view of the pool but someone had scratched the shit out of the window so we couldent  see out very well. Kahunaville restaurant was great inside the casino they have 8.99 breakfast and two for one drink coupons. They also have outdoor seating by the pool! Senior frogs has open bar well drinks during the week for 25.00 from 10 to 2, all you can drink fir 25.00!!!. Great deal! as well as 2 for one yards like kahunaville. Walk the casino and find these deals. All in all I was very happy with everything.
3	Love the location on the strip. Rooms ate nice. Woman at desk accusede of making a racist comment and what she repeated was not even close to what i said. We did get free upgrade
1	What a ****hole.  Room service never picks up.  Terrence, the food service manager is completely incompetent, and Ozzie, the night manager made excuses instead of trying to satisfy the customer.
2	Table games dealers are jaded and cranky -- they seem to enjoy when players lose.  Pit bosses are paranoid -- bet ramp ups at BJ cause problems.  Went from $25 to $200 and the PB looked like he wanted to strangle me.   Don't use a players club card, comps are impossible to get.
3	My friend and I were really excited to stay here because we are both huge fans of pirates and it was pretty inexpensive to stay there two weekend nights. We arrived at 1:00 p.m. for early check in, which was no problem. Our room had two queen size beds, smaller TV, mini fridge and a pretty decent sized bathroom. We also had a great view of the strip.The second morning, our toilet over flowed for (apparently) no reason. We immediately alerted the front desk and a staff member came up right away and fixed it. He alerted housekeeping and they came and cleaned everything up, gave us fresh towels and so on. Awesome response time- very impressed!The last night, three things happened:#1: came home from dinner and found a VERY LARGE cockroach chilling in our bathroom. We scooted him out of our room, after screeching like little girls. #2: while getting ready for bed, a man used his key in our door and, to my surprise, it opened! My friend was in the shower and I was half naked, so it was quite a shock. 3#: our friend the cockroach came back! The space between the door and the floor is large and so he had no problem sneaking back into our room. We had a bit of trouble checking out; the automated TV service wasn't responding and it was stuck on Spanish. We had to go down to the desks to check out (which I've never had to do but whatever.)The pool scene is great (music stops at 6PM, pool closes at 7PM); the bartender with the dreads made GREAT DRINKS!All and all, I'd come here again.... But after I've explored other options.
4	Stayed here for 1 night and the room was really nice. The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was a nice size. My only complaint was that there was no outlet by the nightstand to charge my phone.
2	Spent my 40th birthday stay (Sept. 2012) at TI and had a decent time though I've had more fun at other resorts. TI's rooms are spacious and clean and their housekeeping was top notch. I had zero issues with the room my entire 6-day stay there. Buffet was ordinary but I did like some of the drink choices at the various bars. There's a really good pizza place near Mysterie Theatre but it closes early which makes no sense being that it's Vegas. 99% of my late-night eating was done at other resorts. Casino was ok. Won $50 at blackjack one day, lost it the next. I was there the opening weekend of the college football season so there seemed to be a lot of UNLV fans there, which was cool. They were all fun people. I did not see Mysterie but instead went across the street to see La Reve at The Wynn. The underlying theme of my birthday stay at TI was that most of my adventures were done elsewhere. The Syrens show was interesting the first time then got tiring every time you walk by it for a week. I'd probably stay there again ONLY if I got a discounted room which I got from the booking agent because it was my birthday.
2	I write this with a heavy heart. Everything was fine. But Bed Bugs attacked me :-(. And I am no Diva but this made me sad!!!!! Anyway to sanitize beds???? Otherwise A ok.
2	Of the 13 times in the last 10 years, we've stayed here 11 times; this was our favorite hotel and casino. We love the location, the casino, the Starbucks inside- everything.Checking in has never been the most hospitable part of the trip. We understand that they're trying to get a bunch of people checked in and out simultaneously, and we don't mind waiting in the long line.We booked our trip long before the 3PM check-in time rule, and we arrived at 8 in the morning. I asked the Manager how I might be able to pay the extra $25 dollars to check in early, and he quite rudely told me that I just couldn't check in until later. He then told me that we had to leave the lobby, and take our luggage out of it. When I asked another person what was going on, she begged me to please get my luggage out of the lobby before her Manager had a talk with her about it.When we were finally able to check in at 10AM, I commented on how rude the Manager was (and that everyone else was nice) and she looked worried that he might overhear me. He stood in the background frowning and shaking his head "no" the entire 20 minutes we waited in the express check-in line.I HATE IT WHEN EMPLOYEES ARE SCARED OF THEIR BOSSES- this is not the way to manage staff. This is unprofessional, and does not give the customer a very good impression of how things are run.Plus- the pool is a miserly little pad of water, and all of the chairs are chained together in these creepy rows. It's just not aesthetic or comfortable to sunbathe so close to strangers. Every other hotel on the strip has a much better family-friendly pool, even the Flamingo or the Monte Carlo!We have just booked another trip, and we're going to stay elsewhere, until we hear they've gotten their acts together.
1	Beware of duplicate charges made to your credit card. I booked a reservation for myself and three of my business colleagues (4 rooms total). During check out we notice our hotel bills contain many inaccuracies and duplicate billing charges from the hotel bars and restaurants. Two days later, I received an email from the property stating they are charging me an additional $65.00 for a no-show fee. I was there, I have the hotel bill to prove it. I had to call Expedia and Treasure Island multiple times to get any type of resolution.
3	Traeasure Island always had its own unique charm. Over the years it has changed eateries and other various things, but the rooms are comfortable.  The rooms have a different decor than the rest of the strip, yet feels luxurious.  The pool area is a tad small so be prepared for large crowds in the summer months. The buffet here is gourmet and worth the price. Kahunaville is a unique type if bar and worth the trip. I love TI!
2	TI provides a great location and decent quality rooms for a reasonable price. The value is hard to beat, which is why I have stayed here a handful of times over the past decade, which comprises a significant number of the 2-3 trips to Vegas I average per year.With that said, some aspects of TI have been on the decline since it was sold off by MGM-Mirage. First, the dinning and nightlife options have been significantly downgraded. TI seems to be in transition from a place which catered to a young crowd to a primarily budget oriented crowd. For example, TI used to offer a decent nightclub (Tangerine), a great sushi restaurant (Social House), and a great lunch option (Canter's Deli). None of those options were replaced by a near equivalent when they departed. Senior Frog's is the closest thing to a nightclub, and there is no restaurant of note.  Also, I did notice that the beds were a bit overly warn in on this past trip. But these are things I can live with in light of the competitive rates.Here's why I had to reduce the review from 3 stars to 2:Our party had a problem with the Cabana host. We were told that the cost for a Cabana was $145, then later billed $300 exclusive of food, beverages, or extras. The servers were relatively unapologetic for the miscommunication and nobody from TI would take any responsibility for THEIR mistake. The issue was never resolved fully resolved, though a cabana host ultimately reduced the price to $275, which seemed arbitrary. Nonetheless, our party was forced to pay a price that it did not agree to, which was nearly double what we were quoted - as witnessed by several of us. Further, the server treated us like degenerates and would not allow us to leave the pool area until she counted out our payment, which of course was sufficient. This added insult to injury. Nobody threatened to not to pay, or to only pay $145. We just sucked it up and paid an amount we did not agree to. This all made for an embarrassing and aggravating experience, and I regretted ever setting foot at the TI pool. There is plenty of competition on the strip for cabana's. $145 sounded like a reasonable price for a cabana at TI, when comparing it's small, dumpy pool to competitors who charge double or more. If we were at the Venetian pool or EBC, this would be recognized as an obvious error. Not at TI, however. Overall, I do not think I would return as a guest at TI because of how my party was treated at the pool. Our food and drink bill was well over $400 before tip, so I am uncertain why our servers felt it was imperative to pull a bait and switch on the cabana price. TI was 100% responsible for the confusion, and they should have acted accordingly. Instead of elevating the issue to a manager, it was simply along the lines of "sorry, this is what you have to pay." Luckily, there are always plenty of options in Vegas and I will be happy to take my business somewhere else.
4	For the price, this place was great! I loved the big tub/shower and the view was phenomenal! We stayed on the 34th floor and had a corner room so we were not complaining. They have check out on the TV which was hilarious and convenient rolled into one. We saw the Mystere Cirque du Soleil show in the hotel as well and were completely blown away!! If we ever come back, and that's a big if since we decided after our trip here we are DEFINITELY not crowd people, that we would come back here. For being on the strip, its easy access to everything else there is to do. The only bummer is that, us being coffee people, there wasn't a coffee maker in our room.
3	What can I say that hasn't been already said? Its good but not great, its priced reasonable but not super cheap, the rooms are clean the bed is comfortable and not too noisy. The layout can be slightly confusing and the parking is a bi..h but its a decent place to stay in mid strip.
2	Oh Treasure Island.. what have you done with yourself?And yes.. I REFUSE to call this TI... That is one of the most pathetic rebrands Vegas has ever seen.You were my childhood dream. You were the place when cold Edmonton, was well.. cold.. I would escape to in my mind. Your pirate theme allowed for adults and kids alike to enjoy themselves.. you gave families a place to share being...And then you went and ruined it all.. every bit of it.I haven't stay at the hotel since the 90's.. but my recent visit may be my last ever inside your once friendly confines.I know you had lost your way.. it was clear as soon as the iconic sign of a skull and cross bones found it's way to the Neon Museum... but when i went searching for THE.. THE best arcade/midway that Vegas ever had.. and where I threw so much of my parents money away, it's not even funny, I was sad... nay DEVASTATED to find you had replaced the two floors of amazement, the entrance with automated skeletons to boot.. with a room? A ROOM? With a pathetic array of machines left over from the golden years? For shame.. FOR SHAME.I gave you a second star simply for the memories.. and for the hope that one day you can do and be what you used to be.
1	The most horrible service I have ever experienced for a hotel; I wouldn't expect such a fine establishment to have horrible service. I shall not recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a great time in Las Vegas to come to this hotel. The story, our room door would not open and so the following things happened over a 2 day period (we missed our shows [Money loss]) :1. Replaced room card, this did not work - 30 minutes2. Called maintenance, waited an hour outside for them to come, opened door - 1 hour3. Called maintenance again, waited an hour outside for them to come - 1.5 hours4. Talk to managers, they did not help very much - 1.5 Hours5. maintenance came and did nothing but call someone else - 45 minutes6. maintenance comes, the staff did not document anything and we waited longer - 45 minutes7. maintenance door comes, replaces the entire door assembly. - 1 hour8. Talked to front desk - 45 minutesThis had more to it but that was just the summery of what happened...Just say no and go somewhere else.That is all...PS. I hate writing 1 star reviews but when its deserved, I rate them appropriately.
1	I've stayed here several times before, but this is the last. When I checked in, the room rate was way higher than what I had agreed to pay when I made the reservation. The manager was unwilling to help and was borderline rude. They don't care about their guests, stay somewhere else.
2	If you pay for a strip-view room, look before you settle in.  I settled in and didn't look out the window until the next morning to see an alleyway and parking lots.  Our room was facing The Mirage was our main view with W Reno Ave outside the window.  They have a new owner that is tightening up budgets.  The Employees will tell you all about loosing out (except for the unions).  Customers are paying for the bottom line too!  Don't let Him take advantage of you like he did me.  I will Avoid for the price I paid.
5	This was a great place to stay!  We found a hotwire deal for this place for about half of the usual cost.  I honestly have no complaints, other than a somewhat bland buffet, but even still, we had a 2 for 1 which the front desk gave us.  No big deal.Free parking (if you're from LA you'll understand how nice it is to park your car and not have to pay!); check in took 5 mins; nicely themed casino.  Was much nicer than I thought it would be.The beds are SUPER COMFORTABLE!  I can't remember the last time I had such a good night's sleep.  The rooms are super nice and modern.  Nice shower with an oversized tub.It's not the newest or flashiest hotel on the strip, and as long as you don't expect Bellagio levels of luxury you will not be disappointed. The one thing that I'd like to note here (and another thing I loved about this place), is that it's not ridiculously crowded like most of the other casinos.  Because there is no mall, etc. attached to it it is not nearly as insanely crowded as other properties.  This I loved.  It is certainly busy, but you aren't "over it" in 2 hours.  Walking around Caesars, The Venetian, Cosmopolitan (admittedly nicer hotels) I got tired of quickly because there are always people in your face.Would definitely stay here again!One bummer:  The pirate show has been permanently discontinued :(.
5	Stayed here May 17-19 for my 21st Bday with my boyfriend. The lobby is beautiful, I looooooooved this hotel. We checked in and they gave us a complimetary bottle of champagne since it was my birthday, which was so nice of them. They treated us like gold. The room was really nice and clean. We have absolutely nothing bad to say about this hotel. We ate at this restaurant that was in our hotel, which served the best pho ever! Had a great experience in Vegas. I wouldnt have spent it at any other hotel.. Will definately stay here in the future :)
4	Great location, reasonable rates, and the room is clean and decent makes TI an option for next stay in Vegas.First of all TI is walking distance Wynn, Venetian, Mirage, Caesar's and other major properties.  Unfortunately, you will probably go there for gaming because TI offering is not that great.  Same for food (see reviews of buffet).Rooms are ok, nothing fancy.  Small TV and the toiletries are good quality.  Resort fee is steep at $25 per night.  Fitness room offer free bottled water and fruits. The room includes mini refrigerator and safe.
4	Summary: Was really happy with the hotel. Stayed for one night in a room with two queen beds-- the room was clean, well maintained and spacious enough for the three of us staying there. It had a bucket for ice, a nice bathroom, a safe, a mini fridge (hidden in the closet), ironing board and iron, nice flat screen tv, and a bunch of space if you need to unpack your luggage in drawers. We had a room which looked towards the lonely Trump Hotel up north. Other than that, the hotel staff were friendly enough, the casino was pretty standard with all the usual gambling tables and slots, though we didn't really gamble much there. Location: The hotel is located at the northern end of the action on the strip, across the street from the Venetian and the Palazzo, and down the road from the Mirage and Caesars Palace. I personally wouldn't book a hotel any further north than this (ie Circus Circus or Trump) if you are planning on walking around throughout the course of your stay, or else you'll be taking a long long walk to get to the fun.  Downsides: It is a bit of a trek walking from the self serve parking lot to check-in, so best to have wheelie luggage. We visited the pool which was okay, they seemed to close a lot earlier than people had hoped, as everyone was disappointed when they were told they had to get out. Also, apparently they no longer have the pirate show out front, didn't really care to inquire further, but it would have been cool to check that out.   Price: We booked about a week and a half in advance and got a room for around $110 for a Saturday night through orbitz, with a coupon code. I've also heard that trying the $20 cash trick when you check in will get you an upgraded room, but as we weren't planning on spending that much time in the room so thought we might as well spend our money elsewhere. You also have to pay a service fee at the hotel, which covers internet, and random other amenities that no one cares about, which is $25. They do gladly offer late check out, if you are too groggy to get out on time, but it will cost you $40 extra.
1	this is very good casino to work for bsides housekeeping deparment i have been working there 3 years never go to lunch very determined to have gurst rooms spotless never been downstairs for any trouble besides now they have jeap me out a days pay most places cut a check or can get it to use asap especially when it ther arror no one in that department cares about the employees when there sick missing pay or even in my situation being evited with four kids bec of payroll lady had a  extra job to do that day and she was fustrauted and behind i hope one day they put there selves in our shoes and fix this problem whem we have a payroll issue some want agree because the have issued checks rite then and there but was not african american and i never play the rasics card but in these case i have to thers no way i sld have to wait two weeks for my money i work hard for 12 chekouts and told everybod higher than me what was going on and im still in this situation with my kiddos god bless you and pray for my family cuss i no you have kids and grandkids think about if it was them
3	My boyfriend and I just spent the last four days at Treasure Island. The room was nice and updated. I was a bit concerned we wouldn't have a roll-in shower, since they won't guarantee any of their rooms. We did get a roll-in shower, but they gave away the king room so we got a room with two queens.The view was spectacular, but with the view came the noise of the party pool. Which club music was blasted from 12pm- until the pool closed. Which was unfortunate when we wanted to relax by the pool, but couldn't because the music was so loud I started to get a headache just stepping out into the pool area. The hotel has ended their pirate battle and has gotten rid of almost all if their pirate theme. Almost all of the hotels have gotten rid of their themes.Overall the stay was fun, but it's very different from the Vegas I remember.
4	We've stayed at a few hotels on the strip and I have no complaints about TI. We stayed in in a standard room with King bed.  The room itself was spacious and clean. The bed and bedding were clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was large with and nice shower and huge mirror (plus a magnifying mirror to do your makeup in!) There was a mini fridge in the closet, a huge plus if you're storing leftovers or keeping drinks cool.  The hallways were clean and quiet. We didn't have any issues with noise. Temperature was well controlled. We had a view of the strip and the pool.The pool at TI is nice, shallow, meant more for schmoozing than swimming. There was a DJ there that afternoon, playing top 40 junk I didn't recognize, and all the frat boys and girls were partying it up like 1999. Had plenty of lounge chairs for catching some rays (responsibly, with lots of sunscreen of course).Overall, a pleasant stay; check-in and check-out were painless. The only gripe I had was their Siren Show that happens at night in front of the hotel. It's been drained and cancelled indefinitely. That was one of the reasons I'd been excited to stay at TI. Bummer.
2	Room is quite small. Dimming lightning even with all the lights on, Interior design is kinda odd. Low ceiling made the room seen smaller. Flooring in the toilet is cracked. Wifi is including with the mandatory resort fee, claimed to be "high-speed" but when in room it's rather slow compared to my 4G LTE. Asked for a couple wine glasses and extra towels got CHARGED for $5.41 for in-room service. Please note rollaway bed is extra $30+tax fee. Out first time here and will be the last
3	The pirates show is gone forever :/ found that out after staring at the ships for awhile and then asking someone lol This is an older casino with out much pizzazz :/
4	I was really surprised how nice the room and bathroom was. The front desk attendant was very sweet and accommodating. I will for sure come back.
2	We saw a Groupon for TI and decided to skip the groupon and to just pay for the room. There's a reason it's so cheap. We got in, and it all seemed okay...until we went to go to bed. As soon as we turn the covers down, there's blood all over the sheets. This was at about 11:45pm. My husband calls down to the desk and, very nicely, asks if someone can come up and change our sheets because we'd like to go to bed and there is blood on them. Instead of them just saying yes, they ask him a million questions first. So they finally send someone from housekeeping up... Over an HOUR later. She knocks on the door at 1am, and while she is changing the sheets her walkie-talkie is on very loud and they were screaming and talking obnoxiously over it. Thankfully she turned it down after a few minutes. After that, I was very uneasy about sleeping in the bed. Bottom line: there are plenty other hotels to stay at, I wouldn't recommend this one.
4	We've stayed at a few hotels on the strip and I have no complaints about TI. We booked 2 rooms with pool view.  The room itself was clean and roomy. The bed and bedding were clean and super comfy. The bathroom was large with and nice shower and huge mirror (plus a magnifying mirror to do your makeup in!) There was a mini fridge in the closet.  The hallways were quiet. We didn't have any issues with noise. Loved the fact that I did not HEAR the air conditioner like other rooms I have stayed in.  The only complaint was I did NOT get a pool view - instead it was a roof top view :(The buffet for dinner was WAY pricey and I can see why they give you a 2 for 1 coupon.Would recommend to friends and family.
3	We had our wedding at TI. I'll review the wedding chapel and salon separately. We booked our reservation through one of their reservation agents and chose to stay their because their wedding packages were affordable. We booked a NON SMOKING Tower Suite and the two adjoining rooms next to it. I reconfirmed a few days prior to our arrival. The weekend we were there was the EDC music festival (Google "Electric Daisy Carnival" and you'll understand what we had to deal with). We were prepared that it would be nuts in Vegas. As a "courtesy" they opened up check in at 1pm instead of 3pm only to find out later they CHARGED us $25 for "early check in" (we called after we got home and had it removed). At check in "Evelyn" informed us that we had smoking rooms. We told her that we needed nonsmoking. She said, "That is a request not a guarantee".  We tried to explain to her that we were having our wedding there and that we were told by the reservation agent that we would get nonsmoking for all three rooms. Evelyn offered to waive one day of the resort fee ($25) for the inconvenience of having a smoking room (we stayed 5 days).  We went round and round with her for 20 minutes and her response was the same: "That is a request not a guarantee". At this point I said, "I'm getting married here. I chose YOUR hotel to have my wedding and we have guests traveling to stay in those rooms." Her response: "We have over 1600 people here this weekend." During this entire exchange my husband and I remained calm and courteous despite our anger and frustration at the situation. We did not yell, swear or disparage Evelyn.  My husband asked for a manager and she said, "I'll get her but she's with another guest so you will have to step aside and wait for her." As my husband was speaking to her and calmly expressing our frustration Evelyn was running her tongue along her front teeth, looking at her computer monitor and messing with her hair. My husband knew that she had crossed a line with me and knew I was about to lose it, so he sent me out into the lobby to calm down.  Later, my husband tells me that while waiting for the manager she told him that "only my manager can make these changes." If that were the case, why did she not offer the manager in the first place? When the manager finally comes over, she was courteous, professional  and had been working on resolving our situation. Evelyn never told us that the manager not only knew what we were complaining about but that she was actually working on resolving the situation. The entire check in process took 45 minutes. I'm only giving TI a "3" because our introduction tainted our entire experience at TI and had it not been the fact that our wedding was there and the EDC festival had booked up Vegas, we would have left. We encountered two other awful employees: a snotty waitress in the Breeze bar and the rude man running the TI Bling shop (we had forgotten the cuff links and he tried to sell us a pair of $100 sterling silver ones. We went to Macy's instead and got a pair for $50). Since we had friends in for our wedding we tried to get tables in the different restaurants for all of us to be together. Kahunaville, the Breeze Bar, and Gilley's BBQ each asked for a credit card for the entire group if it was over 8. That was a very frustrating request. With all of that being said: Our Tower Suite was wonderful and large enough to have our reception in it (30 guests). We each had our own bathrooms large enough to get ready for the wedding in. Other than those encounters, the rest of the employees were pleasant, helpful and accommodating. It's unfortunate that some of our experiences were so extreme they did not outweigh the good experiences.  I probably will not stay here again. Considering the amount of money we spent in TI, there's a lot of other competition on the strip and we could have stayed across the street at the Venetian for the same amount of money we spent at TI.
1	Ok, where to start.  3 friends and I were in town for a festival and booked a room at Treasure Island hotel via booking.com.  On booking.com, we paid an $20 extra to have the option of selecting a king sized bed or a room with two queens.  We needed two queens because we had a total of four people.  I even specified in the comments section that we absolutely had to have a room with 2 queen beds.       We get there, only to find out that they've taken the liberty of booking us a single king bed despite our requests/reasoning for a double.  Elsi, a front desk rep, proceeded to tell us she would speak to a manager to see what she could do.  In comes the assistant desk manager from Hell, Nichollete Pelcher, riding in on her high horse, letting us know that she will "take care of us" and only charge us an extra $30 a day to upgrade to the two queen beds (even though we had all ready paid the up charge once through booking.com).  I was stuck, I couldn't do anything, I had to pay it or not have a hotel room.  The front desk experience with Elsi and Nichollete was about the worst customer service you can provide and will be the main reason why I'll never stay here again even if I was offered a free visit.     Some other general comments about the hotel.  The area near the front lobby smells like ten million cigarettes have been smoked there in the last week.  The air conditioning is constantly freezing in every common area of the hotel.  We had to have our room temp set on "Heat, Fan, Hi, and the temperature halfway up in order to get the room to 72 degrees.  The food selections are really bad.  You could pay half the price and have the same experience at one of the trashy strip hotels in Vegas.  Read the other reviews.  Yelp does not lie! Do not trust a business with only 3 stars.  I should've known better!
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #136 - #365Argh! I remember when Treasure Island opened back in 1993 with the free battle ship show between the British and the Pirates. Of course, the pirates always win at Treasure Island. Originally, Steve Wynn wanted to build a second tower to the Mirage. He later decided to make it a separate resort themed for kids to keep the Mirage kid free. The location is in a prime area next to the fashion show mall and walking distance to 5 star hotels like; Wynn, Encore, Venetian, and Palazzo. Room rates won't break the bank but you do get what you pay for. Rooms here are just average and not luxurious as the Mirage. More like a step down.Pool here is oh so small! It's about the size of Ballys for this size of resort and it can get overcrowded, making it hard to find a pool lounger. The casino here is very active and they still have the pirate theme in the casino. That's what makes Vegas unique. They've made some changes over the years like:-Sirens show and removing it for a a shopping center-Expanding Senior Frogs- Changing the Treasure Island Marquee to something with less character and more blandness-Remodeled hotel rooms-Removing Mutiny Bay (Arcade) for Kahullaville-Removing the pirate throughout the casino / hotel
4	I got his hotel when I booked through Hotwire. Check in was super easy and I wasn't required to pay the hotel fee which was super awesome! The room was nice. Not the biggest but it fit 3 people pretty comfortably. My only complaint and only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because it smelled like someone took a huge dump in the bathroom before we got in there. Maybe it was housekeeping. I mean if you gotta go you gotta go I guess right?
3	Nice hotel with a great location. It's not the fanciest hotel, but that rooms are nice. The hotel is located on the strip and within walking distance to a lot (like the mall). You have to show your room key to get into the elevator bank after a certain point in the night, so keep it on hand. We could see the pool from out room and it look ok, but not too exciting to re opted for a pool party elsewhere. We had dinner at Gilley's and the food was pretty good. The manager came by and talked to us for a while. We also tried the breakfast buffet and they have quite a selection.  The staff at the hotel was very nice and helpful.
4	Alright, so everyone wants to go to Vegas and stay in the modern, beautiful expensive hotels, i.e., Cosmo,  Planet Hollywood, Aria, etc., but don't get too caught up in the excitement of it all because Treasure Island is still pretty nice and about a third of the price. It has a great location (right in the middle of the strip with restaurants, stores and hotels everywhere), pretty good rooms (genuinely the most heavenly comforter I've ever slept under) and good prices. We stayed in a room with a strip view, which, as we found out,  is both a curse and a blessing. Yes, we saw the amazing night lights and had fun watching the crazies stumbling around with their foot long Fat Tuesdays. But, we also heard the "Sirens of TI", their (oddly seductive for an initially kid friendly hotel) pirate show outside the hotel...every night...multiple times... Had it stuck in our heads the whole trip--not the worst thing but also not the greatest. The hotel itself is kinda meh--go somewhere else for dinner, but the as far as accommodations it's a solid choice for a Vegas trip that won't break the bank.
4	I've stayed here a few times and gambled here quite often. The rooms are very clean and modern. They do need to work on their check in though on busy weekends. It can take forever to weave through the lines to get your room.The restaurant options in this place are sort of pricey. You can't really get a meal for less than $20 here. My suggestion is to head over to the Mirage on the free tram as their options are a little less, but not by a whole bunch.
4	Friendly desk agent offered champagne for anniversary  despite 3rd party hotwire booking. Very niceRoom average you get what you pay for but clean. Pool party Saturday was great...great!!!!So pretentious beach clubs in Vegas charge cover, charge for chairs. Not that fun. Great DJ free.99... My fav price. Yeah $7beers but your in Vegas!!! Pool is small which maximizes crazy per square foot... It was an absolute blast!!!Also good location.
5	Class class classic. Awesome hotel. . My opinion best for your buck. Every time I visit TI I am treated like a VIP. The drinks in the casino could be a bit stronger, but hey....I ain't complaining....they're free (plus a tip to the nice person serving them). The place is clean, and every one always seems like they're having fun. The night life in the casino is always festive, and the rooms are amazing. Clean, good size, and great views. TI is home away from home for me. I always look forward to coming to Vegas when I am staying at treasure island.
3	It was a decent room but it was quite dusty. The side table next to the bed was very dusty. Also, the bath tub faucet was about to fall out of the wall.  Other than that, the stay was nice.
4	Very friendly staff at every turn. Beds are comfy and bathroom is nice. Room was clean and ready when we arrived. AC was a little warm, one call to front desk and filter changed in no time. We reserved and received a room with a strip view, all I can say is wow. 26th floor. Received bogo for the cirque show and was able to buy two get two even with on room. Great customer service.
3	I gave this place a three star because the check in was pretty fast and it was a good price and good location, the bus stop is very close, the bed and pillow were comfortable. Other than that, there is nothing good. - The room was not clean, there was a piece of toilet paper on the bathroom floor and one lip-stick near the bed. (WOO-HOOO, I got a free lip-stick)- There is no trash can in the bathroom. - Our "do not disturb" sign got stolen. - The fridge stayed warm all the time, might as well call it a toaster. - The buffet was ok, nothing exciting. - The ventilation was really bad. I booked a non-smoking room but the smoke smell just came right from the a/c. They had vanilla smell all over the hotel, the mixed vanilla smell and smoke was just a worst combination for me. Not to mention carpet smell, ahhhh. I do expect that smoke smell when it comes to Las Vegas but it was too much in this hotel.- The fitness was ok, it was small but it served the purpose.- The TV is really small and had a really bad resolution, my computer at home is bigger than their TV, can't watch anything from the bed.Overall, if you're a person who don't care about the smell and cleanliness that much, this place would be a good place to stay.
4	Very big rooms, right on the strip (beside the Venetian and mirage. Excellent location. The buffet is spectacular, you normally get free vouchers along with many more and $20 off your next stay. The poker room is pathetic but everything else is decent. Parking is great. The pool is good enough, has a party atmosphere to it but welcoming to families. I have been to Vegas 5 times now and I will stay at TI from now on because it is by far the best bang for your buck.
4	Stayed here for 4th of July weekend and it was nicer than I expected. I had no issues with the cleanliness of the room as we reserved a nicer room with a strip view. We loved our room. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. Our refrigerator wasn't cool enough, but we called the front desk and they checked it out and it started to cool much better. Only problem I had was the guy helping us with our bags as we were leaving was a bit rude, but you'll have that sometimes. I miss the pirates! I can't believe they're changing it. Change is good, but I like the pirates. Overall I had a good stay and wouldn't mind staying here again.
5	we stayed here for 2 days. 5 stars for peaceful place. 5 star for staff friendliness. 5 star for the location (close to almost every place you want to go in the strip). 5 star for NO incidentals deposits on standard rooms.  5 star for almost everything.. I love our stay in treasure island.
4	Great hotel stayed 2 nights wonderful time very happy with the casino and hotel. Got a great price on are stay and free buffet coupons.
1	This place sucks I paid for 160 to equal 200 for most of there resturants and I called down the day I checked out to make sure I wasn't over and they told me I had 17.82 left and then when I checked out they then told me I had a balance of 236.00 that I owed them don't stay hear they are liers and thieves
3	Wifi should be included, but otherwise we have had great service and our room is clean and comfortable!
5	This is definitely our "go to" hotel on the strip. Good location, reasonable prices and great entertainment options! The rooms are spacious and clean. Customer service across the property is always friendly and helpful.Overall, we will definitely continue coming back!
4	My very first time staying here. We booked a room with 2 queen beds for a bachelorette party. We were on the 18th floor with a view of the mall & freeway. Beds were comfy and room was clean. The restaurants in the hotel were EXPENSIVE!! I can't believe my friend paid $6 for a small glass of Apple juice. Room service was great. Hotel was pretty quite we never once heard our neighbors. I would stay here again especially since it was only $350ish for Friday-Tuesday.
3	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. The room was beautiful and the casino was awesome. The buffet was good but not the best I have ever had. It was great having a starbucks right out front the hotel. The only downside was we told them we were here on our honeymoon and it almost seemed like they could careless. After I said do we get a bottle of champagne or something she said sure. The bottle never came so I called down to the front desk. When they finally brought the bottle it was the smallest cheapest bottle of champagne someone could buy. I thought WOW we just spent all this money to stay here and this is what we get. I mean come one. This place makes SOOOOOOO much money you think they could treat there guest a little better than that. Just sayin!Most likely if we ever came back to Vegas we would find a better place to stay.
4	Not a super high luxury hotel, but very affordable and clean rooms! I like the location- near Fashion Mall, Bellagio, Wynn. Room service does not provide complimentary slippers anymore =(
4	One of the best values on the strip.  Restaurants and Casino r a bust, but the pool is great and the rooms r clean, modern, and most have a decent view.
1	I wish that I could rate this place zero stars or negative stars.  Here are just a few things that I did not like: 1) Room's cleanliness: Room was very dirty. I found a Revlon makeup container in the bedroom floor. So, it was evident that the housekeepers didn't vacuum. I am a male and I don't use makeup. My wife doesn't use Revlon, so I know it wasn't something that fell out of my suitcase. The bathroom was, in their own manager's words, "disgusting."  I found lots of hair on the bathroom floor (obviously, no one even attempted to clean this). I also found pubic hairs on the tub and sink.  Let's just sat that I shave and there is no chance that the body hair of any kind was mine.  Several "clean" towels had hairs on them, and the hairs were from different people (hairs were red, blond, black, brown, etc.). Until this trip, I had never complained at a hotel ever in my entire life. I used to clean bathrooms and gyms as a college student, so I know how tough it is to get the job done in the time allotted. Also, I am a very forgiving person. I don't expect my room to be as clean as an operating room. On Saturday morning, I went to the manager and complained. He listened to me, and expressed his apologies. He also said that the hair in the floor was "disgusting" and "unacceptable." He offered me a free buffet ticket.  That's it.  A free buffet ticket...wait for it...for two people.  He basically accused me of lying. I got the sense that the manager thought I had invited some women into my room because he asked me several times if I was alone (and, I was). I suppose the issue was that I didn't complain shortly after checking in. Well, I basically fell asleep as soon as I got to my room on Friday night and I didn't wake up until Saturday morning. I complained as soon as I noticed the hair. Lesson learned: check your room ASAP after entering and report any dissatisfactory conditions immediately. The housekeeping manager came to my room later on Saturday and checked on my room. That was a nice gesture and made me feel like they actually cared a little. 2) Check-in Process: I arrived around 4:00 PM on a Friday. The line to check in was very long, and it took about 30 minutes to get to the desk to check in. 3) Ambiance: There were a lot of people in the hotel promoting various dinner specials, show specials, etc. I don't want to deal with that inside my hotel. The Strip is one thing, but come on: I don't want chaos inside my hotel. I go inside to get some peace. The hotel's crowd included a lot of country-Western "macho" guys, which I can't tolerate being around. I also prefer to be around a little bit higher class of person than was at Treasure Island. I don't like being threatened at a bar for accidentally bumping into someone who was blocking the only walking path in Gilley's bar. 4) Wi-fi internet not free: It's a little ridiculous that hotels charge for wi-fi. At least it was fast wi-fi.
4	There are a plethora of hotes to choose from on the strip; we decided on TI because this was our first trip to Vegas and we wanted to have enough spending money. We weren't caught in experiencing the luxury of Bellagio, MGM Grand, etc. I admit the outside isn't much to look at, especially the buidling itself, but that's not why you're in Vegas, right? The interior is much like any other decent hotel/casino. I will say that we were pleasantly surprised by the comfort of the room and thoroughness of the cleaning staff. Aside from the 30-45 minute wait to get checked in and the hard water, everything else was fine. Beds were extremely comfortable, internet speeds were decent enough, and all electronics in the room actually worked.The Siren show is a must-see, not because it's spectacular, but because you've already paid for it in your reservation, so why not? Entertaining. A bit cheesy. But mildly enjoyable. If you're visiting Vegas for the first time or want a decent place to stay without breaking the bank, I'd choose TI.
4	Very nice hotel.- The check in was fast and easy.- We got a strip view room, and it was pretty awesome. Bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean, we had a great stay.- The casino was pretty cool, the staff very helpful, and the buffett was delicious.I'd definitely go back to T.I.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #4:well, it's mediocre, as you would expect; still carries traces of its Disney-type heyday, particularly the Strip-front pirate ships (which are actually kind of cool), so there's a fairly high family/rugrat factor here; but most of the restaurants/bars are more adult-oriented, albeit tacky & touristy (Gilley's, Senor Frog's, Kahunaville); it's overall a pretty nice place and low on the smoke smell; seems smaller than most of the Strip casinos, so you run out of places to explore fairly quickly here; best craft beer bet = believe it or not, Gilley's has a few decent selections, including some Alaskan Brewing Co. beers on tap, and Abita beers in a bottle.
4	I just had my wedding and afterparty at the hotel and other than a hiccup at check-in had a perfect time! Our tower suite was clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. Plenty of closet space and two gorgeous bathrooms, with lots of seating area for groups to hang out and relax. The Chapel at TI did an amazing job and we felt like the only wedding of the day (they had eight). Dinner in the private room at Phil's Steakhouse was amazing and my guests spent the rest of the weekend going on about how great the food and drinks were. Mystere was pretty and family friendly but also a bit incomprehensible...no plot, more like a weird and well costumed circus. Daytime room service people were amazingly friendly and helpful. Nighttime room service was not as good and the server insisted on leaving my room with my credit card in his hand!!! Two days later I got a spoof email from "my bank." Buffet on Friday and Saturday nights is perfect for anyone who wants to power-eat crab legs (like me); breakfast buffet had great eggs benedict. If not for the questionable room service at night I would have given this hotel a perfect score. Phil's Steakhouse (and their manager John, who bent over backward to make my wedding dinner perfect) and the Chapel at TI both deserve top marks for quality, service and friendliness. I am so pleased I decided to have my wedding there...and so were my guests! Caveat: the old pirate show, Sirens, is permanently closed.
4	Stayed here last year and enjoyed the stay, booked this again through Hotels.com there rates beat going direct to the hotel. In my room by 2.00pm no waiting line at reception, straight in.Great staff and helpful. Easy self undercover parking.
5	Great Location!- The room was nice, we were on the 33rd floor.  The view was wonderful, it was facing the strip.  - 5 minute walk to Fashion show mall.  And 7 minute walk to Wynn and Encore.  - There are restaurants inside the hotel, and star bucks too!  Definitely a great place to stay, I think its much cheaper than many hotels in the strip.
5	Pros: I love this hotel it is great we got it with 2 for one buffet and 2 for 1 show the show in treasure island was great we also saw the dream off course the dream was much better the room was clean and it was great .Cons: nothing
5	We booked through Expedia for our honeymoon. First off we got a great deal for hotel and flights. Then when we checked in and let them know it was our honeymoon we got a complementary upgrade to a strip view room, just by asking! We received buy one get one free coupons for the buffet (x2) and cirque du soleil show! They sent us champagne to celebrate our honeymoon. Room service was great. They came by twice if we were in the room the first time to clean it. Yes we lost money gambling. Yes Snr Frogs is for youngins trying to party hard. Don't go to Kahunaville. Did not sit well with us. The steak house was good. The breakfast place was good (the coffee house). Don't do breakfast buffet. But dinner was delicious!Overall we are very happy with our choice to stay at "ti".
1	DO NOT STAY HERE. My purse was stolen at the pool and while we were waiting (almost 20 minutes) for security to come another guest came to report their bag was stolen as well. Security took our report but gave me wrong information about filing a police report. I later learned if you don't report it in person to the police (rather you do it over the phone) then the Las Vegas police do not investigate. This is why TI tells you that you can call the report in. I think either they don't want the police investigating or it's their staff doing the theft. Then we requested new rooms keys since one of ours was stolen, they were surprised at why we would request such a thing. There was no apology, no compensation. I had to have my passport sent FedEx to me since my license was stolen and TI wanted to charge me a $7.00 handling fee for receiving the package, I told them no way, I'm not paying that. Also, we had a medical situation in front of the Mirage and my friend called TI and asked them to have a cab sent to the front of the Volcano at the Mirage on Las Vegas Blvd. and they refused, they said "no", that's the Mirages problem not ours. Terrible service, one evening we saw people filling out security reports in the casino because their wallet was stolen. The hotel itself also does not compare to some of the others, it's outdated, and the layout is terrible, the parking garage is really far from the room elevators and lobby. It's a little lower class as well compared to Caesars, the Wynn and Mirage etc..Never once did the management call to apologize or compensate us in any way. I would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone.
5	Ok, so I am giving this place 5 stars because our stay was great here! I have stayed in some of the other more ritzy places, but when my husband booked us at TI for 2 days...I thought, ok let's see how this goes.  I was not sure what to expect, but when we got to our room it was really nice.  The room itself smelled clean, the sheets, bedding and all that was clean.  The bathroom was nice and tidy.  We were up on the 32nd floor and the view from our room was amazing.  We could see the entire strip, we even watched The Mirage fire show from our room.  The staff was friendly and professional.  The casino was entertaining as well.  I would definitely not hesitate to stay here again!
1	If I could give them zero stars I would. Do NOT go here if you want to have fun in Vegas.  The employees here are extremely rude and the pool area is filled with even more rude employees. My brother waved hi to the life guard and got kicked out of the pool area because he could "potentially TOUCH a girl." EXCUSE ME!?!? THIS ASSUMPTION IS DISGUSTING AND DISRESPECTFUL. Even the people around were appalled and agreed that he should not be kicked out.  Absolutely absurd.
3	Love the location. Across Venetian/Palazzo/Wynn/Fashion Show mall, close to all the action on the strip. We stayed here because we were coming in Friday midnight and got a cheap rate on hotwire and wanted to save money since we got the Palazzo for Saturday night. As we got in it seemed like hip hop night at the bar (gilleys I think ) and lots of rougher people around as we walked towards registration. Actually the next day was also rougher crowd. Not as bad a circus circus though.We got a suite and it was HUGE! but the decor was very dated. 90's almost cheesy! with reddish marble in the bathrooms. (there were 2) and those alien looking lamps, the ones were its springs into 5 different bulbs hanging over the sofa. Also, it didn't feel completely clean. The tub felt gritty, like maybe they didn't wash the ajax off and saw grime on the handles. The lights were so dim that I couldn't examine everything else completely. I know it's an older hotel so I wasn't expecting anything fancy and we just used it to sleep. I wouldn't stay here if you plan to spend a lot of time in your room. It's just way different than when I started coming here as a child back when it used to be kid friendly with the arcade and pirate show. I remember coming here when they had social house sushi and celebs were dining maybe 10 years ago and it's just gone downhill. This is a cheap decent hotel in the middle of the action. (I'd pick this over Monte Carlo/Excalibur/Luxor/NYNY/Ballys but not over Mandalay Bay/MGM/Caesars (other 4 star hotels)
3	For the Pool....$140 for Cabana which wasn't bad....service was horrible, they honestly had 3-4 girls for the entire pool, to include Cabana patrons.  Music was good overall, not a bad way to spend an afternoon....
1	Before you "cash out" at TI, read this. On the afternoon of Sunday, August 3, 2014, following some lackluster video poker rounds at a group of progressive machines, I decided to stop my losses and printed my voucher of 90.00. I took that same ticket to a nearby redemption machine, inserted it in the green flashing slot, and whoosh- it was gone. Nothing happened. The viewscreen never changed, and as there is no call button on those kiosks, I hit the service button on an adjacent slot machine and waited. I told the attendants who came to help about what happened, and they first wanted to know what machine I printed it from, and I showed them the machines we were playing. My transaction appeared on the log screen with others- I wasn't using a players' card. I reiterated that I put a voucher in the redemption machine, and one of the attendants said "no you didn't." I said "CHECK THE MACHINE." I was then told "we can't open that redemption machine. " TI never stopped the ATM machine, and others were using it, apparently without issues except for a very upset patron nearby trying to be heard. I asked "Can you look at the video? There seem to be cameras everywhere." "Yes", they said.  But their denials and implications continued and they refused to pursue any video proof of me using the machine. I was made to look like a fool in front of other patrons at their games, and after promising to "look into it" they got back with me and said they didn't find a voucher for 90 dollars and "could not see my face" on any purported video. The most they offered was 43.50 from another transaction on one of the poker machines, it was not mine; I remembered very clearly the amount I cashed out. My partner accepted the 43.50 in hopes of calming me down, but what it comes down to is that they got away with keeping 46.50 of my money and no apologies for anything beyond the frustration. I suggest if you are playing there and end up with a cash voucher, get a casino employee and a witness to watch you cash it. Maybe then if one doesn't get scanned and vanishes into it, you will have a better recourse than I did. I left the casino humiliated and made out to sound as if I was lying, and I will never spend another dime there, period. Angela, the slot manager, was the only TI rep I dealt with that handled me with respect; the floor attendants were the worst. And while I'm here, on an unrelated note, avoid their breakfast buffet at all costs- it is depressingly bad.
1	I was in Las Vegas to attend ASD trade show and TI hotel was one of the hotel referred by the show , i got a room at 33rd flood facing strip , which had a great view, but room smelt bad, furnitures as you can see on picture was dirty with dark spots, nobody was in charge of taking care of hallway's leftover dishes , one ice bucket with few glasses were stayed there for 24 hours , towels looks old and some dirty.Never never go back there.
4	We bought the $59/night special through their website. No resort fee and included 2 for 1 dinner buffet. Room was clean and spacious. Room included microwave, safe, hair dryer, iron. Close to Caesars and the new LINQ. We would definitely stay again.
4	The rooms are clean and manicured, along with a great lobby and central location right next to everything. The valet service was abrupt when we first arrived and offered no help for our luggage, which is the main reason for the 4 star rating. Great place, Tao club across the street and shopping right next door. Definitely a clean and friendly hotel!
4	I can't quite give Treasure Island 5 stars because the rooms are missing some of the basics like a coffee maker and microwave, but what is provided is very nice and the beds are quite comfortable. There is a very small amount of black rot growing on the edge of the bath tub suggesting the place could stand a thorough cleaning although other than that, the room appears to be clean.One major plus is a small safe that is activated by your choice of numbers.  It gives you peace of mind when leaving the iPad and jewelry in the room. The staff is helpful and polite and the casino is huge.the restaurants serve well prepared dishes and overall, the cost has been what we expected. The security is good.  You can't get close to the elevators or anywhere else like the pool or spa without showing your key card.
5	My sister and I had a wonderful time at Treasure Island recently. We have stayed at various locales in Vegas, including The Bellagio. This place is just as good as The Bellagio, in my opinion. Very nice, helpful dealers, awesome rooms, wonderful staff. I accidentally left $500 in the safe here and the wonderful staff member in lost and found helped me to retrieve it! That is amazing!  Good people who want to truly help you have a great experience = a great place to stay!
4	The room was very nice and reasonably priced. The restaurants prices are double what you'd pay if u just go outside the hotel and onto the strip. The pool is great and has a DJ on the weekends. We were given a BOGO coupon to the buffet. But we thought the food was gross. The hotel experience was a positive overall. Except the baggage check at the end. Since we had to check out at 11 we stored our luggage with the hotel until 1:30 so we could stroll around some more. When we picked it up, and didnt tip the guy. He's like "realy?! Thats it?!"What an ass. We just laughed at him. Who carrys cash in vegas just to tip the guy for doing his job. Smh...
3	Back in the day, Treasure Island used to be one of my favorite places to stay in Las Vegas.  I enjoyed staying here because for the price, the rooms were a very good value.  Alas, nowadays...I find Treasure Island to be just average.  The room rates are still fair, but compared to the competition I find my money better spent elsewhere.  You can stay at newer more modern Vegas properties on the Strip for the same or lower price.Another thing that I miss is the cool Pirate show in front of the property.  Yeah, it was a bit cheesy...but it was a cool "free" show.Although, I do not forsee us staying here again in the future, it is still a nice place to visit when walking along the Las Vegas Strip exploring all the casinos.
5	I enjoyed our stay at Treasure Island hotel, upon arrival we were treated very nicely everyone was so welcoming during our check in at the lobby there was a nice older lady making sure we were doing fine offered us some cold waters which was nice . We also got a free buffet for two which was very nice because being on the road for five hours the first thing we wanted to do is get out and eat. Our room was clean didn't see anything out of the ordinary in there like other hotels . The price is reasonable it also located close to everything . They also have a  tram service that running till 3am from The Mirage which helps a lot.  The restaurants at night are lovely music is loud and the atmosphere is great .
1	Clean room is where it ends.  Linens were torn, towels were like sand-paper.  We were grateful to be upgraded, but the hotel positively reeks of smoke, non smoking rooms included.  We walked through all the  properties on the strip and despite a recent upgrade/remodel, unfortunately TI is the WORST!!! They try in vain with coconut air freshener (pumped through every possible opening) to overcome it, but instead give the guests coconut ashtray scent.  Buffet is free for a reason, and that is the only reason you should go.  Never pay for this breakfast or lunch.  Better off at McDonalds for sure.  Staff is friendly and helpful throughout the property.  Pirate show is long gone.  We wouldn't stay there again for free.  Now... If you are a smoker, I bet it's just fine and an excellent value.
1	Wow, Treasure Island hotel rooms are dark, smelly, and have moldy bathrooms with water stained doors. I expected better. Stayed on the 24th floor. Nice View, but wow.  There's also a 28 resort fee. Not a clean freak, but expected the toilet seat to be clean. Yikes. I couldn't sleep thinking about that. Go somewhere else...
4	We like it. Found a mystery deal on Hotwire without knowing what hotel - ended up being TI $42, totally an awesome deal. We stayed in a King Bed room & it is (I'm typing this in the bed) really comfortable. The sheets and comforter are soft & cushiony but can't say the same for the towels - though that's always the case. The girl checking us in was professional. Though could have been a little friendlier.I didn't give it 5 stars because it's pretty dark in here WITH lights, the TV is really weird (but who cares you're sitting in the middle of entertainment city anyway) & our bathroom does not have a trash can (Ahem, Ladies) The bathroom is an awesome decent size.We'd probably stay again.
3	Seen better days. Location is good. Pricing is bait and switch. Dinged horribly for "resort fee". I've been here during corporate outings and had the fee removed. They even charged for early check-in. No, I'm not kidding. And there was nobody checking in but me. The rooms are adequate. Surely, okay if not for all the add-ons. Old Vegas respected the visitor. LV had become like New York of he past. If you are a sensitive traveler, do read the fine print. You will find problems here. Communication with the hotel was poor, prior to travel, and upon arrival.
4	A friend and I were there in mid-December, during one of Vegas's slowest times of the year.  That being said, we got an awesome rate (about $62 per night, and two of those nights were weekend nights).  We also didn't have to wait to check in, and we only waited about five minutes to check out.  All the staff members we encountered were very friendly and inviting, as well.Our room was on the fourteenth floor, and even though we didn't request a "strip view" room, we ended up with a pretty nice view of part of the strip.  The room was incredibly clean and comfortable.  It's clear that the rooms have been recently renovated, as the furnishings are all modern and new looking.  I'm a bit of a design snob, and I was fairly pleased with how our room looked.  My only qualm with our room was that there was no ventilation in the bathroom (at least not in ours), so it got steamy in there VERY quickly.  My friend and I actually had to shower with the door open.The casino is a little smokey and confusing to get around (both of which are to be expected), but there was a vast assortment of games.  I'm not much of a gambler, so we didn't spend a lot of time in here.  TI also pipes in a delicious-smelling fragrance of sugar cookies (or something similar) into the casino.  I would have that scent in my home if I could!The buffet was... eh.  There are better around the strip for the same price.  There's actually no phenomenal dining in TI, to be honest.  There IS, however, a Starbucks right outside the front doors, and there's a direct walkway from TI to Fashion Show Mall, and the mall has a big food court.OVERVIEW: Treasure Island is in a terrific location.  The hotel is fun and lively, and isn't stuffy.  The pricing is mid-range, and is a good "bang for your buck."  I recommend it!
1	Do not waste your time at this hotel. Don't be cheap like us, spend the extra dollars at a nicer hotel like the Encore, Wynn, MGM, Venetian, any hotel but this. Very poor communication with from management and staff. The first night we got there we weren't even able to get a key for any of the 3 rooms we booked because they said our name wasn't on those rooms even though we paid with our credit card. By the time we left and got back home there were a bunch of unauthorized charges on our card and when we called to question the charges TI told us all this bullcrap we were never informed about. Like I said, do not waste your time here. All the hassle almost wasn't worth my first trip to Vegas since I turned 21. Also, the coffee shop restaurant wasn't even that good. We were the only people in the restaurant at 1am and the service still sucked. Terrible staff, terrible management, terrible coffee shop/restaurant, just a terrible hotel in general. You're going to be in Vegas, might as well live like you're in Vegas.
5	The room wss well appointed and beautifully decorated, not to mention incedibly clean. The bathroom was an absolute joy with fabulous bath products and a tub big enough for a romantic soak for two. The bed was a dream and best of all there was virtually no noise. The staff were a delight, from the front desk to the room personnel. Thank you Treasure Island for making our stay a complete pleasure.  We are already planning a trip back.
3	Little Richies was the best thing about this place. It was our fault that we went on labor day weekend, thats why the price was a bit high but we managed. There is a staff member by the elevators who checks your room card before u can get on which was a bit annoying. The room was small with a great view. The bed was very firm. The reason why i gave this place 3 stars was the bedsheets had a handful of disgusting stains.
3	This place is  good. Checking in was fast and easy. The walk from anywhere was short compared to all the other hotels we previously stayed at. We had the strip view 2 queen bedroom. It was a small room with a fantastic view. The bed was okay. After pulling apart the blankets, the last layer of bedsheets had blood stains. We know it wasn't from any of us. I'm not sure if the maids just missed it or what. It just makes me wonder how often the blankets, sheets, and pillows have been left there unchanged person after person. The air conditioning sucks. I'd say the more expensive rooms would be nicer. The pool is small, so if your going in the summer then watch out what time you go in the pool. It gets super packed. We could see it from our room and the water had looked brown when there were a bunch of people in it. The shops and restaurants were really great.All in all I don't think I'll stay here again. I would love to come back just to visit though.
1	Called to book pool cabana for me and my client in town for a trade show outside of pool hours (9pm local time tonight): I was told to call back during pool hours.  The pirate show was closed but not listed on the website.  Put this back on me...this town has plenty of business, too much business and they don't know what to do with it.  (In my opinion.)  Haven't stayed here for a while for a show, quite surprising.
1	I would gladly tell visitors to stay ANYWHERE else in Vegas.  There is nothing good about this hotel except location and the rooms were nice.  The customer service is non-existent.   Rude workers at check in. Waiting for 15 minutes at most food places before even being acknowledged. (there was NO line) Then another 20 minutes before any service.  Pool is small and SUPER crowded.  By 2:00, you cant even move if your in the water.  Not fun, not relaxing.  There are many more reasons NOT stay at this hotel.  The prices arent even great.  Definitely consider staying at one of the MANY other hotels on the strip.  I even emailed a complaint to the the hotel direct and havent heard a thing back.  Again, horrible customer service.
2	We stayed here on a whim after driving through Death Valley and Mount Whitney. My friend said the rates would be really low and low and behold after checking priceline.com we got an incredible rate. I have always wanted to stay on "the strip" but was very disappointed with my stay. Check in was fast, staff was friendly, room was clean. They have a Star Bucks on property but you are not allowed bring anything purchased from any of the stores into the pool area. This was probably the stupidest thing I have ever heard of. They had two "guards" monitoring all the people for outside beverages. So if decide to buy something at Starbucks, about a foot away, from the pool entrance - think again. The pool was tiny and incredibly full. The pirate show is gone and what was most disappointing was the water has been drained from area around the pirate ships displayed out front. It was an eye sore to say the least. For the price I paid I am not going to complain (too much). Oh one more thing added on to the room rate is a resort fee...  yes, you will have to pay extra to use the incredibly crowded pool in which you cannot bring your Starbucks or anything else purchased at the hotel.
2	Stayed here for two nights - very average, nothing special at all. Got the rooms from Hotel.com, paid $80 with tax and the useless resort fees. The room's window were very small making the room very dark. All of the furnitures and appliances were old. Refrigerator was not working, "free" wifi was down due to technical problems, mattress cover was dirty, iron had burnt remains stuck to the plates and the television was down too. I thought about calling the front desk with these issues but didn't want to waste my time as I was there for 2 nights only. Honestly, I will not be coming back to this hotel in the future. I'd rather pay little more and stay in a better hotel. 2 stars for the bed comfort level and decent bathroom.
4	I had a king deluxe room on the 26th floor. The room was nice and comfortable and the bed and pillows were fantastic. The shower was clean and felt great. No complaints at all and the staff was very nice and helpful.The pool was relaxing but the drinks out there  were a little more costly than I was expecting. $17 for a medium sized (maybe 16 or 20 oz?) frozen margarita.
5	Got a tower suite for 5 days. For the price, the room, service, and overall hotel were very good. The bed could have been more comfortable, but we were very happy with our stay.
3	One of the more reasonably priced hotels on the strip. I liked the spot on the strip where it sat, as I hadn't made it down that far before. Lots of shops next door. Once the boardwalk is done being under construction, I'm sure it will be even better. The first stay was right over the pool, which is fine if you are here to party, but being here for work, I had some trouble sleeping. The second stay (within a week) was a suite. Pretty awesome space (way more than 1 person needs). Great hotel for Vegas with lots of casino action, bars, and restaurants.
1	This is not a good spot if you like clean modern hotel rooms. I upgraded to an executive suite and the couch is so nasty as well the ceiling has the popcorn style. If I didn't already change one room today I would actually ask to be changed again. This is more of a large motel.
5	Great hotel, we stayed for a long weekend for my husbands birthday. Check in was busy but they have so many people behind the desk it was quite speedy. I was aware of the resort fee, so that was fine. We had a beautiful delux room with everything promised on the website. Comfy bed, lots of pillows, large soaking tub. The pirate show is cancelled but the ships are still there for now. Nice staff, check out was quick and easy too, and you cannpt beat the location.
5	The suites were spacious and had two full baths! Definitely coming back for a get away trip. Great prices for rooms
4	Got a double deluxe room on the 26th floor in the West Tower for two nights (a Fri/Sat). Great views of the strip (facing Mirage, Paris, LINQ, Venetian, Harrah's, etc.) and also overlooking the TI Pool area. Express check-in cost $33, extra room keys were fine. Only dined at their Pho place/coffee shop during our stay (not buffet). We were able to walk to the Fashion Show Shopping Mall via pedestrian bridge, as well as Wynn/Encore hotels. I did get a couple of sale items at the TI giftshop on my way out. Have already seen Mystere (Cirque de Soleil) during a previous stay in Vegas, but it is still their main show in addition to other headliners. The Buccaneer Bay pirate staged show I remember from way back and its Sirens of TI sucessor both have ceased. I didn't stay and play any of the slot machines this time around.
2	What do you call a review full of dissatisfaction? YES, you got it right if you answered, COMPLAINS. YOU!...Yes YOU My Friend! have won a 5oz. Bar of Soap absolutely...FREE!1. Early checking price $40. Fine. But, making people stand in line for 1hr. 17mins. in early check-in line without any announcement of computer issues, NOT Fine!2. Asked for discount(hello there's an Indian at the door) on early check-in price due to long wait. Rejected. NOT Fine! But, Free extra bed and a Champagne - eh OK!3. Hair dryer full of dust. POOF right in my gelled up hair, NOT Fine! But, I still rocked the style at the club. Fine!4. No ice cub picker in the ice bucket. NOT Fine! I mean, its a Suite c'mon now. NOT Fine. Call the cops on it. eh May be not.5. Refrigerator died in the middle of the night. NOT Fine! We still finished all the beer. Fine.These might not be major issues but hey its still a minor one if you book a suite and gotto go through all this. But, whatever VEGAS trip was still off the hook. Might not book a room at TI again.Book a room here if you are cheap and don't care about the above issues. Cheers!
2	This is hotel is pretty standard, and OK if you don't plan to spend a lot of time there. I will say that the hotel is clean and well staffed, and pretty comfortable. The rooms are nice enough, again- pretty standard. The hotel itself doesn't offer very much by way of entertainment, nightlife, or dining. TI works if you're looking for a decent value and ease of moving around the strip. The good parts of TI is that you're close to Mirage, Venitian, Palazzo and other resorts that have better offerings. Everything here just feels super plain and boring. The restaurants are average at best, and there's really barely any  shopping to speak of. Meh.
5	I love the treasure and pirate theme here. It is a very fun experience. However, my problem was that I was made to wait for one hour when checking in and gambling was a real problem. I was asked for ID on several occasions while I was gambling on the slots even though I am clearly an old man. Why would they bully me like this?
3	The rooms here are OK. They are very adequate but not special. The Hotel has a great location and is very convenient to Convention center and most other things in town. The prices are very reasonable compared to others in town. So if you are here on business or vacation and want to stick to a budget, this is a good choice.
3	T.I isn't the greatest hotel to stay in by any means, but if you're looking to stay within a certain budget and you want to be in the middle of the strip, the location is on point. It's definitely an older hotel with kind of an older crowd and obviously a gimmicky theme, but if you like to do things on the cheap it's a solid spot to make things happen. Gambling in T.I certainly has it's perks too. The tables have a lower buy in and are a little bit more casual than some of the other fancier LV strip hotels.
2	Sorry TI, I am not impressed. We dropped a grand for 5 nights. Booked a king bed non smoking. Were told at check in that no king bed non smoking rooms were available. Anything for the inconvenience? No. Got to our two queen bed room and the bathroom is dingy. As in fixture falling off in tub area. Mirrors were not clean and there were someone else's hairs in my tub. Went to the buffet the first morning, not a huge selection of items, and then my husband and I were stuck on the toilet for about two hours each with Montezumas revenge. The only good thing about this hotel was that it was reasonably quiet and the bartender at kahunaville. Save your money and go to a $50 a night hotel.
4	We have stayed here 4 times now and really like it! Great rooms. Great price. Just wish the bell desk and valet were quicker. We waited 45 mins for the bell desk to get our bags and an hour at valet for our car.
2	TI itself is a pretty nice hotel. However, the service we received was sub par. We encountered several minor issues that kind of tainted our whole experience.1. We paid extra to check in early and to check out late ($60+). We were awoken the next day at 8am by housekeeping asking if the room could be cleaned at that time since we would be checking out. Since when is late check out at 8am? 2. Later that day we went down to the pool and ordered a drink at the pool bar. We asked to charge the drinks to our room... little did we know you have to authorize the hotel to allow you to charge things to your room and apparently this is done at check in--this was never mentioned to us. I suppose it's a good thing, just more of a pain that anything else. 3.The third thing that happened during our one night stay occurred at the buffet. Included with the resort fee that you pay is a 2 for 1 buffet deal. Don't forget to bring along the coupon in the envelope the front desk gives you when you check in or you will be accosted by the cashier and accused of not being a guest at the hotel. I understand where this is coming from, but the manner in which we were spoken to was completely unprofessional and uncalled for. Upon returning to the buffet with the coupon that must be filled out with your name and room number, we were let in. The lady did not even look us up in the system..so what was the big deal earlier?Overall, TI was an ok experience but I don't think I will be staying here again. The right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing here..hopefully they can figure it out.
4	Fun place. Always lots going on. Independently owned. Machines usually let you play which is good. Most servers on the floor are good but like anyplace, always a couple of different ones. Haven't much yet explored acting other then gaming but probably will eventually. I have seen the rooms. Good views. Nice and look new.
4	Clean and in the center of a lot of action. Within walking distance (if there is such a thing in Vegas) to the mall, the Venetian and more. The casino itself is on. Restaurants and shops not too exciting. But the location is great and our room was very clean and large. Would go back for sure.
1	Yesterday when we arrived to the Hotel we found out that for mistake we had the reservation for last week. I'm very dissapointed because when I mention the promotion on TV for 69.00 dls a room and 2 buffets free they didn't HONOR the promotion and I end up paying much more than my old reservation. Believe me that if we stay is only because the inconvenience of looking for another place. I love to stay here always but this is my last time. To  many more hotels to choose from.
2	The pool was awesome,  however,  the hotel was a disappointment.  We went here to get married, the employees were rude snd the restaurants were over priced,  even for Vegas.  We spent most of our time nex door at the mirage.  But the pool was good.
4	I stayed at Treasure Island the weekend of August 15-17 for the first time and I must say that they have excellent customer service. I fogot over $600 worth of gift cards in the drawer upon checkout and housekeeping returned them to lost and found and the gift cards have since been returned to me in California. I doubted that they would be returned but to my surprise there are still good people and great service providers out there.  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you! House keeping and valet services was prompt even though there were ample events going out at the hotel. The Pool/Cabana area is live with great music and the rooms are modern yet cozy. My only gripe which prohibtted me from giving 5 stars is that the only place to eat after about 2pm is at the Coffee House and the line was extremely long.
1	I would give them negative stars if it was possible! One star is WAY TO GRACIOUS! HAD A HORRIFYING EXPERIENCE WITH TIVEGAS! Upon coming back to our room after a wedding last night we found a disturbing man leaving OUR ROOM with a bag full of all our valuables!!! After confronting him, the crazed man grabbed my husband by the throat and ran through the SERVICE ELEVATOR ROOM, using the SERVICE ELEVATOR to escape! Those elevators have to have keys and the hotel receptionist said she has worked there 9 years and doesn't know how to work those elevators!! SKETCHY!!! On top of the terror, security was sluggish and ON OUR FLOOR witnessing the attack and did NOT RUN, they walked, strolled even, over to us allowing the man to escape and offering only to write a report "IF WE WANTED TO". Security then proceeded to try to persuade us to NOT FILE A POLICE REPORT!!! SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH THIS SECURITY SYSTEM?! Isn't safety supposed to be the most important??? I don't think TI Vegas has that priority AT ALL. And to ice this cake of a stay, TI VEGAS Risk Management NEVER filed a note or report to hotel staff/management to inform them of the breach of safety, as well as REFUSED to compensate for the room for our stay. UNREAL, never ever coming back and you are all warned!
1	Absolutely my worst Vegas experience yet and TI Vegas risk management and hotel management are to blame! I would give negative stars if I could! This place is NOT SAFE!!! I came back to my room with my wife & her two friends after attending a wedding that evening to a scroungey smoking male leaving OUR ROOM with a black sack full of OUR BELONGINGS! Apparently security had been called on this "suspect fellow" 20 min prior and they were IN THE HALL as the man proceeded to ATTACK me and grab me by the throat and then run into the Service Elevator Room and escape through the SERVICE ELEVATORS.... ALL IN FRONT OF SECURITY, WHO WALKED SLUGGISHLY TO US! They didn't even jog!!! And their response to us being attacked and robbed in front of them was to offer to write a report "if we wanted to"!!! OF COURSE WE WANTED TO. And then they continued to try to talk us out of calling the Police, which we ignored and called ourself to file a report with the police. Absolutely sketchy and unnacceptable! And on top of it all, management refused to compensate our rooms for the nights stay!! Never coming back, I like my safety more!
2	Never again. I have one positive for our stay but that does not out weight the list of negatives. The positive a suite with two bathrooms. Now all the things that are wrong. The bed is old so old that at a 130 lbs I was sinking that shouldn't happen. Plus there was some rather questionable stains on the headboard, cleanliness doesn't seem to be important here. The service for the restaurants was a notch below mediocre. The seafood shack the worse food and service in this place. I miss the old restaurant that use to be there but then again I miss what the treasure island use to be years ago. Now it's a place that needs a full overhaul top to bottom inside and out staff included. The absolute worse part was the location of our room. We paid for a suite and with suite prices I expect something a little more. Not sleeping one block away from a train that goes all night long. And blows the horn right outside the window. Wtf I have never been so tired on a vacation before. This hotel is small, dark, and just getting older. Stay here if you have no other option otherwise look elsewhere for a nice trip.
1	This past weekend my friends and I had an awful experience at TI. Our weekend was wonderful expect for being robbed and assaulted in the hotel. Upon arriving back to our room a homeless looking man who was smoking came rushing out of our room. As he tried to flee he grabbed my friend's husband by the neck and pushed him out of the way leaving some cuts and a bruised handprint on his neck. The man escaped through the service elevator. The man stole wallets, credit cards, cash, giftcards, some jewelry, and alcohol. The main disappointment is not the items that were taken but rather the lack of security and safety at this hotel. According to our hotel neighbors there had already been a complaint to security about this odd looking man roaming the halls yet he was never caught. Secondly, we will never stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone due to how the hotel management handled the situation. The hotel tried to talk us out of filing a police report, still made us pay for our stay at the hotel, and were simply not nice and unapologetic. Lastly, there was no communication between security and management about the incident which added to frustration. I do not recommend this hotel.
1	I would give this place NEGATIVE STARS if I could. I had the most horrific experience at the Treasure Island Hotel. Upon returning to our hotel room at Treasure Island after attending a wedding, at approximately 12:30am, a disturbing man was exiting OUR HOTEL ROOM with our bottle of vodka, a black laundry bag full of our valuables, and some sort of keycard. When my friends husband confronted him, the man grabbed him by the neck and pushed him against the wall and tried to escape through the door to the SERVICE ELEVATORS. I felt terrified for our safety and was worried that someone would get more hurt. We did not know if this guy could have a weapon and I trusted that security would jump in and help us stop this man. However when I looked down the hallway to see the security while the man was STILL IN THE HALLWAY AND THE ATTACK WAS TAKING PLACE, the security team was WALKING, not running, but WALKING towards us allowing the man to get away with all of our things. I felt completely unsafe and helpless. This man COULD HAVE BEEN STOPPED had the security team taken a dangerous situation seriously and had its guests best interest at heart. By the time the security team WALKED down the hallway to reach us, the man was gone. They proceeded to try and talk us out of filing a report with the police and said we can just file a report with the hotel "IF WE WANTED TO". The next morning, we went to the front desk to try and be compensated for our room and there was no note of the incident that had been recorded on our reservation. SKETCHY!! They refused to reimburse anything but resort fees at $24.99/night. When my friend claimed that this was unacceptable, the on duty manager, Christopher Sheehan, threatened to call security and have her kicked out of the hotel for raising her voice in front of guests. People have the right to know how UNSAFE Treasure Island Hotel is and how poorly they treat their guests, as well as the lack of communication, action, and seriousness of dangerous situations. Treasure Island DOES NOT TAKE CARE OF ITS GUESTS or provide a safe environment. DO NOT give them your business and choose ANY OTHER HOTEL.
2	Since ditching the pirate theme, TI is hotel with identity crisis.  Not impressed with the room which had broken fixtures & loud A/C.  spa is a joke which have to pay $17 extra.  Only plus is good location.  Stay at Rio for $50 Less and much better room
2	try to check in 5 minutes early, the fee is $40.Ask for a half hour more than 11am checkout.. Fee is $40Rooms average with small tvSlots badRude service at restaurants and hotel check inCrowded and very smokyThey tack on a $25 resort fee each day whether you use it or not.Coffee is $3.95 a cupBuffet way overpriced and crappy. Not like other Vegas buffets.Most guests are either overseas Italians or drunken kids..The language in most places in the Casino is worse than docks in NYC where I once worked.Just a sampler folks.Avoid
4	If you want to pay WAY more than elsewhere or your boss and The Company is paying, then this is your place to stay On The Strip.Treasure Island is a very nice Strip hotel.  Sweet lobby.  Just, I didn't see it, how much more they charged than elsewhere for what is only JUST NICE caliber.
3	The valet parking was slick.  Just make sure that you have everything you need from the car.  You cannot go to your car once it is checked in.  Someone will go for you.  When you leave, tip $5-10 when they deliver your car.  The front staff were friendly and the check-in was easy.  Our King deluxe room was very nice, but the edges of the carpet had not been vacuumed.  Also, there was lots of grunge on the toilet tank where the lid meets the tank.  Probably never been cleaned.  The room was advertised for $57.09 but after the Resort Fee and taxes, the final bill came to $85.09.  A resort fee?  Really?  Although I suspect that all hotels in the area are like this, it is pretty much a scam.  Everything, especially the food, is very expensive.  Nothing is cheap.  Oh, and there was no TV guide, so you have to flip through the channels; and there was a 2 second delay for every channel change.  And when are these Vegas hotels ever going to go smoke free?
1	As a long time happy customer when the TI was owned by Steve Wynn or it's last owners the MGM  It's now sad to report the TI under its new owner Phil Ruffin probably has the worst service of any casino on the strip. The property was sold to him 2 years ago, he was the previous owner of the Frontier Casino.. And guess what?  It is well on its way to becoming the low roller joint that the Frontier was it even has a Gilleys Bar to go along with the TI's old Pirate theme. Pick a theme will you!As an invited guess on my last visit my room was comp 'ed. So,I figure they like me. Right? I gamble a lot. So what could go wrong ? Turns out everything. Night 1 check in was ok then drink in Lobby Bar arrive 11:00 pm                                   I went to the bar for a night cap and ordered a beer, after a few sips I noticed my glass had a chipped razor edge, most likely from it hitting the tap. I notified my server  she then took my half consumed beer and emptied it into a new glass, not even checking to see if a glass chip was in the bottom of my old glass.  Not really a safe move, normally you would get a new glass and a new beer. My server looked like an aging ex stripper who had hit rock bottom. She was rude had no manors and offered no apologies. I paid my tab and went to bed.Day 2 I hit the pool totally obnoxious sceen loud blaring Rap music that most people we're cringing over and leaving almost as soon as they arrived. That evening I am eating dinner elsewhere as they offer no good food options.  So  I went to the Valet to get my rental car unfortunately the valet gave me the wrong car. The car was somewhat identical but not mime. When I returned  five hours later TI  security almost  tried to blame me even though I had the correct valet ticket. I felt bad for the people who really needed there car I am sure they were upset as well.Day 3 Service issues with room service a 2 hour wait for a midnight breakfast and  I was on hold for 30 min just for them to take my order! Again crazy bad service  to make matters worse my TV then goes out. So they send a cable guy to my room at 3:00 am rather then just giving me a new room, and he did not get it fixed.When I got  home I wrote a letter to the TI informing them of my crazy almost comical stay to my surprise I got a phone call from the general manager Mr. Najam Khan, he agreed with my concerns however he did not really apologize but said  when ever I return to Las Vegas just call him and he would gladly comp my next stay, he even gave me his private cell phone number. So three months later I called him for the comped room and this is where the itI really goes down hill. My call to the general manger goes as follows.1st call to him he says send him and e-mail on my arrival dates which I did twice with no reply. 2nd call 3 days later says he will call me right back no call back. 3rd call a day later he says he's not going to comp me a room and says his room rate's are $290 a night! Which was total BS I am seeing on line the rates are about $70 a night via Expedia. Then I have to remind him of what happened during my last stay. He then claims to have no memory of it lucky for me I saved his voice mail and replayed for him his message from three months ago.  Then he says he has to search for the letter I sent 3 months ago. More stalling more BS.Botton line this place has sold out it's customer service and is now a low roller grind joint serving the lower end trailer trash crowd and gang banger market. They could care less about the customer  all they want is your money and then they tell you to get the hell out. Stay elsewhere  Ballys, Harrahs, or any MGM property will be better. Oh, the TI has the tightest slot's on the strip too, and they nickel and dime you for everything!  Not safe either a lot of thugs lurking around. Avoid at all cost!
4	The Hotel was very nice. The room was nice and quiet. The service was also good. The casino was tight and the tables were a little high for this type of Hotel. Better place to gamble but still a nice place to stay!
1	Rooms are nice, however, when we checked in, our room reeked of pot. When we called the desk to have someone clean our room, the guy at the front desk was very short with us, in fact hung up on us and says he would send someone right up (which he didn't). He actually asked us if the room "wasn't to our liking". Well, yeah. It's not. I paid good money for this room. I can't imagine housekeeping didn't smell it! How about don't book it again morons.
3	Sure - Treasure Island is older and not as exciting or sexy as the newest and hottest hotel on the strip.  But for $59 and across the street from Palazzo?  Perfect.  I was glad to pay the extra $30 for early check-in and another $30 for late check-out.  $120 - very reasonable!Plus, I was given too many coupons to count (two free buffets, a two-for-one buffet, two-for-one drinks, comp entry to the Fitness Center, etc.).  I took advantage of the free buffet at dinner.  In good conscience, how could I not?  That said, much of the food was over salted, but I did enjoy the variety - not over the top, but decent.  Hello, it was free!   The hotel is well maintained for being over 20 years old.  Service was fine.One con: The bed was uncomfortable.  It just didn't seem flat, but kind of wavy, hard to explain!
3	Being my first trip to Vegas I wasn't really sure where to stay so I chose Treasure Island because it seemed to be in a good location on the strip based on the map. Me and my fiance had an early flight and check-in wasn't until 3p.m. so we were a little concerned about what we were going to do with all of our luggage until then, but as soon as we arrived we were about to check-in, which was great. The check-in counter staff was pleasant. As far as our room goes there are no mini fridges or a coffee machines in the rooms so you have to go to one of the restaurants in the building or walk to an off site location. I don't know about everyone else, but sometimes it is nice to get up and have a cup of coffee before you have to leave your room. I mean it isn't the Ceasar's Palace or anything, but I would stay again if I went back to Vegas because although it is a smaller hotel and casino it is a decent place. For the price and the location you can't complain too much.
2	Great Value but nasty casino employees.I stayed from Oct. 26 to 29.    PROS:   The check in was fast and the young lady was very pleasent.  The room was great for the price being a strip locataion.  It's not a 5 star room but since I don't spend much time in the room, a soft bed and clean bathroom was all I wanted.  The on site Pizza Parlor was surprisingly good and even gluten free pizza available.    CON'S:  The  dealers on the craps table except for Billy, were just nasty.  They enjoyed the failures of anyone playing.  Laughing at one point when things were going poor.  The bar tender at the center bar had an attitude that since he has been there for 15 years, he was the s**t.  Don't bother asking him a question, he's too good to answer correctly.  The casino hosts had little or no time to answer my questions.    In all, I will stay in the hotel because of the price but I will NEVER gamble there again!
1	We booked a tower suite several months in advance. When we checked in, they said the only one available was smoking and that for suites you cannot specify. WHAT?! You can ask for non-smoking for a normal room but for an expensive suite you can't? I have asthma and was completely disappointed. When I called downstairs to see what they could do, they said that nothing was available and didn't even apologize. I was so upset and was coughing all weekend. Will be sure to stay elsewhere due to bad customer service and smelly room.
5	I personally like Treasure Island and have never had any problems. We have stayed here twice and have enjoyed our visits. For the price and location I think TI is a sure bet.  I also love the buffet and drink vouchers they provide to guests (bogo). I mean, I've stayed at some pretty high end places like the Wynn and obviously TI is not going to compare. You pay for what you get but I'd rather spend my money on food, gambling and shopping instead of a room that I use to keep my belongings in (and to shower). Clean. Decent price. Alright location. TI is a winner in my book!!
2	my husbands and mine  first time in vegas and as far as the hotel Goes, its great. My negative,which is a serious dealBreaker for me is when something is not clean-(because i do hair, i  am licensed to touch, meaning i had to learn about ALL infection and sanitation and how to avoid spreading infection etc....) Once i walked in the bathroom i looked at the towels and saw light yellow crusty residue on the towel!!! I know what it is, just didnt want to say (barf) But looking at all the towels i could clearly tell, either the temperature on their dryers are not hot enough to kill bacteria. Or someone's not doing their job washing them with rthe correct temperature water :/ they did fix it after i called them but i was honestly disgusted. The headboard has wierd stains on it- just want to tell the housekeepers to pay extra attention and CLEAN!!!!  not just surface cleaning- but sanitize!! I hope the hotel teaches them about sanitation and disinfection. The tubs, the sheets, everything! It needs it. Our remit control also doesnt work. Womp.
1	Place has gone down hill. I have been going to Vegas for years for work. Staff is rude, rooms are not what they used to be. My $1500 room for 5 nights had no coffee, poor TV reception and channel selection. I could not even watch the game on TV. In April I stayed at the Areil and they give TI a lesson in quality. The restraints with the exception of the high price steak house left a lot to be desired. I walked to the plazzo and there was no contest in quality. I worked a show so I was not there to party or gamble and thank goodness. The other customers where complaining about the poor attitude of the staff. Management sets the tone for any business and I blame them. The thing that set me over the edge was to have to pay $1500 for 5 nights and then the wanted $19.95 a day for Internet ???? Even a hillbilly hotel would not stoop so low. I work for a large German company that visits Vegas often and I will be advising the entire staff to stay away. Give it back to the Mob! The understood customer service!!!
4	Great service. For a reasonable price. I like this hotel. The upgraded room is super nice
2	rooms goodbuffet sucks even at 2 for 1 price. Gilles food sucks. no stars. coffee shop very good. pool is okay.$ 28.00 resort fee daily , every day. you pay. when you check out.
4	I always like staying at this hotel when I come to town. Its usually on the cheaper side compared to the other hotels and its in a good spot on the strip.
2	Sorry but I'm used to a bit more upgrades. Beds are comfortable but no coffee maker in our room.  Prices for room service are crazy...$16 for a grilled cheese sandwich plus an $8 delivery charge!  Problem with the vacation package we purchased through Southwest Airlines. (They suck!) and so the manager gave us a 2 for1 on the buffet!  Woopee!!  I'm not a high roller here and I guess I never will be!
3	Came here for the Las Vegas Rock N Roll marathon, and this wasn't our first time to Vegas but our first time staying at Treasure Island!  Our friends usually stay here and it was their choice and the positives are 1) location, convenient to the Palazzo through the bridge 2) was convenient for the marathon, 3) has a big fitness room located inside the spa, 4) refrigerator in the room to store cold drinks, water, etc., 5) free bottled water during check-in at the front desk;  minuses are it's an older hotel, still has guards in front of the elevators for security and you need to show your hotel card to enter, casino is smaller than some of the newer hotels.  IF you get a package for the hotel, you can have a pass to the fitness room, 2 for 1 buffet voucher and 2 for 1 drink at one of the bars in the hotel.  There's a resort fee of $28 day for free internet access, newspaper, free boarding pass print out in the business center.  I think if you're looking for a good deal at a reasonable price, TI is the place.
4	While on the strip we typically stay at Treasure Island.  We have probably stayed there at least 4 times in the past couple of years.  After reading the latest reviews and considering there was a change in management I was very concerned about our stay. In fact, I actually tried to change hotels last minute but couldn't find any good, inexpensive options.  Our stay was very good and we didn't experience any of the problems other reviewers posted.  It was similar to all of our other stays with one exception...the cocktail service.  I declare the cocktail waitress "EXTINCT" at Treasure Island.  When you finally get one don't move from that area and tip well.  Last year we thought it was a fluke but it happened again this time.  So if you want free drinks please be prepared to wait.  We don't typically eat at TI because the menu prices are crazy high!  The only way to afford eating there is to use the coupons you get with your room.  Also you can get some decent Groupons to offset the high prices. The rooms are comfortable, clean and decently priced. The location is great and you can easily take the tram to Mirage.  Try to get a deal on the room because you have the option to waive resort fees and get the preferred check-in line.  We would definitely stay there again and the $20 trick does work here!
4	Recent reviews got me worried before i came to TI. However, my 2 night stay turned out okay. Checkin was fast and easy. The buffet food was not too bad for buy one get one free. service was nice. Room and hallway were clean.
4	Gather around little Yelpers, let me tell you about my stay at ye ol' Treasure Island. No, but seriously get ready to hear it.We had the penthouse suite here. Our room was beautifully decorated and looked real crisp. Being an all guys birthday weeknd, we wanted to go all out. As soon as entering the room, we immediately fired up the jacuzzi. And 10 minutes later there was water all over the floor due to my fellow comrade who thinks it's not a problem to cannonball indoors. The staff handled the situation pretty well actually. They hand soaked and air dryed the room while we were out and the room looked handy dandy when we returned that night.Being a fairly rowdy group, being loud was a given. Things got a little wierd for us two days in. Our room was the first room on the hall we were in, and they actually had a person standing by our room 24/7. I asked why was this necessary, but the staff all told me they were doing what they were told by the relief and higher class. I'm conviced they were keeping an eye on us.The pool area was exceptional. I mean, it's not a Wet Republic or Cancun, but it's a decent place to lounge around and sun bathe. The music selection was a hit or miss. Some days it was hopping and popping with an actual DJ, and some days it was like they were playing a radio. The drinks are actually really overpriced, but it is Vegas, so you can't really blame them. Anywho, the crowd here was pretty laid back and it was pretty obvious that everyone was hungover. We had brought a handle of Jameson down with us and had our own personal bar going. This goes against the rules, and the staff gave us a warning, but didn't confiscate the bottle until the second warning, when the bottle was already finished. We had forgotten our swimming wear back in the room, and made the executive decision to jump into the pool in our boxers. We weren't escorted out of the pool area, so i'm assuming this is okay if anyone considers this in the future.The tables here are cursed, and do not pay out. Go somewhere else. No, but seriously, I had the worst luck on the tables. The cocktail waitresses returned fairly quickly with the water down drinks, and do not return to you if you don't tip them well. The restauraunt selection here isn't the best. They have one place here open 24 hours that serves food that any late night diner would. We ate here a couple early mornings, and the food is as good as any drunk person looking for a quick bite would expect. The staff at the said restaurant were a hit and miss. Some were cooperative while others gave us the evil eye. My buddy and I came here one morning after a night of painting the town red, and we actually fell asleep after we ordered our food. After miserably failing to wake us up, the staff stored our food away until we woke up. No, they didn't remake our food, but instead saved it for us. I would've said something to them about giving us food that was not fresh, but during my sleep, I actually lost my phone and one of the employees here found my phone on the floor and returned it to me once I woke up. A truly sincere gesture when in Sin City. The food wasn't that good by the way.I felt bad for the maid that was in charge of cleaning our room. The pad looked like a tornado flew through it. After the second day I started tipping any houskeeper that passed by our room and showering them with compliments. It was the least I could do. Our room was always clean after we returned from the daily escapades, with the linen being fully stocked and our bathroom presentably clean. Nothing was stolen or taken either. We ordered room service to go along with our pregame on one of the nights when we were getting ready. Aside from the aggressive lady that yelled at us because we took to long to order, the food was extroadinary. We ordered a bunch of finger food that cost us an arm and leg, but everyone was neatly wrapped and to my surprise, well prepared and cooked. Last but not least, the people in charge of customer service. We had initially asked for a room with a view of the strip, but we also really wanted a smoking room to hot box, but to our dismay, the only smoking room they had, did not have a strip view. So we ended up settling for the view of the not so infamous Trump Tower. My buddy who had initially booked the room, called customer service intoxicated, mind you. He complained to them about the hotel view we had and gave them a bogus story about how he was going to propose tomorrow night and needed a strip view. After speaking to many people he finally had a word with the manager who actually gave us a brand new penthouse with a strip view for our last day there. These people really made our trip memorable and cooperated with all our needs. I'm giving this place 4 stars because their are better places to stay at on the strip, but if you're not really trying to go all, this is not a bad hotel. It's also right next to the Wynn and Palazzo.
3	Nothing spectacular just average, the rooms were ok and semi-clean at least. Played some slots for about 45 mins and 60.00 later found out they were very tight at this place. The buffet was pretty good but overall there wasn't much to do at this hotel it's pretty low key.
5	Thanksgiving 2014!!! We decided at the last minute to book an impromtu trip to Vegas with our kids (3 teenagers - 2 girls and our son). We booked via Expedia and the rates were great. At check-in we were assisted and treated warmly. We booked 2 rooms and were told that maybe our rooms would not be joining. In the end we were totally accommodated with joining rooms and a spectacular view of the strip. This was our kids 1st time and their socks were def knocked off. We were on the 24th floor, the view was amazing and the rooms were great. If you plan on taking a gaming console don't bother, the TVs are rigged to not allow for it. We didn't eat at the restaurants cuz the kids don't care for PHO and we had other places in mind. The staff was great, the hotel is clean and doesn't smell of old cigarettes. The view i think is the best on the strip we stayed on the South side with a spectacular of the Palazzo, the Venetian the Mirage. Out of all the places we stayed, i'd say we had the best view this time. Would def recommend a stay here. It's not the most expensive and its not a dingy crummy hotel. I love that you can just hop over to the Palazzo and the Venetian. I recall the place being driven by the Pirates theme. This is no longer the case and the new management has brought the hotel up a few notches for the better. We'd def stay here again. Bell service and Valet service was prompt and on their game. Thanks for a great stay TI. Hope to stay there again real soon.
4	It's a good location, but if you're banking on an upgrade, think again. They didn't offer anything to me, maybe because it was thanksgiving? Or maybe I looked poor?The rooms were comfy and I like the location very much. There's not much restaurants or anything going inside, but a few but there was one restaurant that had people in it 24 hours. I think it's called Pho Noodle. You can walk to the mall through the over bridge, and you are right across from Venetian and two hotels away from Forum Shop (Caesar). I even called to check out and called for extra blankets. The resort fee was $25, which includes wifi, boarding pass print out, other coupons, pool, gym, and drinks. To be honest, you can go to the business center and just print your pass out because there's no code or authentication. I didn't watch the pirate show because I've seen it before. I don't mind coming back though.
3	We have stayed at TI around 4 times over the past 5 years. This visit the hotel seemed to be feeling it's age.  The rooms were more worn though still very spacious and received a strip view room for the first time which was awesome view. Comfortable but definitely aging.  About half of the escalators or other mechanical items were out of order, basically if you could get up, then down was stairs only or circle to another area of the property.  Staff was friendly enough but no real enthusiasm or providing much in way of overview of features of the hotel, just hurry you on your way and move on to the next guest.  We were supposed to get some kind of champagne service free but nothing in the packet from the front desk explained how it worked so never bothered.  Valet is a joke. Not enough staff and either poorly trained or poorly paid.  5pm on a Friday and they had two lanes open, one guy working and he forgot about the second lane.  You had 5 guests who waited 30 minutes to get service and another 15 cars that were served within 10 minutes, just depended on if you were in the unlucky lane. Morning was just as bad though plenty of staff working. Had guy that took four tickets, dropped one and didn't remember how many he took so left guest waiting for 30 minutes. Found the ticket and tried to hid fact it was lost, didn't bother to apologize and still had 10 minute wait to pull the car up.  On the upside,TI is very conveniently located to reach fashion mall and several other casinos. Parking is easy and casino is easy to move around. On downside, not that much in comparison to other hotels to get you to stay and dine or play, more likely to head out somewhere more fun. Or with better food. Even places like Gilleys had older crowd who was mostly eating and no real excitement. The island grill had best crowd though didn't make it there to eat. Gambling was low key, didn't play much but slots and didn't win enough to keep playing for long enough to count.Reasonable priced hotel, comfortable if older rooms, and convenient location would be reasons to stay. If looking for young crowd, high energy or exciting dining options, look elsewhere.
4	Just returned from two nights at Treasure Island.  Excellent value for money.  Great location.  Excellent easy access free parking.  Large modern rooms.  I asked for a room on a high level to avoid any noise/smoke issues.  Will return.
4	Great location, beautiful views from every spot in the room... Free room upgrade which was very nice, can be quite pricey but, your in the middle of the strip
1	Very disappointed with our recent stay. We are frequent guests at this hotel's stay here several times a year.  The last time we were here we were not charged a resort fee.  Today we went to use our 2 for 1 Buffet but we were advised we needed the coupon we get from check in. The buffet cashier told us to inquire with the front desk.  We go to the front desk the guy said we did not pay a resort fee.  When we checked in the attendant at the front desk told us the resort fee is waived and did not charge us the fee.  The person at the desk told us (in a rude manner) there's a difference between the fee being waived and comped. We told him that we were not given a choice when we checked in the attendant told us the fee will be waived (we assumed they weren't charging it to us since we are frequent guests). Bottom line's attendant was rude.  The front desk was not clear with things.  Very dissatisfied with this last stay. We will not be staying at this hotel anymore. Lastly the valet has been horrible the past 4 days. Is it too much to ask to open the passenger door?  Every hotel we have every been to in Vegas,  the valet attendants have always opened the passengers door.  Mind you the valet wasn't busy during our stay (during the weekdays it's kind of slow... plenty of times we were the only ones waiting in the valet). Last night the valet phone was ringing over 5 minutes and there was no one at the valet desk. Do yourself a favor and stay at one of the many other resorts near by.
4	With TI's renovation, I'd have to say that the stay here was nice.  Our room was clean and equipped with the basics for a Vegas stay (considering you're not spending a lot of time in the room).  The casino itself is decent.  I think the best part of this hotel is the convenient location in the middle of the strip.  And the fact that Starbucks is located inside (but plan on long lines at almost any time of the day).Overall if the price is right, I'd stay again.
1	One of the worst customer service ever received... One of their employees discriminated against us by assuming that we did not speak English. She attempted to request from us to show her our room key in Spanish by saying "Where is the llave." Something that I found extremely disrespectful. We made an attempt to complain to the "supervisor" (Stevenson Graham) but instead he took her side and did not allow her to apologize to us for what she had done. Instead, Mr. Graham forced us out of our room making us leave some of our belongings behind. Worst experience ever at Treasure Island. Never going back to that hotel.
2	I choose to stay at treasure island because of their good prices and a history of winning in their casino. I didn't have time to gamble this trip so I can't attest if that's true. We arrived around 10:30 to check in and the escalator down to the Lobby from self parking was broken. The elevator was around the corner or you could take stairs. There was no line to check in but the girls working the desk were the most boring, in happy I've ever seen in Vegas. We were informed our reserved king room was not available but we could do two queens and move to the king the next day. We opted to stay in the two queens so we didn't have to repack. After reading the previous reviews of being charged for the room twice I brought cash to pay for the room. The lady asked for the booking card and proceeded to charge the balance due on my card. I stopped her and asked if we could pay cash. She looked at me with attitude sighed and said "you don't want it on the card?" I said no and we finished the transaction she handed us the room keys and didn't tell us about any of the coupons, where room was located or what our room number was. I had to ask her how to get there and she said around the corner.Our room was non smoking but you could smell the cigarets first thing walking in. The tv sucked, the iron didn't work, moths were flying in from the air vent but everything else was decent. The in room fridge and safe were nice to have. Upon getting ready the first night my shirt got wet from the countertop and there have been some residual clean agent in the counter and it left a bleach stain on my shirt. The crowd in the casino consist of older people, cheap tourist and hookers. The tram to the mirage was broken for our entire stay from Thursday through Monday. Not a big variety of food locations especially for later hours although the 24 Starbucks is nice to have so close.
1	Legitimately the worst experience I've had in a hotel. I work in customer service, so perhaps having legitimate expectations for how problems are addressed is an issue for Treasure Island. A smoking room with no alternative? Ridiculous. Our room was booked months ago, specifically designating a nonsmoking room- that's not an acceptable way to conduct check in. The room was disgusting, smelled of weed throughout the night and morning. We were offered an "upgrade" the following day, which is the sole reason we stayed at the hotel. It is the SAME room with the SAME view a few floors higher. The manager at the front desk couldn't have cared less for the fact that I was sick and this experience has been completely unacceptable. After offering the same small room with a different view (which may have made sense in the first place), which I declined because I'm tired of seeing any more mediocrity- the manager waived the resort fee. That's "cool"- but the experience of this weekend has been ruined and the attitude with which she spoke was unacceptable. I hoped the upgrade would've  change our feelings and didn't right a review when we were initially frustrated- but this place deserves no stars at all.
1	We came to TI for a company party. While we were here we experienced the most rude personal. This was my friend and I first time here. We did the valet parking and asked for help with our bags. The guy who helped us with our bags was ok, not much of a talker. When our bags was loaded on to the cart which mind you we helped with, he all of a sudden became a chaddy Kathy. He proceeded to tell us that he would not be the one taking our bags up and stood there waiting for a tip. We however did not have any cash on us at that time. We felt bad but in return just thanked him for his service. To our surprise he ripped us a new one as we where walking away, he proceeded to say "is there anything else I could help you with! Really! Thanks for your generosity and have a good day!" Everyone standing around just stopped and look. We were so embarrassed. I could not believe what he had done.  I wish I would have gotten his name. Then when we got up to our room and had them bring our luggage up we knew we would encounter the same thing. So we came up with a $2 dollars I mean come on all he's going to do is bring the cart that is already loaded up he elevator. Again we helped unload the bags and handed him the tip. He unravelled the money and smirked. I will never come here again!
1	I do not expect to be changed for things that were once free . By charging me a fee to watch TV , Internet access, gym thats located on the 3rd floor, a news paper that I need to go pick up at the guest services desk,  local calls from my room,  copies and notary service. By the way all services and taxes can be changed without even letting you know. All at a rate of $28 per night.  Not to mention there is construction going on that makes some areas closed off. Why these new fees ? I wonder when they started this extra fee? My guess is right around the start of construction. I was inconvenience by the construction and really insulted by the surprise fee. Also housekeeping below Standards.  I will not ever come back to treasure island hotel Los Vegas
4	I stayed here on a Saturday night during NFR. We got here and the valet was "full". I asked if we were actually hotel guests if it was still full and of course they made room for us. Thank you valet guys for not making us carry our luggage too far. :)When we were checking in, the gentlemen that helped us was not friendly. No small talk, welcome to Vegas, etc. Very, heres what your charged, heres your room #, "next!" kind of attitude. I understand that it was late, but we were the only ones in line and they were not busy. Plus, I was invited by the hotel to stay there! The room was nice and clean. Three lamps were missing some light bulbs so our room was very dim. Also, two outlets did not work and the Curtain rod was broken so we could not reach to open and close it easily.  Side note**They may want to rearrange where they put the beds... I'm sure I'm not the only person woken up by other peoples "night noises" because the headbords from room to room share a wall. Overall as a hotel, I have stayed here before and would stay here again. I did not gamble much but walking through the casino floor, it did not seem like many people were excited about winning so I am not sure about the gambling. We ate at the Coffee Shop/ Pho restaurant, I'll leave a review for that seperate. The customer service was the only complaint. They all seemed like they did not want to be there, not a single smile, or warm greeting.
3	This is a nice place instate of this the room too small and the but tub as well ;( I didn't enjoy as much I expect from Vegas hotels also the gym was close too early so I couldn't go to do my gym time... Anyway it's not the best but it was ok
4	The stay was ok, the individual checking us in was not very nice.  I have a hearing problem I asked my girlfriend to be my listener and the lady mumbled something it was very apparent she had been beaten up a bit as there was a large line and so I gave her some slack but she was a bit rude and got a little short with us.The room was nice, the towels were minimal, the people that really drive the hotel, the cleaning crew were awesome and made our stay a great one despite that experience.This resort fee thing that's popular in Vegas..to use the gym, and internet..well mixed feelings there, however the internet was extremely fast and easy to set up.This hotel is in the middle of the strip and a short walk from pretty much everywhere so we had a good few days here without the need of using our car.   But I agree with a lot of reviewers on here, the wait staff at the desk it's a sign of management not coaching the staff, not encouraging them to go above and beyond, good things come to people that do their best at their jobs.  They may not think of it as a career option perhaps, but regardless, put in your best effort, you never know who will be on the other side of that counter, imagine "I remember you, you were so nice to me and my wife and still had a smile even after checking what seems like thousands of people", at an interview where you are sweating bullets for a job you really want.Management needs to make that one change or take lessons from the cleaning crew who were 100x's nicer, and it would clearly be a 5 star hotel.
2	This is a pretty crappy and old hotel. The room was dusty and had several missing items such as cups and laundry bags.  The bed sheet was dirty and had a huge bloodstain right in the middle of the bed. I had to ask housekeeping to come and replace the bed sheets.
5	Fabulous hotel!  Get place to stay.  Clean and comfortable.  If you go next store to the mall there is a food court which is very affordable.  Loved the fact that TI had so many places to eat inside the hotel too.  It's at the end of strip where you don't have alot of beggers.  Casino gives you a couple of buy one free dinners at Buffet.  Plan to stay here again!
1	Its 3AM in the morning and it took us 4 hours of driving to arrive at this supposedly 4 Stars hotel. Guess what they tell us when we've arrived at Check-In? Sorry our system is down and we can't check you in at this time. Please come back 45 minutes to an hour before the system is backup and running again...Really!!?? This is absolutely unacceptable!!! We are tired and want our room that we'd already paid for. I have the receipt to prove it too. Wish I can give them negative stars....never again will we stay at this hotel again. Everyone, considered this as a warning for you, DON'T COME HERE!!!
4	Love coming here! I bring the kids here a couple times a year. The prices are good and the rooms are great. The beds are really comfortable. I find it easy to get in and out of the hotel's parking garage as well. I recommend this hotel to families!
5	Great hotel on the strip! Its just a bit further down from where the main action is but the rates are about half! We had a quick and simple check in and since our rooms were all booked we got moved to the 31st floor. The view was amazing. Great time I will definitely come back on my next vegas trip!
2	Directional signage from the garage to the front desk was so poor (on purpose?) that caused us to traverse the entire smoky casino before we found the check in. Then the front desk told us we had a smoking room - no, we specifically requested a non smoking room. Front desk says there are no non smoking rooms so after a few minutes we were given a non smoking handicap room. Room was small but comfortable. Bathroom quite posh (despite the handicap overhead tracks). An ice chest but not one glass or cup. Smoking allowed everywhere, it smelled like.
4	Stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights. Upon checking in, I was upgraded to the top floor room with the panoramic view! The view was lovely, especially in the early morning to watch the sunrise. The staff was helpful and friendly:) The casino area was clean and not to crowded, and the buffet (of course) is worth stopping to have dinner at. Only complaint I would have is the prices of non alcoholic drinks and food.. One example: $3 for a small bottle of water!
1	The show is great! And that's the only good thing in the hotel!. The buffet was very very poor, not better even than any $10 Chinese buffet. If you think MGM buffet was poor, come to TL to see what's really poor!
5	Me and my wife like to stay here because it's decent price and the location of the casino is remotely in the middle of the Las Vegas strip can't beat it
5	The Island Heat show was Fabulous all the entertainers were great but the Elvis entertainer was so good he is a great young Elvis the price of the show was really good the Hawaiian dinner menu was very good we all loved our food too. Do not leave Vegas without seeing this show!!!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE!I booked Treasure Island Hotel through Orbitz from December 25-27 and had a horrific harassing experience with this hotel during my stay with my family. To make a long story short, my mom and I were staying in the hotel room, the hotel guests next to us started banging on our door and attempted aggressively to enter our room through the side door and front door. I had to call security various times in our hotel room during this time and my mother and I ended up having to file a written complaint, because of the severity of the matter. I have called Orbitz countless times in order to reach higher management and have been misguided and told someone will contact me within 24 hours, which is not done. It has been a week now since I have made the complaint to orbitz and TI, with no contact back. I am VERY unhappy with my experience with Treasure Island and Orbitz and TI lack of customer service due to the severity of the incident is insane. The hotel was very disrespectful and did not seem to care that we were at threat to our lives.
4	This was our first stay at Treasure Island. The room was nice, bed comfy. Casino was nice not too large. Staff was great and they checked your room key before you can take the elevator to your rooms. Food was good and the two for one buffet coupons were awesome.
1	Never again !!!! I came here with the family and booked the rooms 2 months before hand. All I wanted is the rooms to be next to each other. Instead they put us on different floor. Far from each other. What is the point of making reservations? Room are small and doesn't come with coffee maker. I asked for one and they charging me $25 to use it!! No choice but pay for it. The problem is they do not put it in the room as I asked for. They want it in CASH .. I have never been to any hotel charging me for the coffee pot . Horrible experience. Never again
2	Stayed at TI for the first time for my 50th birthday. Booked online at TI's website and the deal seemed really good for a petite suite. Our stay: Room:The room was decent but nothing spectacular. Other than a bit more space, the biggest difference from most standard rooms was having two full bathrooms; one with a shower and one with a tub. The bed and pillows were also decent/fairly comfortable. On the negative side the tv was pretty small for a suite, I think it was only 32 inches. Also, and despite being on the 27th floor (mountain view) there was still a considerable amount of noise from the roadway below. Although the room had a refrigerator, it was empty, no minibar items, no snacks, no water bottles (for purchase or otherwise). We were told at check out that too many guests were having problems with the touch sensitive items in the fridge (making unintended purchases) that they removed the minibars all together. FoodOur deal included 2 for 1 buffet. We ate there on a Sunday for the champagne brunch. The regular price is $23.95 and despite having the 2 for 1 deal, we didn't feel it was worth the cost. Food selection was pretty limited for a Sunday champagne brunch; the omelette station had few choices; no waffle station; the only fresh seafood was peel and eat shrimp. For comparison, we ate at the Sunday buffet at M Casino later that same night and it was spectacular. It's a bit more pricey at $39.99 but well worth it. But be sure to have a big appetite/be very hungry because there is so much food!! There were so many options I can't even begin to name them all here but a few highlights in addition to unlimited beer and wine there was: peel & eat shrimp, steamed and cold crab legs (already sliced open so no struggling to get the meat out), oysters on the half shell, prime rib and roast turkey carving stations, several Thai selections, sides, sushi, salads, deserts, espresso; the options seemed endless. I highly recommend this buffet. We also ate at the Seafood Shack at TI; it wasn't the worst meal I've had but it was disappointing and again, not worth the price. We had calamari, scallops, and beer battered fish. The calamari and fish were so greasy. I wound up pulling all of the batter off the fish. And by the way, under all that greasy batter there was very little fish. The scallops and rice pilaf were just okay. The best thing I had in the hotel was the Green Iguana cocktail at Kahunaville. Other:Upon check in my BF was told to call room service at anytime during our stay for a complimentary bottle of champagne for my birthday; unfortunately I never got it. We tried to contact room service periodically for 2 days and ALWAYS got a busy signal. I finally contacted the first desk and explained the situation. The young lady offered to call room service to see if she could help. After putting me on hold to try and contact them she returned only to say that she was put on hold and was unable to help; I would just need to keep trying. Overall:A big disappointment; I expected more from a hotel listed as a 4-star location. I wouldn't recommend this place to friends or family.
5	We were on our way home from California and booked online from the hotels tonight app. We arrived late in the evening and we were only staying one night. Brandy at the check in desk could not find a regular non smoking room available so she hooked us up with a suite for no additional cost. The usually price is over $600 dollars per night. It was huge and very luxurious. The room was a bit dated but still really sweet. The view of the strip from the room was incredible. The room had two bathrooms, its own bar area, and tons of space. I was pretty pleased!
3	Stayed here at Christmas.  Rooms were really nice, a little dark but nice.  I booked strip view but if you ask me it was more of a freeway view.  Checkin took longer than I would have hoped and the gal who checked me in was not friendly but it may have been because she was working on Christmas.  I wish the casino was non-smoking, it smelled terrible.  Close to the Fashion Mall.Room service charges $7 per delivery...
4	Great overall location on strip. We've stayed here twice so far and we were very satisfied with both stays. Rooms were clean and we experienced no issues with hotel.Would definitely stay here again when in Vegas.
2	Their valet is rude and inconsiderate as heck... The actual valet employees scolds you not only once, but over three times if your car isn't in the right lane then when you go to pick your car up which is in the same valet place you put it in... The rude ass staff tells you this is not valet and makes you walk further down... Like WTF, get it together grouch!
