4	Cheaper prices than Canadian Tire, Sears, etc. Large selection and great deals often. They also provide free shipping on appliances. Workers always helpful and sort of friendly.
2	Recently I have purchased at least two items from this store that when I brought them home proved to be defective. A bottle of cleaner that wasn't sealed properly and is now embedded in my car carpet and insulating tape that the adhesive tape wasn't attached. But of course, there is no way to return cleaner in the carpet and foam tape once you have cut it. We also looked for a bathroom fan and we found better and more silent fans at a competitor.
5	This review is from an experience a few months ago, but I was reminded of it by a great experience at a different location today. I went to my local Home Depot store in Pointe Claire and bought a set of mirrored sliding doors for my vestibule. While browsing, I saw a yellow sticker showing a ridiculously low price for a model, without mirror, that would be perfect for a different room in my house. An associate and I looked all over, and the one item showing in the system was nowhere to be found. For this price, I was ready to travel. We found 9 in stock at this location, near Westmount. We called to make sure the product was actually in the store, and once it was confirmed, I left. When I arrived, much to my dismay, the product was not as advertised by the manufacturer who claimed it was white, but it was actually unpainted. The associate at this store peeled back some plastic so that we could get a better idea of the consequences. We both touched the door, and it left 2 distinguishable fingerprints. Felt a bit like CSI for dummies. This wasn't going to work. I've driven all the way, and now to buy primer, paint, and painting supplies, was going to be an extra cost - and take time... I was not pleased. However, just like every other Home Depot experience I have had since I switched my loyalty from Reno back in late summer of 2011, the associate was already concocting a plan. He proposed a dramatic discount on the doors that covered more than the cost of the paint and supplies. Shocked, I accepted. He thanked me for making the trip out to his store, gave me some tips for the paint job, and helped me load the huge doors into my not-so-wide car. I'm sorry that I didn't take his name down for his, though I did take the time to compliment him to his manager. (Is it possible his name was Mark, too?) Whatever his name, he exemplified the incredible professionalism and customer-first attitude that I associate with Home Depot today - at every location I've shopped at. What a pleasure!
3	It has all the products one would need concerning home, the first person that helped us out with our questions directed us to the right aisles and was quite friendly (we were looking for plastic to wrap our windows for the cold) Our quest for salt was a little bit more confused as the cashier sent us outside and I'd have to say her impression seemed a bit like she just wanted to scan stuff and get out. We hunted a bit around the store, (thank goodness we saw a pile in the middle of the store, when we were walking by) otherwise we would have been there for a lot longer!It's closest to our home and I definitely shop here often for garden stuff and home stuff!
