1	Ok, I am not the kind to write reviews.  But, as my teenage girls would say, truth be told, I have to tell you how much I will never shop here again.  I bought three stacking rings from them a couple of years ago.  There is a clearly posted sign that says, we accept trades and will buy jewelry.  So, I present the rings I bought from them hoping to get some money for them and they tell me that they are too worn to be accepted.  Let me tell you I have not worn them very much at all.  It was definitely a hoax that they would buy my rings.  I was even going to roll the money into something else from their store.  No diamonds were missing.  they just needed to be cleaned.  It is appalling that they refused to give me any money.  Do not  give them your money.  Run away!!!
5	This place rocks. They are super friendly and have the most beautiful jewelry I've ever seen. The owner is the designer and they have really cool unique stuff. I love the style and the quality of everything is excellent. My husband bought me earrings for my birthday and they are all I wear now. I also like giving my money to a local family owned business. Thanks Galicia! I'll be seeing you again soon!
5	I bought myself replacement diamond stud earrings there. Loved the service ,price and knowledge I received. I shopped at several places but loved the friendly vib here so much I would always go back . Intimate, friendly and in no way intimidating. Lisa, her husband and assistant manager were awesome. This place is a gem.
5	There are few times in life when you will be shopping for an Engagement ring and i was Finally in the market for one. I went to three locations prior to walking into Galicia's fine jewelry in scottsdale. my Prior experiences before going to Galicia fine jewelry were nothing but Confusing and feeling pressured. The staff at Galicia's were Amazing And needless to say on that day i walked out with the most beautiful ring for the Most beautiful and deserving woman in my life. Thank you Galicia For making my day an my life special.
