4	Always come to order in store and was able to get out of the door pretty quick. Love the pizza, good price, can't complaint.
4	This store royally screwed up our order last night, but the management was gracious and handled the mishap immediately and efficiently.  Food was hot and wonderful once delivered.  If all mistakes are handled in this manner,  the manager deserves a gold star and a raise.
3	Well they got us. Damn those commercials. My friends and I were starving and looking for something quick and cheap. And what do you know, a Domino's commercial came on....and it was a wrap.Now, I've never really been a big fan of Domino's I didn't like the sauce, or crust and after a while I just kinda stopped trying and ordering. So, I won't lie initially I was not a happy camper. But when my friends suggested we skip the traditional red sauce and order white sauce I was a little more optimistic. We ordered the special two medium two topping pizzas for $5.99 each. The first pie had ham and feta cheese with white sauce and the second was their Philly cheese steak and banana peppers with of course their white sauce. Welp, here's my moment of shame. I actually liked both pizzas. Between the white sauce and the hint of garlic in their crust I found myself wanting to eat more and more. My favorite was the Philly cheese steak. It seemed like a weird combination at the time but it was actually really good...tasty flavors and those banana peppers just put it over the top. So for now, they get an A-OK in my book. I'll give them another try and see if they can't officially win me over.
4	Sometimes all you want in life is pizza because your stomach just can't handle the hunger. The total time from ordering to getting the pizza was probably 20 minutes. They seemed busy (I went in for a pick up). But after having had Pizza Hut the other say, which I loved prior to all the new changes they're going through, this Domino's pizza stole my heart. Pepperoni, Phillysteak, and beef hit the spot. The $7.99 large 3 topping deal just can't get any better. I don't know why Pizza Hut had to go fix something that wasn't broken. I also added the parmesan bites to the mix. Those were good. Or maybe I was just extremely hungry. Either way,  that cheesy pizza hit the spot.
