1	Uptight and unwelcoming....they take themselves way too seriously. We should have taken a hint when we saw that the place was DEAD on a Saturday night. The food is boring and run of the mill, for the price of a top notch dish. The service was appalling.When you walk in, you are greeted by a self righteous middle aged server who will be appalled that you don't order wine, he will be equally appalled that you don't eat meat. You will open the menu and see rabbit leg dishes and duck dishes for hilarious prices. We wanted to get up and leave after reading the menu but we were so hungry that we just decided to eat quickly and leave. The only vegetarian dish was the gnocci with tomato sauce - which is what I was forced to order because there was no other option. My partner got the same thing.When our food arrived we were almost ready to pass out from hunger, and when you're hungry everything tastes good right? Wrong. The dish tasted like someone opened a can of tomato paste, added some milk, and called it a day.Our bill came to $65 for 2 gnocci dishes (no drinks, nothing). It would have been worth the price if the food was good. It was far from. I would like to give this place a half star.
4	We had lunch here and the food was very tasty: warm carpaccio followed by gnocchi, finishing with a very interesting porcini semifreddo.  The things that really impressed me though were the staff and the espresso.  It's not often that I have an espresso so memorable.  It was nutty and chocolatey and wonderful.  I forgot to ask what beans they use.We had an event in their very cool space upstairs and the staff were so helpful and friendly.  They passed around appetizers and even had a second person following with a plate to take the used skewers and spoons.  That's the first time I've seen that!!  It was nice for guests not to stand there wondering where to put this stuff.Grazie Graziella!
4	3.5 star food, 5 star serviceWe had dinner here on a Saturday.  The place was busy, but our hotel concierge was able to score a last-minute reservation for us.  The food was well prepared and beautifully presented.  Our group had as appetizers rabbit and spinach terrine (excellent!), seared scallop (good, but not "wow"), and foie gras terrine (I didn't hear people complaining about it).  Main courses included Ossobuco (tender and flavourful), fish of day which was a snapper fillet (it was just so-so, there is not much flavour or seasoning to it), sweetbread and guinea fowl filled Quail and a veal fillet dish which I didn't get to taste.  Desserts were "average", I wasn't blown away by my polenta cake or the ice cream and sorbet sampling.  The best part of our dining experience is service.  Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgeable and willing to help.  When one of the guests couldn't find a particular Napa wine on the list, the waiter suggested a little-known Lebanese brand and vintage to try, which made our friend into a very happy customer.I'd be happy to return if in the area again.
1	Ghastly ExperienceWe were traveling in Montreal with another family. We had visited the Atwater Market (excellent) earlier in the day and snacked on wine, cheese and bread in the late afternoon before attending the Sound and Light show at Notre Dame. Since there were nine of us in total, we made a reservation at Graziella. While it was a bit more upscale than we were expecting, we settled in. We informed the waiter that we were looking for a light meal and he made some suggestions for sharing of particular dishes. Oddly, a particular wine we were interested in which was on the menu by the glass (happened to be the most expensive one) was not available by the bottle. Even more strange was the waiter's comment, "We only have it by the glass because we don't have that much of it. Anyway, it is a little young, I'm sure I can help you find something better." Hmmm... The most expensive wine by the glass on the menu is bad, eh? The warning bells were ringing.What happened next blew our minds. The manager approached and informed us that we had not ordered enough food. That each person in the party must order at least one dish - despite the fact that there were younger children in our group and we had early on indicated we were looking for a light meal. This place was not cheap, we had ordered at least a couple of hundred dollars of food and were definitely interested in a nice bottle of wine. It was also nearly empty. Needless to say, we paid for our San Pelligrino and left. We have eaten at hundreds of restaurants all over the world and never experienced something like that. With such poor business practices as this, I would be surprised if this establishment existed a year from now.
5	IF YOU HAVE A PALATE FOR EXCELLENCE Graziella is worth a visit or more.Our group dined over a work discussion but very soon the ambiance, food and wine turned it into an evening of pleasure and laughter.As other reviews you will read we had the Burrata to start. All four of us agreed it was the best we had ever had. The grilled calamari was also superb. Delicate and tasty. For the main two of us had the risotto del giorno. Tonight it was with braised veal in its juice. I understand why it is a dish made for two. The time and work that goes into risotto (when it's done right) involves so much that it's not worth it for one serving. This dish was perfect. Each bite had small shavings of veal. The plate was perfectly al dente and wonderful. My companions also chose from the homemade pastas: the ravioli and the spaghetti pomodoro. We all loved the food. When I ordered desserts for the table reluctance rose among my companions because we were so full. Needless to say we devoured everything. Raves to the Financiere and cocoa tart.Service was impeccable. Our waiter was well informed and attentive all through the night. Thank you Alex and Grace! The evening was a 10 on 10 dining experience. My recommendation to anyone who wishes a wonderful evening is to visit the team at Graziella.
4	Graziella is a fine restaurant, the food and service are always excellent and the decor is very nice. They also have private rooms available for business meetings or private parties. If there was one negative about this resto it is that it lacks excitement, nothing on the edge. The decor and service are very classy and the food is excellent, but they don't take any risks or push the envelope, something that we are use to seeing at some of the best restaurants in Montreal. Of course this can sometimes backfire, there is no risk of this happening at Graziella so I think that you are unlikely to leave Graziella being hugely disappointed. Amoung the top restaurants in Montreal Graziella is a safe bet.
3	Very rich food and quite overpriced for what it is. Atmosphere is ok but nothing special
4	Lovely Italian restaurant. Went here for a business dinner and everyone was very satisfied. To start, I had a local craft beer pale ale. I think it was St Ambroise but not 100% sure. It hit the spot on a warm evening. The burata appetizer is an absolute must try but would definitely not try to eat it yourself. It's perfect for a group of four (or five as the case was). For main course, I shared the risotto for two with one of our business partners. It was the perfect size and the flavor of the lobster was lingering on my tongue for the rest of the evening. My boss had the ossobucco and he couldn't finish. Had to help him out. Finished off the evening with a sea salt caramel chocolate tart. Mon Dieu.
