1	Here's another negative review of another shady local repair shop, and this is MY story!So I broke my back a few weeks before I came here.  I wouldn't normally come here, the place just sounds shady, Purrfect Auto Service?  I don't even like cats!  But I knew the medical bills would be piling up so when I needed my smog check done $11.95 sounded like a pretty good deal.  In fact that's probably the cheapest in Vegas,  but like anything cheap you get what you pay for.First of all this "smog check" took about 90 minutes.  That's what I said, 90 minutes.  I'm in a back brace and using an effing walker, do I look comfortable sitting here for 90 minutes?  Yeah I'm on painkillers but they're not working, this was supposed to be a 15 minute thing.  How on earth could this take 90 minutes?  Well, like the great guys at Ted Weins they decided to comb my car for crap that didn't need to be replaced.  When they finally finished the guy came up with this laundry list of items that I needed to have done.  Had I opted for these stellar services the bill would have been over $500.  Really?  $500?  It's a '91 MX-6, I paid $600 for that P.O.S. car  why on earth would I want to spend $500 on it?  One of the items that was recommended for replacement was the fuel filter.  Hmmm that's funny because I had just put a new one in a few weeks earlier, it was they ONLY part in the entire engine bay that wasn't covered in dirt and oil.  What a load of garbage.Do not go here, these people suck!
1	I came to this auto service thinking they were dependable and cheaper having so many branches in the city. Wrong. They quoted me $100 which my dealership would have charged.  I assumed since I am the only customer there that it would be quick since I am going out of town right after this last task of changing my oil.  They took 45 minutes to take my car in the back then take another 45 minutes to tell me they don't have the air filter in stock so they have to get it at my dealership. I have already told them I am going out of town and that I am in a rush but they weren't concerned about that. I said I would just get the oil change done at my dealership since the price isn't different and the simple fact it would take longer now. They said they drained the oil out so I couldn't drive it and that I was stuck. What kind of mechanic dissembles a car before checking on tools/stock? They just wanted my money and weren't going to let me leave without it. I was upset and asked why it took them over an hour and half to communicate anything to me and now leave me stranded. They didn't have any answers for me except that someone is on their way to get the air filter. I wait another hour now over 3 hours. I ask what the status is and they weren't concerned with making me feel better about this situation just satisfied that I have to pay them. Finally almost 4 hours later the car is done and I still had to pay $100.  They even smirked stating they could have charged me more.  Do not EVER go here, they have a teenager working the front desk and a bitter Asian lady dodging all customers letting the kid take care of everything. Disgusting.
1	If I could rate this place a zero I would.  I took my truck to get some smog work done. Not only did they take forever to get the work done, when I got the truck back, there was more wrong with it than when I brought it in. Then it took them the entire day the next day to get the work done. When I would call for I status I was told, "yea he's working on it now", but then a drive by the place shortly after, I see my truck still in the parking lot where I left it. In the end I just had to get my truck fixed again elsewhere.
