5	Really impressed on our initial visit here. The decor is fresh and pleasing, service is cheerful and attentive and as for the food - exquisitely presented, superbly cooked and generous yet elegant portions. It's not often I rave about hummus.... :-) We tried it, as well as the tuna tartare, the lamb skewer ( served with the most perfect vegetables) and the beet salad. All exceptional.
5	Went with my husband last night. It is Mediterranean fare and we both had the lamb skewers and it was excellent. The homemade chocolate gelato was delicious and their bread is very good too. Right now they don't have a liquor license so you can bring your own bottle which is great for saving some money and there is no corkage fee which is very nice.  Our waitress was very sweet helpful. It is a small intimate family run restaurant that you can feel comfortable dining at.
5	Stopped in yesterday afternoon  with a friend and had a great meal.  They did a great makeover of this restaurant.  The food is is fresh and delish.  We had a Margarita pizza and a veggie sandwich and they were both outstanding.  Also gave us some of their homemade bread which I had with olive oil, oh my! Looking forward to dinner in here soon.  I have heard the lamb chops are awesome! Ben was great waiter and very helpful answering questions about menu and restaurant.
5	Took two people for lunch today.  This little place,  owners by a husband and wife,  exceeded all my expectations.  The food was absolutely amazing.  Fresh,  flavorful and unique.  You can still get a burger or specialty pizza or spurge on their amazing pasta or lamb,  or the lightest fish I've ever tasted.  I'll come again and again.
3	We went for first time for dinner. The Caesar salad was meh. It had two anchovies, and the dressing was bland. The wine was all right, but $14 for a glass of Oberon Cab?  the reason I'm giving it a 3 instead of a 4 is price.  It's just over priced. The starters start at $11 ( there's only one $11, the rest are $13-15). The entrees are $22+. We each had pasta,  which was pretty good, but not $24 good.  Maybe $16-18 good. So for 2 people, we SPLIT a salad, each had a pasta dish and each a glass of wine. Our bill was $100.  If our bill was closer to $80, it'd have been more in line. Service was excellent, atmosphere is nice (patio dining was very pleasant!).Would we go again? I don't know...we ate the lowest priced items. If we tried anything else our bill would be $120-130...and it's just not worth that price.
3	We went for lunch yesterday and really enjoyed the food and service, but found it a bit pricey. It was four star good, but we had to knock off a star for horrible water. It is hard to believe a place of this caliber does not have a filter system for drinking water, or does not at least offer a slice of lemon.
5	This is such a great restaurant!  Fresh, clean, wonderful food!!!  The restaurant has been completely redone to make it open, attractive, and comfortable.  Good wine list!  Outdoor seating.  Owner/chef, George, could not be more personable.  We have been back twice and expect many visits as we enjoy good food - that is prepared with exceptional care and quality.
5	Went for happy hour.  Food was delicious!  Bar for happy hour only seats four but we were told they are getting ready to remodel entire restaurant .  Dinner of salmon Wellington was wonderful.  Love this little gem.  Carefree needs more places like this!  We will be repeat costumes!
5	Busy but not over crowded on a Thursday night. Very friendly staff and owners. Positive vibe is indicative of the husband/wife owners who love meeting the restaurant patrons. Food and drinks were all well prepared. Moscow Mule was particularly good. In addition to the menu there are usually a few daily specials worth trying. Everything is made with fresh ingredients and tastes like it. Although menu is mostly American, there are some Turkish influences sprinkled throughout. Recommend finishing your meal with a proper Turkish coffee.Looking forward to visiting again!
5	It doesn't get any better than this in Carefree!We've been waiting for a decent restaurant to open in Carefree...looks like its finally here!!!Last night we stopped in and were greeted by a fabulous server by the name of Thea. She was very knowledgable about the wine list, so right off we were impressed. Come to find out, Thea was the bartender at Carefree Station for 8 years before it closed. We miss Carefree Station, especially their homemade potato chips that use to be served for free at the bar! I digress, back to Carefree Bistro...anyway, my partner ordered salmon over beet salad and I ordered the most delicious chicken breast and shrimp dish. It arrived bathed in a delicious sauce with large caper berries and artichokes. Fresh Brussels sprouts, carrots and rosemary potatoes rounded out the meal.It was the perfect complement to the Oaked Chardonnay that Thea recommended. But the piece de resistance was dessert! Profiteroles served with homemade chocolate gelato. Now THAT'S how you win my heart.We'll be back!NOTE: their outdoor patio is pet friendly and a nice option for those seeking gourmet food in Carefree. I don't know of a better choice in Carefree!
5	The food was soooo fresh and light, which allowed the flavors of the fresh ingredients to show them selves. We had lunch, the Greek salad, a beet salad and tuna tar tar. 5 thumbs up to this gem in the north valley.
5	Bravo! Hats off to the Chef and our Server Marty!! Exceptionally fresh food from the cauliflower soup and Caprese salad starter to the Ravioli - can't find the words to thank you for an amazing meal. A definite favorite and one I am eager to return too.
2	The service was confused...forgot a glass of wine, mixed up orders, took 15 minutes to process our check.  The food was average and the prices high for the quality and atmosphere.  Salads were very average, one with both feta & blue cheese didn't really work and the caprese had tasteless tomatoes and generic mozzarella .  The lamb kabob was very skimpy on lamb...three small pieces.  The special salmon risotto  was gummy and fishy, but the spaghetti &  meatballs got a thumbs up, though slightly high priced.  Desserts were nothing special...very disappointing, and we will not go back.
5	Humus and crab risotto was fabulous!!! Wonderful service too!!:) Definitely coming back.
5	Nicely decorated and very friendly staff that attended to everything to make our meal experience excellent.  The dinner entrees were creative and flavorful - really excellent !    Nice bartender made extra efforts to prepare and serve our drinks.  He came over and delivered drinks himself and they were perfect.  Our group will come back again.  I like the atmosphere here.  I hope it does well.....we like having classy, yummy options in Carefree.
5	Delicious food and great customer service!  On the way to visit family in Texas, stopped to enjoy some delicious food from this recently opened restaurant.  The ambience is perfect and the deliciousness of the food is superb.  The restaurant owners are amicable and they go out of their way to meet their patrons.  Turkish influence definitely sprinkled throughout the menu!
5	Always looking for a non-chain  near home.  My wife and we're celebrating our 27th anniversary.  We were gonna head downtown but really wanted something near. Carefree Bistro  fit the bill.The restaurant was well lit and extremely inviting.  A nice patio and small busy dinning room guests you on entrance.  Quickly state by a great justice and we were encouraged.Quickly asked about drinks we needed a bit to look over the wine list.  A few good choices, reasonably priced..but no standouts.  Great selection of appetizers..and a big list if specials.  We chose a few nice dinners, a Risotto  special and pasta fish..we were not disappointed.Desert was outstanding...they were out of the Gelatin..but the flour less chocolate cake was excellent...and coffee was good and bold.Service was attentive, friendly...outstanding..Carefree Bistro..worth a trip..price was good..but food and service were excellent. We will be back.
3	So service is good. Their pizzas are amazing and you can tell the ingredients are fresh... so why 3 stars? I ordered their prawns once. It was around $14. It was VERY small. And what I got weren't even prawns. They were very small shrimps!!!! I am a seafood fanatic so I know what prawns are supposed to look like. There were only literally 5 shrimps too. SMALL SHRIMPS. Not even large ones. I felt really cheated on portion size AND the cost. But other than that... so far the others are decent.
5	On a whim, we decided to drop in here for dinner on Friday night. Got there at about 5:45 with no reservation and we were seated at the last non reserved table available.  By 6:30 the place was full, so I recommend reservations. Our server was Tim and he was awesome. Had the pork belly app and the surf and turf and lamb entrees. All were great. Nice to have this spot in the neighborhood. Will definitely be back.
