1	This is an unethical, unprofessional dental office.  They scheduled my son's follow up orthodontic appointment and when we arrived said we didn't have an appointment although I had the appointment reminder card.  Also scheduled an appointment to have his mouth-guard made for sports again when we show up, no appointment although we had the appointment reminder card.  My son's orthodontic treatment ended early but they refused to remove the braces unless I gave them $1000 (the remaining balance) which I signed a contract to have debited from my account monthly.  Stay away from Aliante Dental.
1	Don't plan anything else for the day if you have an appointment here...they don't seem to care about anything else you have to do for the day.  I waited for a half hour after my appt time and I finally had to leave, that didn't seem to bother anyone there.
1	My wife and I came for a routine check-up (no cleaning) for me, and a wisdom tooth extraction for her.We arrived for our appointment 15 minutes early. We waited in the waiting room for the next hour and 45 minutes. My checkup would subsequently take 3 hours out of my day, and my wife's extraction took 4.5 hours.We were also very disappointed with the pricing. The dentist was adequately skilled and seemed friendly enough, but between the extreme wait times and the pricing, we will not be returning, nor recomending this dentist's office.
1	This place really, sucks, is totally unprofessional, bad experiences all the way around, none of the Dr.'s know what the hell is going on, they all work like if they just started to learn their job. Very expensive and irresponsible on what they do, too many Dr.'s and not enough knowledge.             i do not recommend this place to any one, especially family.I walked away with my job unfinished.
1	Unfortunately I signed a contract for braces before I realized how little the people here care about the customers. It seemed they were more concerned with making fun of the clients and entertaining each other then servicing paying customers.  We had a lady named Ella, who was more concerned with telling jokes than paying attention to my daughter. We spent two hours way to long in this place only to feel upset with how rude the staff is here. Go somewhere else if you want quality service. Just wish I read the reviews before I came here.
1	My experience with this facility was over 2 years ago. I went to this Dental Office as it is in the same shopping center of where I work. The convenience of it that i can go in for an appointment after work sold me on coming in.When I came in to my first and only appointment, they started telling me that i need to do so many minor things that they "suggest" on doing it "now". My mother was a dentist and she's always been my only dentist. Since she passed away not too long after my appointment at this dental office, I have no choice but trust other dentist to look after my teeth. Long story short, 6 months after my visit with them, their collection department called me and trying to collect $60 that was past due from my first and only visit. I gave them a receipt stating that i do not owe them anything after that visit. They insist on telling me that they made a mistake and I have to pay for it. I called my insurance to verify the pricing and to my surprise their pricing was way too high than what a decent professional dental office would.This dental office is a complete JOKE! NEVER IN MY LIFE WOULD STEP IN THIS FACILITY AGAIN. AND SO SHOULD YOU. Oh by the way there's a new dental office that recently opened up a year ago at the same shopping center Dr. Steven L. Hardy - very professional, approachable and doesn't over sell you with other services that's not needed.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS DENTIST ! His assistant the girl from Germany was very rude & bitter to me, also ! I got fillings done over a year ago   Went back because 1 of them was hurting real bad.  The dentist Chung said "HE DOES NOT GRANTEE HIS WORK CANT HELP ME WANTED me TO GO TO "A SPECIALIST"This guy is fake dentist ! Don't go ! I still have pain in my tooth 1 ONE YEAR LATER!   I went to this office because a friend used to work there ! I know why she quit now!
1	Not impressed.   This is for the Orthodontic practice.  The Orthodontist is not local and flies in from the East Coast and only comes one Saturday per month.  Be prepared for lots of cancelations, and a mob of people in the waiting room as you wait, often for hours.   Unfortunately, we signed a contract for braces.  The latest  fiasco went like this: Get a text, email, and phone call on Thursday.  I respond to all three verifying my daughter's appointment on Sat 2/15/14.  Appointment is for 9:30amTake my daughter to the Aliante office only to find the door locked, no lights on etc.  No sign etc. orthodontics have been cancelled.  There are several other family there waiting as well.  Wait about 15 minutes then go home.  Get a call from Aliante at approximately 10:00am telling me the appointment has been cancelled!  Oh really!  Nice notice.  She then tells me the next available appointment will now be April 12th!  The Orthodontist is a really nice guy and no issues with him or his practice personally.  The problem is his staff and all of his travel issues not being here locally.
1	I went in to have an xray done. The told me I needed a crown When I went to have a crown put on they told me they can now do 1 day crowns. I agreed to that, that way I don't have to come back. When they put the prep on my gum they started to press heavily on my gum. It completely irritated the gum. Dr. Chase told me the pain was temporary. Well, it's 16 days later .I still have the pain and now they informed me I will need a double root canal. Why did this not show up on the original xrays. . Now they are unable to work on my tooth because the pain is so intense, so they sent me to a specialist on the other side of town. another they told me they would not do any of the work unless I paid in full, 1137.00. When I told them I'll pay half today, because I wanted to see if they could do this job properlythey told me aI had to pay full or they would not do any of the work. Stay away from this place
5	We have been going to Dr. Chung's (Aliante Dental) for over 8 years and I have got to say there is no better dentist that is VERY CARING,  HONEST,  FAIR  - doesn't over do or say you need more things done than you actually do.   If you read any reviews on Dr. Chung that are not favorable - these people are probably the negative types.   ANDY NOEL
3	I been going to aliante dental since 4 years ago or  a litte more. I got my wisdom teeth removed they did an awesome job. Everyone was very nice and professional. But now is time to take my daghter in I booked an appointment and they give me for may 9 I went to my daughter appointment i waited for almost an hour before they said i was not in the system and that the doctor was not in that day. So they reschedule me for another day! I was very upset. My daughter been having pain we went in for the consultation and everything went good the dentist was very friendly and very nice. But her next followed up appointment was till the middle of july because they are overly over book and the kids dentist only goes 2 days a week.
1	Worst place ever!!! The only reason I chose this place was because they were open on a Sunday. I called on Saturday and was told no appointments was available until Monday but we would be able to come in on Sunday as an emergency appointment. We came in a little after 7am and was td that we should come back at noon for an appointment. We came back at noon and sat there for about 30 minutes before he was seen. Fast forward 3 hours...he was told that he had an infection and would have to have the tooth extracted. 15 shots of novacane and only part of the tooth was removed and was referred to a oral surgeon. It is now 3 hours since we've left and he has not stopped bleeding at allI would give this place 0 stars. Go somewhere else. Do not come here at all.
5	We have been having our dental work done at aliante dental for over 5 years and we recommend everyone we see that Dr. David Chung and his staff are very professional, compassionate and his pricing is always fair.   Dr. Chung has also taken the time to give me a phone call in the evening to check on how I am feeling after a difficult procedure to make sure I am not experiencing any pain.  Andy Noel
1	Worst dentist ever!!! Too many giggly stupid girls working there and not knowing what they are doing ! Over charging customers and not caring about people in pain ! Place should be shut down ! Phone calls are not returned when promised - absolute disgrace !!!!!!!!
