3	It's amazing that I've never been to a Red Devil before.  Grew up right down the street from one, and a friend's family did big dinners there all the time.  Just never happened for me.  But today was craving Italian and figured I'd give it a try.  The atmosphere of this location is definitely - utilitarian.  Kinda reminds me of some Chinese buffet restaurants.  Old school padded/metal stackable chairs and booths with rips in the vinyl covers.  Based on my seat, I got to hear all about the conversations of the folks working there as the waitress hang out seemed to be just out of my eye shot.  Not the smartest kids in class, but they're young.  My server was very, and a bit overly, attentive.  I had to avoid her eye contact as if I lifted my head and looked straight forward while eating she was at the end of the wall just staring at me.  Can you say uncomfortable? Anyhow, pretty good selection of food, but on a weekday at noon there was no lunch menu.  Not that dinner prices were over the top or anything, but it surprised me.  Pizzas looked great, and I'd heard good things in the past.  I tried their chicken lasagna and it was pretty good.  Nothing that is going to make me go running back for more, but it was fine.  My favorite thing about the place were their rolls.  Hard on the outside with a crusty cracked top and when you open it the inside is soft, doughy and dense with quite a nice flavor.  Again, even that wasn't 100% amazing, but with a little tweak, or some garlic butter or herbed butter  vs. regular butter, they could really be great.  Anyhow, seems like a nice family spot.  I may go again if the mood strikes, but I wouldn't feel heartbroken if I never went again either.  And that about sums it up.
3	I've enjoyed dining at the Red Devil many times, though I hadn't been there for about a year until last night.  The food seemed pretty fresh, though I don't imagine how it could be.  I really enjoyed the "Red Devil White" pizza in a 10" size; it's the perfect amount for two or three little meals (i.e. lunch, late-night snack, etc.)  Entrees like the Eggplant Parmesan or Lasagne come with a salad or soup and bread.  Several entrees also come with the option of a side of spaghetti included.  Each entree is between $10-$15, so this place isn't super cheap.  You do get enough food for your money, and service is relatively fast and easy.  It seems to be a very laid-back, East Coast style establishment, with simple decor and a somewhat tacky vibe.  I will definitely keep coming back when the mood strikes.  It beats waiting in line for two hours at Oregano's!
5	Best pizza in Phoenix!!!
4	On a Friday night when you don't feel like going out but you don't feel like cooking either, get Red Devil take-out!Red Devil offers your standard italian fare - pizza, pasta, calzones. Boyfriend and I settled on sausage pizza, BBQ wings and an order of fried zucchini and mushrooms for out Friday night take-out pig-out. The pizza is good - lot of toppings and cheese. You can get ricotta cheese too for some extra yum. The wings were pretty good. We were hoping for more of a honey BBQ type wing but these are more like a spicy BBQ wing - good just not really what we were hoping for. And the fried zucchini and mushrooms were tasty, but really how could they not be?We had leftover pizza and honestly it was even better the next day so make sure you get enough for leftovers!The one downside was the price - it ain't cheap. For those three items our order was over $30. For an occasional take-out treat however, it's worth it.
1	My buddy Mike and I went here the night before Thanksgiving.  We had some last minute food shopping to do, then pick his girlfriend up at the airport.I have eaten at the Red Devil on McDowell...while it doesn't WOW me, it has always been decent food at decent prices in large quantity - so I was willing to hit up this location.Ahhh...the smell of cleaning fluids.  Sure, it's nice to know they keep the place clean - but when I walk into a restaurant, I want to smell FOOD, not anti bacterial disinfectant!I had the chicken marsala, Mike ordered the chicken lasagne.  The salads were predictable iceberg, two slices red onion, 2 canned black olives.  Nothing wrong with them...just lackluster and boring.  Same with the bread.  Sure, it was fresh and warm.  But lackluster and without remarkable flavor or texture.My chicken had been tenderized beyond identification.  (Think the inside of a McDonalds chicken nugget.)  The marsala sauce was bland as could be and the mushrooms were straight out of a can.  I was quite hungry, and made it about halfway through before the lack of decent flavor told me to stop.  The side of pasta with red sauce was fine.  If I ever have to go back, maybe I'll just stick with that.Mike said his chicken lasagne was OK...but within a half hour of leaving the restaurant, he recinded that.When we spoke Thanksgiving morning, he sounded to be in bad shape.  I figured it was because we picked up his girlfriend at the aiport at about 10, so he was up all night "reacquainting" with her.  I was half right.  He WAS up all night...but it was doubled over in pain in the restroom.So - I am the lucky one here.  Completely disappointed in my meal - but I didn't get physically ill.  If that's the best thing I can come up with to say about the place - well, you know I won't be back!
4	Good for cheap Italian food
4	Let me start by saying that I grew up going to another Red Devil location in Phoenix, so I am a little bias. I love the food here, although I think I've only gotten the pizza, salad and wings my entire life! There's a lovely Russian waitress there who is a real sweetheart and who makes the whole dining experience so much better. My one qualm is that not much effort is taken to spruce up the place - it looks like it came from a time capsule buried in 1990. $3 Long Island Iced Teas, and a $20.99 special on a large cheese pizza with 20 wings....awesome. Throw in some antipasto, and you have yourselves a party!
1	11/11/10Was in the area for a November OYE that was about to start in 30 minutes, but I was so hungry and didn't really think my second meal-of-the-day comprised of pie, cake, pastries, and wine was a healthy way to end the evening w/, so I decided I'd check out Red Devil.  It was dead inside (only a couple was there for dinner), and I got the feeling that most of the business that evening was going to be take-outs.Bartender was friendly enough, until I started asking questions about the ingredients.  He still remained accessible, but the smiles certainly went away.  I almost stood up and left.  When the food arrived 25 minutes later, I wished I had left!  I found the calzone crust soggy- no crispiness anywhere, and the mozzarella-ricotta mix made for an ugly, bland-tasting (I detected no ricotta flavor at all) conglomeration.  (See photos.)  The only thing that turned out OK was the marinara sauce, but what good is it if the item you're supposed to eat it w/ isn't worth the trouble?  I had the leftovers boxed, and stood up to go after only spending 5 minutes eating.  After all, I had a party to attend!p.s. What a poor example of a treehugger I am!  No sooner had I exited RD's doors did I take the first chance to throw the leftovers in the trash.  Should've just left it on the table...
3	we were seated right away, appetizers came out quick, the server Robin was  very nice and took good care of us. The wings were nice and crispy like we requested however the pizza want crispy at all even though we asked for it to be. We come here often and have for years and everyone we come the mens restroom smelles of urine. After all is said and done I will keep coming back because the food and service is generally good and the restroom smell if a minor offense that has nothing to do with the food.
1	I am not sure what happened here in the valley to make this place popular enough to have TV commercials...but, it was not something that is good! I am from the east coast, so all you east coast haters go ahead and hate (I am not going back there, I want everyone to have good food...evreywhere). If one of these opened in New York, the syndicates would burn it down as a mercy killing. It would be too poorly executed to exist. I am not sure whether that was Marinara sauce, but that's kinda the issue isn't it. The chicken on the Chicken Parmigiana might have been some sort of tender at some point, that's kinda the issue isn't it though. Its as if whoever owns this place worked at Denny's or IHOP and figured their cost cutting measures would work just as well for Italian food...Whatever, I look forward to this place going under. Seems too many 'native' Phoenicians have fond memories of coming here when they were kids with their relatives though. Let it go already. Will you stop eating crap just because of nostalgia?
5	There very few Restaurants in Arizona that have been around for decades. That's right decades!! 50 years is no flash in the pan, in fact most restaurants fail to see a 20th birthday. There is a reason why Red Devil continues to grow throughout Arizona and the reason is quality. Everything is fresh. The pizza is awesome. I was born in Brooklyn, NY and I do really like pizza. I won't compore this to NY pizza because it is not. That being said I find it just as good as any pie I have ever had in NYC. The pizza stands alone! I have never had pizza that compares to Red Devil. The crust is not to thin and not to thick. One of my favorite parts is the outer crust, it's lite, it's got a little fluff and has a chew to it that makes it very unique and very delicious!!! All components to this pie are fresh. You can watch them "open" a pizza crust. That means you can stand in front of the pizza window and watch them take a giant dough ball and turn it into pizza crust by slapping it and throwing it in the air. So the Pizza is excellent; But how about the rest. What Red Devil does well is stay away from pretentiousness. The dishes are classic, simple and don't come out wearing sequins. I know what I'm getting when I dine here. The food speaks for itself. Like I said, it's Chicken Parmigian and I love it for what's on the inside!! The marsala dishes are very good. I will say that the Alfredo here is some of the best I have ever had. The only problem is that sometimes this sauce can "break" that happens when the butter and heavy cream seperate. When that has happened they take it back and make a new dish. The bottom line is this place is very good and continues to prove it by staying aroound through 3 recessions and continuing to grow. You can't do that without having something people want over and over again!!  This Location happens to be a FRANCHISE and at times tends to be very different from the other locations that as far as I am aware are family owned!!
1	This place hires a bunch of scrubs right from the sewer. Trying to pick up a pizza and you're a young female? Good luck not getting picked up on and "cat called"... Hire more competent and respectful workers and step to plate when making a simple cheese pizza and i may order here again!
5	For me pizza is a love that rivals all others; my wife almost broke it off with me on our second date because I was paying closer attention to the pizza than to her. I've been going to Red Devil for years (not the one in Tempe, the other one) and I love it. The pizza is just incredible and I haven't found pizza like it anywhere else, and believe me it's not from a lack of trying.The individual restaurant isn't stellar, but it's a sports-bar-ish setting and the wait staff is mostly cute ASU girls. For the price and the quality you receive, I highly recommend Red Devil. If you want pretentious atmosphere or pizza that's "like Chicago" or "like New York" or "like Omaha", go elsewhere. If you want excellent pizza that is the best I know of in Arizona, go to Red Devil.
3	I have been to this Red Devil location a few times and it has been fairly good each time. They have decent pizza, and (imo) good bruschetta, because they put the tomatoes and whatnot on garlic bread... yum. Also, they give you a lot of food for reasonable prices. I had bought the living social deal and ended up getting a 14 inch three topping pizza and bruschetta for around 1$. Whoa! I was pretty proud. I went there for dinner tonight, and it was good, but the service was a bit shakey. Also, I got a white pizza with garlic amongst other toppings and it tasted like the garlic was forgotten.... sad day. I would recommend sitting in the bar. Also, PINBALL!!!!
4	I've been eating at this place for the passed 4 years. I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza. It is a nice bar/ restaurant to watch sports in.
2	I think my wife summed it up when she remarked something to the effect of, "Why would anyone want to go in that dive and buy overpriced, mediocre pasta?"Yeah, it was pretty mediocre.  Little more than edible, The pasta really didn't make the prospect of returning very attractive.  The marinara had so much oregano in it that it probably doubled as the pizza sauce.  The minestrone was okay, but the bread roll was a tasteless ball masquerading as sourdough.  Service was friendly enough, but that's not going to save this place.  I love me some pasta, but I don't love me Red Devil.  Pass.
4	I have been coming here for the past 4 years; the pizza and food are great.  The service has been very good, some seasonal workers and some regulars.  I bring friends from out of town here for good pizza and wings.  I would recommend it any time.
3	Well first off ordered mushrooms and zucchini took one bite and Ice cold.. Sent them back so well see what happens next.mushrooms came back hot. pizza just ok. we probably wont be back again.
1	I'm one of those people who remember going here as a child. Haven't been for many many years. Went for lunch yesterday to the Tempe location. Should have had the pizza I guess but the pasta caught our eye so I had the lasagna and my mom had the chicken parmagiana. AWFUL!!  The sauce tasted like it was tomato paste straight out of a can. There was very little mozzarella or ricotta cheese in my lasagna.  My sister had tortellini Alfredo and although the sauce was watery she liked it.  I would only go back to maybe try the pizza but it's unlikely. There are too many good Italian/pizza places nearer to my home.
3	Went back to try this place out after a long hiatus with fond remembrances of pizzas past.Not as good as I remembered-the crust was actually kind of tough and chewy. And they changed their cheese blend of something, definitely a different flavor profile than I remember.Maybe it was a one-off...I will reserve final judgement till I have been back another time or two...this place was the bomb pizza back in the day!
4	Went here for dinner last night with a friend.We ordered the Cheesy Garlic Toast as an appetizer. It was okay...just a piece of toast with slightly melted cheese on top. Could have been better.For dinner we got a 14" pizza with all pepperoni, half pineapple and half green bell peppers. It was so good!! The crust was nice and crispy...and the toppings were plentiful. Also, the proportions were great. Enough for leftovers the next day. Even the pricing wasn't bad. $18 for pizza, appetizer, and two drinks!I'll definitely be coming back.
1	In a word...grody.The second I walked in the door I was lambasted by a serious stank. It smelled like sewage and industrial cleaners. I should have done an about face at this time but I foolishly pressed on.I ordered the Red Devil white calzone, which was advertised as mozzarella, olive oil, fresh Roma tomatoes and garlic. The mozzarella was over abundant and flavorless, the tomatoes were mealy, underripe and were decidedly not Romas (likely Beefsteak or Mountain Pride). The garlic was nearly raw and jammed into the calzone by the fistfull. I'm not a restaurateur but in my estimation the two most oft repeated sins of Italian restaurants is to not make their mozzarella in house and to overload every dish with garlic. Mozzarella is easy and inexpensive to make and I love garlic but there is definitely such a thing as too much.I will not be returning to this location. However it should be noted that I ate at the Pinetop location last year and both the food and the ambiance were excellent.
4	This is the first time i have ever been to this location.  I love the one located in Phoenix, on McDowell Road.    This is a bit different however.  The decor does not have the 60's cool ,romantic feeling of the original location. But, it is really clean and well lit for sure. The staff is friendly and do a good job with their product. The food was excellent! The Greek Salad  was enough for 3 people and  that was the small version.  Wine was very responsible, and consistent refills on the Ice Tea. The Pizza was Delicious and the Wings were fabulous!!!Easy to say i will be back, and did i mention the whole place smelled like wonderful Italian food...Hmmmm. I just wish it was a little darker in there, maybe that would help. Lots of parking in the lot as well and you can also get your food for pick up delivery.
4	Great for togo!We ordered from here for our office meeting yesterday. They were very helpful over the phone. Plus they were the first place that when I call them before they open they don't give me attitude about ordering early. "Yes I understand that you don't open for another hour, but if you could please take my order so that I can make sure it's ready in and hour and  a half I would appreciate it." Do I really need to explain this to people? Annoying. Anyway, I didn't need to have that convo with them at all, took my order and let me know if would be ready exactly when I wanted it, and it was. The quality was good, the salad dressing was great and they didn't skimp on the pizza toppings. They were a little pricey, almost $20 per 16" pizza, but it was worth it I think. Especially since I wasn't paying for it. haha!
4	WAndering around as usual looking for a place to eat, I found Red Devil. I never actually made it into the place as when I walked up there was a takeout window in front of the store with full menu and order taker. This was a great touch, but not a great start as I noticed somewhat of a flood in the kitchen area underway. The water was gone about 15 minutes later when I finally figured out what pasta I was going to order. Turned out to be a great choice with the Baked Penned Pasta, loaded with tasty sauce and enough cheese to make anybody happy. I added a really good meatball (made of ground beef only, my pet peeve) for a dollar and then was forced into the $1.50 garlic toast add-on because everything here is ala carte. Minus a star for not including a lousy piece of average garlic bread with my meal which was valued at about $10. Still, the taste of the meatball and the big penne noodles and huge portion overcame the garlic bread upcharge. LOts of choices to try here, but this was a traditional, solid dish from a place with a cool name.
4	I have been coming in here for many years now. What is not to love~!I think the food is pretty fantastic!  Pizza, really good. Wings,excellant!Salads are freash and flavorful. Like how easy it is to call in an order, pick it up at the window and go.Good staff, the decor is a bit old fashion in an 80;s way. But, in the grand scheme it means nothing. I like the food here so I will be back many times!Lots of parking in the lot as well.
5	This is a review for the pizza take out.There are a few levels of pizza in the 602.Top tier is Pizzia Bianco, Cibo, Federal PIzza, et al. Those are NOT daily pizza choices, to me they are special occasions. Everyday kind of awesome pizza is Red Devil! Light years ahead of NYPD, Streets, etc. this place is legit! I highly recommend trying the pizza 'well done' which gets you more char on the crust. It's super good. This place also has really great wings, which surprised me. I ask for all drums, as those little wings aren't worth the trouble.Keep up the good work Red Devil. You are an oldie but a goodie.
5	After having the personal sized cheese piza I was very pleased with the composition of the sauce and cheese blend. The flavor of the herbs and spices were very pleasing to my pallet.  To top off the meal I ended with a dessert sampler platter which was an exquisite variety of fresh baked cookies including cheese cake. Because of the ample meal I took most of the cookies home for a snack later. This location is also family friendly and my server was very attentive and accommodating.
3	Good food decent prices, only been here for lunch though
3	Went back and tried the Poll Basil. Should have stuck with the red sauce items. The chicken in this dish seemed strangely cut and not cooked enough (not pink, just not fully heated). It was a good size portion, but there was cheese on the dish which was not mentioned and way too much garlic even for a garlic lover. You get your choice of pasta, but at $11.30, it is a bit pricey and I do not like having to pay extra for garlic toast which at least should be included with your entree. Not a bust, but not as good as my previous meal.
5	Great service and incredible food. I had the cheesy garlic toast and wings, and they were enough to fill me up. I can't wait to go back and sample some more of this fabulous restaurant's menu!
4	We had a great chicken wing pizza per the recommendation of the waitress. It was very good with plenty of toppings, and cooked to perfection. The service was very good from the wait staff. There is a hostess station in the front. But, for some reason it was empty? Other than that, excellent food and great service. Very clean as well.
5	I'm from the area and my family loved this place when I was younger, I was never a fan. My mom still loves it and wanted to go here for her birthday recently. Of course, we reluctantly agreed. There were about 15 of us with no reservations on a Saturday night. We were seated quickly and our waitress was awesome. I hadn't been in so long and didn't like it when I was there, so I asked my sister what to order. She gets the chicken romano. I decided I would give it a try... OMG! It was absolutely amazing. It's a thin piece of chicken, breaded and fried, then placed on melted butter (almost overflowing the plate) and topped with green onions and garlic. It was the size of the plate so I didn't eat the side of spaghetti that came with it. Since this visit, I have been back weekly and would recommend the NY Style Mild Wings and the Chicken Romano, sometimes I get them on the same visit and take the leftovers home. Portions are huge, service is great and the flavored iced tea is awesome! We will continue to visit and hope the food stays the same!Side note: We went there two nights ago with our 1 year old daughter and realized we were out of milk, we asked if we could order a tall glass of milk. The waiter said he'd be glad to fill the bottle for us, so he asked us to take the lid off and filled it. When our bill came the milk was not on there. We asked them about it and they said, on the house!
5	I have always loved this place! Great staff and food!
2	First of all, I'm a loyal RD customer.  I've been going to the Phoenix (McDowell/32nd St.) location happily since 1967!But, last year, I lost my home in Phx, and had to move back to Tempe, my childhood home.  And began going to the Southern/Mill location.Generally, a consistent disappointment!Pizzas have been 'okay', but not up to Phx standards.Salad not near the quality of freshness and ingredients of Phx.And the pasta w/meat sauce?Overcooked, like we got the bottom of the kettle!  Even the garlic toast was meh!I DO plan on going back, and hoping things improve.It's a long drive to Phoenix for the same items!Tempe - PLEASE up your quality!
5	I have been coming to Red Devil for over 10 years.  I've had almost everything on the menu and never a bad meal. Love the pizza  crust The service is excellent. See Travis in the bar!
2	I just sent the following message through their website.  I'll update when I receive a reply.  Only 2 stars because not a fan of sausage and lack of an on the spot appropriate response.Just picked up my pizza from your take out window at the Mill and Southern location.  Order #48, medium pepperoni and MUSHROOM order, and received a pepperoni and SAUSAGE pizza.Order was placed by phone, employee name not given (or asked for), order repeated back correctly, but still the wrong toppings.When this was mentioned to the cashier, his reply was "I did not take the order"  and "I can make another one".  Not sincere, did not look me in the eye.  I work and cannot wait the additional time for the correct order to be made.  Why not an offer to discount the one wrong topping?It's going to be a long weekend of SAUSAGE.  Kind of dissapointing.
4	Update-  I recevied an e-mail on Saturday morning from Joe Ansara, one of the owners of this location.  His apology was sincere and he offered a FREE pizza on my next visit.  This was a much more appropriate response to the problem, and even though I did not enjoy these pizza toppings, I was able to share it with other employees who appreciated sausage.  Still my go to take out pizza place!  Back to 4 stars (really, who has had the perfect pizza?).
1	I walked in with my family and we waited to be seated...for 10 min! Employees saw us there and just ignored us and kept going about their business. I fully understand if they're slammed and running around, but a "we'll be right with you" goes a long way and we didn't get any of that. We just got blown off. We were all hungry and this was totally unacceptable. We left and went down the street to Venezia's. They were friendly and wanted our business.
5	Red Devil is everything I could ask for in a quick, take-out pizza. I call ahead, ride my bike to the window and bam. Great pizza. I also bring my dog there occasionally with no trouble.
1	10 years ago Red Devil was bomb. 2014 straight trash. I don't get it and you go to the store and then some of the same managers that have been working there for years.
5	I cant believe this place only has 37 reviews! Ive been going to Red Devil for decades as well....best pizza dough and wings (so says my husband, as i don't eat wings) anywhere.   The pizza and wings special is our normal choice along with a salad.... Mmmmmm!
5	We tried the cheesy bread and pepperoni/sausage pizza. It was delicious. I would definitely recommend them. We were in/out in a reasonable amount of time.
1	When we lived in Tempe from 2003-2008; my family and I used to frequently visit this Red Devil location because we always were impressed with the quality of food, price and service. After we returned to living in the area after 5 years of living in another state, we made it a point to return to our old hangout spot. I don't know what happened  in the five years between visits, but the quality has fallen off badly and that is the nicest possible way I can word it. The poor quality began the moment we walked in the door. The host, who seemed about as enthusiastic to be there as I am when I go get a colonoscopy, greets us with "how many?" No "hello thanks for coming," or "welcome to  Red Devil, how are you today?" or even a slight acknowledgement of appreciation for us being there. Then, we have a 19 month old.  99.999 percent of restaurants we visit at least ask us if we want a booster seat or high seat. Not Red Devil. We had to ask for one, they fijlnally bring us one after 10 minutes; but the damn thing is one without a buckle to keep him safe. Then, we ordered an appetizer and our meal. After 20 minutes of waiting, without any interaction with our waitress, which led to four empty drink cups and thirst began kicking in, the woman comes out and notifies us they are "really busy in the back." I'd give this excuse a fair amount of consideration if there was a line of people out the door. However, along with us, there were no more than three other families there; all of whom were dining already when we arrived. Then, we finally get our pizza, but no plates. She tosses the pizza down in front of us and walks away. When she finally returns, I have to ask her for plates to use, to which she responds "oh you don't already have them??" I suppose I asked for plates for my health and they were already on pur table; and must have been invisible ones that she could see, but noone else could. Topping it all off,  our pizza was lukewarm like it had been out of the oven for a half an hour or more, had a finger full of barbeque sauce on the entire pizza (we ordered the bbq chicken one) and was severely lacking toppings. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect the pizza to be loaded and the company to dump every ingredient they have on it,  but if I am spending $18 dollars on a pizza; I sure as hell don't want to eat just the dough and crust.. And if nothing else, at least make damn sure the thing is barely warmer than room temperature.  I am beyond disappointed with this experience.. I am not one who complains about every little detail, and generally am an easy person to please. As such, I don't like to hand out negative reviews and really will do so only if the experience is a completely undesirable one. This experience ranks as just that. If I wanted to be treated poorly upon arrival,  have a lengthy and unnecessary wait, have to ask for basic dining items, refills and a seat for my son to sit in; I'd have just gone through the drive through at Carl's Jr. At least there, I know my food will be hot. In conclusion; I couldn't wait to get back to Red Devil after five years. Now, it will be a long time before we go back again, if we go at all.
5	I had a 1 day notice to have a birthday party for 20 people. Called Red devil at 8:30pm and made a reservation for 20 the next day. The food was great, the service was great Thanks so much!
5	Been coming here for years.  I haven't ever been disappointed.  For years all I ever ordered was Pizza & Wings.  They have the best Pizza & Wings hands down! Then I started exploring the rest of their menu. Again every dish I tried was amazing.So if you are in Tempe (although I travel from Casa Grande) and want some great Italian or just Pizza & Wings, this is the place! Also the owners are great people who know what it takes to have a great restaurant.
5	One of the best pizzas I have eaten. Soft, crispy, a little burned on top. Absolutely delicious! 10" for 8 bucks and 22 oz Coors light for $3.50, what a deal!
5	For how good the food is I'm surprised this place isn't always packed.  Great pizza and wings,  they make their own blue cheese which I really enjoy as well.  It can be a bit pricey which may keep the best deal hunters away but we'll worth the money in my opinion.
4	Best place to get traditional pizza and simple Italian-American food.  Good crust, sauce, etc.  Way better than any chain.  This is not where to go for more exotic specialty/gourmet pizza, but for traditional stuff it doesn't get any better.
1	I heard such great things about this restaurant... I was totally looking forward to it.. The building and interior decor is totally outdated.. but then again who cares. Its about the food anyways.. I ordered the TORTELLINI BROCCOLI ALFREDO..... So SO gross. Tasted like something cheap out of a can.. I am not a picky eater at all whatsoever... and this was nasty....
5	Love love love this place! Their hot wings are my fav. and also the meatball sub is so good too. My husband loves the calzones and the pizza is always a great go to. If you are looking for something healthier- go for the Strawberry spinach and apple walnut are so so yummy! We have craving nights for this place.
1	I heard such great things about this restaurant... I was totally looking forward to it.. The building and interior decor is totally outdated.. but then again who cares. Its about the food anyways.. I ordered the TORTELLINI BROCCOLI ALFREDO..... So SO gross. Tasted like something cheap out of a can.. I am not a picky eater at all whatsoever... and this was nasty....
4	I use to always go here for banquets and the pizza and wings were always awesome! Including the ceased salad. The wings were spicy enough and the pizza is sooo cheesy. I go here about once a month.
5	This was my first time here and enjoyed the pizza and wings. There ranch dressing is very good. Also enjoyed the great customer service from the staff here at red devil
2	Management is incompetent. The place is full of old people and the furniture looks like its from the 1970's. My pizza was soggy. It did have a lot of toppings on it which I liked. The beer is dirt cheap. If you like cheap soggy pizza and you're with your grandpa I might recommend this place.
1	Awful service, awful food.Was here several weeks ago as part of a large group; I arrived partway through the meal and did not order anything, so can't speak for the food on that occasion (though it looked good), but the service was excellent. We had a male waiter who handled our giant group with ease and was very pleasant.This time, we had a girl serving us. I did not catch her name, but she was short, kinda squat and had darker hair. She seemed to have a bit of an attitude, and was nowhere to be found when we needed refills, dressing, or the check. Another server also delivered all our beer from the bar, so she must have really been pulling a vanishing act.As for the food... We had chicken alfredo and a pizza. The alfredo sauce was ridiculously salty and the noodles undercooked. The pizza was lukewarm when it arrived. The crust was insanely chewy to the point of making your jaw hurt. The only good thing about the meal was the ranch dressing.
4	This place has been a local spot for quite some time, and they definitely cater to the lunch crowd accepting takeout orders for pick up and speedy lunch service at the tables. My faves are the hot wings and the chicken Parmesan sub, they also have tasty fries and salads. The lunch specials are always worth checking out and they have a few TVs in case there are any sports on tv. The staff is friendly and the bathrooms are clean, all this makes it a great spot for lunch during the workweek.
