4	I'm a current resident at the Vineyards and thought I'd review my own community after living here for 2 years.  Overall, I am very very pleased with my purchase in the Napa area of the Vineyards.  I love the house and the neighborhood that has developed - the pool is also great, and the DR Horton staff are very friendly and very willing to help out, even after living here for 2 years.   My only complaint is that some of the amenities that were promised upon move-in have been slow to occur - but what community hasn't been hit by the housing decline?  This summer there seems to be a big push for new amenities, like the docks, the pool, and the sports complex - so I'm very much looking forward to the years ahead as more and more construction occurs.
3	I've heard there are big plans for this place. But it is still in its early days. Nice community, well kept grounds, and quiet. Your drive to the Vineyards makes you wonder if you are in the right place because you mostly see small homes and trailers, some are not taken care of. Then as you arrive at the Vineyards, the surroundings change and you find perfect landscaping, new homes, and neighborhoods that seem family ready. I was only a visitor here, but I think this would be a great place to live in a few years.
5	I've only been living at the Vineyards for a short-while now but here is my review.We'll just get it out of the way now...if you are snooty and have an issue with some folks living in mobile homes on the roads prior to getting into the Vineyards, then this is not the place for you.Having said that, this community rocks.  Great homes, one of the better builders in DR Horton, and direct lake access for owners.  They are also REALLY picking up production of homes here so I expect this to be a great community very soon.Regarding the house and builder, we absolutely LOVE our place.  DR Horton sales and project managers were very accommodating and worked very closely with us to make us happy buyers.  The house is well built and modern (modern as in creature comforts and efficiency).The community seems to have all family groups as well - active adults, families, etc.  We also love that Belmont is so close for quick shopping for a bite to eat but its very easy and quick getting to uptown as well.  15-20m on Wilkinson Blvd and you're there.  I work at the airport and its 5m away.  But the best part, the airplanes fly 5-7 miles away parallel with the community, not over it!  There is virtually NO airport noise here.  I walk outside at night and its probably the quietest place I've ever lived.We are anxious to see the activity courts (tennis, pickle ball, etc) and boat slips added to the community.  Hopefully this will happen soon.Do yourself a favor and check out the Vineyards if you're looking for a home.We are VERY happy with our decision to move there.
5	We've lived in the Vineyards for almost 4 years now and we have really enjoyed it. Now that the boat ramp and docks are currently being built and are scheduled to be ready for boating season this year, it will be even nicer.We were a little worried buying pretty early in the development, but there has never been much of a slow down in home building and our section of the community has filled right up. Sure the amenities are a bit behind the initial plan, but they continue moving forward as more homeowners move in.  Love the location being close to the airport (and airplane noise has never been an issue), close to Belmont for groceries and everything else, easy access to 85 and 485, easy commute Uptown, quiet community, but still easy to get to everywhere we like to go in Charlotte. i used to work in Huntersville and my commute was easy taking 485 up to 77, now i work in Belmont and it's now like a 5-minute drive.   If you like having to worry about taking care of your own yard, then i do not recommend living in Napa. For me, living in Napa and having the lawn care included in our HOA is ideal. Other pluses:-Small but functional fitness center with free weights.-Sweet slide at the pool. -Easy trip down Wilkinson to/from Uptown. Rarely gets backed up like other areas of Charlotte -Good neighbors-Lake Wylie
