4	i come here often, to buy supplies, but mostly use the print and copy department. there's was this one time i was running late for a work- meeting, and had to print from my usb and laminate the print. awesome quick and easy service, not to mention, cheap.  unfortunately, even running late, their computer couldn't read "pages" which is a mac program. luckily i had my macbook in my car, so i exported and resaved as pdf, and all went well. the girls that helped me were awesome. patient and quick as i needed them to be the most at that time. there are other visits when i'd be looking for an item, and at each perfect moment, someone would be there to assit me. friendly, they are doing their job.
3	There's a difference between service and selling. I rarely come here, but when I do it's always to print something. So, every time I come here it's either good service or good selling.... It's never both. I'm talking about how some of the workers here really know their stuff and sometimes they don't. But my purpose here isn't to degrade this spot, cus in the end of it all the job gets done. My last time I came here, I was making a special gift for my 2 year anniversary with my BF. And I needed to print out large prints of pics. The coolest thing was that they were able to make it the exact size I wanted. Plus the guy totally took his time with me (good service) and was very knowledgeable about his stuff. He even helped me save money by putting all my smaller prints on one whole sheet (good selling). So, I guess I got both service and selling that night. And plus they have HUGE paper cutter in-case you want to cut poster sized things.Also, there are plenty of copy machines lined up for your own use. Instead of having to wait for someone to do it for you. Plus they offer a selection of free colored paper to use if you need to.No matter what... This spot right here is my second home office.
4	Gonna give this place 4 stars based on customer service.  I bought a laptop on the day before Black Friday from Officemax.com, and I ended up finding a better deal from Amazon ON BF.  When I got the laptop, I tried to sell it on Craigslist to make a few bucks, but failed, so I just returned it to OfficeMax.Now their web site says 30 days return, but apparently in store it's 14 days.  They argued with me that they couldn't take it back except for store credit, which was a no go for me.  I had them talk to the store manager, and somehow they made it all work in the end.Barring any problems with the credit not hitting my credit card next week, I am pleased with how they handled it, even though I did have to lean on them a bit to make it work.
3	Need office supplies.They have it.I pay.Short lines, quick service.3 Stars.
4	Clean, quick and fairly priced for any office supply needs.
1	I came here to get 15 pages printed. The associate at the counter took my flash drive, but came right back with it and told me he'd do it in a second because one of the other employees was using the printer. That was fine until that "second" turned into 27 minutes (yes, I counted). For the first 15 minutes or so, I just looked at some nearby electronics in case he were to call me up. After that, I couldn't help but just stand right there at the counter waiting and giving him obviously annoyed glances. A man came up next to me that wanted some copies and the associate told him he'd have to wait, but the man explained they were just copies, so he apologized and made his copies right away. That actually irritated me even more because I NEVER got a single apology, not once. FINALLY, after 22 minutes the printer was free. Instead of informing me politely, the associate just went in front of me and stuck out his hand so I could give him my flash drive. I figured I'd be out of there in a couple minutes after that, but I was wrong. He ended up printing my papers ONE BY ONE, all 15 of them. That's where that extra 5 minutes came from. When I asked him why he couldn't do it all at once, he said they had a "weird system." Even after checkout, he still didn't apologize for the wait or the inconvenience.To top it all off, it wasn't until the next day when I was going through my prints that I realized he double printed two of the pages and completely left out three of the pages I needed printed. Verdict:Screw you Office Max on Charleston and your "weird system!"
3	I don't go to office supply stores much, but I needed some copies made and it was on my way home.  The copying process is fast and easy.  It's amazing how quickly you pick up using a copy machine again after spending a career working in public schools.  It just goes to show you I was taught by the best secretaries there are!!!Back to Office Max - as I said, getting copies made was quick and checkout was fairly easy.  I know it's the "most wonderful time of the year" -- back to school and I don't have to go back -- so there was some line but checkout wasn't painfiul.  This business rates its A-OK easily!
1	Lights on, No manager home,My first visit I was given a warm welcome by a gentleman with a trainee name tag.He was confident and friendly. This made it easy to purchase a new desk chair.He reviewed instructions for assembly. On a large display they also offered a service to assemble the desk chairs for $8.00 extra. I opted for the service.Provide 2 phone numbers and I was promised the job to be complete the next day by noon. I confirmed and went to pick the chair the next day at 6 pm it was not touched. I just finished a full day, frustrated  I requested the purchased to be credited to my account. A surly female supervisor with frosted hair came to make the transaction. Never an apology made. Just ,visa  has been credited. I know mistakes can happen,But attitude......scores 1 star in a recession.
4	Usually I don't receive too much service from the workers at Officemax... but today oh man!Came here to buy some sticky notes and saw some sharpies... at that moment ROMENIA spotted me out and decided to ask me if I needed sharpies. Of course I do... I have to draw Batman logos everywhere at work... and she instantly threw the crazy Sharpie deal they have at me (12pk for $1), help me buy sticky notes more price pointed to me, and even threw in 10 free folders. I didn't need 10 folders, 11 extra sharpies, or a stack of sticky notes... but because Romenia took the initiative to help me out, I bought more... for LESS. Give her a raise Officemax!
5	This is my new go-to place for business printing services. This review is only for the print/copy center.I've come here several times for a variety of different print/copy services and every time Jennifer has been outstanding! Super nice, very helpful and most importantly...FAST! You can send your print job via email, call her up and then you only need to make one trip in to pick up. I've printed a quick "emergency" need it fast banner - wow, great price, good quality!My sister's wedding invitations - she printed them and cut down to the size I wanted. They looked awesome!I will certainly be back for more print services. Look out current reigning "Duke"...I'm comin' for ya! :)
4	I usually go to Office Depot but Office Max has everything that Depot doesnt.  I can not complain!  They have great deals and will match a price if you ask.  I usually buy large quantities of copy paper and I always need help out, so the young men who work there are kind enough to unload my cart into my car.  The store is extremely clean and all the employers are very helpful.  If you ask them for anything they will kindly show you the exact place it is located and not just point to where it is. If for some reason they do not have the product, they look up all the stores to see which one does or they order it for you to be shipped to the store or your home/office.
4	Surprisingly helpful staff. Had questions regarding color printer cartridges and they were right on it and knowledgeable
3	I have gone to this Office Max a few times and have only found what I needed one time.If you are looking for something specific and trying to find somebody to help you find it good luck, it's kind of difficult to find a worker because they seem to hide in the front. This time we were going to look for a nook case and I went straight to the Nook Tablet area. I didn't locate any cases so I decided to try to find a worker to no avail. I then started exploring the store, and ended up finding the cases in the next aisle. They were expensive  and had been opened already I took a few minutes to find a worker. I finally found one and asked her if she had any more cases. She didn't even know that they had cases there so I showed her where they were and she laughed and said "Oh I didn't know we had them." She stated if they were on the floor that's the only stock they had.Normally I steer clear from this place, mainly bc I refuse to pay 10.99 for pens but sometimes you can find clearance items! I'm sure Ill randomly be back here, they do keep this store cold so itll be my go to spot to get out of the sun! JK!
3	Empty...in the middle of back to school? Cool. Found what I needed and was in and out within 10mins. Pricing is a bit higher than say staples but overall comparable. I'm not a fan of ppl asking for money outside for donations and getting my car flyer-ed in the parking lot.
1	Wouldn't shop OfficeMax ever again. I had a gift card to OfficeMax and decided to buy HP ink. When I got home and change the new ink cartilage bought from OfficeMax, printed few pages, all of a sudden, low ink. Really? I paid $17 for that ink even though I can go to Target right across OfficeMax and purchase for only $15. RIPOFF! No wonder no one buys anything at OfficeMax because everything is so expensive!
1	The customer service here is the worst. There usually isn't anyone around and when they are around they don't know what merchandise they carry or where to find it and they won't bother showing you the way or helping you find what you need. Last time I ever come to this location.
2	I called on a Sunday at about 6:15pm and a woman answered the phone in an annoyed  tone by saying "Office Max, we closed at 6:00 hello?" I'm pretty sure that's the most rude way she could've answered the phone. Either don't answer and let your recording with store hours handle that or act like you're interested in helping who's on the other end. I won't be going to that location. Learn some customer service skills!
5	After two FULL days of trying to print 150 wedding invites/reply cards with my dad, I came here. The paper I had to print on was half size so it was too small for my dad's printer and too thick for my own!  The spacing was ALWAYS OFF! It took the lady helping me 2 minutes to get everything right! She was polite, helpful, and REALLY efficient helping multiple people at once!  Way yo go Acacia!!! She deserves a raise.The whole thing cost me only $20 since I brought in my own paper :)
