4	I'm not usually a big fan of themed chain steakhouses.  After enjoying my first dinner here earlier this year I was pleasantly surprised.  We have been back several times over the last few months and have not been disappointed.The steaks are tasty, tender and always cooked to the requested temperature.The side dishes are good and the salads are fresh and chilled.They must have a good training department because the staff is consistently friendly and efficient.Try the prime rib on the weekends.  Good meal at a good price.
2	This is my third chance for this location.  First visit was very disappointing, (1 star) so we waited a couple of months to give them another chance, the food was better but the service was still amiss (2.5 Stars).  This time we seemed to have the same type of disappointment  we used to get at the Pineville Location that closed down over a year ago.For starters, we were seated toward the back of the restaurant, away from the the main dining area.  This is usually where the worst service occurs because it is out of the line of sight of the servers.  It took approx three minutes prior to a server approaching our table, and taking our drink order.  Since we were under a fan (circulating on high) we requested that the fan be turned off.  The staff quickly obliged, however they turned off the entire fans throughout the whole restaurant. I am not sure that this bothered me, however it may have effected others  as we were the only ones in our section.I requested a house salad, no tomatoes, no eggs, no onions, with EXTRA cheese, no dressing, and my wife had the same setup with Ranch dressing.  When we received our salads, neither salad had ANY cheese at all.  This was quickly addressed with the server, and she brought out two small cups of cheese (which we were charged $1.00).We looked at each other with what could be next, as we already started to have a bad experience. We proceeded to enjoy the salad, as it was fresh, and the plates were cold.  Now the steaks come out.  I ordered a 10oz Ribeye (medium), with fries, and my wife had the 6oz sirloin (medium )with a baked potato. My steak was cooked perfectly, the fries were hot and well seasoned.  I was quite happy.  My wife,  on the other hand now that is a different story.  Her steak appeared to be cooked perfectly, however it was well done, with no pink in the middle.  We quickly addressed this to our server and she asked if we would like another steak.  She promptly stated that we jut wanted to end this dining experience, as how hard can it be to cook a steak, if all you serve is steak.  A manager (Gary) promptly came over, we expressed our experience, and our previous disappointments at this location and he was generous enough to comp her meal.  The steak while overdone to her taste (not as ordered and as we like) was shown to the manager in front of the server and both agreed that this was not acceptable.  The explanation we received is that they had a new cook in the last week or so, and they were trying to improve the consistency to this location. I am all about second chances, but this location fails to be consistent, except in its ability to be inconsistent. Our server was very friendly, and after we were initially greeted by her, she did everything that she could possibly do.  The food being overcooked was not her fault.  In both cases, food runners brought the food out, and therefore she was unable to notice any problems that she may have been able to correct.I may be back to this location, but it will be months down the line.  This place is a hit and miss for us, but I must say that the management did step up, admit an error, and comped the meal which was not satisfactory.NCFoodGuy
4	been there at least twenty time and haven't had any service bad enough to remember.  Steaks are always cooked properly.  I get med rare, my wife gets well done which is a challenge for many places.  One of the managers always stops by to check if everything went well.Be sure to ask about their frequent diner card.
5	We ate here two Saturdays in a row and it was fantastic both times! Great service, fair pricing, and some of the best Filet Mignon I have ever had! There's usually a wait on weekends but it's so worth it!
4	This was my first time there. And yes. It was scrumptious. Even though I do love eating meat and steaks, I'm not so friendly with prices. I went there for a dinner and had a 12 oz. New York Strip. It was smothered which gave it definitely more flavor, and it was juicy.I liked the inside, it felt a little more intimate than I wanted. It was quite dark to me when I went inside, but it definitely had that Texas feeling about it. Other than that, the steak was good, the service was friendly, and the restaurant is a go to place for a nice steak.
3	Great rolls and bread!
4	Had a belly-filling meal here the other night.  Granted, I still remember going to the Pineville location (like many others), but this one is an exact clone.  Talking to our hostess/seating person, a lot of people from Pineville take the drive out here to get their Texas Roadhouse fix in.It was a pretty busy Friday night, but we got seated after about 10min of waiting.  I think it was pretty laughable that they have a "bull pen" area....  your number gets called up, you get paraded in front of a refrigerated case to pick a possible 16oz steak... and then stand and talk to the hostess for another minute in the bull pen area while they are cleaning off the table.  I guess it takes away the awkward standing and watching people bust their butts to clean the table for you.Fresh baked rolls with cinnamon butter are presented and promptly eaten.  There is a bucket of peanuts on the table that you can par-take in (as if there isn't enough food in this place).  This particular night, I went with the ribs and they fell off the bone, and were pretty tasty.  As my two sides, I chose the ceasar salad and baked potato.Ended up waddling out of the place due to two 20oz beers and all the food.  Looking back, I really over ordered... also got a "baby blossom" but I have not been that full in a long long time.  Our server was nice and friendly and we didn't have to wait long on the food at all.
3	Meh...just meh.  This is an Outback Steakhouse type of place.  Franchise steakhouses are pretty consistent and this one is the same.  It seems this place is strangely VERY popular.  The girlfriend and I arrived at 8:30pm on Friday to find the place with a 20 minute wait still.  This is Matthews, NC folks....that's just nutty.  Anyway, after a short wait we sat and I had the NY strip and she had the Dallas Filet.  I found my steak to be cooked to order (medium) and full of juicy goodness.  The Dallas Filet on the other hand left my better half a little disgruntled.  Apparently it was fatty which shouldn't happen on a Filet.  On top of that she wasn't a fan of the green beans that had a infusion of bacon in them.  Me, I'll take bacon in any form.  All in all the service was good, the food was average and I'd probably go back but it might be quite a while.
2	I really don't see why people wait for a table at this typical chain style restaurant.  It is loud with peanut shells all over the floor and serves  average to below par food.  The waitstaff seemed overly programmed and are more into turning the tables then getting to know the patrons. Honestly folks there are much better places to eat in Matthews that are locally owned and actually care about your business.
4	I was really surprised by everything here on Saturday night!This was my first time here, the in-laws decided to take us out. To be honest I wasn't totally excited about coming here, thinking it is just another "typical steakhouse". I was wrong.Service at the hostess stand was the definition of chaos. We had called ahead, gotten a number, then when we got there realized they had given someone else our number as well. So the other table was sat, and we had to wait. 5-10 min we were told, after 15, we went back up to the stand to ask when we would be seated. We got a confused look, and they just said, "Oh we will seat you right now!' Ok whatever, just get us seated and give me those rolls with cinnamon butter that I have heard so much about. Service was incredible, our waitress was very sweet, and we never had to ask for anything. I ordered the ribs, with chili and french fries. Ribs = A OK. Fall off the bone for sure. Fries, were fries. The chili on the other hand was great!!! Menu says its "house made Texas red chili", tasted home made for sure. Everyone else at the table was very happy with their steaks, all cooked as ordered. Overall great experience except for the little hiccup at the hostess stand. But that's what happens when you leave the entire front of the restaurant to be run by 16-17 years olds.
4	Had the chicken & ribs combo. Barbeque chicken breast was very moist and tasty. Ribs. Bit dry but tasty. Sides were tossed salad with the best croutons and cheese bacon fries which were good.  Server friendly and prompt.  Have been here many times. Steaks are awsome. Will not order ribs again.
4	I HATE this type restaurant, the theme restaurant, franchises, the all too cheery staff and it's far from being a fine restaurant. However they do some things very well and the price of a dinner is less than half at Ruth Cris. Nope, you're not going to impress your clients with an $8 potato here but if you come for the food ...Appetizers, they keep on throwing free appetizers at you. First time visit? it's on them and then they give you a coupon for another one. Register on the net and you get another free one.  The Margaritas are large, cheap and very good with none of that artificial ready mix taste. I'm not a Margarita guy my partner is and she approves.The chili is quite tasty, I liked it but should be renamed bean stew, it would be ridden out of Texas tar and feathered for it's lack of "chiliness" not a bit picante either.The ribs and fries were superb as an appetizer -just too much food- but the time I ordered them as a main dish they were a bit dry. We don't do fried things too well and their (huge) version of the blooming onion had too much batter. My partner figured out that we could pinch the batter and slurp out the onion out of it  and it was pretty sweet that way. Talking about sweet I would have never believed that I'd go for sweet buns and cinnamon butter, this is so uncouth! Once I tasted I couldn't stop eating it. Now I'm getting embarrassed, what next Nascar?J/K . . The meat: they have a choice of sizes but suffice to say that for under $20 you can order a full 16oz of very good prime rib or a killer 16oz black and blue rib-eye. I couldn't believe my ears when the waitress said "Black and blue? No problem." When the steak arrived it looked too charred but it tasted PERFECT. Which is more than I can say about the umpteen times I had company dinners dinner at Ruth Chris. On the budget side a thick cut smoked pork chop smothered in onions and mushrooms or a strangely excellent 1/2 roasted chicken (Pisco?) w/ 2 sides are under $10.Sides: both the Cesar and the regular salad won't win a medal at any Vegan contest but for a sports bar type of place they're better than average and the dressing is home made (no corn syrup). The baked potato and the sweet baked potato are perfectly ok (just sour cream and bacon for me, hold the marshmallow please!) . The veggies were crisp enough, the bake beans are very good but I don't get why they serve such a small bowl, it's not like they're expensive. Service is always very good unless they're caught in the middle of a rush, in which case I walk to Soma Indian Grill which shares the same parking lot. I never dine at a restaurant while it's being overwhelmed , theres no point. FYI the heavy rushes seem to be very short lived, just an hour sometimes less. So why the 4 stars for a restaurant I hate? A tasty dinner for under $10 or a great steak dinner for under $20. That will do it.
1	Now that I had first hand experience with some of the management I will not be going back. And in case anybody wonders I went to the management, they didn't come to me.
5	No question what I get when we go here. Steak. And sometimes accompanied with ribs. Great value for the price, as I always take enough home for a second meal. Service has never been anything less than good and quick. Occasionally, they try and up-sell, but not usually. Definitely will return.[I had to update the stars on this review after eating at another steakhouse. This was a much better cut of steak, thicker and more well marbled.]
4	O how I love to eat ribeye.  The juiciness in your mouth is so...wait, wait...I'm getting ahead of myself here.  Let's save the food for last!Texas Roadhouse, always a casual dining experience.  Want something to munch on while waiting on a table?  Go ahead and grab some peanuts!  I'm not a peanut kind of person, but if I was, I would enjoy that little detail.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere with some swanky decorations found around the place.  The country music playing in the background as well made me feel like a country girl inside.  The staff there is pleasant to serve you.  I have always walked in and been greeted with a smile from the hostess, even when it has been crazy busy and hectic in the waiting area.  A fact that I love about when the employees seat us is that they do not seem to judge me when ask for 2 cups of butter for my rolls that they grab when seating people.Okay okay...the good stuff now.  Food.  Let me start off in order.  The rolls are BOMB.  The employees always grab a basket of rolls when seating you, so you're sure to have something else to munch on while waiting for your server.  My favorite appetizer are the rattlesnake bites.  Jalapenos and cheese battered and fried!  You just can't go wrong with that.  I order a Cesar salad, standard.  Then my ribeye comes into view, looking succulent as always.  I drool as soon as I see that sexy piece of meat coming my way.  The first bite is delightful as always.  I would tots recommend this Texas Roadhouse location for a fun and casual dining experience in the Matthews area.  Yee-haw!  *tips hat*
1	This place needs to learn how to cook steaks.  I have been at Texas Roadhouse 3 times and twice the steak was so salty and wet I was unable to eat it.  Th 3rd time, I order a hamburger WITHOUT seasoning and it was again so salty I had to send it back.  Terrible food , , , stupid country music , , , terrible service,  Unable to see why people go there!
4	I've been to TR several times and can't believe I've never given them a review.I always love a place where you can get an ice-cold beer and munch on peanuts while you're waiting on your meal. Yeast rolls are also provided but I feel like eating bread before the meal tends to fill me up before the real food arrives.I've tried different meals here but the one that can't be beat is The Roadkill. It's basically a hamburger steak smothered with onions, mushrooms, and cheese. It might not seem fancy enough to you but this is one of the most tastiest pieces of meat I ever get at a restaurant. They season it perfectly. No need for steak sauce.I've tried the ribs (they're good-not great-still can't find great in Charlotte), pulled pork (I'd rather go to a real BBQ joint), steak (not bad at all), and chicken fried-steak (not a fan). Sides are always good. Favorites are loaded mashed-potatoes, steamed veggies, or the best: the loaded Sweet Potato. The only "bad" thing about the sweet potato is that it is more of a dessert than a part of the meal. Topped with seared marshmallows, brown sugar/cinnamon....oops....just drooled on my keyboard.  You get the picture.Where TR fails are their appetizers. Chicken fingers, potato skins, cheese-fries are all just very mediocre. Their version of the bloomin' onion is better at their competition's (*cough* OUTBACK *cough*). This particular location has "Twisted" fried mozzarrella sticks (one of the few nationwide, supposedly) and they are the best bet to get.  They have a nice selection of mixed-drinks but like all chain restaurants, they skimp on the alcohol and jack up the prices.Service is always great at this location. Lots of cute gals serving and they get up and line dance at various times. There's always a manager making the rounds to ask everyone if everything is alright. That should be a standard at all of these type of restaurants.Your pal,Walter
3	I've been here a few times and it's always OK. Met my daughter for dinner tonight. It was surprisingly crowded. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. Even though they'll let you order your steak medium, hamburgers are either medium well or well done. The burger had good flavor but not juicy at all (I guess that's the result of a medium well cooked burger). My daughter got the chicken fingers. It was a ton of food and had a nice crispy batter. The service was friendly but kind of slow except they were quick with the refills. I did like that! Overall not a bad experience.
3	Texas Roadhouse is your typical steak house. Tons of hungry families trying to get a decent meal that's cheap and tastes good. This location is very big, and was a bit crowded when we arrived. No complaints though, because it was a Friday night. The servers, while busy, were very attentive and we got our food fairly quick. I have to say I love the rolls and the butter that comes with them YUM!My boyfriend and I both got Ribeye Steaks,  medium. They were cooked they way we like them, but there was just way to much salt. While the steaks were juicy, we couldn't help but notice the overpowering salt flavor. Normally previous Texas Roadhouse experiences have been alright, but this time my boyfriend got a rock in his salad, how does that happen? The good thing is he didn't chip or break any teeth biting down on it. The manager on duty, Sarah, was very understand and gave him his meal for free, the situation was handled well. Overall our experience was ok, nothing that will keep us from coming in, or not coming again.
2	I was hesitant to try Texas Roadhouse. I'm not usually down for chain steakhouses or any chain restaurants for that matter, but I thought I'd give it a chance since my mom and brother had been talking about their steaks. Chains are supposed to be known for their consistency, right? It can't be that bad? Unfortunately I wasn't impressedI could elaborate on how all of the steaks were not cooked to order and mine even came out moo-ing, but what's the point? I gave it a chance, the food was inconsistent. Nothing was out of this world, but I did taste a piece of my mom's filet (we ordered the same thing same temp), and it was very good and tender. My brother wasn't happy with his steak either, but I honestly didn't expect anything better.
2	My boyfriend had a craving for steak and we were in the area so he decided to drag me here. We walked in and were ignored until one of the host pushed another girl to greet us. For people who had "I Heart My Job" shirts on, they sure were unpleasant. We had no idea if she just drop us off at the table and went back to moping in the front, or if she actually notified someone of our presence. Our server was nice, and the food was alright. The manager gave us a complimentary bag of peanuts even though we asked to have our peanut bucket taken off the table, but whatevs. I guess it's the thought that counts. All in all, meh. They get a thumbs down.
3	I reached corporate back then and they were responsive to my whistle blowing. So I'm revisiting and adjusting the rating once more - which I should have done it earlier
2	Just your average streak place. My parents eat here a bunch and they bring me along when i visit them. They only get 2 stars cause in a state like North Carolina if you only serve mass produced beers your doing something wrong.
1	We have been to almost every TRH in the US. And this place just simply gets a 2 star rating. I walked in and gave the hostess my info, she told me to stand to the side and she will get a table for us. There must have been about 20 people behind me and she began to send people to be seated (did she completely forget me??) NO!!!! I was right in front !!!! She sat 6 tables from groups of 2/ 3/ 6. My husband came in from parking the car and asked me what was going on??? He jumped in and asked her what's the prob. We got seated immediately ?????? When we where walked to our booth I was expecting the usual greeting ( Hi!! Have you been here before). Nope that didn't happen. Our waitress was pleasant, but overwhelmed. Food was good, but hospitality could use some improvement. I don't think will be visiting this location again. The front staff NEEDS more training!!!! There attitude and arrogance don't help either.
3	I don't see the big deal about this place, I really don't.I frequently go to the Zx Gym multiple times a week, and every time I pass this restaurant the parking lot is crazy full. The last time we visited, it was extremely crowded, messy with peanuts everywhere, and the waitress was rude.The food hasn't been disappointing though. I love their bread and butter.
4	I know, I know, hate on the chain boooooo.  But for what it is, I had a delightful afternoon (old people dinner time of 4:45 pm) with my folks, with decent food and a tremendously sweet attentive server who took my dad's playful harassment with a smile.  It's not the best anything that I have ever eaten, but my order of a 10 oz prime rib ($15) with two sides was a solid meal, perfectly cooked, that hit the spot.  As with most steak places, the house salad (one of my two sides) was served in a chilled bowl with fresh ingredients.  The bleu cheese dressing was delicious.  The prime rib was a medium temp as ordered, served with a tasty au jus, with not a ton of fat on it.  Well flavored.  The sweet potato side was huge, fluffy on the inside, served with butter, brown sugar and cinnamon.  And the rolls, ohhhh the rolls.  With or without the cinnamon sugar butter, they are delicious.Our drinks were kept filled and our server, Haley, was amazing.  Cute as a button and just as friendly and good-natured as she could be.  My dad playfully aggravates the shit out of waitresses and she was adorable, took everything with a smile and made sure everything we had was as perfect as could be.  We breezed in early with no wait at all, but as we were leaving around 6:00 pm, the Friday night crowd was rolling in and a wait had started.  Great meal and I would gladly drive my folks over here any time they want so they can buy me dinner.
4	Round #2 at the Roadhouse and still... surprisingly... 4 stars.Telling my mother I wanted to take her and dad out for their 47th anniversary (47 years!), instead of the nicer places that I rattled off, she picked Roadhouse (she must think I am one pricey dinner away from living in my 4runner, she won't let me spend any money on them).  So at 4:45 on a Saturday, we hit the silver fox crowd at the Roadhouse.No wait when we arrived, since most people are still digesting lunch, Haley's section wasn't available (the great waitress from our previous visit), so we were sat in Joey's section - and we hit the server lottery again - he was fantastic.  Drinks stayed filled; he had suggestions for my diabetic, salt-sensitive, picky eater dad; attentive without hovering - he was top notch.  And I say this with a straight face, and it pains me mucho, but my order of the 20 oz. bone-in ribeye may have been one of the tastiest steaks that I have had in years (this goes up against steaks from Firebirds, Ruth's Chris, Capital Grille, etc.).  (I know!)  It was juicy, cooked to an absolute perfect medium and not overly seasoned as the mid-range steak places tend to do.  The accompanying baked potato was fluffy and jammed with butter, sour cream, BACON and cheddar (one of my last meals before starting Weight Watchers, I wanted to make it count).  The onions that I got as a side needed to be cooked a little longer for my taste, but they were okay.  The salad that came before everything was served in a chilled bowl with fresh ingredients.  And the rolls were warm and soft, served with their cinnamon sugar whipped butter.Mom was happy with her ribeye (even though she thought she ordered a prime rib) and dad was satisfied with his salmon, but I think I got the top meal of the night.  Excellent service, surprisingly good food - good job, Roadhouse!
2	And down we go. The quality of the food has gone way down, the last few of times I had dinner were complete letdowns. One rib-eye was so salty I had to send it back ("Golly gee Mr,  that's the 3rd customer who said that tonight!") the next one was tough as leather, I gave up -my dogs enjoyed it together with the potato and rolls.The Caesar salads had no dressing (twice), the roasted 1/2 chicken was still all pumped up, barely roasted enough to be eaten. The prime rib was a bit tough and mainly boring. The corn was not on the cob, looked like frozen and the bacon on the potato tasted totally artificial. I still like their Margaritas with an extra shot but I got nothing good to say about the food. The reason I gave it 2 stars rather than 1 is that service is always very good and it's cheap.
3	First off let me start by saying, that the food is terrific!!! There is no doubt about that. The steak is always cooked exactly how it is ordered, and the chicken is nice and juicy. Not to mention, I would probably come here just for the bread and cinnamon butter if I could. LOL. If it wasn't for the poor service I would definitely have given this place a 5 Star rating. The hostesses are extremely rude when you first arrive. As a matter of fact the first time I came to Texas Roadhouse I almost left because they acted as if they could not be bothered by me. I went again last night for dinner, and the hostess gave us our number, and then told us it would show up on the board when our table was ready.. my stepmom and I went and found a seat directly in front of the board and literally watched it like a hawk (because of our extreme hunger) and our number never showed up. After about 45mins, we went up to the host station where the hostess rudely told us that she called our number on the loud speaker even if it didn't show up on the board. . . First of all this would not be such an issue if we were not sitting directly in front of the hostess station the entire time, and if the restaurant was not so loud because then you would be able to actually hear what is or is not being said over the microphone. So after that mix up the hostess tells us there is a table available if we would like, we are then escorted to a table in the bar (which is first come first serve regardless).  Needless to say that put a sour taste in my mouth. When you come here expect good food, and ok service. Our actual waitress was great, but the hostesses are the face of the restaurant and should really be aware of how they treat customers.
2	Surprisingly last night was my first visit to the old roadhouse.  I drive past it almost daily and there always seems to be a packed parking lot so I was always wondering about the hype surrounding this place.  I was told you get served a bucket of peanuts and that the environment was laid back, casual and fun.The peanuts were true and the environment was indeed casual and laid back.  However, the food was just sub par in my opinion.  I mean they are a steakhouse but yet they offer mostly bar food so I don't think they did either exceptionally well.  You could apparently pick your steak from the display case by the entrance if you wanted but even that didn't cut it for me.  Oddly enough I chose to go with the Shrimp platter.  It was grilled shrimp on skewers that came with a lemon/butter dipping sauce.  It also came with three sides so I was stoked!  I chose the cup of chili, the sweet potato and the fresh veggies.Shrimp:  Came out cold and was not grilled--it was pan seared and fishy.  The lemon/butter dipping sauce smelled and tasted like puke.Cup of Chili:  Wendy's has a better chili.  This looked and tasted like the kind of chili you open from a can and put on your hotdog.  It was not good, not fresh and not hearty at all.Side of Veggies:  It was just broccoli stuffed into a little cup with a few carrots mixed in.  The broccoli wasn't seasoned and it was cold, not cooked through and gross.Sweet Potato:  Pretty hard to mess this up and it was quite good.  It was a baked sweet potato and it came with a side of cinammon, marshmallow gooey goodness.  It was good.The buns that were served prior to dinner were a bleek attempt to replicate what O'Charley's used to offer.  They were basically frozen pieces of bread, thawed and drizzed with honey.  Some may say they were good but I was not interested.Others at my table ordered chicken fried steak, salads, steaks, burgers, etc.  Some things looked okay others didn't seem edible.  The portions were huge and everything just seemed to be stewing in lard.  Bleh.Another annoying part of this meal was that 4 times throughout the night one of the waitresses screamed at the top of their lungs to announce a birthday.  It was super annoying and continuously interrupted our meal.  I guess this is the place for that type of drama but I wasn't prepared for it and I didn't enjoy it.  I wouldn't come back here.
3	One word of warning: This place can get absolutely packed, and the area of the parking lot it is in can make it tough to find a spot unless you want to trudge a bit, so plan ahead.Once you're in, you are promptly greeted by a massive barrel of peanuts. Yes, a barrel of peanuts. After that, you will see a hostess stand, and if you get there at an off-time (there are a couple), you may be seated promptly, so grab a handful of peanuts and head to your seat - the buckets on the tables are often empty, or close to it. Otherwise, grab a handful of peanuts and be prepared to wait - potentially for a while.Whenever you are actually seated, they stroll you past a case displaying steak where you can allegedly order a particular cut, which is a nice, fancy steakhouse touch. The problem is that even if you go here regularly, you probably have no idea that you want to do this, as most people like to at least sit down and get an idea for what else is on the menu first. Maybe re-ordering this step would be a nice idea, to after you have a chance to look over the menu? Or bring a few cuts by the table? I don't know - it would just be nice not to do it as everyone is walking by en masse.Anyway, the staff is generally attentive, except for the bit every half hour or so where you get a line dance in the middle of the floor. Or when they are singing happy birthday to someone on a saddle. Or just not paying attention as you try and get a drink.If you do get them to come by, they are really friendly, it's just getting that attention that can be difficult, so make sure when you do get a server to stop, you are ready to ask for drinks, ask questions about the menu, place your orders for appetizers, entrees, desserts, ask for extra napkins, have them bring some more peanuts and deliver the check on their way back (make sure you have your payment method ready when they come back, too).In the midst of all that, and if you haven't filled up on all the peanuts, the food is decent, for a mid-level steakhouse chain.
4	Friday after "Snowmaggedon 2014," which happens to be Valentine's Day, we opted for a dinner that's easy on the budget and low on the romance factor. As expected there was a crowd by the front waiting for their tables, it's a dinner nightmare trifactor (a Friday night after 3 days of snow prison AND a special occassion for some). I didn't really care since I was highly occupied by the barrel of peanuts sitting right by the doors. As I was throwing peanut shells on the ground (sidenote: I always feel guilty doing that... I mean, they are such messes and someone has to clean that up at some point), I asked about the bar. Since I wasn't there to stare into my lover's eyes (ya, definitely no), I would be happy just to sit down anywhere. And lo and behold, 2 empty bar stools at the end! The 3 ladies working behind the bar were just friendly enough and efficient. Since all 3 of them were available to serve, we didn't have to wait long to get drinks or food. The most impressive part was when one of them found out we haven't been to the eatery before, she brought out 4 little samplers of side items for us to taste. That was very thoughtful. All the sides were good but the mashed tater was the best. The chili was solid and filling. Green beans aren't for the vegeterian/vegan folks as they were immersed in bacon goodness. The corn was... just corn. Oh ya, the soft rolls with cinnamon brown sugar butter. I started with the house frozen margarita with an extra shot of tequila for $8, which isn't bad for the amount of drink I got. Brain freeze anyone?!  I also ordered a 10 oz ribeye, which was cooked to perfect medium rare with just enough seasoning. I ended up with the baked sweet potato which made good leftover to go. Filet was solid as well. The food is no thrill but good. What we spent on a meal for two would barely pay for a steak for one at a fancy place, which normally is my biggest beef (steakhouse... beef... got it?!) about eating steaks when out. If I can get a solid slab of meat for $10, it's hard to justify 3-4 times of markup. The menu prices are very reasonable here, I can see why it's popular with families.Overall excellent visit. I even got a small das boot (hmm... das cowboy boots, a cross between Texas and Germany) for $5, and that was my romantic V-Day gift to cap off the ultra non romantic night out.
4	I have been to this particular Texas Roadhouse 3 times and have never been disappointed. Last night, 5/3/14, I ordered the ribeye steak and ribs, with mashed potatoes and corn as sides. The steak was cooked medium well as ordered, well seasoned and tender. The ribs were tender and came off the bone easily. Not to crazy about BBQ sauce on the ribs, but I'm not a sauce person. The sides were also delicious. Our waitress was very nice and gave very good service. The pre dinner rolls were warm and light, and came with delicious cinnamon butter. We also ordered a onion blossom which was ok, but not as good as Outback steakhouses'.
2	The food was ok. My husbands salad had a small bug. Probably because of the leaves. He didn't say anything but didn't finish. His steak was medium rare and he asked for medium, my steak was well done which I love but it was too dry. "Longhorn" still the best. The hostess was very friendly but may not be back.
5	They are the best!!! My husband took me for my birthday. It was my first time in NC. We waited a little,picked out our steaks and the waitress offered free sides we never had. The steak was cooked and flavored perfectly.  The manager was really nice and gave us a bag of their peanuts(I gave to my brother) and a membership card to sign everytime we come. I will be going back soon.
5	Sat at the bar. Molly is awesome. Very service forward.  Food was very good Prime Rib mashed potatoes and a salad.   Place is packed.   Will be back.
1	The only thing good about this place was the Sam Adams beer. We tried this place a year ago with less than satisfying results. We tried it again, hoping for a better dinner this time.  We had the Road Kill done medium. It came out more than well done. The manager came over and comped our dinners (less the beer) as we didn't have time to start over. By the way...it took 20 minutes to get our entre and they weren't that busy.I won't give them a third chance.
5	We have been here 4 times in the last few months.  Each time the food and service are great and the prices are reasonable.  We have tried various things on the menu, appetizers, salads and steaks.  Everything has been really good.  They consistently refill drinks, clear dirty plates and are friendly and welcoming.  We will continue to visit Texas Roadhouse!
5	You can go wrong with pork-chops but when you have the chefs at Texas Roadhouse make them for you, its all smooth sailing down to the stomach:) Excellent place.. highly recommended. .
4	I've been here a few times now and it is always consistent. Yes, it is a chain but the atmosphere gives you a feeling of uniqueness-almost like you are out of town.  Servers wear shirts that say, "I love my job" and it is easy to believe with the friendliness and aim to please attitude.  I must say, I don't get that vibe from the hostesses though.Food is always excellent!!  Oddly enough I always get the veggie plate at a steak joint!  But always fresh and delicious. My Husband & Father love the ribs-they smell intoxicating.  Mozzarella sticks are by far my favorite over any other restaurant.  Peanuts on every table are always a plus.  Family favorite!!
