5	Great prices! Great groomers! And a stress free environment! Your 4 legged friend is in great hands here!
5	I have a westie that was previously butchered by a groomer.  Elite paw spa made him look great.  The elite package is a super deal! Great people.
5	Neighborhood Pet Spa with large clean environment for pampering your pooch.  Friendly staff with accomodating schedule. Priced competitively with other quality groomers.  Staff was friendly and did a great job with our Briard.  Will repeat.
5	Great business and easy to talk to groomers.  They listen and do what you ask, not what they think you asked for!   The cageless grooming is awesome and so is the doggy day care.  I will definitely be back!
5	Very good experience. The groomers were so friendly and overall had a very good feeling about this place. My dog was wagging his little tail the whole time.
5	This place it great a little on the expensive side but they did the best job out of any pet groomers we have taken your dogs to. I love that they have an open area for the dog to hangout and play together rather then putting them in a create in the back. I would recommend them to anyone!!
5	I brought a groupon and took my boston terrier here. I had almost just given up on going to the groomer's seeing how i had so many bad experiences in the past with my dog. The groupon was such a good deal i decided to give them a shot....Which I am glad I did. I got a 8am appointment on a Saturday. When I walked in the lady came and greet my dog and I, she socialized with him while I answered basic questions about him and his needs. When I went to leave he wasn't panic at all (which he usually is) due to the extra effort the girl had put in with him. I came back a hour and half later , He was all ready ,his nails were done right ,his ears and his coat was all shiny. He enjoyed being there so much he didn't want to leave. The cage free grooming is awesome cause he gets a chance to pay and wonder around. They also have potty pads so he isn't holding his pee pee while sitting in a prison cell. If they did human grooming, I would go there my self. I will be taking my dog back very soon . This is my new grooming place! :)
5	They were wonderful with my dogs :) I worked in a grooming salon for about 3 years and didn't like how the owner treated the animals so I quit. I have been weary about where to take my yorkie and shih tzu and have defiently found a place I will keep going to. Thanks ladies!
5	Bought a Groupon and decided to check this place out and give it a shot. I usually take my dog to Petsmart and have not been satisfied and always spend $50 to $60 for a 20lb dog.  Upon entering the shop I was greeted by two very nice ladies. The shop was also very cute and I felt comfortable there. My cavalier was groomed better then he had ever been groomed. His tail was wagging when I picked him up and he looked great! If you are looking for a good place to have your pet groomed that is affordable, detail oriented, thorough,clean, and friendly then take your pet here! Will definitely be back!
5	This groomer is awsome. I bring my 3 dogs there. I love the doggy day care my dogs get to socialize and play is a safe supervised enviroment.
5	We  had our 16 year old Golden groomed in their mobile unit. Kelli was so gentle with him. She spent three hours making him look so handsome. Our dog is blind and very old but she did a great job making him comfortable. He has never looked better!
5	My dog is my baby.  I'm very, very particular about people taking care of my dog.  It's not that I'm picky about the cut or anything, I just don't like my dog to be caged up for hours, or pay extra so that he doesn't have to do that.The paw spa was very clean, everyone was really nice, and the dogs look happy to just be let loose running around the store with the other dogs.  They are all kept behind a secure gate.  They actually did do a very good job on my dog too.  I will be using paw spa from now on.
5	Great experience every time we go... They get us in sameday, every time! Thank you!
5	I have a mean/scared little dog with a short coat, and a big dopey Aussie mix with a longer coat.  I brought them in at different times on the same day.  The Aussie's backside was all matted and out of control, and the gentleman who was there on the Sunday I came in told me that he'd probably have to be shaved back there.  That was fine by me.  They brought him behind the gate and he was happy to socialize with the other dogs that were already there.When I brought my little House Monster in, I warned the groomers that she's unpredictable and could be mean to smaller animals.  The female groomer introduced herself to my scaredy dog, and spent several minutes warming her up before I left her there.  At my advisement, they kept House Monster separate from the other dogs so she wouldn't do anything naughty.  At the time I dropped her off, I found out that they had taken the time to completely brush the mats out of my Aussie's butt and he looked fantastic.When I came and collected the pair a couple of hours later, they were both clean with neatly trimmed nails, they smelled amazing, and they seemed to have been treated quite well.  I'm definitely going back.
5	I've been taking my Pomeranian here for about over a year now, and couldn't be more happy with the end results every time! No matter who gives him his haircut, it always comes out amazing! Their prices are great, and the staff is super nice! Family owned which is another great factor. Plus I love when I pick up or drop off my dog I get to see all the other dogs playing rather them be put in a cage. I will for sure recommend this place to anyone!
5	We recently moved to Mesa from the Chicago area.  I have 3 small dogs (mini-schnauzer, shorkie, yorkie) and they are my babies!  We had an AWESOME groomer that has cared for all 3 of them since they were babies so I was really worried about finding a comparable groomer here in AZ.  Based on research and reviews I decided to try the Elite Pet Spa, mostly because of the "free range" policy which is the same as their previous groomer. I was NOT disappointed, the staff are so friendly and helpful and were happy to listen to all of my instructions and requests and fulfill them with a smile.  They even recommended a local vet so that I could get their shots updated here.  We will definitely continue to use Elite Pet Spa!
5	I love, love, love this place!  I've been taking my Old English Sheepdog there for about a year now and despite being kicked out of other grooming salons, she loves to go there.  Today I took my 7 month old labradoodle puppy in for his very first haircut and he came out just gorgeous.  The atmosphere is so calm and relaxing the dogs enjoy their day at the spa.
1	I took my dogs in to the Elite Paw Spa while trying to find a good groomer.  I was very disappointed with their lack of communication.  I left my dog knowing he needed to be shaved from his hair being matted due to sweater weather in the winter, but I asked them to only trim his ears.  The girl wrote it on the paper even.  When my dog was done he no longer had the long ears that his breed should have.  They were shaved down to the skin.  After calling the store to let them know that they should have commented to me any variation of what was discussed for the grooming, I was told the owner would call me and clear it up.  I have never heard from the owner.  Apparently communication is an issue there.  It has now been 3 months since I took him there and he now has 1/2" of hair on his ears that should be long haired. I suspect it will take a full year for him to get back to normal.  You can't fix that.  I would never trust a pet to this establishment again.
5	We take our Bulldog, Chuck, here for grooming and nail clipping, have been for many months now.  They always do a great job.  He smells great.  Nails are done right.  No complaints whatsoever!When it is time to take him, we ask him, "Do you want to see your friends?"  and he knows exactly where he is going.  He starts wagging like crazy and searching for the person with a leash.  He reacts better for this than, "Do you want to go for a walk?"  And he loves walks.He stays for a couple hours, so it even gives us a little time to do some of the things he makes it difficult to accomplish.Everytime we pick him up, they tell us that he had a blast and it shows.  He is exhausted for the rest of the day, playing hard.
5	They did a great job on my 3 pets! They were able to play & exercise while they were being groomed. They smelled great when I picked them up!
5	Rarely do you see a service business with all 5 star reviews. Our Newfoundland is about 9 years old and does not particularly enjoy going to the groomer. We went through many mobile groomers that simply just didn't come back before we were finally told she's a biter when her legs or rear are getting worked on. We never knew this about her. We explained to the owner about her history, and she told us it would not be a problem. We have taken her there now several times and she always turns out great and we don't get any bad reports other than sometimes she doesn't get trimmed down to the toes, she had just had enough.. and we understand... I've tried and she is stubborn!I'm getting ready to take her in again and thought I would just take a quick peek at Yelp to see what other people thought, and I am very pleased!We are also glad to give a 5 star rating!Keep up the good work!
5	We couldn't be more pleased with the bath and de-shedding that was done on our elderly German Shepherd, Brody. He is almost 12 years old and has back issues, so he can't stand for long periods at a time. The groomers took their time and gave him plenty of breaks and he was still done and ready to go home in only 2 1/2 hours! Their prices are very reasonable. The staff was extremely friendly and caring and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone!
5	I bring both my dogs to get a wash and sometimes just to play with the other dogs! The service is great the team treats both of my dogs very well and they are always happy to see them. Prices are great! I'm  happy with the wash and wouldn't want to go to another pet spa!
2	After reading all the wonderful reviews for this dog groomer, I called to get pricing information. I have 2 small yorkies and was quoted $35.00 each and the first time they would have their toenails clipped free. I made the appointment and took them in. My husband then went a couple of hours later and picked them up. He was charged $90.00...not $70.00 as I was quoted. When I called to find out why I had been misled, the lady had no idea who or why I was misquoted. Wow, Really! The reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because they did a good job as far as grooming went.  Just one other complaint; their listed as "mobile pet groomers" on yelp but they are a brick and mortar building....again misleading.
4	I've only been here once so far, but location for me is great. Price is average compared to other groomers I have been to. Service was good and the time was also average. The one thing that made me nervous at first was that they have an open environment where the dogs are put before/after grooming while they wait. My dog didn't have any problems but you never know in those situations so it just worried me a bit. If your dog isn't good around other dogs I would suggest asking them kenneled.
4	Great business! I've been here twice before and everyone was so friendly and the did a great job grooming, except they didn't ask if I wanted my boy's ears trimmed (they left a little bald spot). Other than that he looked great and was happy. Then, I went to drop him off for daycare, as I am post surgery and need to rest but he needs play time. The girl who greeted me seemed a little snippy or frustrated. Maybe she was having a bad day? I, of all people, understand what it's like to have bad days. It just stinks that most judgements of a business are formed during the initial greeting and/or interaction with the employees. Overall, this business is A+ and I will continue to definitely give it my business, as well as refer others!
5	Fabulous experience today with my dog Rebel. He typically dislikes having his nails done at the big name pet stores. Thought I would try a salon for him. He loved it. He got to play with the other dogs while waiting. He looked fabulous when I picked him up. He got the full treatment. Will definitely be back. I really like the play area for dogs. Wish I could give 10 stars.
5	Been here twice ad the service is exceptional. I have been to several groomers that are less expensive but I have found you get what you pay for when it comes to pet grooming. The staff is always courteous and patient and our dog always looks great afterward. Happy customer.
