1	If I could break my lease right now I would. This property that we have moved into was a good little property with zero to little upgrades. So far the sewage line underneath the home has been noted and is faulty. Raul, the property manager has chased everyone he's sent over here to fix the issue and has swept this under the rug. Also, the hot water heater has busted and ruined some of our expensive Christmas ornaments, desk, and a dvd/vcr combo that was stored in the garage. The whole day yesterday our family had to go without water in our home. We had to call into work which neither one of us rarely ever do (emergencies only). If you want constant headaches and poor response times to your needs then go with 048 Realty. truthfully the worst management I have ever witnessed. I could manage a full on new construction of a Hilton hotel better than this guy handled that hot water heater issue yesterday.
1	Horrible management company. I could go on and on about the problems, but to sum it up they don't care. Major problems with the house and you don't hear back from them. When we signed the lease they provided the wrong keys and were closed for the weekend. Their reply was literally "its not our fault, the keys must have changed." Poor maintenance time to get things fixed to the point where you really have to threaten them with legal steps to get them to move. Ginger is very friendly, but Andie is unbelievable. Don't trust a "professional" business that uses a mix of yahoo and gmail e-mail accounts. Never again.
1	I can't begin to tell you how absolutely terrible this company is. I am renting a house from them and it was in absolutely deplorable condition upon move-in. Just some of the issues that were encountered in the first week: Pest infestation, A/C not functioning (three times in nine months), the stove leaked gas (could have killed us), the house was filthy (including black toilets, caked on dust everywhere, dead bugs, etc), all light bulbs were burnt out, refrigerator broken, dishwasher missing parts, toilets constantly ran, etc.If 048 simply apologized for the oversight and took care of the issues, while frustrating, we would have just let it be water under the bridge. Firstly, they would not even answer our emails or take our calls. If you do reach them, they take the attitude that nothing is their fault. In order to get anything done, it requires legal threats. When our water heater burst on a Saturday, we called the 'emergency line' and just got a voice mail with no response. This meant we had to be without hot water for 72 hours. Now we are currently in the process of acquiring legal counsel to get out of the lease.If you are considering doing any business with these people, save yourself thousands in legal fees, hotel nights (from inhospitable conditions), and headaches...stay away!!
1	A joke of a management company. We hired them to rent a property for us. They rented our house to a lady with a history of eviction, conviction and bankruptcy without consulting us. The application was not submitted to us until the lady moved in and we had no choice. These crooks cost us time, money and headaches beyond belief. Raul was the person we were working with and I want the world to know about the shady, untranslatable business he and this company run. The lady ended up bringing other people to live with her a total of 8 people. They have  broke our houses's windows doors and trashed everything. They have further stopped paying rent! They have already been served with a 5 day notice from our attorney.ALL B/C Raul and his partners wanted to make a quick cash. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY, FAR AWAY. There are so many other management companies that offer great customer service.
