4	I'm off to Elle Nails in a minute...Fair prices, clean facility, nice staff.  One thing I really like about this place is the openness - the shop is double sized, which decreases the wait time and also tames the ubiquitous chemical smell - while the smell is present, it's really mild.Even my good friend from St. Paul who frequents only tony "upscale" nail boutiques was impressed.  For an extra $5 they will use a callous remover solution on your heels - well worth it if you get the hard, cracked, heels like I have.  They also have a mango-sugar leg rub for an extra fee, but I think the regular treatment works just as well. Many of the technicians speak little or no English, so don't expect to make complicated requests.
1	You get what you pay for. I may as well have let my kids paint my toenails. Not to mention the tech was rough and cut/pinched several of my toes during my pedicure.   Not impressed. I definitely won't be back.
2	I went here because my normal salon was booked and I really wanted to like it. The salon is rather large and had nice pedicure chairs. My spa pedicure turned out great. The gal did a nice job and im happy with my pretty pink toesies! My gel manicure, however, has left me debating if I should go somewhere else to get it fixed. (See photo) I asked for grey and the color is more brown. I also asked the gal not to use an electric nail drill to get my old polish off and soak instead but she did it anyway. My polish is uneven and she didn't get the sides very well. They are also filed uneven. I tried to say something but she didn't speak english very well, so I gave up. Super bummed i'm stuck with these for 2 weeks unless I want to go somewhere else and pay.The price was good - 25 for the pedi and only 20 for the mani and the massage was great, but I certainly wont be back any time soon.
3	I have been taking my friend who is 91, with Alzheimers,  to this nail salon for years.  It's larger than it looks from the outside.  I don't think they are as sophisticated as some but  that's ok.  What I do appreciate is the way they take the time to continue making it a good experience for my friend.  Maybe I tip them to much.  As long as they continue the service, I will pay.
2	They usually do a pretty good job on my nails but they don't like it when I bring my kids in.Every time I bring my 8 year old daughter in there to get a pedicure with me, they put us about 3-4 chairs a part!! The whole point in going to get a pedicure with my daughter is to spend quality time with her, hold hands, talk about her friends and boys she likes, etc...Not have to scream to a chair in the distance.  They act like they are mad when I ask for us to be together and it is such a bother.Also, the male owner always insists on doing my nails and he is so rough with me and actually gets on to me if my hand isn't loose enough. I keep telling him I have problems with my wrist and it hurts and he is still super rough!!I only go there when I have to because of convience!!
2	I was in a wedding and needed to get my nails done, so the bride and everybody chose this place, probably because they were cheaper. But, depending on the service I got, I'd much rather pay a few extra dollars. The area was kind of ghetto, and the spa itself wasn't very clean or welcoming. They were so understaffed/mismanaged that when I went in, I was greeted by a man who was already working on someone else's nails; he couldn't be bothered to get up and check the schedule or anything. The lady who ended up doing my pedicure was nice, but then the one who ended up doing my nails wasn't very friendly, even though I tried to make small talk with her. Their magazine choices were also limited to OK and People, so if you don't care for celebrity gossip you're screwed. Overall the service and location were subpar, and the prices weren't all that great, so I will probably not be going back.
4	I have had my nails done here for years.  Recently, I went to Elle with my daughter and two of her bridesmaids for gel manicures and pedicures.  All our nails ended up looking lovely, and the salon was very accommodating in staying open past normal closing time to make sure we were all finished properly.There were some communication issues, and I was cut by the inexperienced tech, but otherwise it was a great experience and we will definitely be continuing our business here.  Their prices are reasonable, the salon is very clean, the massage time is extra long, and they offer many types of special details if you like flowers or designs on your toes.
4	I've been coming to Elle Nails for some time now. This salon has a variety of services including but not limited to waxing and nails. I usually go with the mani/pedi bundle and usually pay around 35$. The ladies here take their time and make sure you are comfortable. They have the typical up-charges like sea salt scrub, callus removal etc... The basic spa pedicure is 20$ this includes an awesome  foot massage and your typical spa pedicure. I usually ask who's ever working on my toes to go a little harder on my foot/leg massage and they have no problem doing so. You can also get a back massage while getting a manicure. They have the massage chairs for the pedicure stations so you don't have to worry about that. The ladies that work here are always super friendly and make conversation when I'm visiting. I'm a fan of this place I will continue to keep coming back!
1	Do not go to this nail shop. My friend and I went there for the the first time this weekend. It took more than three hours for us to get gel manicures and regular pedicures. My friend's nails were so bad that she had the lady redo several of them while we were there. Then her nails chipped the next day so she had to go back. Now three days after my gel manicure my nails are chipping so I'm going back to get them first. Also, I got polka dots on two of my nails and the lady charged me $5 for them. I've never been charged by any other shop when I got polka dots on only two nails.
4	I have been coming here for over 10 years. I admit, it was better when Elle was here but I have always been treated well. They live my daughter, 11 and are super sweet even when she asked for weird things like skulls on her toenails. More than worth the 20$ I spend on a pedi.
