1	This restaurant has so much potential, but the night I was there it didn't impress me, or my party.I was at the restaurant, upstairs, with about 13 people and it was a bad experience.1. The food was not as nice as it was expected to be. It looked like something you could have made right at home.2. There were gnats flying around everywhere3. Several of our food orders got mixed up, and it took forever for us to get our food.Now, I would understand if the place was packed, but we were the ONLY party at the restaurant at the time!Sorry, Shiloh...I hope you improve and grow to your potential!
4	I live close to the Shiloh and I think I will become more of a fan as they work out some of the kinks.  So far the food has been enjoyable (buffalo chicken dip?  yes, please) as well as the atmosphere.  Having gone to their sister restaurant in Shadyside, I was really happy to see the Shiloh open again.  My only complaint is one which will be ironed out in time: the wait staff is still trying to adjust.  For example, the waitress we had when we ate there took quite some time to come back to us to refill beers and waters.  It wasn't busy so I was a little upset about that.  When I went for drinks one night, they only had one bartender and a barback that was not old enough to back-up the bartender when they got busy.
4	Ohhhh those frozen Cosmo's! They pack a punch and by punch I mean you could really drink a couple and be faced down somewhere you don't remember being! SO GOOD! I was safe and stuck with one and a half (the half being my friends unfinished slightly melted one.) But I digress! I am SO excited that this place is "back." It was formerly known as the Shiloh Inn and was closed for a couple months and taken over by the owners of the Harris Grill. It saddened me when the Shiloh Inn closed down because although I love me some Redbeards, this was the only place to have a nice sit down dinner on this side of the mount. Before, it kinda felt like a creepy old mansion rather than a hip restaurant. They've transformed it into a quaint and cozy little place! There was a warm !fireplace and it just felt very inviting inside, rather than the creepy before! I can't wait until they open up the deck outside because it's huge and a great place to sit and people watch in the summer! I was REALLY trying to be good and get a salad (even though it had french fries and a bucket o' ranch on it) but I thought I would be doing myself a disservice, being that it was my "first time" there. I caved and found the most delish sounding eggplant noodleless lasagna. Since I am a proud Italian, I HAVE to have my Italian dishes a certain way. That means lots of sauce and LOTS of cheese! This came out perfectly! I only wish I could make eggplant this well at home (hence going elsewhere to get it!) It was many many thin layers of breaded eggplant with lots of sauce and spinach in between. The spinach factor, in my mind, evened out the mounds of mozzarella cheese loaded on top. The dish was huge and I'm not ashamed to say I...ATE IT ALL! I'm so glad this place is here in my neighborhood! I hope that it's successful enough to stay around for a long time! I know I'll be back, especially in the summer when I can sit on the porch with a dozen frozen cosmo's surrounding me!
4	Have you been to and enjoyed the Harris Grill? Then you'll love the Shiloh. Same good food, same cheeky menu, but with better parking options!If not, this place is definitely worth a try. I went last night and tried the lobster Mac and Cheese  and the Turkey Burgher. Both were great very rich, with big portions. The rosemary aioli on the sandwich wasn't my cup of tea, but overall the flavor was good. I would probably have preferred that the mac and cheese was baked and crispy, but we certainly didn't leave anything left on the plate :)The atmosphere seemed comfortable - It felt like it could be my neighborhood bar if I lived closer. We were sat right by the front door, which was a bummer, but I'm curious to see what the upstairs seating is like. I'd definitely go back.Best tip: get your sandwich with a side of tater tots. Crispy and fun!
4	I last went to the Shiloh 5 years ago when it was known as the Shiloh Inn, so I assumed it was the same restaurant, but the Shiloh Grille is a much better experience. Gone was the uptightness and in its place was a friendly, neighborhood restaurant. The downstairs is folksy and welcoming, and the upstairs has an elegant dining room. The menu is fun and will keep you busy- every menu item has a whimsical name and description. I came here on a Sunday for the brunch buffet, and it was awesome. The chef at the omelet station made one of the fluffiest ad best-tasting omelets I've had in Pittsburgh. There was think link sausage, thick bacon. eggs, potatoes, fruit, french toast with accompanying raspberry reduction, and more. I was surprised by the cheesy grits (on a buffet!), and biscuits and sausage gravy, which had sage and other seasonings that made it very flavorful. The best part was that it cost $14 and came with an alcoholic beverage- I had a mimosa, but they also had a bloody mary, greyhound, or a screwdriver. If you're looking for a delicious brunch for a good price, make sure you try the Shiloh Grille.
3	I am a big fan of Mt Washington especially this area! I have been to Harris Grill before and had a so-so experience but decided to give Shiloh a try because my dad had a Groupon. Our server so comically bad but still managed to be charming in a stoner (why did I date this type of guy in high school) kinda way.  He didn't really know anything about the menu but was very honest about his ignorance. I was starving so I got a their veggie chili to hold me off until I demolish their turkey burger.  Unfortunately all of our courses came out at once. PRO: Awesome location, interesting menu (but it tries really hard to be funny), Outdoor seating, Solid turkey burger, Hearty Veggie Chili, free parking CON: Completely out of it server, all of our courses came out at once, surprisingly pricey for causal dining, OVERALL: Food is good but kinda pricey. Service is lacking. Might check out the bar situation next time (their happy hour specials looked promising)
4	Nice outdoor seating, good drink collection, very good hummus, and a very funny menu. I have only had the hummus and a tasty wheat beer (Southampton Double White) for lunch so my experience with the menu is limited, but what I had was solid good. The hummus is recommended; comes with a mix of warm pita bread and crispy pita bread. The crispy pita is on the heavier side, fried, but is very tasty. Others in my party had various items, including cheesy balls and salads, and seemed satisfied.    The service deserves far less than four stars. It took forever for them to take our orders at the beginning and then forever again to get our checks at the end. Granted, we were a party of ten or more but the restaurant was not crowded. I am still giving it four stars, though, as this might be an off day for our server. The outdoor porch on a summer day is excellent. Beautiful location to experience the Mount Washington neighborhood.
2	Well, this place has pros and cons. A lot of the "pros" have been discussed - nice patio, personable staff, decent food. But I think the cons outweigh them:It took over an hour before our food came out. Two of us ordered apps (as our meal), one salad, one burger. One of the apps (hummus) was sold out. Okay, order something else - spinach dip. That came out twenty minutes later. Yet everything else came out a good 45 minutes after that. Very strange.The burger was ordered medium rare. It was delivered medium well, at best.  When the diner who ordered the burger told the server it was overcooked and no, he didn't really want a replacement because he didn't want to wait for it, the manager came out. His "sorry for the sucking" was amusing, and much appreciated.The spinach dip was way too garlicky, and I don't think I've ever thought ANYTHING was too garlicky. Fried cheese (Arsenal curds, woot!) were delicious, and the Popeye-something salad looked pretty good, too.I think if Shiloh Grill focused less on being witty and more on service and quality, they could be awesome. But, well, they're not.
3	Went here for brunch yesterday 8/14/11Overall the food was decent.  Nothing was truly spectacular and as others have said their could have definitely been more variety.  What we sampled: Bacon (decent, but I don't understand why they are known for this)Sausage (better than the bacon and my fiance liked it better than the bacon which is shocking because I am the sausage fan in the house)Mini bagels with lox (pretty good though the toaster was sort of a death trap)Waffles with peaches (went back for a bowl of peaches, but the waffles were soggy)Omelet (the chef was hilarious and seemed to enjoy workign with and interacting with the customers)Frozen Mimosas (delicious!)Definitely not the variety that you are going to find at the Grand Concourse or at the Rivers Casino brunch, but overall for the price and the great waitresses we would come back.
1	Have no idea if the food is any good. Waited for 10 minutes in the bar without even a hello. The place was busy but no packed.  Really, greeting a customer isn't that hard. Walked out and no one said a word. So much for my first dining experience in Pittsburgh.
5	Had an outstanding time here on the afternoon of the U2 concert. 1st of all, Gene (perhaps a partner in the restaurant?) was about as good of a bartender as I have ever seen. He was very helpful and accurate in describing the many beers that were available. He was able to make suggestions based on what we told him we liked.Next, the food was very, very good. The steak sandwich was great, as were the wings that I sampled. But most of all, (and thanks Gene, for the suggestion) this place has the best mac and cheese I've ever had.I will be back on my next trip to Pittsburgh, and have toyed with the idea of another trip just to go here (well I'm sure I'll find something else to do while I'm in town).Props to Shiloh!
4	Went for Sunday brunch. The food was sub-par. Good, but it's breakfast food, so hard to screw up. The service was outstanding. It was a slow morning, so we were able to get to the buffet with no problem. I had one of the made to order omelets, very good. Instead of waiting for it, they brought it down to us. Not sure if this is a usual practice, but it was appreciated. The bagel/croissant was dry. The bacon (from the looks of it), not super crispy. Although I don't eat meat, I have yet to know a person who doesn't like crispy bacon. Potatoes were really good- very impressed with use of the red pepper in them. (So underused an under appreciated by most restaurants). I would go back!
5	Dinner was FABULOUS!  I had the salmon and my husband had their famous macaroni & cheese with grilled chicken.  I loved the atmosphere and the staff was incredible.We will definitely be back and we discussed bringing friends.
4	My 200th review is the Shiloh Grill. After 40 something check ins, I figured it was time for a review. I really didn't want to review this place, after all it's a place I stop into after work for a Stone IPA or an Ithaca pale ale. But after a public meeting with aids in the Mayor's office about sectioning off a piece of Olympia Park for dog walking, a few of us went to the Shiloh Grill for a late night bite.I had my normal grilled portobello, zucchini, and roasted red pepper on focaccia with a side of excellent tomato soup. My friend Lisa has the jerked chicken tacos, she said they were wonderful, and the cilantro cream that topped each taco was "to die"!Another friend had the fish and chips, two huge pieces of cod, and about a pound of fries were delivered to her. She took most of it home. The "grill" is a little too dark. Some lighting would help. Beer prices aren't bad. It's a nice place, and Mount Washington needed a place like this. Extensive menu, wings, burgers, and Tuesday is bacon night, waitresses bring baskets of bacon to the tables to nosh on and free bacon at the bar area too. Hit it up!
4	Shiloh Grill = Harris Grill. Same decor, same hipster wait staff, same menu. That being said, the food is just as good and I was happy with the service. I brought friends here so they could see the view from Mt. Washington, and they were very pleased with the food. I would think that the patio would be what would really sell this when it's not as cold out. Overall, this is where I would be going if I lived on the Mt.
3	When I first heard I was going to the Shiloh Grill, I had images of men led by Ulysses S. Grant with Grizzly Adams beards chomping into hardtack along the Tennessee River. Post visit, I can confidently report that the Shiloh Grill seems to be an easy going hangout where locals might go to enjoy friendly service and decent food. So leave your Enfields at camp. I'm sure even you will be welcome here.The restaurant is only a short walk from the Monongahela incline, so it should be on the radar of tourists who are taking in the view of Pittsburgh from atop Mt. Washington. The menu is a cleverly written culinary compendium full of local references interspersed with lascivious overtones. But it's all in a SpongeBob SquarePants kind of way, so relax.  The building is of the type that belongs among popular seaside destinations. Wood shingles, an upraised deck and an inviting bar were all reminiscent of time well spent on Cape Cod. And as a New Englander, it struck me as a tad out of place, but it still seems to work - unlike the fireplaces, which are totally for show.There's supposedly an element of the supernatural entwined in the building's history, but I'll let the natives speak to the veracity of Pittsburgh's ghostly lore. My GF and I arrived at the Shiloh Grill about an hour before a family reunion of sorts. Like good bar flies, we spent the hour at the watering hole, chatting with our amiable bartender, who was not only a discerning beer enthusiast, but was also skilled in the fine art of mixology. We were seated upstairs as the appointed hour neared. And since we had spent our afternoon shopping, among the wares we brought into the restaurant were a few bottles of Bordeaux.Well, maybe more than a few.When we were seated, our waiter charged us a nominal cork fee, so we were able to enjoy our own vino and were not beholden to the limited wine menu. Now onto the food.Did I eat healthy? Hardly. That's not possible in Pittsburgh.My Salad de la Burgh came with fries and veritable mountains of shredded provolone and mozzarella cheeses. It also came with marinated chicken tenders, which were cooked just right and retained ample flavor. So overall, I was very satisfied. A great location, friendly staff and tasty food urge me to give the Shiloh Grill 5 stars, but the lack of a skyline view (come on, it's Mt. Washington!) and the sheer concentration of competitors offering comparable food in more scenic locales compel me to make deductions.
4	The Shiloh really makes you feel like you are home. The food is really good, the beers are varied, tasty and refreshing and the drinks are very moderately priced. I am not from Pittsburgh but I go there often and I always make the Shiloh my first pit stop! Do it!
3	My only ok experience may have been my fault. I think I set the expectations so high because of my restaurant-love with Harris Grill. The service was a little slow, but friendly. We went ahead and skipped food since it was eerily quiet in here, and really wanted to be around more people watching opportunities. I popped in expecting greatness. It wasn't terrible, but you know, I think I'll keep Harris Grill as my regular haunt over this place. Just because.
3	I have been to both Shiloh Grille and Harris Grille several times. While I cannot deny they have a fun and creative menu, and boy do those frozen cosmos get me in trouble, I have recently lost interest. The eggplant lasagna was my go-to meal, BUT they recently change the red sauce they are using and it is not worth it. Dear Shiloh and Harris, please let me know when/if you change it back and I will gladly come back! I miss the shorts walks for great food!
4	The Shiloh is exactly where you want to be after being in the snow preparing for a friend's 'biggest moment of his life.' After a memorable morning on Mount Washington's beautiful overlooks we shivered our way into the Shiloh for celebratory brunch.Instantly, we were welcomed into a happy place filled with warmth, rich food, and great service. The fireplace was a necessity because we were frozen and I was glad to have a seat next to it. A round of mimosas came for us to toast to and while I am normally a welcoming fan to mimosas this one was a bit different. The juice was extremely tart, too tart for me. It left me with the post-teeth-brushing-teeth-and-then-drinking-OJ feeling.They normally don't have mimosa's on Saturdays so I can't complain (Thanks Shiloh!) but later a glass of champagne/sparking wine was perfect.Food! Food! Food! One thing, even if you have an idea of what you want (burger, salad, sandwich, etc) READ THE MENU. Hilarity. I opted for the arugula steak and blue cheese salad with a side of their popular mac and cheese. (yes, get the mac and cheese. Its creamy, and corkscrewy, and tasty.) I sampled the buffalo chicken dip and spinach dip that my friends ordered. Buffalo chicken dip was tasty but got salty with more and more tastes. Spinach dip was delicious and had a great amount of garlic in it. Definitely an indulgence worth repeating. I wish I had more than a salad but I just couldn't stomach it. Reviews for burgers tell me that they will be my go-to next time. The experience was great. The atmosphere was casual and definitely a place I can see myself revisiting!
1	I took my friend there for Sunday brunch today, and it was one of the worst brunches I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  Very limited selection of foods and what was on the buffet was cold and unappetizing.  Very sad excuse for a buffet brunch.  The corn muffins were dry and crunchy.  The fresh fruit on the buffet consisted of sections of red grapefruit and oranges.  There were no fresh veggies, no multigrain anything, no pasta salads, nothing at all interesting or healthy.  And the decaf coffee was horrible -- burnt tasting.  The only redeeming things were the made-to-order omelet station and the alcoholic drink that was included in the $14.99 price.   I felt badly that this is where I celebrated my friend's birthday.
4	Where am I - Harris Grill, no wait, Shiloh Grill!  I'm a huge fan of Harris Grill and was pleasantly pleased to visit it's fraternal twin on top of Mt. Washington.  The feel is the same that I get at Harris Grill - casual, friendly, no BS - good drinks with good food.  I didn't have any of the food, but it smelled good, real good.  For a drink I had the aqua velva which was gin based and had sprite and blue curacao giving it a bright blue hue.  Total fan - the taste wasn't overly sweet which you might initially think when taking a look at it.  But it was good - it was light and refreshing, but be forewarned it's powerful.  You can't really taste the alcohol which could be a good or bad thing depending on how you want your night to end.I was playing it safe so I didn't even finish the whole thing.  I'd definitely check this place out again and try out the food.
2	Earnest service but the buffet is terrible at worst and mediocre at best. I've eaten far better at hotel lobby buffets, where at least you can opt for cereal and yogurt when the hot food is this bad. You could solve US energetic independence by tapping the grease in the food for biofuel production.
4	Not bad... if you're a fan of the Harris Grill, you'll probably like this. I had the bean cakes appetizer which was decent but not incredible, and the fish tacos. The fish tacos were, Pittsburgh style, which means that they came in a flour tortilla, but the sauce was decent and the grilled fish was tasty. The side dish of green beans was unfortunately drenched in butter.Nice decor, decent beer on tap, but slightly noisy inside.
3	"Bar review only"Stopped in on Saturday night to meet a couple of friends.  The place was crowded and fun.  Even were auctioning off some men!  The bar staff is excellent, able to describe the beers and on top of their game!  Great Service!A good selection of craft beers and a few wines.  A couple of TV's with Pirate game on.
4	Really good food and excellent service.  Downstairs is loud, but if you are looking for a quiet conversation, try upstairs.  I'm not a fan of fried food, but the cheese balls are fun to try and the cheese is wonderful.
4	While visiting the area for a graduation, we rode the incline to Mt. Washington.  Charming ride, charming signs led us to this gem.  We were quickly seated at an outdoor table (our request).  Hands down, this place has the BEST menu - you have to go just to read it.  Miles provided fabulous, engaging and welcoming service.  He clearly loves his town and his job - we felt like staying forever.  The food is good and the drinks delicious.
5	I recently met some friends on a Sunday for brunch and Shiloh Grill was our destination.  We didn't get there until after noon but the place was surprisingly empty.  None of us had been there before so we weren't sure what to expect.I was not ready for my mind to be blown.  Their $14 brunch includes both an alcoholic and a non-alcoholic beverage and unlimited access to an out of this world brunch spread that gets it's own room.  Sure, there were an omlette bar and your expected bagels...but smoked salmon?  Yes.  Biscuits and gravy?  Yes.  The most bacon and sausage I've seen in one place?  Yes.  Okay, fine, maybe all that doesn't impress you.  But a buffet that offers Eggs Benedict?  Seriously?  And a maple bacon cupcake for dessert?  This can't be real.  Oh, but believe me friends, it is.  IT IS.  And if you don't believe me, I encourage you to try it for yourself.  You can't be disappointed.
4	Visited the Shiloh on a Sunday evening before things started getting busy. This is a friendly unpretentious place that is inviting.   It was too cool to enjoy the deck dining. The offering of craft beer on the menu were plentiful, but sadly the two my man wanted had kicked and there was no back up.  He found a third to try, but really wanted his first pick.  Guess the weekend got ahead of them, and when you are out, you are out.  I was happy they serve Kaliber non alcohol beer which is my favorite.  The menu isn't large but offers a interesting selections.  We ordered the cheese balls and WOW are they delicious.  This isn't your ordinary mozzarella cheese stick like balls.  The waiter said the cheese is made locally and had a soft, salty and tangy bite.  I enjoyed the pork tacos that were so good I would have them again.  My man had the hamburger advertised as one of the best in Pittsburgh - he agrees.
4	I love the vibe of Shiloh Grill. It's amazingly laid back. I didn't have a single care in the world as I practically loitered on their deck with a laptop, a plate of delicious hummus, and a water for well over two hours. And the service was awesome, my waiter was really cool and just let me be.I wasn't particularly hungry for anything crazy which is why I ordered the hummus, but I will furrrr surreee come back and order something off of their very intriguing menu. I happened to notice cans of Dale's Pale Ale behind the bar, and any place I've come across in my life that offers the best canned beer in the world (Dale's Pale Ale) has never been let me down.
3	The bacon cheesburger was really good, and I don't normally go crazy over burgers. The pierogis were well done also. I just wasn't crazy about dessert (see Darren's review), the service, or the rude clientele.
3	A party of five of us went to Shiloh grill Friday night for drinks and dinner. I had called ahead about reservations and was told they could give me a table inside but not necessarily out on the patio. However, when we arrived and asked for the patio, we were easily accomodated. It was a beautiful night to be able to sit outside and watch the people walking around Mt. Washington.  I love being able to carelessly relax on their deck on a nice night. For dinner I ordered the quickie salad chop chop but requested steat be substituted for chicken. Although the menu states that the salad comes with balsalmic vinagarette, it`s actually dressed with their fig vinagarette which is much sweeter than a typical balsamic vinagerette in my opinion. The salad comes stacked with vegetables. Many more than are actually listed on the menu including chick peas and what I believe was hicama. The steak was done well and flavorful. However, I was extremely disappointed when I tried to order the fresh made chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream for dessert and they were out. In fact they were out of their chocolate cupcake and all choclate desserts! How do they run out of all of their chocloate desserts? Are they really that unprepared? It was busy but not ridiculously so. Even if the waitress would have told us this prior to the meal, I could have walked across the street to the cute ice cream shop before it closed. Being 8 1/2 months pregnant, I was severely craving a chocolatey end to my meal. So, not a bad place to relax on a warm summer night but, don't expect to actually be able to order what`s on the menu.
4	Decided to venture into a new Pittsburgh neighborhood on this lovely Sunday. Ended up in Mt. Washington, a great little hood and home of Shiloh Grill. Had a Po' boy crab sandwich that was delicious. Friendly staff and cool vibe in a cool neck of the woods.
3	Shiloh Grill is a typical neighborhood bar with slightly above average food and experience. I enjoyed my first visit. It was mostly the people I met that kept me there longer than I would have otherwise. I went there because I was told the view of the city is good. There is no view of the city from its location, which disappointed me; however, misinformation isnt to discredit the establishment. The patrons (mostly btwn 25-40) were friendly and shared meaningful conversations.  The menu has a pleasant twist to the oldtime favorites offered at different places, although a few items infrequently offered, which I appreciated. The pumpkin sangria was surprisingly tasty, the steak sandwich has a nice spicey pop to it, the mac and cheese creamy (velveeta?), and the wait staff are quick to serve with knowledge about the menu. This was a great place, I am just unable to rate any tavern higher due to 'that' type of environment.
5	This place is in the Mt Washington neighborhood walking distance from some of the nice viewpoints.  Went there with some friends for brunch and I wasn't expecting a whole lot for $14 but the spread for that deal was amazing!  The unlimited buffet included an omelet station, a smoked salmon plate, eggs, meat, waffles, fruit, etc.  AND it came with a free drink (alcoholic or nonalcoholic) of your choice.  I had a bloody mary, which was made well.  The servers were also very attentive and the omelet chef was very friendly.  I want to go back for their happy hour special that includes a basket of bacon, which sounds amazing.  Atmosphere was also nice cozy and looks like the have an outdoor area that would be open when the weather is good.
4	I had no idea that this was a sister restaurant to Harris Grill until I stepped inside. It is a refreshing change from the rest of Mount Washington, in that you know you will be treated well no matter what you are wearing. While I definitely enjoy a nice meal and am willing to pay the price for it, I feel like many (but not all) of the places on Mount Washington charge for the view, rather than the food. Shiloh is a relatively inexpensive option, with very friendly staff and a great drink menu. The venue is also nice, and if you do want to see that view that people pay money for at other restaurants, I recommend walking along Grandview. The view is better on foot than from any restaurant anyways!
3	Shiloh Grill, one of the heart restaurants on Mount Washington, they have a patio and indoor seating for your desired heart and depending on weather. I personally have been there several times. Their menu is creative and very much annoyingly descriptive, but that is Shiloh Grill. Their hummus is chunky but damn good, turkey burger, is not your ordinary turkey burger, but its still a turkey burger. (DAMN GOOD). Pulled Pork, OMFG!!! This is the thing to order, their Gay Al's Barbecue Sauce needs to be marketed, for sale in a huge gigantic bottle for my household. And that saying that I have created my own recipe of BBQ Sauce, but i'd still buy theirs. Jamaican Tacos, or Jamaican my boyfriend crazy, that Jamaican Jerk rub they have is off the chains. They have a steak sandwich, that will hit your potbelly and make you feel all yummy inside. But for this experience tonight, was something else. And doesn't deserve an A+ that they usually do. I seem to have a problem with servers disappearing, not that they need to be up my you know what all dinner long, but a little reassurance that you want our paid bill and not for us to dip out would be nice. So they have new additions like a pork shank with polenta. that I really wanted to try. but it was under the "appetizer" section that I got a little nervous wondering how small were they for my "entree" meal. So we ordered pierogies, and they are awesome but my first bite was a bit** slap of salt with the onions. Getting through that was easy since they must of dumped all the salt on that poor spot. However later to discover was a hair, a small black curly hair? Turn your taste buds off yet? LOL we ate them anyways, they weren't touching any so whatever.I  ordered their bacon cheeseburger, which on Tuesdays they have Bacon Night. Hello to all my vegetarians that get a veggie burger loaded with bacon. Yeah I know a few! My boo-man ordered the short rib tacos, to then discover that they had no sauce and came with a salad. He was not planning on being healthy that night. And do NOT deserve to be priced at 15$. All in All we will return. it must have been an odd night for Shiloh on the mountain.
5	everything we have eaten has been delicious. everything. have not had a bad meal and have been at least 10 times this past month. yum!
4	Another place my dad and I hit while staying in Pittsburgh in May of 2012.  Came here on recommendation of a couple people who worked at the Sheraton Station where my dad and I were staying.  Everyone we talked to at the hotel about this place recommended the Delmonico steak sandwich.  They all said basically the same thing.  "It's what a Philly cheese steak  aspires to be".   I'm not sure if this is just a Pittsburgh v Philly rivalry thing.  None the less, it was a good sandwich.I also had the Gazpacho soup.  That was just what the doctor ordered.  We sat out on the patio on a warm sunny evening and enjoyed a beer and sandwich.  As with every place I went in Pittsburgh, the people were awesome.
4	Very good food. I wish the beer selection was a little better. We have been here 2 times and were very happy with each visit.Looking forward to going back.
4	After reading some mediocre reviews, I ventured into The Shiloh Grill on Mount Washington with cautious expectations, which were eventually proved wrong.It was Happy Hour so I looked over their ample drink selections, including a variety of mixed drinks, wines and  their 16 beers on tap. Wanting to stay local, I ordered an East End Cherry Chocolate Stout from one of the friendliest bartenders (Gene) I've met in awhile. He asked me my name and used it throughout the evening, which I thought was a personable gesture. Plus, he was periodically joking with some of the locals, keeping it light and fun for a weeknight. I struggled over what to order because there were so many selections that sounded wonderful, including their famous and plentiful Mac n Cheese, which two girls were sharing beside me. They didn't finish it. (I found out why later.)I eventually decided on "Thanksgiving on a Blawnox," a half-pound turkey burger with sage stuffing and a little rosemary aioli. When looking at the side dish options, the Mac N Cheese called out again, so I went with it. Great choice!The turkey burger was very filling, but the MnC knocked it out da park with spiral pasta covered in delicious cheese almost as thick as paste. I now understand why some people just order this for their meal, even if it registers total calories in the five digits. Seriously, proceed with caution!
4	The menu is fun, the food was great and the service was super.  Can't wait to visit again!
4	I have only gone to the Shiloh Grill for happy hour and sat in the bar area.  The bar area is a little small, but their is a larger dining area on the first and second floors.  I have had a few flavors of their wings are very good.  They also have a decent draft beer selection that are half-off from 5-7 PM.  Overall a pretty good happy hour destination.
4	As a fan of the Harris Grill, it was a no-brainer to give the Shiloh a shot.  I had a friend in from out of town for his first visit to Pittsburgh, so naturally, you are going to take that person to Mt. Washington for the view.  While there, we stopped to grab dinner.  The outside deck is large and accomodating.  The beer and drink selection was very nice.  The place was very busy but the service was good and we always had water/drinks.  Mac and Cheese is all you need to know to get from here.  Add some chicken, grilled or blackened, or steak and it is even more amazing.  I would definitely come back to check out some other items...or just have more mac and cheese.
5	I loved this place and the Mac & Cheese is amazing. I got the seafood Mac & Cheese the last two times because it is amazing. Very cheesy and very filling.
2	Food quality is poor.
2	I'm a huge fan of the Harris -- I dine there at least 3x a week.  I'm not kidding.  I've even got  my father coming to the Harris for Bacon Night.  We love it there.The Shiloh Grill?  Not so much.  The menu is exactly the same as the Harris but every single time I've dined there there has been some sort of problem, ie we waited forever for our food, there was a hair in a salad (my friend is a hair dresser and in full disclosure she didnt even care--lol), an order was forgotten....The last time I ate there I ordered the gazpacho and the Britney Spears.  The gazpacho came out so spicy it was inedible.  It was also salsa level chunky.  I took two bites and sent it back and told the waiter--maybe I got a chunk of pepper?  He agreed w me that it looked thick and I was very bummed out bc gazpacho is my favorite thing on the Harris menu.One problem was that he clearly knew someone sitting at the table across from us and would stand there bs'ing with them while I was dying for a refill of water due to the Hellfire Strength gazpacho.  I again want to mention that the gazpacho is NEVER that spicy.  Brimstone shiz was going down in that bowl!  I finally went to the bar for water.  Our waiter never noticed.I instead asked for mini mac n cheese.  The britney spears came out, two were burned and one was under cooked.  You just cant go wrong w the mac n cheese ever.  Its was honestly the high point of my whole day.Then the check came and the gazpacho was still on it.  It too so long to get the check I just paid and left.  I'll not go back, I'm going to stick w the Harris.  And Redbeards, which is right next door.
4	I really enjoy Shiloh Grill, I have been here about 10 times. I highly suggest the chop chop salad it is great. Also some cool things about here is they serve tater tots which you don't see very often and Tuesday night is bacon night you get free bacon! They have a decent beer selection and if you like fruity drinks they have frozen cosmos and frozen mimosas which is cool. I suggest the Happy Ending its amazing, they have funny names for everything is has a great environment and good prices. Sunday Brunch is affordable and pretty good!!
1	Food quality is poor.
5	Their pulled pork is superior to any pulled pork I've had elsewhere in the Burgh.Their lobster mac and cheese is quite simply amazing.Their frozen cosmos keep my wife happy, and they're only $3 during happy hour.Their staff doesn't give a fuck, and I like that.I'll keep going until I run out of money.
4	Had some great food and drinks here. Our server, Brian aka "Darkness" (as our bill said)  was friendly, funny and just wonderful all around. Great service can really make or break your experience and he definitely made it. They have a nice sized outdoor seating area with umbrellas at each table. The food was good. A little pricey for small plates, but the wings and pierogies were both greatly enjoyed by my party.This place has a great beer selection and I would definitely love to check it out during happy hour sometime.
4	came here for a wedding rehearsal party. had a "light fare" but everything was great from the atmosphere to the food. the wings were garlic-y, spicy & delicious. friends staff too.
3	Great place for a large group!  We seem to end up here for birthday outings-great drinks and food and plenty of space for large parties.  Fantastic drink menu with of course the frozen cosmo-everyone's favorite. Their sangria is fantastic and sometimes overlooked. I wanted to be brave and try the seasonal pumpkin sangria but decided on a pumpkin beer and they had a fantastic selection of about 5 or 6 different kinds on tap. The menu is about the same as Harris Grill. I do wish they had a few more options. This time I went with the pulled pork with red potatoes and coleslaw.  Everything was just ok. I do enjoy how they let you pick a side if you don't want the French fries.  The coleslaw was super spicy which I was not expecting.  Our waitress was very friendly and was very willing to split our checks even for the large party. 18% gratuity was added however the waitress made sure we knew this ahead of time. I recommend going when the weather is nice to sit outside on their deck.
4	If you take the incline, an are looking for a comfy meal and a drink, this is the spot to go. Good service, amazing custom Mac and cheese (thanks to the chef!). We were seated in a crowded spot and some bros kept crowding our table and making me a little claustrophobic.
5	The worst thing about this restaurant is I don't live near it. My bf and I were visiting pittsburgh for the weekend and by suggestion of friends, we had to take the incline up to visit mount Washington. It was a cold night, so we stopped into Shiloh grill to warm up. It was crowded, but the great hostess found a small table in the bar area. It was crowded there (we got a lot of butts in our faces), but we had a wonderful waitress who was super attentive and friendly. When I saw Mac and cheese on the menu, I knew it was the place for me. And then I found out it was customizable I fell in love. I'm a vegetarian, and our waitress told us she'd ask the chef to throw in some yummy veggies, and top it with blue cheese. We also ordered pierogis, which were good, but I wanted to lick the Mac and cheese bowl, it was that good! I've been dreaming about it since. My warm cider drink also did a great job of warming me up. Eat here and order Mac and cheese- you won't be sorry. But I'll be jealous.
5	One of my favorite brunches in town! I've gone twice now and there's never been a wait, which is a great plus! The buffet costs around $15 and includes your choice of a breakfast alcoholic beverage. The buffet includes bagels with toppings (including smoked salmon!), eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, mini muffins/cupcakes, danishes, mac n cheese, waffles, biscuits and gravy, an omelette station, and more. On this particular day it also served salmon filet.It's such a great deal and the food is all delicious.
5	This place is so underrated! Great atmosphere, friendly service, delicious food! I had the fish tacos and pumpkin sangria -- both AMAZING, and my Mom really enjoyed her lobster macaroni and cheese. Highly recommended!
3	I went last night for Wine night.  Love that any wine is $5 as I love wine.  I loved our Jerk tacos as I love the caribbean flavor.I wasn't impressed with the buffalo chicken dip we ordered as an appetizer.  Not much chicken and too much blue cheese.  Our server was also nice, but I would have drank more wine if she came back more often.  Either way since I live on the mount I recommend this place
2	Really comfortable atmosphere and welcoming staff. Why only 2 stars? I expected better in terms of food and prices. We got the spinach and artichoke dip app and it was good but far too small for the $7-8 price. Definitely not worth that much--one could get double the portion and the same taste at Applebee's for the same price.The Mac and cheese was super expensive and lackluster. I've had Mac and cheese at many different places and this was the worst. It wasn't thick, hardly any flavor, and just bland. The garden weasel was alright and the fries were standard. Likely won't be visiting here again.
5	I LOVE Shiloh Grill. How did I not know about it sooner?!? The pulled pork sandwich is my go-to. Kielrogieretzel sliders are amazing (my out of town visitors were dying over this creation and just couldn't get enough of this Pittsburgh-on-a-pretzel-bun). I can't wait to go back and try the frozen Cosmo I've heard so much about. Everyone who has waited on me here has been so awesome! It makes for a fun night out to eat. That and the hilarious menu. Read it all.
4	Armed with a Groupon and already being a fan of the Harris Grill, a friend and I trekked up Mt Washington to visit the Shiloh Grill for the first time.I was a little disappointed that the menu was almost exactly the same as the Harris Grill, but soon got over it as my generous serving of house sangria was delivered.  I started with a HG favorite bean soup served with crumbled bacon (this is a bisque and is very, very good).  Never have I ordered anything with complete caloric abandon, but was feeling needy and placed an order for Mac & Cheese with Lobster and Crab.  It was pretty fantastic.  Like... crazy end-of-days, make-your-jeans-hate-you fantastic.  I could not even eat half of it - because I knew I wanted the skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.  Um, yes.  I ate it all.  My friend started with the tomato soup and was surprised by the nicely spiced serving (I will definitely try it next time).  She then had the crab cakes, which she also liked very much.  She agreed that the fresh cookie and ice cream was fab and we left feeling full and comforted.  Love their upstairs fireplace!The service was definitely attentive and on top of everything, even though they were pretty busy.  Wouldn't hesitate to stop again.
5	When I heard this place had a Backn night I was sold! Then I got there, the location is fabulous. I love that they have an outdoor section for the Warner months. The bacon was cooked perfectly and my girlfriends and I ordered and shared a few apps as well. Everything was fantastic! I also was impressed with the beer selection including seasonal varieties. Our waitress was friendly, cute and timely. I will definitely be back and recommend this to others. Maybe even take out of town friends when they come to visit.
4	Excellent neighborhood place, great food, very reasonably priced. I will go vack again and again.
4	I went here last night with 2 friends for a birthday dinner and it was awesome! We got there about 7 and it was a 20 min wait, which was perfect because we were able to enjoy a drink at the bar. The host texted us our wait time and came over to get us when the table was ready. Our waiter, Bobby was awesome! He was really friendly, made sure to let us know he could answer any questions about the menu and gave great recommendations. We shared the calamari which was perfectly cooked and served topped with a sweet and tangy sauce. I ordered the grilled fish tacos which came with quinoa and green beans. I wouldn't change a thing, perfectly cooked, great spice and good portion. My friends got the Mac and cheese, pulled pork sandwich and one of the veggie sandwiches and they both were happy. My only regret is we went on a Thursday and not a Tuesday which is apparently all you can eat bacon!!!
3	My second time to Shiloh Grill, although this time was much less enjoyable. The food was equally delicious, but our server was absent most of the meal. We ordered wings and our server never brought extra napkins until we complained. He also never refilled our drinks, nor could we find him to ask him to. I'm debating on returning. The atmosphere was loud and reminiscent of a college bar on Carson St. It's a shame because the food was good, but it just goes to show you that bad service can ruin a perfectly good meal.
1	Wanted to make a reservation for 14 people on a Thursday night. Called on Wednesday and they wanted my credit card so they could charge me $10 a person if we didn't show. My response, "That's fine. But if I need to cancel in the morning, I won't be charged, right?" Nope, they'll charge me. Awful.
4	4 people were all very happy.  Lots of mixed drinks, good food, mac and cheese is amazing, and a reasonable selection of various micro beer choices.
4	Love the deck in the summer and I can't ever pass up the eggplant parm, yum!
5	I love Shiloh Grill. The owner is always around, making sure that people are satisfied. I eat there regularly and ALWAYS get great service. Their food is delicious, and their menu always cracks me up. Check it out!
4	I came here after checking out a house in the area.  It was before dinner so it wasn't busy and it was super nice out. I had the build your own bowl with quinoa, grilled chicken and kale slaw.  IT WAS SOOO GOOD!  They have a pretty good beer selection too.
4	This place offers a great selection off food with excellent drinks to have on the side. As a frequent flyer, I have not had one bad menu choice and you have to go on Tuesday nights as it is "bacon" night! All you can eat bacon with excellent drink specials. The staff is friendly and always inviting for more to eat. Be sure to visit the sister location called "Harris" in Shadyside!
4	Sat on the patio, quiet and cozy @ 6pm on a Thursday. Great happy hour specials, on appetizers and beer. Great cocktail and beer list and unique items as well as staple items on menu. The goat cheese stuffed peppers were yummy!
3	A great choice but we should have heeded the advice of the waiter. The bacon burger was delicious and the Mac and cheese was as great as touted. The pork burger was good overall but it lacked a nuance flavors. The advice that we should have heeded was to avoid the French fries. Just stick to their specifically touted items and you'll have a good experience.
3	Let me say that this is a review only for Sunday brunch buffet.A and I show up at like 10:30 and decide to sit outside which is beautiful.  Nice deck overlooking the street.  We had Jared as a waiter.  If this review were just about how awesome Jared was, it would get like 10 billion stars.  We often go out for breakfast and generally spend several hours gabbing.  Most waiters don't know what to do with us.  Either they ignore us or hover making it known that we need to move it along.  Jared did neither of those things - he refilled out coffee and waters a billion times.  He asked if we wanted anything and when we said that we were going to take out time, he had no problem.  When we finally did get up to go upstairs for the buffet, we took our purses cause 1. who doesn't take their purse when they have to walk from outside to inside and up stairs and no one will be sitting at their table anymore and 2. it's Mt Washington.  The busboy came and cleared out entire table!  Jared quickly got us new waters, new coffees, new silverware, creamers, sugars, salt and pepper, etc.  The food, however, is where this place was lacking.  If you have a buffet at a busy restaurant on Sunday morning, there are a few things that you need to get right: 1.  HAVE FOOD.  Over half the containers were completely empty!  And when the people would come re-fill, they seemed to only re-fill the ones that already had food in them.  2.  Have mac n cheese.  If you are known for your mac n cheese, which Shiloh is, you should actually have pans and pans pre-made and ready for re-fills.  3.  Have the food HOT.  How on earth was everything flying out of there so fast that most of the stuff was empty, but also nothing was hot - some of it was barely lukewarm.  There were some highlights - the pulled jerk pork was amazing.  No idea what you were supposed to do with it alone, but it was really good.  The stuffed peppers, also an odd choice, were very tasty.  The best in my opinion was the carmelized onion and gruyere quiche.  It was very onion-y, but sadly barely warm at all.
4	We had tasty appetizers - Polish Church Basement Pierogies, Britney Spears (chicken) and Sriracha Deviled Eggs.  The chipotle sauce and a basil pesto were very tasty on the Britney Spears; the chicken was moist and flavorful.  I adore Sriracha and have consumed the sauce en masse since childhood, therefore iIt is likely that I am used to super spicy food and found the Sriracha Deviled Eggs tasty but not *spicy.*  A wonderful surprise was the Polish Church Basement Pierogies - our 3yo daughter loved them as much as we did!  Perfect taste and perfect consistency.  The Polish Church Basement Pierogies pairs very well with Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter.  If a porter isn't in your taste profile, there is a large selection of beer and drinks where anyone can find something great.  I love that Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter is available; this is one of the first porters I learned about, I adore dark beers and I appreciate the connection to Hunter S. Thompson!That aside, the food:  YES!  The food was scrumptious.  The kids had hamburgers that were actually cooked to medium and not cauterized.  I opted for a vegetarian selection: The Garden Weasel.  This sandwich is a grilled zucchini and a portobello cap paired with roasted red peppers, tomatoes, onion, fresh mozzarella cheese, and basil pesto mayonnaise.  (I held off on the cheese.)  What a fabulous array of flavors!  I would love to go back and try their Jamaican chicken (which will be interesting since I've been a month in Jamaica) and their crab cakes (the ultimate test: my east coast palate).  If any place is up for a test, this one is!  I look forward to making this a usual stop whenever we're in the Mt. Washington area.  Lastly, our table opted in for the basket of bacon.  OMG!  Bacon is a religion at this place, and my kids are pious followers of all things swine.  (As if we weren't already sold!)  It is also fun to read the touristy "haunted restaurant" history of the Shiloh Grill.  Fun factoids and very Americana.
5	Great food, great/fun service! Bring an appetite!  We were hungry after a long walk- this negated the issue. Our server was fun and the manager was accommodating. Highly recommend.
3	We were very excited to eat here but we were disappointed by our visit. I ordered the Mac & Cheese with crab & lobster. It was okay but not worth the $20 price tag. My husband had the Jamaican tacos. He thought they were ok but actually liked my dish better. Our server was nice but not around much. He brought my husband a beer but no glass. The coke he had was flat. We were literally underwhelmed. We'll be heading somewhere else for dessert.
5	Stopped here to get lunch after taking in the beautiful sights of downtown Pitt. What a good choice it was! I had the grilled/marinated chicken skewers, affectionately called the "Britney Spears" & my boyfriend had the lobster Mac n' Cheese. Both were delicious, and came out really quickly. Also, after 5, drinks & appetizers are half off! Totally recommend this place. Two thumbs up!
5	Stopped here after I rode the incline up and don't regret it! Great staff, they are super friendly. Jesse is a great waiter! I got an app and a couple "mofojitos" that were delicious and strong at the same time! Good thing I'm riding the incline back down! Perfect outside deck for the summer.Food was tasty too. The inside was nice, but I didn't check it out too much since the weather was beautiful.
3	We stopped here for dinner and the weather had the patio closed which was a bummer.  The bar is great and the food was good. Everyone enjoyed their meal and had a great time.  I would recommend this place after checking out the view stations.
4	I have never eaten dinner here but their brunch is off the chain! it's $15 all you can eat and includes a breakfast beverage of your choice. I'd choose the frozen mimosa! The mac and cheese is sooooo cheesy and creamy! I love that you can also have bagel,lox,and cream cheese and they have onions,capers,eggs,and tomatoes to add to the breakfast sandwich. They also have the usual-bacon,eggs,sausage,eggs benedict,waffles. I love coming here for brunch!
4	My husband and I wanted a laid back place to go for our first wedding anniversary, and we chose to come here! The food and service were excellent! We ordered the spinach dip as an appetizer, and loved it! For our main dishes, I ordered the crab cakes, and my husband got the steak tacos. Both meals were outstanding and our waitress was awesome! Can't wit to go back!!!
5	1st- menu is eclectic and spansive. 2nd- great service 3rd- location in heart if Pittsburgh and great sights to behold ;)4th - this is an excellent find. 5th- my 5 stars is for a lunch. My libations were well done as my food. This is what we call a win-win.
4	I had the carnitas with a side of mac and cheese.  I had a Dogfish Irish stout to wash it all down.  The food is seriously good and affordable. It was probably the best carnitas sandwich I have had, and the mac was out of this world.  Go here, you won't regret it!
5	I had to come back here during my trip. This time I had the Del Monico a go go, a side of mac and cheese, and a Dog Fish India Brown ale.  The sandwich was fantastic, and the mac and cheese once again was spectacular.The staff here is fantastic, you can really tell that they enjoy their jobs. I love the sense of humor that permeates the whole place. A good place to have some great food, and a good time.
5	I came into Pittsburgh last Monday to see my girlfriend and meet her family for the first time. I had never been to the city and enjoyed it very much. Prior to meeting up with her and her parents (for the very first time), I stopped into this unique establishment for a beer to calm my nerves, as well as a quick bite to eat to hold me over till dinner in a few hours. I was waited on by one of the best bartenders I have had in recent history. His name was Keller. He wore a Pirates cap, which worried me at first (I don't know why). He was very friendly but not in a fake way. He knew what to say and when to say it. We talked here and there as I enjoyed my beer (Bells Oberon - Delicious!) and my Hushpiggies (also incredible). Talking to Keller and the general positive vibe of the staff really made things easier for the rest of the night. A bad bartender (trust me when I say there are more than enough of those in NYC) could have easily sent my nerves in the wrong direction. It just goes to show what can happen when someone who cares about their job and is good at it takes care of you.I hope to visit again when I return to the Burgh. (Hooray for my first yelp review!)
4	Ate brunch with locals who told me this was the to-go brunch place. All you can eat brunch buffet, with an omelette bar, some lunch options such as mac-n-cheese, and an included drink: definitely worth it. I tried their frozen mimosa, which I had never had before, and loved it. Now I'm wondering why all the other brunch places I have ever gone to hasn't made frozen mimosas! If you are in town for brunch, definitely give this place a try! You won't need to eat for the rest of the day!
5	Awesome place to check out after taking the incline and checking out the view! Got here on a weekday a little after happy hour and was promptly seated outside. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive and had us ordering more drinks and food then we should have but it was worth it! The menu seems overwhelming at first as it looks like there are huge descriptions of each item that may or may not inform of what the dish really consists of! My bf and I ended up sharing a couple of appetizers (sriracha deviled eggs and sliders) and ordered the mac and cheese with jerk chicken to share. Everything was delicious but the mac and cheese was amazing! Soo good! Really i think the mac and cheese here with anything will be amazing!We also started off with a couple of beers then we ordered a couple of rounds of the frozen cosmo. The frozen cosmos are super strong and delish. The fact that they are frozen makes it so refreshing on a hot summer day/night. Add a $1 and you can add more alcohol to it so be careful with these drinks! They might hit you hard if you have too many!To finish things off we were convinced to get a hot cookie in a small cast iron pan loaded with ice cream! The cookie was ooey gooey and delicious.I had an awesome night here and would love to come back for more delicious food and drinks!
5	So AMAZING! In town from California for work and wanted something in town that was good. Found this place on yelp and gave it a shot. Sat at the bar w Sam, amazing service. Got the grilled veggie salad w salmon added on top. Dressing came on the side, house Pinot Grigio was great andwas in the mood for a cookie. Asked Sam about the dessert and he said they had a cookie that was amazing and house made. Homemade chocolate chip cookie w vanilla ice cream topped w whip in a skillet, amazing! Blows the pazookie out of the water!
5	Out of town with family, found this on Yelp, good crowd for a Thursday dinner. So glad we came. Server was fun and helpful, Mr. White. Place has a bit of humor which added to the already unique menu. Kids loved it. I liked the beer selection and my chicken jerk tacos. Hummus starter was real good plus healthy. Lots of unhealthy food too, like bacon stuff, so it's a good choice place for differing pallets. Son had fun with Build Your Bowl dinner, kept in check by server's help, he recommended cheese sauce so it wouldn't be dry, came out great. Half a block walk from best city view vantage in country to walk off the calories.
4	Outdoor seating! Only really four good months if this in Pittsburgh, so this is a good place to go. Sugared beet salad was nice and refreshing for a summer dish. I've had most things on their menu and all are good selections. They rotate specials/features pretty often, too. Wine Wednesdays...yes! I love a place with a good drink special. Used to have tarot readings with Rebecca...wish they would bring that back. Only downside is parking which is pretty much a downside in Mt. Washington as a whole.
4	Always a pleasant experience. Wait staff is attentive, efficient and genuinely kind. The atmosphere whether inside or on the patio is relaxing. Drinks/cocktails are well made and tasty. I'm consistently happy with the menu choices of fun, comfort food. Every selection I've had was delicious.
2	Too expensive for what it is....but then it's on the mt so they bump prices up for the tourists. The fries are incredibly salty almost inedible.  Good for tourists not locals
3	I love Shiloh Grill. Shiloh and Harris Grill serve up the same foods, just in different locations. The location of Shiloh Grill is in Mount Washington, which really is great if you are going to explore the Mt. Washington lookouts and sights! The outside of the building looks cool with two sets of stairs on the left and right of building ascending to the entrance. This restaurant doesn't have as cool as a vibe as the Harris Grill does, in my opinion, but then again, I was seated close to the entree way on the first floor, maybe there is more to this building?! I was seated on a tall bar stool by the window, which allowed us room to sit and relax. The food was amazing. I ordered the turkey burger, which I love to get each time I come here! The service was great too! I enjoy the atmosphere of Harris Grill a little more, but the food the same and the Shiloh Grill is still a great restaurant!
5	Our group had a great experience at Shiloh Grill; they made room for all 16 of us on very short notice and our server, Jonathan, was fantastic. The menu is vast and entertaining, and everything we ordered was great -- especially the mac & cheese with lobster and the short rib tacos. Good tap list & seasonal cocktails and reasonable prices.This was a great dinner destination after riding the incline and sightseeing on Mt. Washington. We will be back next time we're in Pittsburgh!
1	Wow I'm surprised to see all the good reviews after my terrible experience here today!  The food left something to be desired and our waiter only came around about every 30 minutes causing the awful experience to drag on forever.  The menu is funny, which is great.  However it doesn't describe the food very well.  I ended up ordering a chicken quesadilla only to find it was made with mozzarella cheese and had mushrooms all through it.  It smelled and tasted like pizza rather than a quesadilla.  Thankfully the waiter saw me trying to dig the mushrooms out (one of my least favorite foods unfortunately) and offered to get me something different.  I ended up getting a chopped salad which was mediocre... I guess I had already soured on the place at that point.  Our appetizer, the Britney Spears, was good though!  The place is nice.  It just seems like they are trying a little too hard and unfortunately missed the mark for me.
4	Great find!  Visiting from DC and loved the unique take on menu!  Witty and original.  The food was excellent! Can't say enough about the pierogi sliders and the eggplant lasagna!!
2	I'm only giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because of the way Jim handled our problem. This review is mainly based on service and not food. My boyfriend and I were told to go to the shiloh grill from a friend. We got here and it was a 45 minute wait, which is fine so we waited. After 45 minutes we were seated by the hostess. Our server never, NEVER asked us what we wanted to drink. Not once throughout our whole meal. He told us there would be a girl following him for training and that was all he said. We told him we'd like an appetizer and told him which one. He said they were all out. We picked another one, he said they were out of that too. We picked a third appetizer - surprise! Out of that too. We asked him what they weren't out of and he said their Hush Piggies so we ordered that as we were starving and wanted an appetizer. 35 minutes later, still no appetizer. A woman (the manager at the time, though she never said she was or even said her name) came up to us laughing and said "your order was the last order we had and it got burnt so we can't give it to you, but we'll take it off the bill" -obviously you will take it off. She asked if we wanted anything else and we asked when our food would be out (why order an app if it's been 35 minutes and the food should be out shortly?) she said it would be out momentarily. We said we'd pass on the appetizers so she walked away. A few minutes later our waiter came to say he'd pushed our food to the front so it would be out next. No. Another 35 minutes for our meal, so we were obviously mad we didn't order another app. Nonetheless, I ordered a turkey burger and he ordered a mushroom burger. Definitely nothing that should take an hour. At this point we had yet to complain once but i'm sure our annoyance was obvious. I wanted to speak with the manager but she was in the bar on her cellphone talking to two guys for 20 minutes as we could see into the bar. We waited for our bill but it never came for 15 minutes when Jim talked to us. Jim is the entire reason I didn't give the place one star. He should be running the place, really. He was awesome. He came up to us (meanwhile he had just walked in and wasn't even there during our whole ordeal!). He told us our whole meal was being comp'd, apologized immensely, and told us to order dessert. We did, the dessert was good but pretty sure it was nuked as it was cold in many spots and warm in others. We didn't complain because at this point, oh well. He then came back after we had finished our desert and Jim came up to us giving us the owner's business card and a $20 gift certificate to come back again. We both decided we will never come back for a meal (the food was decent, but not worth all this trouble) but would come back and spend it at the bar. It's a shame that the service gave them this review, but if it wasn't for JIm they'd only have 1 star. If the owner or management reads this, Jim needs a raise and the girl manager who was working on 4/16 needs a demotion and her cell phone should be put away during a shift. So unprofessional.
5	A fantastic place to go any day of the week, especially for a Tuesday when your trying to figure out something fun and social to do with friends. Tuesday evenings are bacon night, I mean how can you go wrong with that?
5	Best perogies in Pittsburgh! and who could hate the free bacon on Tuesdays?  Beyond the great food super cool wording in the menu, the staff is amazing and very friendly.
4	Being a fan of Harris over in Shadyside, it comes as no surprise that my most recent visit Shiloh was a good one. It was my first time stopping by and definitely won't be my last.As far as the menu and atmosphere, it's all very similar to it's Shadyside brother. However, I quite prefer Shiloh due to it being much more relaxed. Harris is loud and tends to be a little crazy, Shiloh was the opposite. Maybe it's because we visited on a Sunday night, but it was very chill and there were only a few other tables and patrons at the bar. I ordered the Jamaican tacos and was satisfied. They had a nice zing to them and the fruit helped neutralize how spicy it was. It also came with grilled veggies and a rice-like substance (can't remember the name of it!). It was $16, but totally worth the price. I ended up taking half of it home. Huge portions! We also ordered an appetizer of Buffalo Chicken dip with pita bread and veggies. It was good, but very much like the kind you could eat at a party. Though, the warm pita bread was a nice touch. Their drink menu is huge (almost too big, making it hard to decide), but I decided on a Hot Spiced Cider. I thought it was very strong, yet still yummy. I don't think I would order it again, but it was definitely worth the try.
5	Always delicious and a good time. The food doesn't come from boxes, the staff enjoys working here, the view of the city from a block away is divine, and the locals are friendly. No gunfights happening here!
5	Been awhile since I've lived and Pittsburgh and visited the Shiloh Inn now Shiloh Grill. Only thing that's the same is still haunted my Mrs Soffell. Great staff, atmosphere and pretty witty menu. Tomato soup was good. Great beer selection. Loved the winter white sangria!
1	Let me begin by saying I used to be a huge fan of this place.   Today after many visits I'm saying those is my last.   In the past year or two has gone downhill.   Two years ago I would have readily given them 5 stars.If you do decide to go here, ask for Miles or Brian's sections.  They're two of the best!Food is cold, portions have shrunk and some members of the wait staff just don't care.If you want to try this place, goto their other location (Harris Grill) instead.  They are still 5 star and live up to my expectations.    I think the management here at Shiloh is the difference!
