5	I wanted an alternative to blinds and decided to use Sunburst Shutters after seeing their advertisement in a mailer: and I'm so glad I did.  They created beautiful, custom polywood shutters for my den and kitchen and their customer service was and is unmatched.  I was so impressed with these shutters that I've decided to have polywood shutters installed on all my windows:  and I will use only Sunburst to do the job.  Highly recommended.
5	Our Las Vegas home is already beautiful, but with the addition of Sunburst Shutters, I couldn't be more pleased. The showroom helped us get the feel of what was to come. Our saleman Paul is very professional and took precise measurements of all interior windows. He listened to what we said and gave insights which were helpful.  He showed us the difference the split rail in the middle made, and that is, the top and bottom open and close independently of each other, another benefit. Plus he was so darn nice! On installation day, everything went like clock work. We ordered the 4 1/2" wood grained Polywood Shutters in bright white. Soon thereafter, we added a three-panel french doors.  We called Paul again to measure the doors for shutters. They will be installed on 11/5/13.Get ready for the compliments. Everyone who visits can't get over how much more beautiful everything is. Friends from CA came for a visit and they decided to contact Sunburst Shutters in Los Angeles. Compliments keep coming. Sunburst Shutters are the ultimate in window fashion, and is what every window deserves. I am happy with the high-touch customer service.  Deal directly with Sunburst Shutters. They are the best.  And, the biggest surprise was the price. I was able to have all the 21 windows done. We are extremely pleased with our investment.
5	After purchasing our home in May we decided to replace the blinds with shutters. On recommendation we contacted Sunburst Shutters. From the very first phone call, we have been very pleased. Our salesman Paul was very professional and showed us several options. We also received bids from two other reputable companies, but with everything Sunburst offered, we chose Sunburst. The day of installation, Eric and Fernando showed up on time and went straight to work. Eric had the shutters on 13 windows installed in no time. Fernando was very efficient in cleaning the shutters, sealing and making sure they opened and closed nicely. Our salesman Paul showed up to see how things were going and brought pizza!We are very pleased and have already started thinking about doing our bedroom windows. Without a doubt we will go with Sunburst.Everyone is very professional, nice and considerate. Our shutters look beautiful and we could not be happier!When choosing shutters, call Sunburst; don't fall for the cheaper prices from companies who won't be in business next year.
5	I have used Sunburst for two of my homes and my sister used them as well. Perfect job everytime!  Bit expensive but you get what you pay for and they last forever.   Will use them again if I buy another home.  Never had a problem.  Love my shutters!!!!
4	After my husband and I purchased a home, we decided to replace our vinyl blinds to wood shutter blinds. Sunburst shutter are a great team of professionals. Their shutters are a little pricier than other, however, there quality and team are great! It is worth the extra bucks for something you will be pleased with.
5	I've been wanting shutters for a very long time so when it was time to take the plunge, I knew the exact company I wanted to go with.  Everything couldn't have gone any smoother.  I scheduled my inquiry online and received a call the very next day.  Then Chris, the sales representative, came equipped with knowledge, samples and a friendly personality.  Five weeks later, my shutters were getting installed and I couldn't be happier with the results.  Everyone was punctual and wore booties in my 'no shoes allowed' house.  Overall a well deserved five star rating!
5	When our house was built eight years ago, the owners had Sunburst install the shutters. We bought the house six years ago and the shutters have worked beautifully until one pulled apart. I went to the phone directory and called them without knowing that they had done the original installation. They checked their records, found the installation and repaired the shutter for free. They did not have to do any of that. They could have taken the repair and charged me. But they did not. They represent real integrity in business. If I ever need any new shutters or service, I will go to Sunburst.
5	Our shutters were installed last week and we couldn't be more pleased. We are very impressed with the professionalism and quality delivered by Sunburst Shutters. Paul was a pleasure to deal with. He was very knowledgeable, straight forward, and responsive.  We received quotes from several other vendors but none of our appointments went as well as our appointment with Sunburst. We felt like he wasn't pushy with us and we like that. We felt comfortable trusting Paul as well as the product he was selling. The ladies at the showroom were helpful in answering our questions and finalizing our selections. Angie was a great in rescheduling our install to a date to accommodate our schedules. We feel good about our decision. Our polywood shutters look fantastic!
5	It has been about 1 year since we have had our Sunburst Shutters through our entire home and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made!  The shutters are not only beautiful and elegant, they are energy efficient, easy to clean and operate.  I love how they can open completely or just partially depending on how much light you want to let in.  I especially love that they were able to go on our French doors.  All the windows now have a beautiful frame.  They are pretty to look at it from the inside/out.  They add value to our home.  They keep the room cool when we need it.  The quality of Sunburst is what sets them apart from all the other types of plantation shutters around.
