4	Brand new on-campus Food Fight Inc. restaurant! The entire inside and outside looks like it came straight out of Pinterest. Adorable bar, dairy bar, restaurant seating, and outdoor patio.I couldn't tell this was a brand new restaurant (except the leather booths were so soft I had to have been the first 100 to sit down!) during my meal. The food and service were both great! We tried the Mediterreanean plate as a starter; savory french toast and the egg special as entrees; and obviously a homemade sprinkles donut for dessert. Everything was amazing! Best donut I've ever had, ever. I had a couple of drinks: a bloody mary and the house "rumchata" cocktail. Both were presented well and tasted just as great as they looked. Great experience, great vibes. Can't go wrong with another Food Fight Inc. restaurant!
3	I really want to like this place and I think I will eventually, but I'm not racing back after my first visit.The BSBC has a homey feel to it, similar to a small-town diner. They have an awesome menu with both vegetarian and gluten-free options. A big bonus is my book is offering brunch all day long. Another big win in my book: they offer power outlets at all the booths.When it came to ordering, I got the egg special of the day: a scrambler with tomatoes and queso fresco, potatoes on the side. Me and my date also tried to order donuts, their signature item, but they were out. This is where they're losing their biggest star: if you're going to put donuts all over your website, menu, and ads, make sure you have enough to at least get through brunch (we were seated around 1pm).When the food came is was pretty good. I really liked my scrambler and the potatoes were really good. The food runner that dropped off the food seemed to be in a hurry and didn't give us the right plates, so service dropped a bit. Additionally, they serve breakfast potatoes here, and I prefer hash browns. A lot of places offer both, so it would be nice to have the option.I really want to give this place another star or two because I think it has real potential, but I won't be running back in the immediate future. Give it a try if you're looking for somewhere new!
5	Overview: A fun (boozy) play on American diner classics. Hits: Chilaquilas, drink list, and donuts. Misses: campus location (likely a plus for their target demographics,  and not a miss that will keep me from coming.  The crowd was surprisingly mixed in terms of age.)Hints: watch for great promos.  For example $3 early bird mimosas.Bottomline: venture out to this new madison offering. There is ample parking,  stellar service, and a kitchen that is nailing it during their first weeks.
5	This place is the bee's knees.Since breakfast (and therefore brunch, and brinner) is my favorite meal of the day, I have high expectations for any restaurant claiming to be a brunch mecca. But this place does, and totally is. Why it's so great: Our service was fast and of superb quality, drinks were made well (we enjoyed the screwdriver, mimosa and bruncherita), food was delectable. Between a group of us we had the 'merican breakfast and Brunch Club omelet. Everything was so so good. Although I normally prefer hashbrowns, the breakfast potatoes were well seasoned and crispy. The bacon and sausage were also not too fatty and the eggs cooked perfectly.Minor negatives: They were not serving their frozen screwdriver when we were there, apparently their ice machine was broken? We were really looking forward to sipping on those so that was a bummer. The bruncherita, although tasty, was super strong. Expect a decent buzz from that one. Lastly, if you're looking for a super cheap place to enjoy some greasy breakfast food, this is not the place. It's a bit pricey for the student budget, but the food is worth it. I promise! Overall this place makes me very happy, and I will be back. Often.
2	Farmer's hash was awful. Tiny portion for the price, Brussels sprouts were hard, no taste whatsoever. Had some of my girlfriend's breakfast burrito and the flavors were offensive, not very good at all. Only reason I would go back is the donuts, maple bacon glazed was amazing, I should have eaten a dozen of those instead of the hash for the price and satisfaction.
4	It's NEWvember for Yelpers, so I was happy to finally get to try Bassett Street Brunch Club. :) I'd give it a solid 4 for my first time.We had this Monday morning off so it was pretty empty, as we expected. Some cute couples and students, though. They have outlets so it seems like it'd be a great place to study! There's also a free parking lot (but get your ticket validated).First, we started off with a little breakfast appetizer ... a chocolate hazelnut doughnut. Ughhjhhhhh good.Derek ordered something amazing: horchata latte. It was delicious. I had a cappuccino and it was pretty good. :)Derek order chilaquiles and it was a HUGE plate. The peppers were surprisingly for him (surprising because he never calls anything too spicy).I was really excited about my Farmer's Hash ... but I was then disappointed to find bits of bacon in it. This was definitely the biggest downer. Also, my portion of veggies compared to Derek's portion was an enormous difference! My eggs and rye bread were delicious, and the veggies in the hash seemed perfectly cooked, but now they were also covered in bacon grease which would mean a very bad stomach ache for me later. I really don't know how bits of bacon can accidentally drop in, but it does! Our waitress was extremely nice about it, and got me a new plate RIGHT away, and also took my meal off our bill. A hostess or maybe the owner? came over and also apologized. It was really nice.We definitely want to go back and give it another go!Oh! One more thing! The sun is SO BRIGHT in the morning, and I could barely see my waitress' face when ordering. It was odd. Their shades do basically nothing to stop the glare and heat, so that should probably be fixed ...
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch experience at BSBC. A friend and I went on a game day around 11 am. I expected to have to wait, but was pleasantly surprised that we were seated immediately at the u-shaped bar in the back. Honestly, I think this was a great place to sit on our first visit. It gave us a chance to watch the kitchen, expediters, and other staff, who seemed to congregate back there and see order as they came up. I'm happy to say that this view didn't ruin the experience. The staff was very clean and safe with food handling. Also, everything put in the window looked amazing!Upon being seated, my friend and I ogled the picturesque doughnuts under the glass domes on the counter. We decided that we would get a few to go. Ended up with the Oreo and the chocolate hazelnut-- both fluffy and dense at the same time and perfectly sweet!At the restaurant, we enjoyed three split dishes. 1) the egg of the day, which was red pepper, spinach, and goat cheese. Really tasty and hearty, but nothing we couldn't do at home. The potatoes were really good though-- not overly fried or seasoned. 2) Chicken and a Biscuit. A huuuge piece of crispy fried white meat balanced on a flavorful biscuit. Topped with an egg (I asked for mine scrambled, which they were happy to do) with a flavorful sausage gravy and greens on the side. I'm not sure how one could make sausage gravy look appealing, and I've got to be honest, the look turned me off for a minute. Without being too frank, the peach-orange color and chunks of sausage an corn looked a little bit... uh... gross. That being said, once you get past that, it's really delicious! I swear! The greens on the side were a nice way to balance the heavy dish. 3) Chocolate Pancakes. To. Die. For. But they might as well remove the "pan" part. Between the chocolate in the batter and the chocolate buttercream on top, it's really a dessert. In all, it wasn't the healthiest breakfast, but we were there to go big, and we did. Everything was super tasty and our waitress was really nice, gave great recommendations, and was patient with our indecision on what to order.Also, it's great that they validate parking in the structure! And the place looks nice an stylish.
4	Stopped in for a slice of pie.  It was excellent!  I later found out that this place is owned by the same folks behind Monty's Blue Plate diner, which explained the amazing pie.  Service was spot on.  The dishes that other folks were eating looked outstanding, and I really want to go back to get real food soon.I almost forgot to mention that this is a beautiful space.  Modern, warm, and inviting, whoever designed this place knew what they were doing.
4	This is a fun one. Funky decor(robots and donuts are the ongoing theme), eclectic menu, and friendly staff.This place was HOPPIN' on a Sunday around 9:30--but the waitstaff told us it would only get busier by 11(which is when the apps and lunch items roll out). We were able to get seated at the counter, though, which I actually think I'd prefer. It was comfortable and we were helped right away. I chose the shrimp and grits and a horchata latte. The dish was good, but my egg was a bit underdone. Clear, raw egg white goo nestled up to my lovely yolk and that gives me the heebies. The latte had good flavor. They brew Collectivo(formerly Alterra) beans, and make their own horchata. Unfortunately, they make it sooooo sweet, I won't be ordering it again. I couldn't even finish half my mug. Maybe we could have an unsweetened version, or at least chill out on the sugar?I forbid my boyfriend to order his standard meat, egg, bread combo--(here it's 'merican style). I can do that t home for $1.98, dude. So, he rolled his eyes and got the corned beef hash. This is chunks of brisket, not the weird canned dog food looking stuff. He also got a donut to go, but didn't eat it until the next day...so we won't pass judgement because it wasn't fresh.The validated parking is the cherry on top! It's nice to not have to jockey for a downtown parking spot before you've even had your cup of coffee.
5	The most important part of Basset Street Brunch Club: I have waited my entire life for a server at a restaurant to ask me, "Interested in donuts to start?" YES. Always.Jokes aside, though, I really enjoyed Bassett Street Brunch Club. My friend and I had a 15-20 minute wait, which was totally fine for Sunday brunch time (11:30). Our server was very friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was fun - I didn't completely "get" the robot decor, but I think I like it.First, the drinks: my friend had a bloody mary, which she said was just okay. I loved that they have horchata, and as a Rumchata lover, the spike horchata was a good choice.The food was also awesome. I started with a chocolate glazed donut with crushed hazelnuts on top (Nutella donut, anyone?). My friend ordered a peanut butter glazed one with Corn Pops on top. Both were very good, but having lived near Greenbush Bakery for a year, I can't honestly say Bassett has the best donuts I've ever tasted.After the donut course (I can't believe I just got to say that), I ordered the Mac Attack, which was a generous bowl of pasta shells with cheese sauce, shredded parmesan, green onion, kale, and butternut squash. For me, this was probably the best part of the meal.I liked everything about Bassett Street Brunch Club, and I can't wait to try more of their donuts, but I'm really excited to check out the rest of their savory entrees.
3	The food was average, nothing special despite the "unique" menu.  I was put off by the lack of normal brunch options.  You can't get regular pancakes.  The French toast has onions and hollandaise sauce on it amongst other weird things.  Everything on the menu has some sort of kale or arugula or something.  It gave the feeling that they were trying too hard to be trendy.  The service was a bit slow despite it being not very busy.  The coffee was good though.  Haven't tried the doughnuts.  All in all I was a bit disappointed.
5	After missing the frozen screwdrivers due to an ice machine malfunction, and thanks to their wonderful owner, I was able to finally enjoy a frozen screwdriver while waiting for my ride home on Wednesday afternoon. It was just as delicious as I thought it would be! A+ for food and A++ for awesome service.
4	The newest addition to the Food Fight family...this little spot is a fresh urban diner in downtown Madison.  When we arrived it seemed bustling but we had a very short wait for a table and ended up in a booth.  The energy was great and service was prompt and cheery for breakfast!   We placed our order and our food was out quickly and was delish!We started with one of their housemade donuts (flavors change daily) in chocolate hazelnut and it was very "adult' and a great breakfast appetizer!  We then ordered the farmers hash which included brussel sprouts and sweet potatoes...a little off the beaten path but scrumptious!  We also tried their version of eggs benedict, which was outstanding!  A zesty hollandaise sauce laden with sun-dried tomatoes and topped with crisp prosciutto set this dish apart!  We also ordered a side of the aged cheddar grits topped with bacon and scallions and they were as fabulous as I was expecting...not too mushy and full of flavor.  As an added bonus they serve Collectivo (formerly Alterra) coffee and have raw sugar on the table in a shaker!Can't wait to go back and try their other dishes...a great spot if you're looking for breakfast / brunch in downtown Madison!
3	I'm sorry. I really am. I wanted to love this place. Not that I think donuts are anything to write home about, and I don't think a restaurant that stays open past 3 should be called a brunch club, but that's just me and the weird things that bother me.Our service was ok, an over-friendly waitress (they exist, I'm sorry. She was a bit inappropriate) And an order of ravioli that as horribly cooked. Turns out they don't make it themselves (but do get it locally). Traded it in for a sandwich and soup, which were both delicious.But they didn't offer us any comp for the horrible first dish. The waitress even told us the chef tried it and agreed it was bad. I just feel like to get a customer to come back you should do SOMETHING nice. A donut for crying out loud? SOMETHING? But alas. Wine was meh (would have liked to see more of a selection or a cheap house wine). I feel like I'm being generous with 3 stars but I also believe in second chances and maybe a weird night/weird waitress. Bummer!
4	This will be short and sweet... Went at 11:30 on a weekday. Business was slow. Loved all the windows and the decor. I had a bagel and lox. I was super impressed when my meal arrived. It was in a segmented "bento box". Cute and functional. Toasted crispy Gotham everything bagel, cream cheese, pickled onions (fab!), a generous serving of delicious lox, olives, tomato and lettuce. Hit the spot.Excellent friendly service. Didn't realize you can park there for free. Wish I had known.Too many mediocre Food Fight restaurants... D-Luxe, Texas Tubbs, Hubbard St Diner. I plan to return to Bassett Street Brunch. I hope I still feel the same way after trying a variety of their dishes.
4	My first trip to the brunch club was a great success. Our meals were great, the coffee was hot, and the service was top notch (especially considering we were there on a game day and it was pretty packed). I ordered one of my all-time favorite things: chicken & a biscuit. I find fried chicken and gravy to be a most excellent breakfast food. It has that meatiness that I like in the morning, gravy, bread, and tons of flavor - but way less greasy fattiness. Anyway, they did a fabulous job. The gravy was awesome, the chicken was crispy and flavorful, and the apple-bacon salad was super nice. Seriously great breakfast dish.The two others I was eating with both gave glowing reviews of their meals as well. If I remember right, they ordered the chilaquiles and the savory french toast. I also ordered a donut. Now, donuts are kind of a big deal to me. I have high standards for places that claim to make the best donuts, and unfortunately these are not it. I went for the oreo/cookies and cream. Now, it wasn't bad...but it was dry, didn't have much flavor, and there was too much (yes, too much!) oreo topping. Greenbush and People's Bakery will still be my go to spots for donuts. I will try a plain glazed or a cake donut next time. So, the beside the donut everything was great. I will definitely be back and I am really excited to try some of their specials down the road.
3	Bassett Street Brunch Club offers a ton of unique brunch dishes. I went with a group of coworkers and we started with the donut hole/chicken finger dish. Delicious and the sauces for the chicken were yummy. I ordered the chilaquiles, which were ok; however, the chicken that wasn't covered in sauce did not have much flavor. The whole dish needed more sauce. Wouldn't order again. A coworker ordered the savory french toast, which was amazing! Totally ordering that next time. Everyone else seemed to like their food. Service was attentive and they split the check with no problem, but the server got some things wrong (ex. I had a coffee on my bill and didn't order coffee, something else wrong with someone else's check) and it took them a LONG time to fix it. Will definitely try it again!
4	We went here today and this place is very good. It is a retro/hipster/trendy (but friendly and inviting) place with a little robot motif, fixtures from the '60s and cocktails! Every table has a plug and wifi so you can hang out while you eat the tasty food. Most of the dishes have a 'veggie' bent to them, so it is a bit healthy . . . except for the donuts! We had the plain glazed and it was super fresh and not too sweet, so it was good with my loose-leaf tea and wife's upscale coffee. Super creamy and tasty yogurt and I got a salad with my chicken & biscut.  It is right by the campus, but off of State Street so it has a college vibe, but quiet, too. Full bar and full of flavor. Try it out. I put only 4 stars because if you want some standard combos for breakfast (bacon/fried eggs/ hash browns) they don;t have those traditional combos. Check the menu first.
3	We went here recently with two friends when our thanksgiving trips overlapped. We were just getting back from red-eye, so understandably we were tired.  The food was good, I got their corned beef hash (which they make themselves), and my wifey got the farmer's hash.  The corned beef was great and hit the spot, though the scrambled eggs in the farmer's hash was rubbery (overcooked).  Our dining partners seemed to get inconsistent servings however; the other corned beef plate had *much less* beef and made up the difference with potatoes.While this place tries screams breakfast, it mostly feels like a Monty's that is downtown... which isn't necessarily a bad thing; it's just not different.  I just felt like this place was missing the 'breakfasty' vibe.  Maybe that's a consequence of its short lifespan so far, but nothing was super notable.  This place doesn't have soul yet..They validate parking too, you can just pull into the hotel parking lot and you get a 2hr free pass :)
5	In the midst of an awful hangover, I got the savory French toast and a spiked horchata and it changed my life. Good service, great food and a very cool setting make for a perfect "morning after" hangout. Can't recommend their "wake up calls" menu enough.
3	I really wanted to love this place. I have a great history of loving Food Fight restaurants, and on paper this place had a good chance of being my favorite. Brunch all day? Awesome! Full drink menu! Fantastic! Convenient downtown location? Sign me up!Unfortunately, things don't always work out as well as I want them to. I've been here twice and I'll comment on the most recent outing. We arrived at about 3pm on a Saturday and the restaurant is soaked in eye-level blinding light. They gave us a booth that was in the shade but ten minutes later the sun moved and I had to sit next to my wife to preserve my eyes. No big deal. I had a great Manhattan (seriously, it's really good) on the way. It should be noted now that I love their drink menu. And they have a scotch selection that is better than most bars. Seriously, Oban 14? You don't see that around. Even Malt House doesn't have it.Anyway, I ordered the corned beef reuben and my wife got chilaquiles. My reuben was about 50% bread, 35% cabbage, and 15% pastrami, which was a bit chewy. They also forgot to put the 1000 island dressing on it, so I had to ask the waitress for it and got it on the side. The chilaquiles were not chilaquiles. They were "chilaquiles". Imagine if you took bread crumbs and put cooked ground beef on top of it and called it a "burger". Go ahead and look up chilaquiles. What they serve here is fried tortilla chips with some sauce and chicken dumped on top. I see another reviewer commented on the chilaquiles not having enough sauce. Seriously, go to Eldorado and try theirs. When we commented on the c hilaquiles being much different than any other chilaquiles we've had elsewhere, the waitress was nice enough to talk to the manager and get that dish comped, which we weren't really asking for, but it's a great gesture that shows good customer service. Unfortunately the manager had to come by later and let us know that the menu really explained the dish pretty well, so (this went unsaid, I just inferred it) really we should've know what we were getting. Regardless, they gave us the dish for free, which was very nice.I struggled with a 2 vs 3 rating. It's definitely above average and I feel like they are pretty new and still have some menu and food issues to work out. I think if you stick to straight brunch items and booze, you can't go wrong. I'm willing to try it again sometime in the future if things change, but as of now I feel like they've fallen short of my expectations for a Food Fight brunch restaurant.
5	Had breakfast there. Simple yet delicious! Very nice atmosphere, prompt service! Great place!
4	Let me start off by saying I wish I could rate this 4.5 stars. My friend and I went to BSBC last week and so many things looked appealing to us that we ended up ordering 4 entrees to split between the two of us.2 of the entrees we ordered I would give 4 stars and the other 2 I'd give 5 stars...Butternut and Blue Salad- 5 STARS. This is easily one of my favorite salads that I can remember having. Super unique flavors that all compliment each other extremely well. On top of that, the portion was wonderfully large so it could actually be filling if that's all you choose to order.Chicken Cimichurri- 4 STARS. Really tasty sandwich that I'd definitely order again sometime. We ordered it with tater tots, which were good, but I'd recommend ordering it with the tomato soup that they have. I didn't try it, but I think the combo would be awesome and our server vouched for the soup.Mac Attack- 4 STARS. I thought this was quite delicious and a unique, upscale take on an old favorite, but my friend wasn't a big fan. It didn't have your typical cheeses and included both butternut squash and kale, which I thought was very tasty but if you think you're ordering standard Mac, you may be thrown off a little.Ravioli- 5 STARS. My friend and I both agreed this was our favorite. Not much to say except for the fact it was delicious and we both wished the portion was larger.BSBC is known for their breakfast and doughnuts and we didn't take advantage of either during this visit, but based on how much I enjoyed our dinner I'll definitely be back!
2	I wanted to like it - but yeah, it was a meh experience.  Went for an early dinner so had a sandwich and fries and yeah - nothing special.  Not a place I need to go back to.
4	This whole day was a blur, but I walked there on a Sunday after we got about a foot of snow - I'm glad I made the trek! I knew I wanted breakfast and it was about 3pm, so a place that serves it all day is certainly the place for me! I went 'Merican Style for eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. Bassett Street Brunch Club is a place that instead of giving you little jam packets for your toast, gives you a jar of fresh jam (not used to seeing that - but makes the spread that much better).I sat up at the bar for my meal and found both bartenders to be friendly and attentive. From what I could tell, sitting in the booths looked cozy and comfortable. Looking around at what other patrons ordered has me excited to come back and try other options on the menu.I also enjoyed the decor, very appealing to the eye and has a classic/retro feel. I could see catching a sports game there too, they have plenty of flat screens (technically not fitting in that retro theme, but hey, can't hurt to have a touch of modern).
4	I decided to stop back in since it had been about a month since my last visit and I wanted to check-in on how things are going. Well, the results were outstanding! I started things off with the wake-up beer (a shot of espresso mixed with a glass of House of Brews oatmeal stout) which was really fantastic. I have had espresso mixed with beer once before - 2 shots mixed with pbr - which was nice, but this was just something else. It was like drinking a pint of creamy, carbonated, coffee. For my meal I had one of the specials - biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs and fried potatoes. The potatoes were crispy and flavorful, the eggs were... eggs (I'm not a big egg person), and the biscuits and gravy were...oh man....the biscuits.Can we talk about the biscuits for a second? Holy. Buckets. I could just eat an entire plate of the damn things. While I may hate myself between bites, it just wouldn't matter. Anyway, the corn and sausage gravy was great but there was barely enough of it to cover the biscuit. That was actually rather disappointing. It was so busy that I didn't get a chance to ask for more gravy before I saw my waitress again (who was great considering how swamped she was), but in the end it was still a great meal.This spot will hopefully get bumped into my monthly rotation if for no other reason than I want to have that wake-up beer and a biscuit on the regular.
4	Bassett Street Brunch Club is best described as your low-key but put-together best friend. With robots and donuts as mascots, the food isn't designed for delicate palates, but it's hard to go wrong in Wisconsin when you show that deep fryer some love and serve up diner-inspired fare with fresh ingredients. Their unlimited coffee tasted distinctly Colectivo, and I had about two seconds to admire the nice sheen of coffee oils on top before slurping them into my morning face. Their risen donuts are denser than expected in a satisfying way, like squeezing a fluffy stuffed unicorn with your teeth. My dining companion was a fan of the Spring Break Diet bowl filled with brown rice and black beans, coaxed by queso fresco and creamy avocado. The Farmer's Hash with sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts had all the ingredients I never knew to long for in the morning, and made me think twice about neglecting rosemary in my own cooking.  Validated parking at the Hampton Inn next door provided respite from a busy street like Johnson. While the brunch-a-lots will have this place packed on the weekends, the pleasant waiting experience in the hotel lobby and the location's accessibility will make this a regular go-to spot for my last-minute morning meetups.
5	Addicted to this place. Could be to the fact that I live about two blocks away, love brunch food but really I've never been disappointed. Food aways tasty, service is friendly. They forgot to give me utensils once but gave me a free donut. Wish they were open 24/7. Follow them on Facebook and Istagram for great promos.
4	Free parking?! Wish i did my research.  I walked in freezing from my walk and was immediately seated.  My server (Ben) was fabulous, he suggested two different teas out of their plethora of loose leaf- i chose his suggestion of Lemon ginger.  This actually tasted closer to lemongrass white tea so if you're not a fan- stay away from that.  I tried the breakfast bar - roti with chicken.  This take on the breakfast burrito is a great idea.  It had a rocket style salad on top to give it a little more savory. While tasty I would try it again with shrimp.  I closed my meal with Peppermint Patty Warm Up (tasty drink with Peppermint schnapps).  I will come back again and try another dish.  I'd recommend coming and go for breakfast regardless of the time of day!
4	This place is one of my new favorites!  So many yummy choices on the menu, it was hard to decide.  Sat at the bar counter with my husband and it was quaint AND we didn't have to wait on a busy Sunday.  Service was awesome, food great.  Park at the hotel and they will validate your parking.  It is worth checking out!
5	First visit: 2/2/14, 8:45amI teetered between 4- and 5-stars; giving benefit of the doubt and going with 5. First impressions are huge, and BSBC definitely left a positive one.Seated immediately; just beat the rush. I'd suggest arriving prior to 9:30, or be prepared to wait for a seat.+ LOVE the interior - seamless blend of mid century modern with 21st century cool+ Awesome bar area; top notch selections+ Great background music mix+ Tap selection, while limited (6?) is top notch; so many good ones available- Taps are a bit pricey; most are around $5+ Everything on the menu looked better than the next; too many tasty options+ Ordered coffee and water to start; huge coffee cups and the coffee was outstanding+ Also ordered a Wake Up Beer- Definitely not worth $6.50; love the concept, didn't enjoy the taste as much as the idea of it+ Mimosa: tasty+ Bloody Mary (spicy): OMG. I've never, ever, ever enjoyed a Bloody Mary... but this was excellent. Salt-and-pepper rim, not too watery, not too thick, perfectly spicy... wow. Generous chaser sealed the deal+ Donut with sprinkles: wow. Yummy. Do they add little malt to the batter? Dunno, but it's uncluckingbelievablegood+ Breakfast Burr-oti: the guajillo chili sauce is to die for; it makes the meal. The flatbread was the perfect thickness and had a nice little chew under the crispy exterior. The avocado and black bean salad sealed the deal. + Farmer's hash: another win. Perfectly roasted veggies, perfectly prepared eggs (poached), and a no-hassle substitution from toast to greens. Can't ask for more.- Only downside; our server was a bit flaky and absent. She forgot a few items, didn't refill water (despite asking twice), forgot the donut, and just seemed distracted. She was nice, but scattered.The cool thing about this place is I'd be just as comfortable (and likely pleased) sitting at the bar enjoying a happy hour cocktail or three. Which, I will likely do in the very near future...
5	One of my new favorite brunch spots. I went around 11am last Saturday and the place was absolutely packed. The wait was 45mins or the bar was seat yourself. I definitely recommend waiting for your table near the bar as seats opened up about 10mins after we got there. We had mimosas and the frozen screwdriver - both were great.. The menu is unique, they have omelets, pancakes etc. but all of the items have some sort of unique twists. I had the "spring break diet" which was essentially huevos rancheros but served with corn tortillas, black beans and brown rice. I was completely stuffed when I left and still had a huge box of leftovers. They have a ton of gluten free options as well which is always appreciated and the service is great. Parking is limited so expect to have to park elsewhere.
3	Bassett Street Brunch Club has a lot going for it--dope donuts, great coffee (Colectivo, a Milwaukee homebrew and Madison favorite), and a pretty fun atmosphere. People have said great things about the frozen screwdrivers, as well. However, to get my go-ahead, it's going to have to take it a little further. In general, I find the food to be pretty good, but not mind-blowing for the relatively expensive prices. My bloody mary had none of the great snacks that Wisconsin bloodies are famous for, although the pickle garnish was pretty delicious. The farmer's hash is excellent, but otherwise the breakfast options are lacking. And only two types of pancakes? CmonnnBut, if you're going for a convenient place to nurse a hangover with your friends, it's not a bad place to settle down. There's almost always a wait on weekend mornings (to be expected, I mean, it's in the name....) so be sure to plan ahead!
3	Basset is not amazing, but it is a great location. There are not many places to eat brunch/breakfast near campus, so this place does the job.They serve great coffee but their bloody marys' are not worth the cost.Some portions are HUGE while others are really small. Just basic food, nothing to WOW at.
2	I came to Brunch Club about a month ago. I was excited to come here but very disappointed with my experience! I was sitting at a square table that was fairly close to the kitchen, but wish I would have been seated at one of their big booths. First, I saw food sitting in the window for a long time. This included my own French toast while my husbands meal was being prepared. Second, I have an issue with whom I believe was the on duty manager. He stopped to a table right next to mine (I believe they were friends of his) to chat and ask how everything was, yet did not stop to ask me and my husband how our food was. I found this rude! Had he stopped at my table I could have to him I did not like my soggy French toast! I did give it 2 stars because the menu was creative (both food and drinks). They had a lot of options. This restaurant has potential, but execution is lacking. Unfortunately I won't be back any time soon. Bad service is never fun!
4	I typically don't give five stars on a first visit, I want to see that restaurants are consistent with service and quality.  I was, like others, on the borderline between four and five stars.The Friday fish fry was divine. I didn't order it, but I definitely ate this off my sig other's plate. The cole slaw wasn't too runny with mayonnaise, just about the right acidity of a slaw.Their fries were unique in that they were steak cut.The shrimp and grits were awesome. I've had this dish at the Great Dane in Fitchburg before, and it was good, but this had an interesting tomato and green onion touch with a runny sunny side up egg topper.  The chicken and donut appetizers were excellent, the sauces were nice.  I really  like the decore of the place.You can park in the Hampton Inn lot above the restaurant, for up to four hours of free validation with your meal.   Finally, a place in this part of town that would be a nice place to eat within walking distance of the south side of UW.
4	The wait was really long and that was a bummer because the smells were amazing. I personally didn't think the coffee was great....The banana foster french toast with pecans was literally like biting into heaven and having it explode in your mouth. Highly recommend. It really made my day. We also ordered the breakfast burrito with roasted chicken. This was also amazing, however the construction and the harder burrito shell made it difficult to eat. Also a little too ornamental for my liking, but tasted great.Overall a great visit, I'm sure will only get better with time.
4	Ironically, I still haven't had any of their brunch items yet, but I definitely will (I promise!).Aside from that, they have some delish sweets.From their fried chicken and donut balls to their individual donuts (the caramel and oreo cookie ones were nom), you will be sure to find something to satisfy your sweet tooth.The servers here are also so friendly and fun! Big props to them for letting us use their space to shoot a video!Oh, and they make a mean margarita. While not particularly strong in alcohol content, it more than makes up for it with its strong taste. One part I didn't really get was that this place seems like it would be a very family-centric stop, especially with its name and the type of food they offer. However, they've got a full bar with bottles of alcohol lined up against the wall, which would make you think otherwise. Oh well.Anyways, look out for an update later when I've had a chance to try the rest of their menu!
5	My husband and I love to find different breakfast places and this is the spot. Great breakfast. Great atmosphere and great coffee what more could you ask for!
5	We stopped in for a late-afternoon brunch on Sunday. We were told there was a wait, but an attentive hostess watched the lunch counter for us and came up with two seats in half the promised time.I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes, which where the moistest, fluffiest, best pancakes that have ever been in my mouth. The lemon ricotta topping and blueberry jam were sweet, tart, and delicious. Both tasted homemade.My companion ordered the corned beef hash, which he rated as good but it seemed to be the same recipe that Monty's (also Food Fight) uses.The doughnuts and pastries floating around looked delicious and there were a wide variety available.
2	If I had to sum this place up in one word, it would be Blah. I've been here twice, and both times I was sure it would great given the large and diverse menu. I was here both times with a group of five, and it's nice when everyone leaves happy. Alas, that doesn't happen here.The first time, I ordered the savory French toast. It literally tasted like nothing. Nothing. My friend said she nearly went into a diabetic coma with the chocolate pancakes, but I think that can be expected with such a dish. Everyone else's dish was also mediocre, but the tater tots were a big hit.Though it takes more that potato puffs to win me over, we decided to give this place another try. It certainly is conveniently located. I ordered the Mac Attack, which somehow tasted just like the savory French toast. The only thing I could sort of taste were the sweet potatoes. I ate the entire bowl and still felt unsatisified.Both times we had good service. I've like my drinks (a proper daiquiri, not a Slushie), and the doughnuts are decent. Honestly, though, I love anything with Oreos on it and I ordered a "chocolate" fought which turned out to be chocolate glazed. I'm not 25 anymore (and maybe that is their target market), so doughnuts and booze alone aren't enough to win me over.
4	A friend was in town, and we hit Bassett street at 11:00 AM peak brunch time on a Saturday. Not reading the website, we wound up parking by the overture and had a walk on a particularly cold day. Note you can park at Hampton Inn for four hours for free. With a forty- five minute wait, we decided to get some warm beverages (saving the alcohol for later), the person behind the bar looked at us like it was not a reasonable request- even though they have a sign  for "to-go" warm drinks. The wait was a little chaotic with people waiting in the hotel lobby, and by the entrance. If anyone needs a buzzer or cell phone system, this place does. That said the host was pretty nice, and our server was really good. The decor is fun, the donut paintings at the back win points for being entertaining. It works. The food had a few misses - That said their menu had some very creative things that definitely deserves trip back. Drinks:I myself wound up having three drinks: the Hot chocolate, horchata and bellini. The hot chocolate I had while waiting, and could not finish it. It was really bad, Swiss Miss is better. I cannot believe it was Gail Ambrosius's- they need to do something about that. But the bellini was spot on: right amount of alcohol for a brunch. The horchata was pretty darn good too. There were the three of us and we tried each others food, so here is the break down:Fried Chicken & Donuts ( appetizer): The chicken was fried perfectly but a little bland, the donut holes were average.  The sauces creamy honey sriracha and lemon peppercorn ranch- were pretty good. Chillaquiles: This was a miss- it did not work, and it was my main dish :( Corned beef hash: Good, if a little small portionPastrami Reuben: It worked - it was perfect. Maple- Bacon Donut- Eaten few hours later, I hear was pretty good. This I did not try. But here is small thing that elevates this place. There were three of us- two were on one check, and one separate. The server actually asked how we wanted the check ( its a tiny pet peeve of mine- that they often don't). Then split the appetizer 1/3 and 2/3. Its a tiny thing- but its really convenient little feature.
4	I came here with 3 others during their busy time on Saturday morning (around noon), we had an hour wait, but I really wanted to try this restaurant so the rest of the party sucked it up and waited with me.We decided to order some drinks - their Bloody Mary is pretty good, the sweet pickles are delicious. I ordered a frozen screwdriver while we were eating - it tasted like an orange dreamsicle but was a bit too much sweetness for me to finish.The wait seemed to last forever, but they allow you to sit out in a lobby area which is nice because then you aren't crammed by the bar.Me and one other ordered the Spring Break Diet, over easy eggs on mine. It was delicious! Served with corn tortillas really made it hit the spot. One other in our group ordered the Eggs Benedict - now this is something I would get if we come back again! The last person in the group ordered the double chocolate pancakes.. I mean these were pure chocolate, like a big 'ol brownie. He is a pancake and sweets lover and he said they were the best cakes he has ever had. Ordered some donuts to try later on and we also enjoyed those. They had good consistency and were just the right amount of sweet.Overall delicious but recommend coming during their slower hours!
2	This place is receiving rave reviews, but I think there are much better brunch places in Madison: Lazy Jane's, Marigold, Graze...I met a friend for brunch at 11:30 AM on a Saturday. A good hour wait and couldn't get a bartender's attention to order a drink. More bartenders, please! Once seated, we each ordered bellinis, but received mimosas. I like mimosas, and it was busy, so we didn't complain.I ordered the burrito. It was fine, but not great. My friend ordered pancakes that arrived only half cooked. After waiting so long to get a table and order, we didn't have time to send anything back. We decided to share a donut. Again, it was fine but did not match the hype.We split our checks and I discovered a few days later that the waitress ran my card through for both our meals. I discovered it in my credit card statement, and my friend looked at her statement to find she wasn't charged at all. This is a very amateur mistake!This place does not match the hype for food or service. I will not make an effort to return.
3	We went as a family of Five to try the Donut's. The wait staff seemed confused when we just wanted a donut but one person wanted to order a meal. After that it went smoothly. We ordered 4 donuts they were OK not too sweet . The kids were disappointed in the flavor of choices, sprinkles, glaze, Oreo, and a bacon. We were there at 930 am . The donuts were dry. They did bring etch a sketch for the kids to play with they were a hit. We will go back to try the main menu.
3	I ordered the avocado toast which was tasty.  However, there were neither roasted tomatoes nor caramelized onions on my plate as menu describes.  Ordered a plain horchata for my child and the bartender made me a horchata with a shot of espresso instead. Waiter was friendly, but we had to ask several times for water and a highchair. Husband ordered the chicken and biscuit which he reported was lacking flavor.  Free parking in hotel ramp is nice.
2	4/16/14 - Quick update: received a note from BSBC management addressing the problems - they're genuinely interested in making things better, so I'll be back soon to give them another shot. Take this review for what it is, and expect an update soon.So.... I've been back a few times since my first visit on 2/2/14. I'm sad to say that things aren't as rosy as they were a few months ago.- The bar service is *terrible* - it takes *FOREVER* to get anyone's attention, let alone a drink. The bartenders are friendly - it's just that there aren't enough of them, and they're not terribly efficient.- On my last visit, I ordered (at the suggestion of our server) the "chocolate macadamia nut donut." Our server said that this donut was "amazing" and "unreal." What comes to mind when you hear the words, "macadamia, donut, chocolate, amazing, and unreal?" I'll give you a second.... now - cold splash of reality - did you picture a semi-stale raised donut with dried chocolate glaze and 4 - count them, four- dried-out macadamia nuts on top? Well, that's what you'll get.- The egg dishes have become over-cooked, dried-out, bland shells of what they previously were. The Chilaquiles were previously bursting with crisp chips and an awesomely smoky guajillo sauce. The last visit presented us with soggy, grease-laden chips and nary a sign of the guajillo sauce. Our server apologized for it, and brought a tin of salsa to help add flavor. :-(- The bloody mary's are meh. Man, they were so good not that long ago... now they're watery, boring, and unexciting. The extra spicy version is acceptable, but you have to remember to ask for it.- Parking... it's not really under their control or their fault, but - the ramp is *always* full, so you're left to hunt around for a parking spot. To compound the challenge, during my last two visits, the "FULL" indicator didn't work on the ramp, so you were enticed to approach the gate, only to discover that it was full via the little ticket dispenser. By then, another car would inevitably pull-in behind you, so you had to do that awkward hand-wave thing to show that the ramp was full and try to get the other guy to back-up to let you work your way out of the entrance... grr.I'm afraid this place has fallen victim to success. It seems like they're *soooo* slammed on the weekends that they simply can't keep up. Severe lack of seating, super slow bar service, crummy donuts, slow table service (although the servers are super friendly), and lackluster food... Top it off with the fact that our 4-top's recent brunch bill totaled $81, and I'm left scratching my head. Oh - also, that $81 didn't include a $27 bar bill that we incurred while waiting for our table. All prices were pre-tip... for $108 before tip (for four), I'd expect *much* better. *sigh*It's such a cool spot and a great idea. I hope it turns back up.
5	Great food, great service. During my stay at the Hampton Inn, I got both the Savory French Toast and the Mac Attack, and both were delicious. Definitely will come back when I return to Madison!
4	I love Bassett Street Brunch Club!I'm here close to every weekend and still am not bored with the food options! I almost always start with an Horchata Latte; I love the mix of sweetness and a bit of spice. Next, my friends and I usually get the Fried Chicken & Donuts appetizer, the sriracha honey sauce that comes on the side is delicious!My friends and I have covered a good amount of the brunch menu and our favorites so far are:Savory French ToastEggs Benedicto (my favorite!)Chicken & A Biscuit (great, even better with a side of the sriracha honey sauce)ChilaquilesOatmeal Creme BruleeService has always been great, no matter how busy! It does get quite busy during brunch hours, but it's easy to grab a drink at the bar and find a seat in the hotel lobby. Bassett Street Brunch Club is must try!
4	My lovely wife took me out for my birthday breakfast, had the Farmers Hash w/poached eggs, wifey had Buttermilk Pancakes w/strawberries & choc chips, both excellent meals, service was awesome and drinks were excellent as well. A bit pricey but overall a good experience. We'll be back for the specials on Tuedays
3	I walk past this all the time, but didn't get around to going until last night.  I got the eggs Benedict, which come with pesto, poached egg, candied prosciutto, and a sun dried tomato hollandaise sauce. It was good, although the candied prosciutto didn't add much -- I wish there were more of it. Everyone else at my table loved their food, too. I'm really excited to go back and try the farmer's hash! I gave it three stars because the service was insanely slow. There were four of us and it took a half an hour to get our food. The server was training another one, but I'm not sure why that made the kitchen impossibly slow. Especially considering the other people at my table got sandwiches and pancakes, the wait for our food was ridiculous.
5	There was a bit of a wait when I went but opting to sit at the bar cut down on the wait time considerably.DEFINITELY get a donut. We tried both the maple bacon one and the chocolate hazelnut one. The chocolate hazelnut was good but probably something you could get at any standard coffee shop. The maple bacon one, however, is a must try. The bacon pieces were a little large for my liking and I wish they had broken up the pieces more and dispersed it on the donut more evenly but I might be being a little too picky.Drinks are good too. The spiked horchata was a bit strong for our liking but the frozen screwdriver was perfect. It's like an alcoholic orange julius, if that's your thing.AND THE FOOD! So many options! If you like brunch, you'll be really happy here. I know I have to go back at least two or three more times with friends so I can sample everything I want to try! I ended up getting the Croque Madame with a side of slaw, and both were very good. I probably wouldn't get it again because nothing about it screamed *special* though.My friend got french toast, which came topped with candied pecans, chunks of banana and maple syrup. It looked amazing and tasted amazing.My other friend got the Brunch Club omelette which she loved, clearly since she devoured it in like 10 minutes.All in all, really good food, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere. It's worth the wait.
5	I loved the atmosphere of this place. On top of that the food was amazing. I got the Buttermilk Pancakes with strawberries and a side of eggs. The pancakes were absolutely delicious and gigantic, and I couldn't finish them despite wanting to. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who loves breakfast food!
4	Went back here- still chaotic- Again AWESOME!!!Ate at the bar!! Seeing a much better bartender behind the bar- dared to try a hot chocolate again. It was much better!! I am not sure if it was the to go cup, or the weird bar tender last time- but this time the the hot chocolate was much BETTER. Also OMG- if you eat meat- MUST try the chicken and biscuit. It is AWESOME!!!!!! Its HUGE too- so good for sharing.  Also for the vegetarians and meat eaters- get the fried asparagus ( its seasonal I assume will go away shortly)- add some siracha in the aoil- its also delightful.
4	I came here with a fellow yelper around 10:30am on a Friday morning.  It was shaping up to be an uncomfortably hot day, but it was not yet unbearable at 10am that we requested to sit outside under some shade.  Thankfully their patio tables had some umbrellas to provide our desired shade. Since it was National Donut Day when we visited, we shared a maple bacon donut.  It was maple glazed with bits of bacon on top.  It was tasty, but my favorite donuts are still at Greenbush.  Still, I give this place props for the variety and creativity in their donut flavors.  We also ordered and shared shrimp and grits and their lox box.  The lox box came in a bento box with a Gotham's Bagels' Everything bagel, two pieces of cured salmon, and all the fixings you could want such as herbed cream cheese, pickled red onions, olives, sliced tomatos, lettuces, and capers.  We each took a half a bagel and fixed ourselves one of a deliciously decadent lox topped bagel.  The pickled onions added a really nice acidity with a touch of sweetness.  The shrimp and grits were tasty, but I found it heavy and the shrimp a bit overcooked.  I think the tomato sauce that they put over it was meant to balance out the heaviness of the dish, but it just made a saucy mess.  I'd definitely come back here for the lox box, but not so much for the shrimp and grits.
4	Our breakfast was excellent.  The lemon ricotta pancakes were truly inspired.  Unfortunately our waiter-- while friendly-- was too busy eating, chatting with other waiters, and generally goofing off, so our service was sub-par.
5	Fantastic. Great on a Sunday at noon and even better on a Friday at 2 am. The bloody mary tastes clean, flavorful, and awesome, the biscuits and gravy are savory delicious, and the gluten free pancakes taste surprisingly glutenous.
4	Everybody loves brunch, even a gigantic looming robot (which is what Bassett's interesting mascot).My girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch to find this joint PACKED with college students. The host told us that the wait would be about an hour. Luckily, we learned that anyone can skip the line by eating at the bar and found a couple seats at the end. I like to sit by my boo-thang, anyway...I love egg yolk on biscuits, so I could not order the Eggs Benedict? I love horchata, too, so I ordered their latte version.Everything was pretty solid, although, I think the dish could go without the hard bacon pieces sprinkled on top. I washed my EB down with a my sweet, cinnamon-y, and smooth horchata latte. I should've gotten two!Great and friendly service! I would definitely consider returning if I was back on campus/ my college dayz hood. Go Badgers!
4	I enjoy this place quite a bit. I've only ever ordered off their breakfast menu, so I can't speak to the other menu items, but everything I've had has been quite good- the farmer's hash, shrimp and grits, lemon blueberry ricotta pancakes, and my personal favorite, the breakfast bur"roti". The horchata is a glass of rich rice-y goodness, and the Collectivo coffee is a fab accompaniment. And don't forget the donuts; good lord that besprinkled ring of deep-fried dough is tasty. So why not 5 stars? I just can't put my finger on it, but I feel like the place lacks a bit of charm. It feels sort of business-y tucked into the bottom of a hotel, and I get this corporate air from the place. So the food has yet to disappoint, but there is still just something missing for me (hence the 1-star deduction).
4	Definitely an interesting Brunch spot.  Being tucked away in a hotel I didn't know what to expect, especially given that there was the hotel's pleasant looking breakfast lounge next door, but Food Fight has another winner on their hands here.  My wife and I went during peak brunch hours and it was busy with a variety of demographics, with everyone having a good time and lots of smiling faces.  We sat at the bar due to a long wait for a table, and it paid off because our bartenders were great (more on this in a bit).  We tried the bloody mary which I thought tasted good and unique, but more of the classy variety rather than food buffet.Then I saw the donuts.  Boy they are a marvelous site.  I'm not really a donut person, but these looked delicious and I immediately ordered one before my concious could say otherwise.  It was really really good, chocolate with sprinkled nuts, and you could tell it was freshly prepared that morning.  They have quite a few options, so absolutely indulge before your meal.  It's not greenbush level, but still a taste-tay treat.  World Cup Soccer was on TV at the bar, with just enough volume to hear and have conversation.  Job well done, an easy but often overlooked mission to accomplish.For our entrees we ordered the Chicken and Biscuit with Gravy and the Chilaquiles.  The former was nice and crumbly with a loveable gravy to dip in that wakes up your tastebuds nicely.  Sadly, the Chilaquiles had a really poor taste, almost like an overdone Mole sauce that was over everything.  My wife really didn't like it, and I had a bite and thought the same.  Both of us love Mexican food but this was just too much neo-fusion try-hard for us.Everyone hates to return a dish.  I rarely have ever done it, with the last time being about 3 years ago at Ha Long Bay which caused a manager to rudely berate us, try and charge us for two meals, and make a scene in the restaurant.  Mind you this is with a plate with literally one bite taken out of it.  Anyways, Bassett Street Brunch Club's bartender was a saint and deserves a medal for how she handled the situation.  "No problem", all smiles (genuine), friendly conversation, quickly swapped it out for a fresh dish (the spring break diet which was somewhat healthier and absolutely amazing), didn't charge us for EITHER meal, and offered my wife a free drink.  THAT is how you save a bad situation, get a huge tip, and win a customer over.  Congratulations, we will be back again, A+.Prices in general are reasonable, and they have a good menu selection.  The parking ramp is kind of a nightmare and beware of long waits, but otherwise this is worth putting on your shortlist.
4	I went here this past Sunday for a long overdue brunch with my wife. We had heard good things from our friends and had been wanting to give it a try for months. We were definitely not disappointed!We arrived at around 10 Sunday morning, prepared to wait for about an hour. Brunch spots get pretty packed on weekends and we fully expected a crowd, which there was. Luckily the hostess mentioned there were two seats open at the end of their full service bar, and we were able to skip the wait altogether. The bartenders were clearly very busy but both of the ones helping us were extremely friendly and efficient. We ordered a couple coffees to start (I believe it was Collectivo which my wife loves) and I ordered a grapefruit juice which was clearly freshly squeezed and delicious. Their menu (even while limited to just the breakfast items) is large and made deciding rather difficult. We asked one of the bartenders what he thought the best items were. He was very honest and explained he was a vegetarian and actually hadn't had most of the breakfast options (which I appreciated because when I ask employees what they like, I'm genuinely interested their in opinions, not just what's popular), but this worked out great since my wife is also vegetarian. He recommended the spring break diet (which my wife ordered) and one of the hashes, and also mentioned that several of the other items on the menu could be modified to be vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, etc. For me he recommended a couple items which he said other staff members were big fans of like the chicken and biscuit and the chilaquiles. I ordered the chicken and biscuit which came with a delicious gravy. The biscuit was a tad dry, but the gravy and the perfectly fried chicken more than made up for that. My wife loved the spring break diet, although she said it was a bit heavy on the rice and beans. She asked for an extra side of salsa which another bartender happily brought us right away. Problem solved! To close out our meal we split a chocolate hazelnut donut, baked fresh that morning in their kitchen. For as good as the food was the staff was even better. Maybe I just have bad luck, but a busy brunch shift and great service usually don't go hand in hand for me, and for how chaotic it can get that's understandable. My wife and I really appreciated the time the staff here took to be friendly and answer all of our questions despite their constant running around. I'll definitely be back soon!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Except that its always busy, and they don't take reservations. But can you blame them? The dishes are diverse and delicious. The bloodys are good. The outdoor seating is great for bringing dogs, and the indoor bar is wide and fairly private if you don't want to wait for a booth. And I haven't even had the doughnuts yet.My favorite brunch spot in town.
4	BSBC is a lively, fun spot to have brunch in Madison, especially if it happens to include one of their summery brunch cocktails. Putting juice in a cocktail automatically makes It acceptable to drink at 9:00 a.m., I say. There's a lot more to love than just delicious watermelon mojitos, bloody marys, strawberry bellinis or frozen screwdrivers. How about fantastic donuts, made in house daily, with a great selection of rotating flavors? But wait, there's more.Whether you fancy a breakfast on the sweet side or something more savory, you'll be sure and find something to whet your whistle. I opted for the savory french toast, which had a parmesan-herb batter and a sunny-side up egg. It was a welcome change from the usual french toast. Other menu items that I found intriguing (and will definitely encourage me to go back and try) were the chilaquiles, farmer's hash, shrimp and grits, and the lox box.And I must mention the highlight of breakfast: the oatmeal creme brulee. If a dessert and a breakfast cereal knocked boots, this would be the beautiful product of their love. Creamy custard with a crackly skating rink of sugar atop steel-cut toothsome oatmeal, served with fresh berries. We were all fighting over every last spoonful.Service is energetic, even at what's considered the ungodly early hour (at least in a college town) of 9 a.m. Coffee is refilled promptly, and great recommendations were made on food and drinks.Despite its name, Bassett Street serves more than just brunch. Come for dinner, an appetizer, lunch, or just a drink. The menu is eclectic enough to not be boring, but traditional enough that it doesn't offend a more vanilla palate.Oh, and be sure and take advantage of the Donut Drive-Up!
5	Saturday morning brunch around 10 am, minimal wait, great "Brunch Club Cool-Tails", great ambience, and outstanding eggs Benedict.
4	Great place! Great prices! Definitely come here at least once to see what it's like. I've tried the chicken on a biscuit and the chilaquiles for breakfast, and a chocolate long john for dessert. Everything tasted just as good as it looked on the plate. Left feeling quite full. Coffee was also pretty good too. Only reason I didn't give this a 5 star was the lack of a "bottomless cup of coffee". Rock solid overall tho!
5	There used to be a time when one wanted to have breakfast for dinner in downtown, that was not happening. Those were very dark times. But one glorious day, "Food Fight Group" opened Basset Street Brunch Club inside the Hampton Inn on the corner of Johnson and Basset. The menu is filled with a variety of breakfast food, from breakfast burrito to egg benedict to chicken and a biscuit. Most of the entries are prepared with the dinners take on them. And if you are big on  sweet breakfast items, the lemon ricotta pancakes, will blow you out of proportion. The balance of lemon is perfect. Their ricotta cheese is silky and adds moisture to the pancake. The blueberries on top tie the flavors together and create a tasty orchestra in your mouth.Basset Street Brunch club is where you come for the breakfast food and stay for the delicious house made donuts! All I am going to say is: "Donuts with bacon on top." Case closed.
4	Tried out the new brunch club and we were pleasantly surprised! Menu is unique, and is a good blend of traditional breakfast food with trendy foodie additions. I had the Benedict which was delicious, and my husband had the farmers hash which was like thanksgiving in a dish! Coffee was great too. We look forward to coming back!
5	DELICIOUS!  My mouth is watering just thinking about the food here.The eggs benedicto is a nice twist on a classic eggs benedict. The perfectly cooked poached egg sat on top of an English muffin with a flavorful salsa verde and a fresh tomato slice. This was topped with a classic hollandaise sauce and candied  prosciutto. Every bite was packed with flavor, and the side of arugula was a delicious compliment to eggs.The breakfast burrito had a delicious spicy sauce with a tasty kick that makes you want to keep eating. It was so loaded with delicious food that it's actually more like a pocket or quesadilla rather than a burrito.  Definitely add the chicken!The only downside was having to wait quite a while to be seated, but after eating the food, I totally get why there is a wait.  The food is worth waiting for.
3	Food: 4+ starsDrink: 3+ starsService at Table: 2 starsService at Bar: 4 starsService at Host Stand: 3+ starsThis morning, we had great food and good drink at BSBC. But (and the buts are significant), we arrived just before 11 am, and were told the wait would be about 30 min. It was actually almost 60 min. Obviously the actual wait time is not in the control of the Host Stand staff and they were super nice when we checked in about where we were on the list. But they need to get a better handle on estimating wait times. When we were seated, our server took our order, brought us waters, and disappeared. He didn't bring the drinks we ordered and after 30+ minutes, we went to the bar and asked for our Bloody Mary. He checked in with us and we reminded him of our Horchata order. And he disappeared again. 15+ minutes later our food arrived (delivered by someone who wasn't our server) but no Horchata. We resorted to asking the Host Stand about our Horchata, for more salsa, and for a refill on our waters. That got taken care of and everyone seemed to be confused about what happened to our drink orders. We were confused about that, but also how our server never managed to check in with us about water, or when we could expect our food, or ??? until we'd already taken matters into our own hands. So - the service - more specifically - our server needs to get a better handle on how to do his job. But - the food was great (Spring Break Diet, CYC Omelet, and Pastrami Rueben) and the drinks were very nice. The donut we had while waiting for our table was tasty as well. Overall, we'd go back, but not a peak time on a weekend, and we'd likely try to sit at the bar as that service seemed to be turning over rapidly. It is a busy and noisy environment, I'm not sure it's good for groups or for kids during peak times (just due to the waiting, the noise, etc). Based on the appearances of other diners though - it apparently is the HIPSTER place to be. ;-)  And, I really hope they get a better handle on estimating wait times and training servers (or our server at least).
4	I absolutely love this place. They're super original with their meals in a not-weird, tasty way. Specifically, I dream about their Savory French Toast. I'm used to traditional french toast with syrup and butter; Brunch Club does it way different. Instead of syrup, the french toast is covered in bacon, arugula, some onions, and a bunch of other really tasty ingredients that work together perfectly. I wolfed it down.As for drinks, try the iced horchata latte. You'll become addicted. Trust me. Imagine iced coffee with milk and sugar, spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg.
5	There was a short wait but the bar service was excellent..we got sat right away and the food was great! I'd definitely come back:)
4	The 25 minute wait was completely worth the deliciousness that I wolfed down! While the service left a lot to be desired, the food was spot on. My friend and I sat at the little coffee shop area in the back of the restaurant and apparently there was miscommunication between the host staff and the serving staff. We weren't greeted or waited on for at least 10 minutes. They soon made good on their bad service by offering us each a free donut. We both decided on the maple bacon. The donut was soft and the bacon crunchy. Neither of us could taste much of the maple flavor.My Savory French Toast was amazing. It was perfectly balanced between the bacon, tender toast, onions and that heavenly hollandaise. Amazing.Next time I'm visiting my friend, I will for sure be back...but after 11am so the wait will be less!
4	Bloody Mary geniuses. Ask for it spicy.Also, breakfast burrito/nito or something, whatever it's called, was ok. The savory French toast was delicious the sauce bacon and onions and salad just make this perfectly harmonious dish. Farmers hash was also great but just a tad repetitive, should've had maybe one or two more vegetables or ingredients in the mix rather than just sweet potatoes parsnips and onions. Yuuum for maple bacon donuts!
5	Bassett Street Brunch Club is a place I can see myself becoming a regular at. The staff, from managers to bartenders, are an absolute blast. Some of the friendliest people in the Midwest, and that is saying something. The menu will surprise you like the movie The Prestige, which is literally about surprises. BSBC has incredible tater tots, creative cocktails like a spiked Horchata, and gourmet doughnuts. Three words: Bacon-maple-doughnut.
5	I love Bassett!! The menu is so versatile and has something for everyone. I've had the bur-roti, chilaquiles, and the spring break diet. All are super delicious. I also tried a couple bites of the chicken and a donut appetizer, which comes with a but of drizzled honey and siracha cream sauce. So Yum.The decor is also really fun. His place has really grown in popularity lately, so pack your patience if you go for breakfast/brunch.
3	Good but not great, like all the Food Fight joints.I know it's hard, but they do a poor job keeping up with the weekend brunch crush. Overall, I wouldn't avoid this place, but I wouldn't seek it out either.
5	Maybe I'm biased because anywhere that serves breakfast all day already gets extra points in my book.Either way, everything I've tried here is fantastic. The Eggs Benedicto is one of the more unique versions of egg Benedict I've tried. The bacon maple donut is brilliant. I also really like the savory French toast, biscuit and sausage gravy, breakfast burroti and the boozy smoothie. They're super nice here and I've had really good service. Highly recommend.
4	Came for breakfast twice last week while visiting from out of town.  Admittedly I had the same thing both times (cyc omelet), but delicious.  Coffee was good, service was great and parking at the Hampton Inn is super easy.  Have already recommended to my family in Madison!
5	This place was both interesting innovative yet somehow familiar.  Many of their dishes were new takes from things I've grown up eating like the Mac Attack, is obviously Mac and cheese but they incorporate butternut squash, onions, and spinach in a subtle yet flavorful way.  The donuts were out of this world, we stayed in the area for 5 days and had donuts for breakfast 3 days, just so fresh and so dreamy, the maple candied bacon and the apple pie donuts were my favorite.  The prices were quite reasonable and the overall selection was surprising.  A must for brunch in downtown mad town!
5	One of my absolute favorite brunch spots in Madison! Perfect for a quick hang over cure. My absolute favorite is the Chicken and a biscuit. The fried chicken on it is amazing with a perfectly made biscuit, and the gravy is divine! My other favorites: the Eggs Benedicto and the Spring break diet.
4	This was a great place and I will be back.  Clean, nice decor. I enjoyed sitting in one of their 8-top booths. Very comfortable.  They have all of those beautiful windows and thankfully, they also have sufficient window treatments to block any sun that might be streaming directly onto your face.  Regardless, it was still a bit too hot in there.  Usually restaurants freeze me out, but I was borderline sweating. Friendly service.  I started with a generously sized cup of their boldly flavored coffee.  I also enjoy certain niceties such as my own mini carafe of chilled half-and half to go with it. I then had Bassett Street's version of a Mint Julep and I'd like to note that their beverage making skills are not secondary to their brunch making skills.  I ordered the Breakfast Burr-Roti.  It was quite good and it was served atop a not only beautiful, but delicious guajillo chili & sour cream sauce.  One more shout out to them for the super convenient and [usually] free parking right next door at the Hampton Inn parking ramp.  Don't forget to validate.  Even their marketing materials make me giggle.  That little robot guy "mascot" they have sprinkled about is cool ...in an odd kind of way. Not sure what he has to do with Brunch and I don't care. I like him.  The food photography on Bassett Street's materials is great too.  You can almost taste the photo of the raised doughnut with chocolate icing and did you ever know rainbow sprinkles could be so beautiful? These types of details make me happy.  They are reminiscent of Bluephie's marketing (also FoodFight/so not exactly a coincidence)I look forward to my next visit there.  If only they took reservations, I would have been there prior to today and I imagine quite frequently.
3	Stopped for an early morning weekday breakfast. I had  chilaquiles. My friend had avocado toast with an egg on top. We resisted the doughnuts, although the maple bacon looked delicious.Parking was a hassle (no spots left in hotel ramp).
5	I had checked out Basset Street Brunch Club online before my boyfriend and I went to Madison, and it was the perfect place to go our first morning there.  After getting up late and walking around campus for a couple of hours, we knew this place would still serve us brunch around 1pm :)I was a little skeptical when we arrived and noticed the restaurant is located in the bottom of a hotel, but shouldn't have been.  Everything was awesome!  The indoors were nice and comfortable, and our server was great.  I believe his name was Lindberg (I remember since it was such a cool name).  He was prompt and friendly without hovering.The best part was the food.  I got the savory french toast which was one of the best breakfasts I had in a long time.  The hollandaise was delicious, and the combination of bacon, an over easy egg, and the side arugula salad was perfect.  I wish I could have this dish delivered to my apartment every weekend.  My boyfriend enjoyed his breakfast burrito although I think he was slightly less excited about his breakfast than I was.  The coffee was delicious, and the entire meal came in just over $30 without tip.  I would definitely make a point to come back if I'm ever back in Madison just to get the savory french toast!
5	There used to be a time when one wanted to have breakfast for dinner in downtown, that was not happening. Those were very dark times. But one glorious day, "Food Fight Group" opened Basset Street Brunch Club inside the Hampton Inn on the corner of Johnson and Basset.The menu is filled with a variety of breakfast food, from breakfast burrito to egg benedict to chicken and a biscuit. Most of the entries are prepared with the dinners take on them. And if you are big on  sweet breakfast items, the lemon ricotta pancakes, will blow you out of proportion. The balance of lemon is perfect. Their ricotta cheese is silky and adds moisture to the pancake. The blueberries on top tie the flavors together and create a tasty orchestra in your mouth.Basset Street Brunch club is where you come for the breakfast food and stay for the delicious house made donuts! All I am going to say is: "Donut with bacon on top." Case closed.
5	The atmosphere, the cultured but curious servers and the oddly paired combinations make this place a refreshing break from the remixed menus everywhere else.Try the fish and chips, or the lox box!The Reuben is one of the best. You may think these seem to be the same old menu item, but wait till your tastebuds beat up the roof of your mouth!Different in a great not weird way!A must stop in Madison
4	There whole menu does a spin on the classics. The farmers hash has brussel sprouts, sweet potatoes, regular breakfast potatoes, and radish topped with egg. I loved it. Their chocolate chip pancakes are amazing. The avocado toast was a bit disappointing. Their desserts are epic but don't waste your money on their donuts. For being handmade they are okay at best. I'd rather have a gas station donut. They're breakfast cocktails rock. Overall one of my favorite brunch spots in Madison.
4	Nice place to grab brunch. Service was a bit slow but it was because there was lots of customers. The atmosphere was lively and the food tasted great. Food was not outstanding but definitely tasted better than average!
4	I think I found my brunch place in Madison, and I am so happy to say that I've FINALLY have a plate of delicious dairy-free eggs benedict, and my faith in eggs hasn't disappeared just yet. Came to Bassett Street Brunch Club on a Saturday morning around 11, and the wait was acceptable (around 20 minutes). Environment inside is open and inviting, and I appreciate the cute chairs and tables outside so you can sit and socialize while you wait. Parking is pretty impossible, so I elect to walk here if I come back (which will be soon). I loved our server. She was so sweet and was able to readily tell me which plates had dairy. She refilled our waters on a regular basis too, which is always a plus.Eggs benedict was amazing! I've never had eggs benedict with pesto, but I will now. The pesto did kind of make the biscuit underneath a little soggy, but I'm not complaining. The eggs were poached perfectly, and I cheered when the yolk was runny. FINALLY, I can eat a plate of eggs benedict in Madison without dairy! I guess it's true what they say; third time's the charm.The mimosa was slightly too strong, but it didn't make my meal worse. The strawberry jam also had me going back for seconds. And the toast is made without butter! Hooray!!!Yes, I will be coming back.
4	I'm obsessed with the breakfast here. There's a huge smorgasbord of options to choose from on the brekkie menu, and the hardest part is actually picking something to order because they all sound so good!I couldn't resist ordering the eggs benedicto. What a cute twist on your typical eggs benedict dish! The eggs were perfectly poached on toasty slabs of english muffin and accented with the rich and savory sundried tomato hollandaise. The bits of candied prosciutto added a nice meatiness to the benedict without making it too heavy. And while I don't normally reach for mixed greens for breakfast.... I did like it in this dish because my usual gripe with eggs benedict is that there's just wayyy too much going on. But the greens were a light alternative that kinda balanced everything out in a way that potatoes don't do it for me.I also picked up the horchata latte. I'm a huge fan of horchata (which is pretty hard to find in Hawaii where I'm from) and a coffee lover, so this was a must try for me! It's totally sweet, creamy, and probably chock full of calories, but worth every single tasty sip. If you're not feeling in a benedicto mood, that's OK because there's a ton of other food options to choose from. All of which resemble your standard breakfast fare, with a little bit of a twist. Mexican, southern, classic american breakfasts... You name it. If I had more stomach room and a little more time in Madison, I'd wanna try a little bit of every dish on the menu. One of each, please!
5	I'm pretty Basic when it comes to breakfast, so today I ordered eggs,  bacon, some wheat toast,  and a side of mixed berries! You can pretty much never go wrong with the Basic necessities! Upon my initial greeting from the moment I walked in, I already had the feeling I was at home! Quinn was our waitress,  and she always comes to the table with a smile and a twinkle in her eye! Our service was Beyond Great! The manager Vicki even ran our food to the table and was super friendly!   Definitely recommending Brunch Club to everyone I know! Thank You B. C.
4	Lots of tasty options.  Vegetarian friendly.  Nice cocktails.  There's usually quite a long wait on the weekends, so I'd recommend going earlier than the students.
5	I really loved this place!! I want to come back more in the near future! Honestly I don't understand why it's not more packed on a Saturday night. Had the donut fried chicken appetizer and it was sweet and savory! Yumm. Followed by a super juicy burger. The menu is really creative, but not too off the wall where you're scared to try something new. I wish I was in the mood for breakfast at night bc so many things looked great! Can't wait to come back! Cool bar and night vibe too!
4	Donuts, breakfast and robots. Need we say more? Well, yes, since this is a review I must mention the "spring break diet" is really my favorite dish here. Good for vegetarians. Donuts are good, but seem fresher some days than others... Guessing it depends when you're in there? Mornings might mean fresher donuts? But most other dishes I've tried have been delicious. Fish fry was good as well and I might say, the portions are quite generous for everything so be prepared for some leftovers. While you're at it, enjoy the colorful illustrations.
5	Love this place! It is so much fun and there are a bunch of options. They also have great cocktails and coffee. It is normally like an hour wait for brunch, but there is always long waits for brunching in Madison and at this restaurant you can get a donut and coffee and sit in the really nice new hotel while you wait and the hostess will come and get you when your table is ready. This is one of my favorite restaurants in downtown Madison.
4	I LOVE this place. I had their Farmers Hash and it was so delicious! The customer service was also really amazing! I wish I could go here more often, but I only travel to Madison a few times a year.
4	I had a very enjoyable experience here while I was visiting my daughter. The food, service and atmosphere were all excellent.
4	We stayed at the Hampton Inn and we ended up having a nightcap there and a dessert. We were very comfortable and we felt very safe. Even if I was alone I would feel great going here. The wait staff were terrific
4	AWESOME breakfast! The Bacon Donut and Savory French Toast are where it's at! SO good!
