5	I've been around several dozen plumbing company's over the years on various projects and in my own homes. Most of them came off as dimwits who know nothing more than water flows down hill.  Gary and his crew at Phillip's Plumbing are nothing like that and nothing short of professionals. Gary was hired for several plumbing line changes, the addition of a water heater where none previously existed, the installation of a three part sink and hand washing station where none previously existed, installation of a water cooler, tying drains into existing sewer lines below tile and concrete flooring and the installation of compressed air lines in nearly 12 locations throughout the facility.Everything from the initial meeting to completion was done in a meticulous, on time and extremely orderly fashion.  They were one of the few who showed up when they said they would show up and actually finished on schedule. They were also one of the few who cleaned up after themselves each day.  All of the compressed air lines are exposed in the facility so you can see the way these guys work...neat, perfect bends and everything is plumb and level.  And more importantly, everything worked right the first time!A real professional who was always willing to take the time to chat and explain things and seemed happy to be on site; I would not hesitate to recommend Gary for any plumbing job in a commercial or residential setting and will be calling upon him in the future for any other projects that come up.
5	Gary from Phillip's Plumbing was referred to me by a friend and thank goodness! He came out to my house in Summerlin a few hours after my first call to him. He immediately identified the problem and worked quickly to fix it. Got everything running smoothly and was extremely polite and professional.
5	Just had to write a review Gary and his crew our amazing! Honest, professional, and they know what there doing!! I always get a quick response and alway a more than fair deal. I recommend them over anyone in henderson!
5	Let me start by saying I work as a hairstylist and the amount of towels and drapes that a salon goes through in a day is mind blowing, so imagine the horror when your washing machine starts leaking and it's out of commission.  We called Phillips Plumbing and Gary and his crew were there within the hour.  They were beyond friendly and you know they were competent and honest.  They had the problem fixed in a hurry and got us back to running order quickly.  I HIGHLY recommend this company!!
