5	Super AWESOME! Warren our plumber from Kendall did an awesome job. Super friendly, productive and cleaned everything before he left. I will definitely call Kendall Plumbing again if my plumbing fails me :)
5	I have used Kendall Plumbing & Rooter for my management company KRK Realty for the past 15 years.  I have found them to be prompt and fair.  Kevin Kirkwood
1	Customer service was bad enough that I feel compelled to write a review which I have never done before. The plumber came out and repaired the problem but left our water shut off at the house valve, no big deal really, but when we called in to see why we had no water and the repair was completed (even though the plumber never notified us he was here), and wanted to see if the plumber was on his way back and the receptionist was extremely rude. She told us that the plumber had left the water off because that was how he found it. Mind you both my roommate and I are off today, have used the water today and neither of us knew where the valve was or we would have turned it back on. This is where super receptionist comes in and tells me "what do you think my guy is a liar?" multiple time to which I finally responded "yes, yes I do!" It was a very simple fix, once she told me where the valve was I flipped on the water and life went on, but beware, if their guy messes up at all you will get defense secretary of the year on the other end of the phone.
5	Kendall Plumbing SAVED US!  After having 4 other plumbers come out to our small business, Kendall Plumbing and Rooter were the only ones who actually did something (not kidding)! Kendall was professional, on time and diligent to find the problem (that the other plumbers didn't take the time/effort to find).  We are a small business and have two toilets on the premise and BOTH were clogging (sporadically) and eventually overflowing, leaving an office with 20 employees without the use of the facilities.  Other plumbing companies attempted, but in the end they left without doing anything to help (some told us "there was nothing wrong", others said they didn't have the necessary equipment, one said that they had been sued and could no longer snake from the toilets (what?!!), yet another just seemed to want to get home for dinner.  Kendall came in with a heavy duty snake and then took a camera to our system to try and see what else could be causing the issue(s).  Long story a little shorter, we are now back up and running and are grateful that Kendall Plumbing was able to do what the other guys couldn't do!
5	We've hired Kendall Plumbing several times now and wouldn't think to go anywhere else when we have plumbing issues. They clearly care about great customer service and hiring good people and have been consistent over the past 5 years that we've been using them. Their phone operators & dispatchers are friendly and helpful, their techs are extremely competent, easy to talk to and work with, and transparent about their very reasonable pricing. I can't say enough good things about them, and we've had a fair share of plumbing done, dealing with a full bathroom remodel (botched by the original contractors), as well as several issues with toilets, tubs, our kitchen sink, and installing hookups for a new washing machine.
