4	This place is really unique.  It has a cool island design to it, and flags from all the Caribbean countries hanging from the ceiling.  The paintings on the walls are very cute and creative as well.The food is the real winner here though.  It's all very fresh and flavorful and had a little kick to it.  I don't like too much spice, but they got it just right.  My favorite part of the meal was the side dishes.  I highly recommend the black beans, they were great.  The service could have been a little better, but I've had worse.
4	Try the Caribbean Chicken with black beans & rice and sweet potato fries. Absolutely fantastic! Very craveable. The service tends to be slow at times, but the food is worth it!
4	A nice quick little place, if you don't know much about carribbean food i would steer clear, and the portions are a but small but i found them to be enough.
4	My friend wanted to take me to Anntony's because he had a good experience here a few months back, and I'm always up for trying new places!  The place was really festively decorated...flags hanging from the ceiling, art painted on the wall, plants and candles all around - a very unique inside design.  Our service was adequate is the way I'll put it - we had our orders taken and drinks served efficiently, but there was little personal touch to any of the waitresses.  The food however, was much more than just adequate - I had the crab cakes with mixed veggies and some Caribbean rice - all of which were great - they use some very unique spices that give the food some zest and a whole lot of flavor - I was shocked how much flavor some mixed peas, corn, and green beans could have!.  The prices were very reasonable - the two of us ate for around 25 bucks and each had dinner with several sides.  Overall, it was a great experience, easy to find and get to, and I'd definitely go back!
5	I have been here many times and the food, atmosphere, and service has always been excellent.  Have also gotten platters to go that everyone loved.  My favoriate would be the crab cakes and sweet potato fries.
4	Wonderful staff. Relaxed environment. Tasty food and reasonable prices for lunch.  The sauce is so good I bought one to take home girl.
4	We always do take out, so I can tell you that the food is consistently delicious. I do think that the staff are "on island time" because they take their time and do not rush. My favorite is the curry chicken with greens and black beans. My partner likes the ribs with slaw and black beans. Good food, large portions, reasonable prices... keeps me coming back for more!
4	A friend and I just stopped in for lunch today.  The staff is friendly, but a little disorganized.  The decor is appropriately Caribbean caricature, and the food we had was Fan-F**king-Tastic!  I ordered the combo of rotisserie chicken and cuban pork, with a side of fries (I know, I know, but I was in a fry mood!) and greens.  The pork was good, tender, and well cooked; although I was hoping for pork shoulder, it was pork tenderloin, and the menu should probably clarify that.  Still, very tasty.  The chicken totally blew it away!  It was almost shockingly juicy, very well seasoned, and sauced with a sweet, tangy, and spicy sauce that I would probably drink out of a glass if given the option.The fries were actually knock-out, and lightly seasoned with jerk spices.  They were thin and crispy, great for sopping up the juices and sauce off the plate.  The greens were good, with a nice vinegar tang.  My friend ordered beans and rice, which he loved.    We had a few Landshark Drafts, and are going back next week to try the oxtail!
4	Its a family casual restaurant, the best rotisserie chicken and of course the famous Anntony sauce which is delicious! Its sad to see that sometimes there isnt a lot of people in the restaurant. The staff is okay. If you go have some SWANK! :)
4	Solid 4 stars for Anntony's!  I must admit I had not expected to eat here the day I tried this place out, but I was pleasantly surprised.  We were even calling the place "Anthony's" before we got there... man it's always nice and humbling to look up and read what you had been calling the place for the last 30minutes was really incorrect.My stupidity aside, we walked in and the place really is decorated to the nines with the "Caribbean theme" and I really liked the used of the tall ceilings to display the nation's flags.Very casual and laid back... the servers were very friendly... I think my co-workers said we had to beat the lunch crowd, so I bet this place can get pretty packed.I chose to go with the pork sandwich with mixed vegetables and plantains.   Had to wait the longest compared to my buddies, but it was worth the wait...  The waiter even came by with a piece of cornbread for me to much on.  My plate was cleaned and I was super glad I had saved my plantains for last... :)  I definitely have plans to come back and try the chicken!
4	Anntony's Carribean cuisine is very out-of-the-ordinary. Nestled nicely in a corner lot, beside the Food Lion off Sugar Creek Rd, it can be easy to miss. As you get in close proximity, and particularly inside the restaurant, you wonder how it ever went un-noticed due to the "loudness" of the environment, decor, and atmosphere. The Carribean menu is also very uncommon to the area. The menu variety is such that may or may not have been compiled from homemade recipies and "twists" on real Carribean delicacies. I can assure you, they pull this off well. My usual here is grilled chicken w/ calypso rice and some kind of special Carribean lemonade. It is very good and the spices are right on the money! I've been out to the restaurant about four times now, and everytime I am greeted and served extremely well. Service is very quick.They never seem to have much of a crowd. I'm unaware of how long the business has been in operation, but I do hope they have enough of a following to stick around.This business caters as well.
4	I've gone to Anntony's twice. Both times the food was very good. Juicy tender wings, light and fluffy calypso rice, crispy seasoned fries, flavorful greens and warm moist cornbread. My family enjoys the food & the price is fair. I enjoy the carribean sounds of the musicians that play on the weekend. A fun place to frequent. Wish there were more patrons to visit them.
5	This place is wonderful!  I've been on multiple occasions and tried different items from their menu and all of them have been great!  The decor is a Caribbean Theme with a hand painted mural on the wall (see one of the attached pictures).  You come in and seat yourself and a moment or two someone brings you a menu (I've never had to wait extra long for service...even when it's packed).  The place is casual and they play Caribbean music sometimes but I have yet to hear anyone who actually works there or cooks the food have a Caribbean accent....who cares the food is excellent.My favorites are their crab cakes.  You can get these as an appetizer and they come out over Red Leaf Lettuce with a vinegar sauce sprinkled on top.  Succulent, fresh, full of flavor and the Caribbean tarter sauce that accompanies them parallel to the flavor.  You can buy this sauce to take home also...I bought some to serve with some crabs cakes I was making for our seafood Christmas.The last time I choose to order the Crab Cake Sandwich, with Calypso Collard Greens, and Rasta Pasta.  The Calypso Greens have sauteed garlic and onions mixed in with a mild spicy vinegar taste added.  The Rasta Pasta is noodles with cabbage and carrots added.  Everything was good (see the attached picture) and I ate everything!  They also have great Beef Patties, Wings, and Rotisserie Chicken.You can find a coupon for them in the yearly coupon book letting you get a meal free when you purchase one.  So if you want to try them out and not fork over a lot of cash then use this coupon but I'm telling you that you will not be disappointed.  One of the best Caribbean cafes here in Charlotte!
1	Easily the worst Jamacian Oxtails ever. The "rice and peas" was watery and the cabbage was bitter. I've been to multiple Jamacian restaurants from Atlanta to Ocho Rios, sorry but the flavors weren't there. Also tried the "succulent" ribs, different, and the beef patty which was ok. Sadly, the most enjoyable part of the meal was the plantains. They were excellent, nice and crispy.
4	First off, let me say this: their cornbread is on another level of life...  Okay, so I went to Anntony's last night for a birthday dinner... This is another one of those places I've heard about a million times, but never visited... It's in a strip mall kind of thing, so if you don't know it's there, I guess you wouldn't really know it was there... It's a small, intimate place with friendly staff and televisions that you can see from pretty much any seat in the house... The cornbread they bring out for you before your meal could have been my whole meal... It was sweet and crumbly in all the right ways... Awesome... I decided on the crab cake sandwich with rasta pasta and the callalou greens... The rasta pasta was a little lukewarm, but still delicious... The greens had a really interesting sweet-spicy-peppery-vinegary thing going on and I was a fan... The crab cake itself was fantastic... It was crunchy, held together well and was appropriately seasoned... The remoulade was good, too, but there was so much on my sandwich bread that it made the bread a little soggy... I just can't do soggy bread (it's one of my things... lol), so I just took the crab cake off and demolished it alone... I actually met the owner... Turns out he was one of the guys serving us which I thought was really nice... He was really sweet and told me he was glad I was pleased with my meal and to come back soon... Definitely sounds like a plan to me...
5	I've been here on multiple occasions and each time I have tried something different and each time I have enjoyed what I have gotten. The meat all seems to be marinated in the same tangy sweet marinade so there really aren't too many surprises no matter what you get. I feel like if you like one thing, then you will basically like everything. One thing to note is that you should definitely take the time to get to know the staff and the regulars because not everything that they offer is listed on their menu. Hint Hint Wink Wink.
4	Ordered take out. Best potato salad I've EVER had!! The crab cakes were delish and the corn bread was a perfect accompaniment. I also enjoyed the brown rice as well as the pasta. Can't wait to get back here and try more stuff!!
5	So good- we haven't found a lot of authentic Caribbean places in the south, and Anntony's is the real deal. We were in town for just a second and I'm so glad our hosts recommended this place. They had musicians playing outside on the sidewalk, and as out-of-place as it seemed in the strip mall, it added a great vibe to the whole experience. Although I could have lived without a TV in every direction... Make sure to get the plantains and mango pie (if there's any left!).  We also really appreciated being able to have a glass of wine with dinner.
5	Recently moved to the area and had stopped on their patio next to Food Lion to listen to some nice Calypso music guitarist they have on the weekends. The lit tiki torches added to the mood. The food was delicious, crab cakes, Caribbean cooked veggies that were interesting and not too unusual. Service was fantastic. I wish more people knew of this jewel. A regular place for my neighbors and I can see why! Give it a try and you will not be disappointed. Full bar.
4	Tucked away in the corner of a strip mall, this restaurant is easy to miss. But you can tell that it has a loyal customer base. Folks know each other.I came here with several colleagues and had a quick lunch. Folks are really nice here. The owner came by and offered us a small plate of chicken wings and it was yummmmmmmy. Not only that, they came by with a small batch of curry for us to sample as well.I went with ox tail in brown sauce and it was fantastic. Loved it. This is the real deal. I don;t always go to a carribean cafe, cos most don;t do the food any justice. But this place does it right.Its kinda hard to find, but i think its worth the trip.
3	Let's start out by saying I like the food here.  My problem is that the place has gone downhill in the last few years.  Today my wife and i stopped in for a draft beer (they have always had landshark and at least one other beer on tap) and some food but ended up walking out.  We sat ourselves down and then were greeted.  i asked what was on tap and the waitress read the menu which I know is not correct, the beer selection on there hasn't been right in years.  So I got up and went to the bar to look myself, it was some copper beer (NOT Old Mecklenburg).  Anyway, we both ordered that, a few minutes later the waitress comes back to tell us that both taps are dry.  Ok, it takes a lot for me to walk out of a place but this was it for me.  I will probably go back and try again but be warned, it looks like this place sadly might be in trouble.
5	Their Cuban Roast Pork sandwich and Succulent Ribs (appetizer) could quite possibly my favorite meal in town!  I love hot sauce and spicy foods and I think Matouks (sp?) sauce they have could be the hottest thing I've ever eaten. The staff had it's moments of up and down service the first few times I went. As they recognized me it has been much better and more fun to visit. Great food and friendly staff makes this a regular stop for me.
5	Tried this place today for the first time and loved it.  Goat curry (my first time eating goat) greens, cornbread and that wonderful grapefruit soda. Everything was great and portions were large. Service was really great also.  I'll be back
2	The outside and the inside is clean and looks like a Caribbean cafe but the food doesn't taste like it.
4	On this trip I tried the rotisserie chicken, cornbread & black eyes peas and rice. The white meat chicken was cooked perfectly!  It was extremely tender and full of seasoned juices. The skin was soft and dripped of the tangy yet spicy sauce all throughout. Not too much; but enough to chase the meat with. The peas and rice had an incredible heat to them! Not in temperature; but in spice. They played well with the tangyness from the sauce. The cornbread was not a hit to me. I'm accustomed to sweet moist cornbread; and this was a little more stiff without the sweetness. Overall the meal was very satisfying!! My family enjoyed it.
4	Excellent service and the food ... fabulous!  I had ribs, greens, and cole slaw. Yummy!
5	First time today and it was awesome! Wings are falling off the bone and really tender and sweet potato fries are great! Will be back to try something else soon!
4	The curry chicken wrap was good, and the pork sandwich and wings were excellent!   The staff was friendly and the prices were fair.
5	Quarter chicken on the lunch menu was the best chicken I've ever had.. well cooked and moist. Also tried the cream soda which was great
3	A friend of mine brought me here when I was visiting Charlotte last week. I like the physical appearance of the place. It's very big and colorful with various flags from other places hanging from the ceiling which definitely put me in the mind frame of the islands. I had the curry chicken, black beans, calypso rice, and plantains. I had my heart set on ox tails but they were out. Everything was good but not spectacular to me. My friend had the cuban sandwich with coleslaw and raved about it. She also had the coconut cake which she raved about also. They also had someone playing live music right outside the restaurant which I thought was pretty neat (and talented since he was a one man band lol). Even though I wasn't overly excited about my meal, the portions were plentiful and the service was excellent. I would come back and sample some of the many other options they had on the menu.
5	The food is amazing here and Anthony, the owner, always personally greets us when we come in. He's a very giving and friendly person. The service is amazing. This one is MUCH better than the one downtown. Especially the food.
3	Food was very good. My favorite was the calypso rice. It was very tasty. I was confused when I ordered a side of sauce and received a chicken wing with the sauce already on it. Service was okay. My sisters order was wrong but we didn't bother to complain. I tried to order take out today and no one picked up the phone. I called 10 times and no answer at the 11th try the line was occupied. It was frustrating because I really wanted some of their food. Overall I would come back for the food but they need better service.
