2	I met friends here for dinner last Friday night, and I wasn't completely impressed. The Beer Nutz Bottle Shop took over the old Cici's Pizza place that was there before, and they renovated it pretty nice. The atmosphere was casual and laid back, with an acoustic act playing in the front corner when you walked in. My friends and I sat in the back for dinner, and I ordered the ALT - Avocado, Lettuce, and Tomato wrap. I was STARVING so I couldn't wait to eat. My wrap came, and unfortunately, the avocado slices were frozen. It wasn't even edible, so I just munched on my fries, and sent back my sandwich. Atmosphere and beer selection get 2 thumbs up, food selection and quality get a D-. I wouldn't go back here.
2	I recently went to this establishment for lunch.I have been here before but decided to give them another go since their remodel menu expansion.The service was slow at best. They weren't very busy, may have been understaffed. I imagine they don't pay well as the wait staff didn't seem interested.I ordered their signature "Vinny's burger burger" medium-well, with a side of french fries.The burger came overcooked and dry.The fries, also overcooked. They advertise fresh-cut fries, but my order had a very dark appearance and will small in length.I'm sure this place does great bottle/six-pack business due to their large selection.They may want to reconsider items on their menu or better yet, give up food all together.
3	I've been to Beer Nutz a couple times, most recently this past Friday.  This used to be a Cici's pizza.  Now half of it is a beer distributor and the other half is a bottle shop/restaurant.  The bottle selection is tremendous, but typically overpriced.  Such is how it goes in PA.  Their draft selection is outstanding and may even been better than Brillobox.  They frequently rotate their drafts with about 20 different craft beer selections.  They change frequently.  Last time I was here we had Dogfish Head My Antonia and Namaste.  This time we sampled the Arcadia Rye, Harpoon Oyster Stout, and a bit of Troegs Flying Mouflan barleywine.  A nice addition is the option to get 5 oz pours of any beers on tap.Service was pleasant and prompt.  They have a few TV's.  They also have live music.  For sporting events, this place gets jammed packed.  The food is an afterthought.  However, for a sports bar-type place, Beer Nutz has the best beer selection that I've ever seen.
4	Stopped in because we had a G'pon. Craft beer selection was quite nice. Bottle selection is pretty decent and they also have an attached beer distributor for cases. Walking back to the restroom which was clean, noticed a wide selection of board games which you can pull out and play. Observed 4 gents playing "Magic" which they brought with themselves.The night we were there during happy hour they had a fantastic cheese selection. A goat cheese brie, mimolette (first time for this fantastic cheese), smoked gouda, swiss and 3 other selections. My beer selection for the evening was Troegs "Mad Elf" and the wife chose "Wittekerke Rose" an Belgian import. For an appetizer we ordered the Hummas Platter. The platter had warm pitas, feta, balsamic tomatoes and pitted kalmata olives. Very good.Judee ordered the Lobster roll with fresh cut fries and coleslaw. The lobster was very large chunks with a good taste. The fresh cut fries are very good.I ordered the Reubenation which came with fresh cut fries. The sandwich had 4 slices of bread in a stacked combination. A little to much bread but tasted good. Fries as above.Prices were fair and the G'pon made the meal super easy on the wallet.Service was professional and the well informed of menu and beer selections.Will patronize when in the area without the incentive.
3	This is a great relax with friends/family and have a beer and some food type of place.  The staff are friendly, and relaxed so if your in a rush, you might want to tell them upfront.It's got a good feature of TV's to watch various games and of course most are focussed on the Pitt teams.  I especially like that they have a few California Beers like Stone (difficult commodity to find in Pittsburgh).The Bar food is good.  The nachos were very large.  I haven't had a lot on their menu, but plan to return to try a little more of their selection.
4	On the recommendation of our awesome waiter Pedro(pretty sure thats not his real name... But I'll go with it), I had my first awesome pumpkin ale with brown sugar and cinnamon goodness around the rim! We also sampled the bier cheese pretzels and nachos, which came out in true Pittsburgh style portions, and by that I mean massive. It's the perfect spot to catch a game, eat some yummy snacks and drink any kind of beer you could imagine
4	I went on a Tuesday with a friend to use a soon-to-expire Groupon.  I had never been before but based on the menu the Groupon made it worth checking out.  While yes, it was a weekday, I was a little nervous about how busy they would be because the Penguins were playing.  We got there just at game time to find the place had a few customers but was far from busy.  Which was good for us, it meant we'd probably get better service and have a shorter wait.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  We started off with the Fried Pickles and the Cheese Dip.  Both were winners.  The Fried Pickles were the best I've ever tastsed and believe me, I've tasted my fair share of fried pickles.  They even come with this out-of-this world chipotle dip that I was ready to drink by itself.After changing our minds several times about what to order for our entrees, my dining companion and I both decided on burgers.  She ordered the Italian Burger and I ordered the Carolina Burger.  I can't remember what all was on hers, but mine was piled high with pulled pork, bbq sauce and cole slaw.  It was messy but fantastic.  While we were really just there to eat, I was impressed by the beer selection.  They have lots of bottles but more importantly an amazing draft selection.  I didn't even see the likes of Coors or Miller Light.  I will definitely recommend this place and I wouldn't hesitate about returning.
4	Nice beer selection, good service, great bar food.  Typical bar atmosphere.
3	Short review here - I've only used the establishment as a "To-Go" store, but we plan on trying their food as the baseball season gears up, and we need a place to watch a couple of games.This place has a great selection of beer! (Although I would certainly recommend they stock up on Asian beers - whenever we order sushi out, or go to a BYOB restaurant, I'm usually disappointed that they don't have Sapporo or Asahi readily available...) It's a little confusing sometimes with regards to the pricing, as there is a color coding system, but I have found occasional bottles without the appropriate sticker, which leads to a little bit of a slow checkout.Live music was really good when I've been there to buy beer on a few occasions. Overall, a decent place, and hopefully we will be able to try out its food offerings in the near future!
5	AWESOME food and beer!!! i just went here for the first time and it left nothing to be desired. the food was a TINY bit expensive but the portions are massive.they have a giant selection of craft beer and the wait staff...well those women are prettier than i've ever seen at any restaurant. sorry, i had to think of something that wouldnt make me sound like a dirty old man.
3	Pro's:- Good appetizer menu.- All of the food is pretty good.Con's:- There is no atmosphere. Basically, they took someone's basement bar and added a few tables.- When I went, there was maybe two waitresses tops.- The service was slow.- They only have a few normal sized tables and chairs. The rest are all around 3-4 feet off the ground which isn't comfortable for shorter people.- They don't have many seats and I'm told it's crazy crowded on weekends.- Their taco bar is the definition of cheap.
4	This place is a local place for me, so I stop by from time to time for lunch.I can't say I have had anything on the menu that I didn't like. There is the usual pub-grub but I have to say I really like the wings and they make a massive fish sandwich, but its best eaten there and not take out, it looses some of its crispy goodness when taken home.  The lobster roll is also good. They have a small but unique of beers on tab and lots of bottles to go if you are interested.  And the portions are generally quite large.Its worth giving a try when you are around that area.
5	My husband and I were one of this places first customers when they opened up.  We love the atmosphere, the beer selection, the Friday night music and the wings.  We went every Friday we could.  I just hope it opens up again soon as we miss it!
