4	*3.5 rounded up*My heart still tears up when I recall the marvel that was Tapino, and I keep on hoping that a tapas bar would appear that rivaled it one day.  But, July 22nd was not the day, and Tapas Papa Frita was not the much hoped-for rival.  Don't get me wrong, Tapas Papa Frita is a solid choice for tapas in the valley.  The menu, though for the most part unoriginal, contains a few little tidbits for the more adventurous eaters, such as oxtail (oxtail????).  My friend J and I started with a Sangria, and perhaps if we didn't order a *$22* pitcher of Sangria, I might have been more enthusiastic about the value of the place.  However, a mediocre, very fruity Sangria was ordered, and drunk in good time; there was enough in there for a little more than 2 glasses each.  From the tapas menu, we ordered the calamari rings, the spanish meatballs, and potato pie (in English :-), no need to embarass our gringo waiter with our gringo pronunciations.  The calamari rings were friend to a light gold, perfect, and it came with a trio of dipping sauces that consisted of a vegetable compost (mostly eggplant), a spicy marinara (though more spice than marinara), and an aioli, which was disappointing as far as aioli goes.  They were well worth the $6.  The meatball, however, was entirely unoriginal, though entirely soaked in a hearty marinara.  I probably wouldn't order that again.  The potato pie deserves a 4.5 star based on novelty alone!  I love potatoes, and I love pie.  Who knew? :-)  The only flaw, really, in their potato pie was the cream aioli served on top.  If you must have a bland item like potato, at least have an interesting dipping sauce, or something that complements it, instead of being simply a limp bystander.We also ordered the Valenciana paella.  It was brought to the table still haughty in its pan.  On their menu, they list the the dish as a "masterpiece", and, sigh, it's good, just not masterpiece-worthy.On the plus side, I probably would have given them 4 stars without the $22 Sangria.
4	Great food, the Head of the House is awkward, lacks passion and personalityI have been anxious for a Tapas place ever since Mexican Stand Still was to open in the space that is now Tapas Papa Frita.  So needless to say I was very optimistic when I saw a new restuarant was taking place of Mexican Standoff.  When we went there, we were in jeans and t-shirts which several other patrons were also wearing.  I don't know if it is because I have visible tattoos or if it is the lack of personality of the front of the house that caused the awkward interactions with him.  We walked in and he awkwardly shook our hands, like he was sizing us up??? It was very odd I didn't know how or what to make of it.  When we told him that there was just the two of us he asked if we wanted a table or sit at the bar.  When we said table, he said he liked starting people off at the bar.  When I asked why he couldn't really give me a reason.  After being sat I began worrying that this was an awful decision.  But then our amazing waiter, Timothy came out and was great! He made great recommendations and was friendly and very conversational.  We each ordered 4 tapas each out of which the oxtail, monk fish were the favorites.  The Head of the House walked around and it seemed almost like he was too shy or embarrassed as he approached tables around the restaurant.  When he came to the tables and asked us how we were doing not trying to engage us, it felt as I should have been at a Olive Garden. Engage me! Talk to me more about the food, the region the Chef is from.  I am at your new restaurant? Cocktails:   On their website they list the sangrias, specialty cocktails and martinis when I asked about the cocktails and martinis they replied that they didn't have any but there was a full bar.  Not Timothy's fault, he is new and the restaurant so I will let that slip.   Ambiance - I would give it an A+ the views, decor spot on.  When you go into the men's restroom there are the beatnik paintings that were in Digestif by the bar...not sure what that has to do with Spain. Overall, I would go back even with the head of house who is lacking personality and passion.  When I go back I will definitely ask to sit in Timothy's section!
5	I acccidentally came across Tapas Papa Frita while walking around Old town with my girlfriend.  First the decor of the restaurant is beautiful making you feel like you're in the heart of Spain.  Flamenco dancing and Spanish guitar are authentic and LIVE!!  I thought the Tapas menu was extensive and the Gambas in Garlic and the Cabrales cheese were our favaorites but they all were excellent.  Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting wines and matching them with our Tapas selections and very attentive to our table.The overall experience was fantastic...everyone around us was having fun and enyoying themselves.  The prices were VERY reasonable ($25 bottle of wine, $7 Tapas) and we were told their Happy Hour had everything on the menu, including drinks at 2 for 1 pricing.We will go back, it's a real hidden gem...
3	We went for the fabulous 2 for 1 happy hour and enjoyed. Kevin, the bartender, was great along with the rest of the staff. Everyone working was all about the customer. You don't see that in Scottsdale all the time....Between my bf and I , we ordered 4 different tapas, which were double in size due to happy hour, along with 2 pitchers of red sangria and were stuffed. Great atmosphere and food. Definitely recommend.
3	We took a large group for a friends birthday and ordered quite a few things. It was definitely a great price for a large group since we visited during happy hour and took advantage of Buy 1 Get 1 Free of anything on the menu.I do have to say that the best part was the sangria and the cheesecake we brought with us. The atmosphere is good but it is somewhat small in size.The best tapas were the: manchego (you can't go wrong obviously), the shrimp, the meatballs and the chicken pieces. Our server suggested the ham and cheese croquettes which had neither ham nor cheese but potatoes instead. He was sure they were ham and cheese but the whole table wasn't convinced. The paella was good although the rice was a little overcooked in spots and our friend found a completely undercooked piece of chicken. We did send it back and they promptly brought us another portion. The dish was good but that was a little unnerving.I'm open to second chances and will probably give this a second chance just based on the sangria, the large menu  and the amazing happy hour deal!
4	Randomly came upon this place with some friends and we totally fell in love!  Great energy inside and the food rocks!  We shared 3 tapas dishes and had cocktails and it was delicious...we were just looking for a snack :) Loved having the basque influence there with the kalimotxo, $18 was tough to shell out there for this but I hadn't had one in forever so I splurged...and it was exactly as I had hoped for.  Really cool restaurant, am looking forward to going back-I hope it sticks around because not many in this area have held up :)
5	The tapas here are authentic.  At least that is what they tell me.  It wasn't like most of the tapas places I have had in the past.  Between the 4 of us that went, there were 11 dishes ordered.  Every single one of them was liked by at least 3 of the 4 people.  In fact, the only thing that wasn't liked was by me, and that was the anchovies.....just not my cup of tea.  Everyone else raved about them. Other than the food being outstanding, the prices were as good or better.  Nothing on the tapas menu was more than $9.  These prices were very worth it.So what did we order?  2 pitchers of red sangria, shrimp in a spicy sauce (which wasn't THAT spicy, but very good), calamari, serrano ham, crab stuffed peppers, snails (just wonderful), txistorra (basque style sausage), garlic chicken cassarole, white asparagus with aioli, manchego cheese, and potatoes with serrano ham.  It also came with fresh rolls and homemade aioli.  The aioli alone is worth the trip.  Also, we had to have our server bring more and more rolls because the sauces served with every dish were just amazing, and you wanted to sop it up with freshed baked warm rolls.  It was a very filling experience. The Sangria was very good, but I am no authority on Sangria.  While we got the red, they also have white, green (made with Portuguese Vinho Verde), and sparkling (made with Cava....Spanish sparkling wine).  I have had better red Sangria's in the past, but this was well worth it, and at $22 for a pitcher, I thought it was a steal!I encourage anyone to go to this place if you like tapas, Spanish food, a fun, vibrant scene, or a great patio.  It is a little hot for patio seating, but if you go late enough, you can handle it.  In October/November, it will be even better.   Another great thing...they are open late.  As one of the few people in this city that like to eat after 7 pm, I enjoy places that are open well past 10 pm.I can't wait to go back again and try different items.  We are already getting a group together to try out a few of the 5 paella's offered.  If they are anywhere near as good as the tapas, we will find our new "go to" dinner joint.
5	Met a few friends for dinner here the other night. It has only been open for 3 weeks but you would never know it by the service. Our waiter was knowledgeable, made great recommendations, and the service was spot on! Everything we had was terrific, especially the crab stuffed peppers in saffron sauce and the Jamon Serrano! The warm rolls with aioli are delightful too. Can't wait to go back. They have 2 for 1 until the end of August.
5	Wow!  Great happy hour!  Great food, drinks, service, & prices!   The sangria and tapas were excellent!  Everyone in our group thought so.  Happy hour 2-4-1 prices end at 7pm.  Just make sure your are mindful of where you sit, as the setting sun will 'cook' you...No 'sun management' yet.
1	Let me start by saying that I was very excited thinking about a new Spanish restaurant in town as they are few and far between around here. Having traveled quite a bit in Spain we are huge fans of tapas and paella. So we went to Tapas Papa Frita with great anticipation for a delicious meal. I am sad to say that this restaurant was a complete letdown for a variety of reasons. The restaurant itself is absolutely lovely. I loved the way the place was decorated with representation of Joan Miro's work, since he is one of my all time favorite artists. The restaurant presents itself very nicely. We decided to try this restaurant also because their website advertised "During the month of August...everything on the menu will be buy one and receive the second one at no charge" for happy hour 5-7pm. Our interpretation of this was that you could buy one item and choose another item for free. The reality was that it was buy one item and get a double portion. This was not clearly worded on their website. We sat at the bar and were immediately met with a pretentious attitude form the bar tender which is typical, but unfortunate, in many Scottsdale restaurants. He became more rude when he found out we did not want to order drinks.  This makes no sense to me because the meals cost quite a bit more than drinks would have so it's not like his tip would have suffered. After that he left us to sit for a very long time before taking our order. So long in fact that the manager had to come around to see why our order hadn't been taken. The bartender finally came around after a prompting from his manager and took our order. We ordered Txipirones en su Pinto (stuffed squid) and Alcachofa a la Romana (fried artichokes) for our tapas. For dinner we ordered the Paella Valenciana for our entree, to be shared since it was double portion. The fried artichokes arrived on the cool side and the batter was soggy. As I pulled the batter away from one of the artichokes I could taste that it was a marinated artichoke, which was clearly canned or jarred. The appetizer was soggy and unappealing. The stuffed squid arrived and for a "double portion" as the happy hour special stated, we received 3 squid. My question is what is the full sized portion? 1.5 squid? The squid was tasty, it was served in what I'm assuming was a blank ink sauce with a spicy tomato sauce on the side. This was the only redeemable part of our meal, it really was quite good. The bread and aioli that was served before the meal was also very good. On to the entree, our "double portion" of the Paella Valenciana. I should say that we've eaten enough tapas and paella in Spain to where we have a very good idea what to expect from these classic dishes. This was not authentic Spanish paella. First it's impossible that it be truly authentic since it came out in about 15 minutes, traditional paella takes at least 45 minutes to prepare. It was served in a cast iron skillet but it did not have that chewy, crunchy texture that paella has when it's actually finished in the oven. The rice was on the firmer side when it should be mushy and there was a flavorless watery broth whereas true paella should be rich with saffron flavor and the rice should have absorbed any liquid that it was cooked in. The sausage that it was prepared with was tasty but incredibly salty. The chicken was dark meat which I found disappointing. The shellfish was fine, albeit the shrimp were overcooked. Overall I am very sad to say that it was a terrible dish of paella, it was not authentic and not even really worth eating which is why we left a third of it behind. Lastly, the restaurant was very warm and the bathrooms appeared to have no air conditioning or the vents were closed. It was 110 degrees today and they had 2 doors right by the bar where we were sitting propped wide open. I understand that it's a new restaurant and they wanted passersby to know that they were open; however, in this day of eco-consciousness, I found this to be an unconscionable waste of energy. Moreover it made the restaurant very warm and uncomfortable. So in my opinion the doors being open resulted in a lose lose situation. Thankfully our bill was low due to the "double portion" special because I would have been incredibly disgruntled had we paid full price for bad food and bad service. I think Tapas Papa Frita has a nice concept, but they are definitely not ready for prime time.  I can tolerate a pretentious Scottsdale restaurant when the food is dynamite, but this is not the case at Tapas Papa Frita. It's both pretentious and serves bad food. It's a pity because the place is lovely. I hope they pull it together so they can stay in business, but we will not be returning here.PS* patxi g. who reviewed right below clearly works for this place as he reiterated the same bad wording of the happy hour special and the review seems overly phony.
5	I would like to start by saying WOW! Our group of 4 were able to take a trip to Spain without ever leaving Scottsdale. Our experience was just fabulous, from the ambiance, entertainment and the top of the list were the Tapas and Paella. We were able to enjoy there incredible August promotion  Happy Hour  from 5-7 pm, buy one get one free and our experience was the best we have had in Spanish cuisine in AZ for along time. The presentation of the food and liveliness of the restaurant make this worth writing about. For anyone who has never experienced this culture of cuisine it is a must. Not only is the food delicious and flavorful but the entire experience is one to write home about. I would recommend Tapas Papa Frita to the local diner and also world traveler there is something here for everyone to enjoy.
4	This is a must stop and grab a bite, and I mean a bite.  It is tapas and because of that you can have a little bit of everything.  The friendly and knowledgeable staff will help you pick some great food.  Try the rabbit, the artichoke hearts and the lamb for my so far must picks.  My wife loved the crab and eggplant "lasagna."  Hurry down in August for their Buy one get double potion promo.  They are also part of AZ Restaurant Week so a meal including sangria is only $29!  Go visit Kevin at the bar and relax in old town Scottsdale, but eat in the regions of Spain.
4	Delicious offerings for tapas with friendly staff. Get with Kevin at the bar! The August happy hour 2 for 1 is a great deal. Check out the restaurant week special because it will be worth it! We liked everything we ate - 6 dishes between 2 people plus wine. The rabbit was fantastic. The crab & eggplant tapas was perfect. The egg dipped artichokes are a must! Get some friends and head over to the bar today.
5	FINALLY authentic tapas is catching on the in the Valley.Went here for a quick bite Friday night.  We were seated quickly and our waitress was VERY good.  Had a pitcher of the white sangria- totally refreshing and went well the the rolls they serve before dinner.  Their aioli that comes with the rolls is SO good and very light.  I could (and was) eat it with a spoon.We only did tapas, although the waitress SWORE by the paella.   We followed the pitcher of sangria with a pitcher of mojito.  A little weak, but you get a ton for $9 so no complaints.  In fact I found the lighter mojito paired well with the food and you could drink more.  There were only two of us, so we didn't even finish it.The prices on the tapas are really low.  Like most dishes being in the 5-7 dollar range.  You get a decent amount for that.We got the Spanish tortilla-which came with more aioli.  It was a nice wedge of eggy-potatoey goodness served at the perfect temp.  Very filling for under $5. A great side to the meat dishes.We also ordered the crab-stuffed red peppers with saffron sauce.  The saffron sauce was a little light for my tastes, but good.  The peppers were well cooked, well cleaned (I HATE skin on red peppers) and really worked with the crab.  Only $7.We also tried the pork loin wrapped in bacon and in a sauce made with almonds.  Super tender pork but still not to dry.  I had not had a similar sauce before, very nice.  Again pretty light.  My wife ate most of it because at this point I was getting very full but still really wanted to try the oxtail.  I was glad I had saved room.  The sauce was so rich and smokey and it came out piping hot.  I could really go on and on about the sauce.  I got a HUGE piece of oxtail which I ended up having to just pick up and chew on.  Oxtail is always a pain and I praise the waitress for telling me to just go for it and pick it up.  All in all we spent $50 and got really drunk and really fed.  The atmosphere is very fun and the chefs come out and mingle with a wine skin they squirt in your mouth.  Definitely will go back, in fact, going there for my birthday tonight!
5	OK- so I did actually go back for my birthday.Just a small group this year, myself my wife and two close friends.  Everyone enjoyed themselves and everyone loved the food.  Including my friend Chris, who tends to be a picky eater.We went on Saturday so the evening started with a very good guitar player and that slowly grew into a band w/ two dancers.  I usually don't dig live bands while I'm eating too much, but these guys were great.  They even invited our table up for a little dancing lesson as our waitress had informed them that it was my birthday.  Being generally shy both me and Chris refused, but both of the gals went up and it was really fun.  We had the same waitress as last time, Laura, and she was VERY sweet and knowledgeable.  But, let's get to the important part, the food.Here's what we had-Again I have to mention the awesome rolls and garlic aioli they bring out to start off.  So awesome and a hit all around.   My friends had never had aioli so they were VERY happy.Caracoles aioli (glazed escargot in sherry vinegar aioli)- these were awesome.  Usually places try to completely mask the taste of the snails themselves with a strong garlic/butter type sauce or something similar.  This sauce was very light and that awesome earthy/woodsy flavor of the snails really came through.  My picky friend just kept coming back to these.  Usually he'll try something considered "adventurous" like snails but rarely has seconds.My fiend ordered one of  the chicken dishes, but I did not try it.  It was the Pollo a la Cazadora (Garlic chicken casserole with potatoes and carrots).  The other three people at my table tried it and they all liked it.  My friend said it was only slightly spicy.Txistorra (basque sausage with sherry)- This was pretty straight forward.  A hit all around.  Again the picky eater came back to these over and over.Solomillo de Cordo con Tocino (pork tenderloin with bacon, almonds and spices).  My wife and I liked this.  One of my friends said it was just "OK" and one of them hated it.  Someone had a beef dish.  If I remember correctly it was Espada de Solomillo (beef tenderloin with Sherry and sauteed onions) but don't quote me.  It was beef on skewers.  Everyone except me liked this.  In all fairness it's just that I hate cumin and it had a very strong cumin flavor.  The beef was tender and well seasoned, I just didn't like the seasoning.Pincho Muruno (Moroccan style lamb brochette)- This was really good.  Again, it had cumin, but not enough to turn me off.  The lamb was really well cooked and  very tasty.  Everyone liked this dish.  We had the the Tortillas de Patatas (Spanish potato pie) again.   Just like the rolls with aioli I can't really express how great this really is.   Just eggy potato and onion paradise with aioli.  Under $5 and it was generally agreed to that it was the best thing we got.  You HAVE to order this, especially at the price.I also got the Ensalada de atun con Tomate, a salad with tomatoes and bonito tuna.  Most people liked it.  I myself found the vinegar WAY too overpowering.  But it was nice to see bonito tuna on a menu, not so common.We all shared a couple of pitchers of the Vino Verde Sangria- the white wine sangria.  Very nice. So all that food and two of the large pitchers of sangria came to just over $100.  So awesome.  We also stayed a little to listen to the music so I wandered over to the bar for a 7 and 7.  I was served quickly and I got a VERY stiff 7 and 7 for $8 even.  At a bar in Old Town Scottsdale that's decent.Can't wait to go back again.
4	I went here Sunday night with a party of 4.  This was my first authentic-like tapas experience so excuse my ignorance because I really don't know much about Spanish tapas.The ambiance of the place is great.  They must have spent tons of cash making this place look like an establishment right out of Spain.  The waiters all were dressed in all white with red sash thingys and red hats.  They looked like Spanish bull fighters to me.  Anyway, the decor is very interesting to say the least.I had initially thought the place had just opened because some things were a complete clusterfuc like the staff was still working out opening day problems.  From getting menus, to getting bread and beverages it was a bit rough.  However, the entire staff was very friendly and the food did come out rather quickly.In total we tried about 7 tapas.  They have tons to choose from and they looked rather authentic to my gringo eyes.  Most of the stuff I've never heard of but they pretty much all looked great.  Most are around $7 and are probably enough for a few people to sample.  Almost everything I tried was very good and the stuff that wasn't was because I had no idea what I was ordering and was trying to be adventurous.All-in-all it was a fun experience and a perfect thing to do when having dinner with friends.  I regret not getting the sangria after reading the reviews on here but there is always next time.
2	I really don't want to be a hater. But I'm about to hate on this place.First of all, let me say that the food and sangria were great, as was the ambiance. I would consider coming back for tapas and drinks. Maybe.My boyfriend and I went to Tapas Papas Fritas for AZ Restaurant Week. Our appetizers came out and were wonderful. And then we waited. And waited. And 30 minutes later, when we would have expected to receive our meals, we were told that they had run out of my entree and I needed to pick something else. After finishing our entrees, there was a significant wait for dessert, which was made even more frustrating by our waitress stopping by three times to let us know that it would "be right out". At that point, we just wanted to settle up and go home.The front of the house is killing these chefs. Busboys were non-existent and plates were stacked on benches throughout the restaurant. I wish this place luck, but I doubt I'll be coming back.Also, I totally agree with Derek J. about the Head of the House. Awkward city.
5	Delicioso! I've travelled to Spain a few times and these tapas are by far the best tapas I've had outside of Espana. The food was great, the service was the perfect amount (not too much and not too little) and the ambiance was great! A few of the favorites from our party of 4's meals... Squid ink tapa, crab meat filled peppers, blue cheese steak, seafood bowl, rabbit, ox tail, and the flan! The best flan any of us had ever had.
1	We had reservations as a part of Arizona restaurant week.  We went into it looking forward to trying a new tapas experience in AZ.  We were huge fans of the late Sol Y Sambra.  Everything was going well, helpful server made suggestions that we chose to follow and ordered one additional tapas to try as well.  When the tapas course arrived I had to ask what one of them was.  The server had mis-heard what I wanted and brought the wrong dish.  OK, he picked the dish up and headed back to the kitchen after saying he thought we had asked for that particular dish.In a minute the manager appeared at the table next to us with that exact same dish telling the table that there had been a mix up and here is an extra tapas for them to enjoy - HUH?  At no point was it mentioned that the dish had already been served to another table.  We were not offered the dish to try even though it was a mistake nor were we offered any apology or additional dishes for the mistake.When the incident was addressed to the manager to express the upset, he made no attempt to right the wrong or address the problem.  When the correct tapas finally arrived at the table, it looked like a can of tomato soup dumped over tomatoes - that was my last straw.The server came over and I let him know that we were not interested in continuing the meal and wanted to leave.  He said he would let the manager know and the manager made no attempt to come speak with me at our table.  They offered to comp the meal if we wanted to stay or we could go.  For the first time in my life I opted to leave.Inexcusably poor customer service, questionable sanitary food practices and mediocre food from the one dish I tasted.  I would not recommend to anyone.
4	So after a not pleasing meal at another Tapas restaurant I decided to go and get some real Spanish food.  Unfortunately I was somewhat filled up so I didn't get to enjoy much of the food but I sure took in some wine =).  I started with a glass of Vino Verde Sangria ~ White wine Sangria it was very good had plenty of fruit and I ended up having 3 glasses before the night was over.  I also tried Kalimotxo ~ Basque red wine and cola.  It sounded really odd to me so I had to try it and actually it was surprisingly very good.  For food I had the Pimiento de Piquillo con Centollo ~ Crab stuffed peppers in a saffron sauce.  There were two peppers in a great flavored sauce and they were full of crab and flavor.  Also there were really good rolls with a garlic aoili that was good.  For dessert I had Pastel de Pan ~ Banana & Apple Bread Pudding.  It wasn't a traditional bread pudding more like a soft bread cake with ice cream.  It was also very good and at this point I was extrememly full.  Overall a great restaurant and I will for sure be back to try more of the menu when I have a bigger appetite but a great first experience none the less.
4	Restaurant Week Review:We didn't even know restaurant week was going on but our server filled us in on the options.  We could pick one tapas, one entree, one dessert and a glass of wine/sangria for $29.  The entire menu was fair game.  For the tapas we got a pepper stuffed with crab.  It had a nice cream sauce lightly drizzled on it and the whole thing went together well.  The other one was a lamb skewer and it was nicely tender and quite good.For the entree I got the Valenciana paella.  It had a nice array of seafood and spanish sausage.  I didn't realize how vibrantly yellow it was until I saw it at home.  This easily serves 2 people.  The gf got Meriscada which was clams/shrimp/scallops in a light wine broth.  Hers was very good and more suited for 1 person.  For dessert we got the Creme Brulee.  It was much wider and the dish was shallower then I am used to seeing.  It didn't have a very thick hard crust like you traditionally see on this dessert.  Either way it was very good.  For my dessert I got the Escoces which was Scotch, warm coffee and vanilla ice cream.  This was phenomenal.  They should serve this by the pitcher.  We also shared a bottle of wine (on top of the included glass per person).  The atmosphere was to take your time, enjoy your meal, and in between dishes listen to the live music and watch the dancing.  We enjoyed the entire experience.
4	Music made the experience complete...nice tapas at the bar...service a little spotty....
4	Yes, the kitchen during Restaurant Week was a mess.  I am pretty mellow about waiting for food, but my friends were getting pretty upset.  We waited almost 2 hours for our meal. With that said, I give them a 4 star because the food was great, and my review is focusing on food.  I enjoyed the gambas al Pil Pil, garlicky shrimp, yum. My friend's Paella Valenciana was excellent.  The only other paella I would prefer is the one in Madrid from La Barraca.  My husband had the Arroz Negre (black rice with squid ink). I also had the salmon, delicious. For desert I had the Crema Catalana, spanish creme brule, creamy custard with a great sugar crust.  We will try them again to see if the kitchen works better next time.
4	We went tonight, my husband, my two 19 month old children and me, to Tapas Papa Frita and really liked it! Food: Surprisingly very good! I have to explain that I have traveled northern Spain, and my grandfather, being basque, used to cook many of these dishes. So when going to Spanish or Basque restaurants, quite often I do get disappointed, but not this time!One comment for the chef: I have had the txipirones en su tinta served with white rice, which allows to eat the black sauce with the rice. Tonight I finished the sauce with the bread. ;)The flan we had for dessert was really one of the best flans I have ever had.Service: very good. Fast. Friendly and very helpful to a young family having dinner with the kids. Kid Friendly: YES. It seams to be under development: They do have high chairs, but no kid menu or crayons to do drawings while waiting for the food. However the waiters were very helpful with us, and there is always something in the menu that the kids may like. We ordered tortilla de papas and lamb, which they liked.Next time I'd go for the paellas, which we avoided tonight only because we didn't wanted the kids to get hungry-cranky.
1	Slow service.
5	I have to say. This is, by far, my new favorite spot!! Everything about this place was AWESOME! Let's start with the place in general. It over looks the canal by the trolley bridge in Scottsdale, which is so pretty at night. We walked up and thought, here we go, a typical "stuffy" Scottsdale restaurant, but not even close. One of the waiters walked right up to us, greeted us and let us pick our own table on the patio....which it was the perfect night for! We then are told how it's happy hour (everyday of the week 5-7pm) where all wines are 2-for-1 and all tapas are buy one, get the same for free! SCORE! He was very helpful since we weren't sure we wanted a full heavy meal, so the waiter recommended around 4-6 tapas plates and he would just bring them out 2 at a time. He also recommended a phenomenal wine. We had the meatballs, braised oxtail, aoli papas, croquetas, and lamb chops. Everything was amazing. My husband went in thinking he'd hate this kind of place since he wasn't eating "a real meal" but even he was thrilled with the entire experience!! Plus, they have flamenco dancers inside, which just adds to it all! They just opened 2 1/2 months ago, so I hope they keep up the great food and great service, because we'll be sure to get back! Very soon....
1	OK, realllllly did not want to write a poor review of this place.  I even thought about it for week before I did, but they have done themselves in here! My honey and I went last Saturday for "happy hour".  I love tapas and haven't been able to find a great spot since Sol y Sombra shut down, so we thought we would give them a try.  It was a beautiful evening, and they offer a 2-4-1 happy hour on the patio or in the bar.    So we spent two hours enjoying their delicious tapas, wine, sangria, and even dessert and coffee.  Food and drink were both amazing, and the service was attentive and gracious.  Sadly, thats as glowing as this review is gonna get because they have royally pissed me off.  Where they really went wrong was with what happened after.  So we got our "happy hour" tab, signed the receipt, and left.  I have to admit this was partially my fault because I tend to sign credit card slips with reckless abandon and utter disregard for the total(denial is not just a river in Egypt people), which was in this case, $93 plus a $20 tip.  So we get home, still talking about how delicious everything was, and I casually throw the receipt on the counter.  The sangria has now worn off.... $93? For happy hour? Yikes.  So apparently our server neglected to price our drinks out at happy hour pricing.  And the servings had been pretty small, even for tapas, certainly not the double portions that are supposed to arrive between 5 and 7.  So I called the restaurant immediately.  Having worked in restaurants before, I usually pick my battles, but since we had gone for happy hour intentionally based on what we read on Yelp, this called for attention.  SO I called the restaurant right away, and was apologized to profusely. Yes, I was correct, we had not received the happy hour portions that we should have ( which was probably why we ordered so many tapas) and we were charged double what we should have been for our drinks.  The sweet guy on the phone informed me that there was no manager available as it was a busy time on Saturday night, but that they would certainly make this right, and a manager would call me tomorrow.  Seemed reasonable so I gave them my number and waited.  Sunday, no call.  So Monday I called and left another messgae. Tuesday, still no call.  So I emailed them.   So a week later, no call, no email, nothing.  Like I said, I really don't want to give these guys a bad write up, but this is just about the worst customer service I have encoutered in a while. I personally will not return, despite a craving for their crab stuffed peppers.  If you want to chance it, go ahead, you will have a great time but will certainly pay for it!  It's really a shame because stuff like this is why otherwise great places seem to cycle in and out of this area way to fast.
5	Last year we went to Spain. We ate a lot of tapas. Granted I was pregnant so I couldn't enjoy the sangria, the jamon serrano, and the soft cheeses among other things...so I missed out.Seeing this option in AZ, and looking at the menu, we had to try it. Especially given the above. I wanted to indulge!Expectations were fairly low--it's in Scottsdale. Authentic tapas we were not planning to find, but the menu had promise. Props for having the offerings in Spanish and English.Surprise. This place was AWESOME. Is it exactly like what we had in Spain? Heck no, the ingredients we have here in the US *are* going to be different. But it was darn close. The menu was crazily extensive, the red sangria was strong, and the staff was super friendly. We ordered up a plethora of tapas and skipped the big plates, sad because they also looked promising but it was just the two of us. Split the banana chocolate bread pudding for dessert. Wished they served real Spanish hot chocolate. Had to laugh at some of the ways they served things--aka calamari came with 3 dipping sauces. In Madrid, they looked at you like you had 3 heads if you asked for sauces to dip. It's very American. But I love me some sauce.Second surprise. The live Spanish guitar and flamenco show on the small stage. We thought it would be all cheese. Wrong. The guitarist was amazing and the flamenco dancers were spot on and had the same passion. You could almost close your eyes and imagine you were back in Madrid seeing it for reals. If it wasn't for the trio of English speaking cougars at the bar, that is.The outfits the staff have to wear are ridiculously cheesy and it is in a strip mall--typical of 99% of the good restaurants in Scottsdale. Overlook those two things, and keep an open mind and you may be surprised.Flat out loved it. Wish it was local.
3	Nice outdoor seating... very nice menu but at the end its almost the same items prepare differently ... The sangrias were good... the braised oxtail was very tasty... Overall nice place to hung out with friends... Not too sure about the servers uniforms? but there were very friendly and helpful explaining the menu...
4	Once again, its interesting to see the varied opinions from folks about this place, and quite frankly, I had my doubts before trying it out prior to checking out the "Capitol Steps" comedy singers at the Scottsdale Center for the performing arts, but we don't get to old town that often, and wanted something a little different. So it was either this or Iruna, so for no real reason, we choose here.We got there a little early after meandering old town for christmas gift ideas. Our server was prompt and very helpful in recommending various tapas dishes - Gambas al Pil-Pil (shrimp), Txistorra (basque sausage), Cerdo con jamon (Pork tenderloin) and theSolomillo Moruno (awesome steak, perhaps the most tender that I've had, after Mastro's). All were very tasty.The only dish we had which we ventured on our own was the Alubia soup. It was a cool night, and a warm soup was well needed - and this hit the spot - very much recommended - black sausage, red beans, flavorful broth.The other nice aspect from our server was the wine recommendation. I ordered a glass of Tempranillo, which I was quite happy with. Our server actually suggested one of the other labels which was wine spectator rated, and I was resistant - so, he comes by with a sample taste just to prove his point. Sure enough, he was right - so my next glass was his suggestion. Yep, the cost was a few bucks more, but my experience was much better, and it was my choice - his volunteering to grab a sample was the right move.With no more Lola tapas, I'll still be nostalgic, but will be very happy coming back here - tasty food and great service.
2	The Tapas was good...I would have given this place more stars, BUT as we were leaving I saw the waiter took one of our water glasses and poured some of our left over water on the table, and used one of our USED napkins to clean the table.  The whole time he was doing the he had a look on his face hoping he wouldn't get caught doing what he was doing..........UNCLEAN!
4	The experience here was quite memorable that I would go back any day. Food was amazing ...sangria, tapas, paella and flan. We also got complimetary drink from the owner / head chef.
2	Even though the food was quite good, I have to give this place a poor review because our overall experience was so unpleasant.  We went on a Thursday night when there was live music and flamenco dancing.  It was so loud - starting rather early at 7:30 p.m. - and completely interfered with our ability to have any conversation at our table.  I will say that the food was pretty good.  I'd characterize it as pretty traditional Spanish tapas.  Our table particularly enjoyed the oxtail, the crab stuffed piquillo peppers and the patatas bravas.  Great sauces on the oxtail, the snails and the shrimp.I'd go back but only Monday through Wednesday when it would be quieter.
2	Great ambiance. Flamenco dancers and great singers. The menu is expansive, the food can be great or only so so. The gambas while good were nothing new, I will say that the stuffed mushroom were amazing. The garlic aioli served at the table with the bread was a nice touch. Service is very uneven. The servers appeared frazzled and not all that knowledgeable about the menu. I will say however, the best thing about dinner was their flan. I rarely like flan, but theirs was creamy, dense and just sweet enough. The weakest point was actually the sangria. Weak, watery and expensive.   This place does make me long for Lolas....
5	I was living in Phoenix for a few months and my family was coming to visit so I needed to find a place to take them out. We ate at a different restaurant in Scottsdale, followed by a stroll along the street when we heard some beautiful flamenco music which is what drew us in. We had a few drinks and enjoyed the live flamenco band so much that we ended up making reservations for dinner the very next night. Our dinner there was amazing! I had never had tapas before and neither had my family but we loved every bit of it! Their menu is wonderful with a great variety of tapas (small plates), and main courses. The service was outstanding. I forget out waiter's name but he was serving us the night before when we came for drinks and came in the next day on his day off to serve us dinner! The chef even came out towards the end of our meal to talk to us. He explained how most of the ingredients are flown in fresh from Spain. And wow what a difference!All in all, would definitely recommend this place for couples looking for a lovely date night and groups of friends looking to eat, drink, and be merry!
5	Stumbled into this gem when my family decided to go check out the Scottsdale art walk. We had reservations elsewhere but were enchanted by the staff as we were walking by and they were so fun we cancelled our other reservations and stopped in. What a great move. Since we had just returned from Spain we were wondering how good they could be and we were impressed by the tapas. Loved the dipped artichoke, the beef dish?, the croquettes and really just everything we had was amazing. We were entertained by the flamenco dancers and drank sangria and cared for by the staff as if we were old friends. By far the friendlist place in town. We were so impressed we took cards to hand out to our friends. Do not miss this place.
4	I'm not sure what everybody is complaining about; our service was spectacular.  Maybe you only get good service on the patio?  Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and helpful. The food?  It was great.  Let's see if I can remember what we had:Pimiento Piquillo con Centollo (crab stuffed pepper): 4/5.  Decent, but not as substantial and epic as this dish could have been.Tortilla de Patatas (potato pie): Too dry, a bit disappointing.Almondigas con Tomate (meatball): Eh. Pretty typical meatball.Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic and white wine): Delicious.  We all agreed that it was the best shrimp any of us have had in awhile.Caracoles aioli (glazed escargots): I hadn't had escargot before.  It was a good experience, although I had to most of them myself.  Probably won't order them again for risk of that happening again.Chorizo: Meh.  Not bad, but nothing really to it.  Just sausage.Rabo de Buey (oxtail): Amazing.  Best thing I've eaten in awhile, period.Valenciana Paella: Delicious.  This put the meal over the top.Because we didn't have drinks, the damage was less than $25 a pop.  And we were stuffed.  I'll definitely be back.
4	We went last Thursday for my boyfriend's mother's birthday. The decor was fun and so were the staff's uniforms. The had live music and dancing, which was fun. The service was pretty good but the iced tea didnt need to take 40 mins. The food was great, the sangria was so so but overall I think its a great place for Tapas. I recommend it
4	Entertainment - Great!Tapas - Great!Service - Great!Entrees - MediocreWe tried the sole and the tenderloin with shrimp entrees and I didn't find either one really up to par.  The shrimp was fishy and not tasty at all.  The tapas we had were good - the lamb and the ox tail.There was a live flamenco performance that was really great!  Service was excellent.I would go back to this place, but I hope they improve on some of the food items.
4	So I had my first experience with Tapas last night. Our first blunder was with the host. We didn't have reservations and they gave us this look, like we didn't belong. Bad first impression I thought and I was like well we will just sit at the bar then, which I find better anyways, and they complied. The bartender was very informative with the menu and gave us some suggestions, so he made up for the host. After a round of drinks our food arrived and the presentations was very aesthetically appealing. After trying a single bite of each dish, all I have to say is that the food was fantastic!! A friend and myself went here with no expectations and we were delightfully pleased on the type of meal in which we received. We split 4 dishes. We had a shrimp dish, a lamb, a chicken, and a squid stuffed with cuddle fish. The food was divine. My only real complaint about that place is how loud it is. They have a live band. I'm not sure if it's every night or only on the weekends. Though the band was exceptionally good and they had a dancer it was so friggin loud. My friend and I were pretty much screaming at each other the entire night and we were literally right next to each other sitting at the bar. That's why I will give this place a 4 stars instead of 5. I will definitely be back though. Maybe for lunch instead of dinner though.
5	Great ambience any night with live music.  Did a large group on a Saturday when live Flamenco was in house.  Entire staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly including the chef and management. We did a large selection of tapas amongst 10 or so people and nearly everything was exceptional with nothing being below great.  Very authentic feeling and surely as close to a tapas meal in Spain itself as you will find in old town.  Highly recommended.
1	extremely disappointing!  We have had tapas in Spain and many cities in  the US.  Probably one of the best was Bodega bistro in Carefree, sadly no longer there.None of the tapas dishes stood out as even good!  Having said all that, the ambiance is good and the wait staff are also good.We will not return!!
1	so so food with one of the worst dining experiences thanks to one very rude waiter. having grown up in Spain, I was looking forward to coming here, especially after reading some of the reviews. but even the piquillo peppers stuffed with crab meat were only okay. the sangria almost tasteless. only the artichokes were outstanding. but nothing will make up for the unforgivable sour demeanor of our waiter. if he hadn't been so completely rude i might be more forgiving.
2	ambiance: beautiful moorish archways inside, gorgeous al fresco dining, they had a guitarist there who was great, on saturdays they have flamenco performances (i was there on a sunday)service: ok, they had a lot of new servers, they are dressed like they are about to run with the bulls!I gave them 2 stars for ambianceIf you like their food, then you don't know what authentic yummy tapas are supposed to taste likebut when i go out to eat tapas, I expect something better than my home cooking.I knew after I looked at their extensive menu that they food would be so-so, reheated, or something like that. How could restaurant have all those choices, with foods that require lengthy preparation, and the restaurant was only 1/4 full on a sunday.Highlights:free bread: pan de sal, rolls served with garlic sauce (or what they call aioli). they garlic sauce was yum....but when the dishes started to come out...i was disappointed...they all had the same garlic aoiliI typically order the following tapas at each tapas restaurant I try out to see how each one compares to each other, i've toured spain and ate a tons of tapas places so I know how it should taste:1) Tortilla espanola2) Patatas Bravas3) Pan tomate 4) Paella Valenciana5) Red Sangria6) Croquettas (if they are on the menu, very few restaurants serve these)7) Sepia(cuttlefish)/Calamares (squid)/ or Pulpo (octopus) a la PlanchaI didn't end up ordering the pan tomate or the tortilla espanola this time. They didn't have a "---" a la plancha on the menu either.. Duh, becuase in order to serve seafood a la plancha it has to be fresh and everything here tasted reheated.We ordered:1) patatas bravas: tasted/looked like KFC potato wedges with La Tapatia sauce.  Don't get me wrong, they still tasted decent but they were not authentic2) fried artichoke with aoili: luke warm brined artichoke with beer batter  lying in a puddle of the garlic aoili suace (yes, the same one that was served with bread)3) escargot: basically your average canned escargot in garlic/parsley sauce with drizzles of garlic aoili suace (yes, the same one served with the bread), this tasted good, but when does escargot in garlic butter not tasted good?4) Paella Valenciana: they did not use paella rice, they had too much green bell pepper saute on it, the chorizo? i thought it was cut up vienna sausage at first, but it was chorizo, just in miniature form, they should have just minced it, the rice was more like a stew because there was tons of broth left in the pan, so no burnt soccarrat at the bottom to enjoy, you could tell the rice was blanced earlier and then tossed together with the ingredients in a pot then placed in the paella pan for service...don't bother ordering this if you like paella...it will just piss you off..and where was the saffron essence?5) ham & cheese croquettas: 3 luke warm croquettas lying in a puddle of the garlic aoili suaces, again: they inside should melt out of the crispy breading, but because it wasnt' hot enough or because the filling was made with too much flour, it didn'tDefinitely DO NOT ORDER:Sauteed mushrooms: it only took them 3 min to bring it out after we ordered them, they were soooo grey and nasty.  I couldn't eat another bite! they were only warmed through...ugh yuck!Stuffed squid braised with squid ink: i've had a version of this tapa several times so I know this stuff had to be good. Wrong.  The squid stuffing was luke warm in the middle. The ink sauce was missing something, it was heavily diluted with the flavor of chicken bouillion cube broth.
3	Tapas Papa Frita is a good place for tapas.  Location and decor is great, you'll like the patio, the ambience, the service.  We've tried it twice, once by ourselves for lunch and once with a party of eight for dinner.  There was plenty of variety to the tapas menu, and most were OK -- worth an occasional visit -- but nothing really thrilled us.Same thing for the entrees.  Most were OK but not memorable.  The Paella was the dreadful exception.  I had the Paella de Pollo, and a friend had the Paella Valenciana. They may as well have been rice soup.  Very watery and none of the crispy scrapings that makes paella so good.
4	We started the evening out trying to grab a table at Cowboy Ciao. Walked into a  1/2 empty restaurant and were told our party of 4 would have to wait an hour. We are still convinced it was my buddies Smedium shirt that got us black balled. After crossing the street and feeling bummed about the fashion faux pas we were called out to by Kevin (who will from here on be known as The Champion of the Universe). He said they had tables available and we replied with lead the way. He stationed us right in front of the stage where a band was setting up. Not always the best spot depending on the music, but this group(consisting of the whitest Spaniard I've ever heard, his son and a dude who looked like Munch from Law and Order SVU) brought it. The flamenco dancer definitely spiced the show up. Meanwhile the Champion made sure we had time to peruse the menu and offered helpful hints on how much we needed for the four us. We started with the New Basque tapa which was good, but grabbed the bronze medal on this particular evening. Another starter we scarfed down was beef tenderloin w/ adobo since we did have two Filipinas with us. During this time our beers were timely replaced and the ladies never ran out of water. Being Giants fans we have come to expect this type of excellence and the Champion didn't let us down. Our main course was the De Pollo Paella and we were not disappointed. The quantities were just enough that our friends smedium t-shirt didn't bust a seam. This place will definitely get a return visit on our next Spring Training adventure. Good food punctuated by great service.
3	As an aficionado of Spanish cuisine, I came in hoping to be, at the least, semi-blown, but resulted in a half satisfied appetite.  The biggest draw for me was the seemingly endless count of Tapas, at least a dozen in each category: Seafood, Meat, Vegetables/Cheese.  I always get a kick from trying to visualize what fun flavors can be produced from these "exotic" ingredients.In my humble book, I tend to base my Spanish experience on one dish and one dish only and that is the glorious Paella!  For me, this is a deal breaker!  The pricing was fair and reasonable, but the quality fell quite short! The classic Valencia was simply, too watery! History tells me it should be fluffier, creamier and rich in flavor! On the other hand, the Arros Negre, was more pleasing and entertaining! If you never had squid ink in the paella form, it is a safe try!  The only caveat is it temporarily leaves black marks around your lips, teeth, and tongue.The list of Tapas we tried included: ** the best and recommended- The Spanish Potato Pie: was not as soft and fluffy as I imagined, parts of it were choppy, mediocre taste.- Mushrooms with Garlic and Sherry: very average, nothing too special here.** Rabbit Stew with Bread Sauce: for the first time trying this, it was actually pretty good, tasted like Chicken!  the meat was tender with a rich flavored stew!** Braised Oxtail in Paprika Sauce: pleasantly pulled off the bone good!- Lamb Chops: thought it was somewhat dry, thus not as juicy as I had hoped for.  2 or 3 pieces, I believe.- Calamari Rings: the batter was light and cooked perfectly, accompanied by three different sauces, that I cannot recall the names to, but nonetheless, tasty.- Snails: average, nothing to spectacular.The pitcher of Sangria was too small for my usual liking, it filled just 4 small glasses and lacked the wine taste.What I liked the most was the atmosphere--live music created a fun mood and the rich detail of the Spanish-esque decor to bring everything together.Since I was here for my birthday, they did bring out a complimentary flan that I thought tasted a little eggy? The cool part was partaking in a Spanish tradition where the server shoots a long stream of wine into your mouth.  Overall, the experience here was just average with mediocre flavors among the Tapas with some exceptions, thus, I would only return for the Squid Ink Paella, Rabbit Stew, and Braised Oxtail.
4	This place is just cool, love the atmosphere and the service.  Food was very good as well, I have never been to Spain so I could not tell you how authentic it was but it seemed very different.  The warm bread they put out with the white cream sauce was to die for, I think we devoured 2 portions very quickly with my entire family.  We had to come here for my daughters Spanish class so she could get extra credit so I would have never known about this place since I live in the far NW valley.  There was live music and a woman dancing onstage "wish I knew what kind".  I would definitely go back.  We also got there late on a Saturday night and they were able to get us outside seating in 15 minutes with a party of 6 which was awesome.  There were some cigar smokers outside that kept getting smoke on us (I'm not one to tell someone they cant smoke near us) but it was annoying.  The service was so great and both our waiter and the manager came over and apologized for the smoke.  This is a very classy place and would like to go back for a date night without the kiddos next time.
5	I love reading the reviews on Yelp but always told myself that it was going to take an unbelievable experience to write a review.  This was my first experience in a Tapas Restaurant but boy was I extremely impressed.  The atmosphere was absolutely brilliant, and I even felt that I was dining in a different country. We walked in without reservations but were treated like we were regulars by the general manager.  We sat at the bar and ordered drinks while we waited.  I am normally a vodka drinker, but the bartender told us we had to try their Sangria.  I can tell you this: It was so worth going out of my comfort level, and I realized that maybe I should listen to the experts more often.  Our wait time was only half the time we were supposed to wait.  We sat down and were entertained with the Flamenco dancers.  When the food got to the table it was out of this world.  We tried things that I never thought to eat in my entire life along with other delicacies.  The owner Joseph came over to introduce himself and it felt like he actually cared that we were dining in his restaurant.  In today's dining very rarely do you ever have the owner conversing with the patrons and making them feel at home.  Best of all, he sent complimentary champagne over because we were dining for a special event.  This great experience led me to schedule my 30th birthday party at the venue.
1	I arrived expecting a great night here but due to the horrible Sangria and Paella, mediocre tapas, and lousy service, I left extremely disappointed. I have walked by this place a few times before and seeing all the people on the patio enjoying the beautiful sunset and listing to the Flamenco music, it just seemed like a cool place. Unfortunately, we did not have reservations and so although the patio was complete empty when we arrived, we were told by the host (owner?) in a very condecending way that all the tables on the patio were reserved and so we would have to be seated inside. That dampened my spirits a little but I was still anticipating an enjoyable evening with my hubby and some good food. To start off, we ordered a pitcher of Sangria to share and some soup. Sangria arrived first in a surprisingly small pitcher. I could not believe that small pitcher was $22!  It turned out to be a good thing since it was so bad, neither one of us wanted to drink it. It was by far the worst Sangria I have ever had. It tasted like it was 1/2 cheap red wine and 1/2 club soda. Not sweet, not fruity. Instead of bright refreshing slices of citrus and other fruits there were a few bits of orange rind and a couple of pieces of some other fruit that had been diced so small it was unrecognizable. I ordered the gazpacho which was pretty good although I prefer it chunky rather than pureed and my husband got the seafood stew. That had a good flavor to it but the seafood in it was very overcooked. We decided not to order any tapas with seafood in them after seeing the quality that was in the soup. We selected three Tapas to start with: the beef tenderloin, the leek tart, and the potato tortilla. The beef was pretty good, nothing special about it but it had a good flavor. The leek tart was not so great but the sauce it came with was delicious and we mopped it up with the bread in the bread basket. The tortilla was disappointing. To me this is the quintessential tapa dish so I was expecting it to be great but it was rubbery and tasteless as if it had been prepared hours earlier and then reheated. We had intended to start with only 3 tapas since we had already had the soup and told our waiter that we reserved the right to order more. He pressured us into ordering some paella as well so we did. Now I absolutely love paella, it is truly one of my favorite dishes on earth but since other Yelp reviewers had said to stay away from it I ordered it with some misgivings. The paella arrived about 20 minutes after we had finished the rest of our meal. Our waiter did warn us that it took a while to prepare but I was not expecting it to take that long. As soon as we tried it, I realized that it was not worth the wait. As other reviewers have mentioned it was way too watery and very bland tasting. In addition, the vegetables tasted like they came from a bag in the freezer section. And the seafood was the same rubbery stuff that was in the soup. The rings of calamari were so tough, you could not cut them with a fork, I had to use a serrated knife. The shrimp had lost all of its sweet flavor and was just as tough. The entire dish was so awful that we didn't even finish it. So, they were already down two stars for the horrible Sangria and Paella... Also while waiting for the Paella, I visited the ladies room which although beautifully decorated was filthy. Dirty restaurant bathrooms are a personal pet-peeve of mine so that had knocked them down a star as well. Also, the cheesy outfits the servers wear and the overall poor service (we were brought the wrong dishes initially and had to ask repeatedly for plates since we were sharing) had knocked them down another star. The final straw was that as we were leaving I counted four empty tables on the patio that we could have been seated at.  Overall, just a horrible experience.  I strongly recommend staying away from this place.
2	Great atmosphere and location, but mediocre food. The tapas were sub-par and the paella valenciana didn't deserve to be called paella.  The best part of the meal by far was the warm bread rolls served with an aioli dip. Our friendly waiter knew absolutely nothing about Spanish food, but was very nice. I'd blame management for his ingnorance. The wine list was extensive and reasonable, and dessert was acceptable. They had an excellent guitarrist playing classic flamenco on the patio, so I'd recommend this place for a glass of wine and live music on a nice day or night, but don't go hungry or you'll be dissapointed.
4	Saturday I had lunch with my girlfriend and her family to celebrate her Mom's bday.  We had a great meal and the weather was perfect on the patio.  Just like my previous visit I loved the food I had oxtail which was amazing and crab stuffed peppers.  Our server Kevin was great and took very good care of us.
2	1) The wait staff all wear silly costumes2) Our entrees came out before the appetizers which was totally bizarre. 3) The apps were dropped off at the table before we finished the entrees. 4) The food was OK but not worth what we paid. 5) They comp'd the second round of sangrias due to the kitchen mixup so that was nice. 6) Great location, right on the waterfront. 7) Cheesy decor.  Felt like a chain.
4	Try the Mussels!  The food is above average, the ambiance impressive, the outside seating is great, the happy hour is worth regular price, and the service is good and friendly.  Love this place and I hope you do too!
3	The atmosphere is great.......spanish music...good service.The food is tasty.............but very expensive.  Plan to spend $40 pp and leave without being full.  Very limited beer selectionworth a try....
4	The location is as close to "riverfront" as you get in the Phoenix area and they've done a really nice job with the patio. The food is as authentic as you can get at a restaurant this far from Spain. We went safe for our first visit, and they did great with the standards. Our server recommended a perfect Spanish wine. And, Joseph, the owner/chef provided great food, service and hospitality. He even sent us out a second plate of Castilian style patatas  bravas when we commented that the Basque style ones we were served initially were different than what we've had in Madrid.
4	The food is wonderful. The service was a bit lacking. The server was nice but not as attentive as he should have been for a non busy evening. We ordered the Gazpacho, Monk Fish, Beef Tapas and Pappas Aioli. All of the tapas dishes were delicious! I even liked the fish which humored my friend since I usually hate all fish dishes. When I was in Spain I became a little addicted to Cafe Con Leche and it is good here. The Churos were a bit different, not authentic,  but tasty. When I asked if they served them with chocolate I was expecting the way they serve them in Spain. Did not happen but I still enjoyed them. In fact all the deserts here sound awesome. I will have to go back and try all of them. The first being the stuffed apple delight. This place is expensive though.
5	Great service; our server recommended several great dishes and was attentive but didn't hover.  Excellent wine list and all of our food was creative and flavorful!
4	Went back recently and had food that was much much better than my first experience.  Maybe I ordered better, maybe it was the company, but this time I left happy and satisfied.  The bread comes piping hot and fresh and you can dip it in a super garlicky sauce that is addictive.  (well addictive if you like aioli's compared to butter).  Had the Spanish sausage, chicken paella, the tortilla, and papas bravas.  Washed it down with the white bubbly sangria that was delicious.  Everything came out the right temperature and looking delicious.  I was not dissapointed this time at any of the food.  We got out of there for a very reasonable price and my only gripe was that when we ordered dessert they substituted an apple tarte for the baked apple we wanted without telling us it was no longer available.  Aside from that small misstep it was great.  The guitar player really made the atmosphere interesting and fun.  Overall, I am changing my tune about Tapas Papa Frita.  Oh and they have a great Happy Hour I plan on trying on the weekends.
5	First off, I love ordering a variety of things.  I would rather split a few appetizers among friends then order a meal.  That is just me, so keep that in mind.Tapas Papas has a great tapas menu.  Any place you can get ox tail can't be bad.  3-6 PM EVERY DAY the ENTIRE menu is 1/2 off.  That's right, 1/2.  Their beer selection is actually pretty solid, and from what I hear the wine list is good too.  3 of us came for non happy hour, we had 5 drinks, beef skewers, crab stuffed red peppers, some spicy shrimp and their bread with crack-sprinkled dipping sauce, all for $60 plus tip.  Come for happy hour, return for dinner sometime if you are a fan.
4	Went here after work with a group of my co-workers for Tapas and dessert, Delicious, good service, mostly yummy foods, live classical guitar set a great mood, I really enjoyed the ambiance with the lighting and the uniforms.
5	We loved this place! And it was by complete accident that we found it. We ordered three small plates for their happy hour. The Spicy Shrimp dish was delicious, along with the mushrooms but the crab stuffed peppers were not a dish we will be revisiting. We also really enjoyed the bread and garlic dip. The Service was great! Our Waiter had a great personality and was full of suggestions. Be prepared, happy hour prices are great on food but not on wines by the glass. Great Place to go and I highly recommend it!
5	I really enjoyed this place. I went there as a group of 6 for dinner. We had the Patatas Bravas - They were ok, maybe too much paprika for my liking, Queso Manchego - This cheese was delicious - Not too strong nor too bland,  Rabas *not gluten free* - one from our group doesn't like calamari & ate 3 and he mentioned they were really good (that says a lot), Salpicon de Mariscos - This was one of my favorites. The seafood was soooooo goood, perfectly marinated, Chorizo - Yummy!, Chuletilla de Cordero - This was juicy and delicious, Rabo de buey - I hate that I even tried this one, but it was delicious as well, and the famous Jamon Iberico - Very, very delicious. I was very content with 2 bites of this, but still had a 3rd. I had a pitcher of the Salesianos Sangria. Absolutely perfect. Delicious, refreshing, .... made me tipsy. Loved this!I ordered the Cortado coffee but received the Carajillo instead. Never had a downer in my upper before, but it was good coffee too. I also ordered the flan. I was dissapointed with it. Not much flavor. Pretty bland and stiff. My friend had the Manzana al Horno *not gluten free* but I still took a bite out of it and I must say that was one of the best pastries I have ever had. Lucky wheat-eaters. You can imagine with a table of six and a lot of liquor the bill was quite expensive. But I must also say how absolutely delicious and satisfying it all was. My partner and I could of ate another plate (but we had only had breakfast that day). The other four of our group were full. Oh I almost forgot to mention the entertainment! The flamenco dancers were great to watch and the music was beautiful too. It was pretty loud but still enjoyable. Great place!
5	This is our new favorite place in Scottsdale!  The food was phenomenal, the service was great and the ambience was charming with great live music.  Nick took wonderful care of us from the moment I called to make the reservation.  He personally chose a selection of tapas and paella for our group of 6 based on the things we told him we liked and not a single dish disappointed!  Favorites include the lamb chops, the filet skewers, cheese-stuffed portobellos and bacon/cheese empenadas.  The seafood paella was also incredible!  I also highly recommend the sangria, both the traditional and the white.  Nick comped all the birthday boy's drinks which was a very thoughtful gesture and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and wine selection.We were there for dinner, but we will definitely be back again soon for happy hour... 3-6pm every day and the entire menu and sangria are 50% off!  In a town where new, overly-hyped restaurants come and go on the regular, we were very pleasantly surprised with Tapas Papa Frita and can't wait to go back.
4	The vegetarian options were numerous and delicious. I wouldn't do the veggie paella again though. Happy hour cannot be beat. When the weather allows, the outside patio along the canal is a great place to be.
5	Best food I have ever had.
4	The garlic aoli wth bread is to die for! Have taken several people here and besides the gorgeous atmosphere of the place, they also comment on the aoli.  Have tried many of the tapas and paella and all pretty good. Fav is sitting at the bar, choosing a delic wine from an extensive wine list (or sangria which my hub loves) and eating their breadcwith aoli.  Gotta try it!
4	Went there this past Sat for the first time with my boyfriend.  The food was AMAZING!!  Everything we had was delicious and it was hard not to eat more!  The crab stuffed peppers were beyond amazing and I cannot wait to go back for them.  Wish they had a few more pinot grigio selections but huge wine list which was nice.  The only reason I didn't give them a 5 star rating was because our server was very hard to understand with a heavy accent, spoke super fast and very quiet.  Wish he had taken a little more time to explain the menu when I told him it was our first time there.  Definitely will be back for the food and live music, though!
5	Probably my favorite meal in Phoenix so far.  We were here for restaurant week, and the food we got was not on the regular menu.  That said, all of it was fantastic, would definitely return.  Great atmosphere in a good location as well.
1	I'm from Spain, Asturias, so I am biased. I  first remember this place 23 years ago at the corner of 32nd & Camelback - and ate there about 3 times a week back then.  I was heartbroken when they closed.  Then, a version opened at Civic Center, and was ok.  So when I saw this, same name, logo, I assumed somehow same owners or some tie to the place I loved oh so long ago.  Oh how wrong I was..   My first observation was immediately drawn to the one dish representing Asturias, Cabrales and Membrillo.  Please note, it's M-E-M-B-R-I-L-L-O, not m-e-n-b-r-i-l-o (quince paste), so the typo instinctively told me, lack of detail to printing a menu with a typo.  Then the menu my husband had and mine, were not in the same order, so when he was pointing out croquetas, I couldn't find inside, by this time the waitress came by and stated oh, we like to confuse our guest and not organize the menu the same, she had a great sense of humor about it, but again, attention to detail.  I know it sounds super picky, who cares about a typo and order pages are, but again, those first details are a sign of what's to come.   I knew this wasn't an Asturian place, NEVER expected it to be, but FYI, Asturias does have some pretty decent typical (simple) dishes.  World Famous Chef Jose Andres is from Asturias, and he's done incredibly offering alot of cuisine from our province..   So the offering of Cabrales only, well, like I typed, totally biased.   (FYI, I didn't order it, because after you've had Cabrales from the caves of Cabrales, I'm sorry, I'm just not willing to try it anywhere else.)   We ordered the croquetas, cerdo de jamon and boquerones.  We got the croquetas within 5 minutes, so that was a bit disappointing, knowing that even if they were pre rolled/made and all it needed to do was frying, that it would take more than 5 minutes - so I assume that they were pre-cooked at some point.  I didn't know what kind they were, as I didn't find them on the menu, but they were supposed to be ham and cheese.  They had no flavor.  Just fried doughish, with alioli sauce, very bland, very disappointing.  There were 3 on the plate, and I only ate the 1.  Then came the cerdo and boquerones, another 2 mins after we were done with the croquetas.  I immediately touched the sauce with my finger, cause it didn't look hot, and it was lukewarm.  The boquerones were exactly what I expected, canned, oiled boquerones, which, if you've ever been to Galicia, you know some of the best seafood in the world is immediately canned, and a can of seafood can retail for $90.   (oh, I KNOW this wasn't it, but  a $5 can of boquerones is also good).   The pork had been cooked at least a day before - there is no way it was done that morning/day.  It wasn't cooked in the sauce either.  It was dry, almost like a dry pork chop you smother in sauce, but it never absorbed the sauce other than covering it when it was plated.  Besides dry, it was also warm to go with the warm sauce.  Not sure if warm was what they were going for (vs hot), but again, disappointing.  As I stated, boquerones were fine, decent can, so that was the only ok thing.  We were starving, but didn't order anything else but the check to go have lunch else where.  Service was friendly, It was lunch time, about 1 pm on Saturday, 11/12/11.  Sad to say we will never be back.  It wasn't worth complaining to the waitress, I wasn't looking for a freebie or comp, it was just bad food, taken with of shortcuts.
4	This was a great find.  My wife and I were looking for a Tapas place and this is the one we found.  I saw a paella that I really wanted to try (paella diablo), but it is typically a very large portion meant for two people to share.  Unfortunately, my wife isn't all that into spicy food, so I thought I would take a chance and see if they could make me a smaller portion.  My waiter went and asked the chef if they could accommodate that request and the chef was very willing to do so!  It was excellent and I was very happy to see that they could take the extra steps to make me happy!  The live music and dancer were also very entertaining.  Definitely check it out.
4	I had my birthday celebration here.... and it was a FANTASTIC space to celebrate with 40 of my closest friends and family.Joe and Amber are AWESOME!!!... They made sure I got what a princess, like me, deserves - as far as TOP-NOTCH customer service.... YUMMINESS and tasty FOOD and DRINKS :)I ordered 'every-t-h-i-n-g' on the menu without hesitation.... and was not disappointed.Thank you Amber and Joe!!I'm a fan of Tapas Papa Frita!!
2	Went here for my birthday w my gf and daughter.  The hostess sat us at a corner table that was blocked in by another table!  That was fine until she sat another party at that particular table. Now I was blocked in and could easily eavesdrop not that I wanted too.   The restaurant wasn't busy and the waiter seemed to forget his introduction and our drink order. The bus boy was fast w the water and bread but that didn't help bc he's not the waiter. I saw the owner/manager and informed him of my concerns and he happily moved us to another table and sent over a waiter. The food was good but not spectacular.  I'll stick to Aaron May's "Iruna".
4	Mainly for the music I was able to enjoy on a Friday night. They even have a dancer who delights you with her talent.Tapas are not my thing, but gladly I have already been fed so I just tasted a bit of the Albondigas my friend ordered. GREAT taste. The salsa where they came, had a fresh roasted flavor that I still remember.Their wine selection is interesting as my friend wanted a red but similar to oporto, one of their tempranillos did the trick to satisfy her. I couldn't resist the temptation and ended up ordering a crema Catalana, the Spanish version of creme brulee......YUM!!! it passed my requirements with an excellent.  Service could improve a little bit...but I'm biased being south american hahahah.
2	We were recommended the "special" by our server - paella and tapas. Good food, not great. Much of the seafood was over cooked. When we got the bill, we almost choked - $378 for a table of five! One pitcher of sangria and one bottle of wine. We had even told the waiter to bring us the chaper wine because we didn't want to spend too much on dinner.
5	So happy to have found this restaurant, it was the complete package for night out. First, the decor welcomes you in and sets the mood... Beautiful lighting, checkMiro artwork, checkBeautiful bar area and classy place settings, checkity check.Next up, the food and drink. I ordered the Paella de Pollo and a number of Tapas. Everything was delicious and came out hot and fresh from kitchen. No overwhelming spices and heat in these dishes--the flavors are more subtle and carefully prepared. Pre-dinner rolls were not the best, but I did not want to fill up on that anyway.  There was a decent wine selection and full bar for drinks.  Drinks have nice flavor but are not made strong, so if you are a booze hound, you've been warned.  The prices are medium-high, not outrageous for a restaurant in this area.Finally the entertainment. This is just an added bonus that takes the restaurant to the next level.  You can enjoy Spanish guitar and Flamenco while dining? Yes. And it is fantastic.  Be aware, some people come just to enjoy the music, so there will be people hovering about the tables during the performance. It can get a bit crowded near stage (bordering on claustrophobic).  And while I enjoyed the atmosphere-some people might not. But if you love live music and the energy that comes with it, you wont be disappointed.Definitely worth a visit or three. Muy bien!!
2	There are so many issues with this restaurant that do not have the time nor the space to list so I will be succinct.Positives:1. The rabbit dishes are well prepared and tender.2. The oxtail dish is delicious3. The flamenco dancer was very good and kind to the children at our table.Negatives (Gordon Ramsey would have a field day):1. Way over priced for the quality of food served2. The tapas were obviously not fresh, prepared in large quantities and stored under heat lamps. Most dishes were dry (fishes), chewy (sausages), or cold and spongy (tortes).3. A server belched behind my wife as he passed by.4. The staff were inattentive, seldom removed our empty plates, or checked on us to see if we needed anything.5. The sangria was average at best (red) and disgusting at worst (white).6. The paella was very watery and overpriced for what was received.Ultimately, this restaurant fails because of the gargantuan menu. They have what seems like 100 or more tapas selections, but they prepared only a very few well. TRIM THE MENU!!The only reason I give Two stars is due to the kind dancer who invited our friends little girl to dance on stage for a song.Our party of 8 will not return here again.
4	tapas papa frita while i enjoyed most of the dishes some of them the flavor just wasn't there and while i don't care about the prices or that there small plates, if you complain about small plates at a tapas restaurant please just go back to your fast food restaurant and don't bother.  this is a place to try the things that other restaurants in scottsdale wont serve try and be a little more adventurous with you eating.  Scottsdale is very limited in restaurants that try to be different so i am thankful that we have one less chain restaurant to go to
4	I had a great time here. We made a large reservation in advance and they were very accomodating. There ended up being more people than we originally thought and they took great care of us.The service was good, especially from the owner/manager. He made sure to ask us how everything was and shake our hands when we left which I found really refreshing. The server took a while to bring our check, but we were having such a good time talking it really didn't matter.The atmosphere was great as well. They had a flamenco dancer there and the ladies and I really enjoyed oogling him over the course of the night. He also would teach you how to dance if you wanted to and dragged the two birthdays in our party up on stage to dance with them. He was definitely a highlight of the night.The food was absolutely delicious. I had one of their specials for the day, which was basically a seafood chippino with a side of safron rice. If I could have, I would have licked the bowl clean the sauce was so good. The bread and dip they give you at the beginning of the meal are also very good. It's really easy to fill up on them. I tried the eggplant and crab tapas my friend got and they were so good. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy their food as well.The only issue I had here was the bathroom. It wasn't stocked and could have been cleaner.Besides that, the experience here was pretty wonderful and I'm already planning on dragging some of my friends and family back here.
1	The food here is ok, and I'm fine with the small plates...that's what tapas is all about. The service at this place is so bad I'm thinking about throwing my computer. Zero personalities, major attitudes, I had to ask for a napkin, the server barely came by, and when I went to wash my hands and realized there was no more paper towels, the owner (?) gave me a whole unopened package so I could fill up the dispenser myself. What a joke. Save your patience and go to any other great restaurant in Scottsdale.
2	Let's get this out of the way, the food is absolutely delicious. So why the two stars? Because the service was that bad! We were seated and about 10 minutes later a guy came by to take our drink order...the place was empty, there is no excuse for leaving someone waiting for a drink that long. He hastily delivered the drinks and bolted before I could say I was ready to order. 30 minutes later another waiter stopped by and asked "has anyone ever come by for you guys?" after I said no he then informed us that he was the only one willing to actually work tonight apparently. He was helpful in recommending some delicious tapas...but then he went over to the other staff and yelled "someone needs to figure out who is helping that table!" he never came back either....about 1 hour after arriving we finally got our meal. These were the smallest sized tapas I ever had. They were delicious but only a couple of bites for two people to share per plate. For the price I expected more. While leaving, I noticed a bunch of waiters sitting at a table on the patio messing around...ridiculous!
5	I love this place!I would come here every night they have Flamenco dances if I could cause I love Flamenco!The food here is pricy for tapas, but I'm not going to complain cause I thought overall it's pretty good. I didn't know what my friend ordered, but it was music to my palate while I savor the moment as I watched the Flamenco dancer sway, move, and stomp with a passion!  Must need strong thighs and calves I gather.  We ordered some finger potatoes with a creamy cilantro aioli, escargot in a red marinara, and some cherry tomatoes salad -- Yum Yum and Yum!The service was pretty good overall, but both host looks like they were hit mans! No disrespect, but tone it down. Suits are great, but I would go with all black with black tie to give that 5 star service flare.Ambience was great!  What can I say play some Flamenco music and yes you had me at hello! - Enjoy!
4	Great tapas.  the owner chef greeted us during our meal, he truly enjoys what he does.  Great atmosphere.
4	The food here is very good.  All of the tapas appear to be good.  Got several and enjoyed them with my wife, and father.  I was at this place last night.I still miss Iruna's, as it is closed for remodeling.  I would have gone to Iruna's if they were open.  My wife said that the food at Tapas Papa Frita was good, but like me, she wishes Iruna's would hurry up and complete their remodeling, as she likes the food better there.
4	Abby and I were cruising around Old Town on bikes when we passed a sign, "$2 tapas" 3pm - 6pm Monday-Friday. Even if the food is mediocre, that is worth a shot, especially to sit on the patio overlooking the "waterfront" and Camelback mountain.We sat down and as bikers weren't alone. There were several bikes locked up next to the patio, so I felt better about how we were dressed. Actually I normally wouldn't care about how I was dressed but the place looked so nice. One of the things I remember the most is the guy working the front door. He had this Godfather "let me take care of you guys" vibe and made me feel really comfortable about trying out this new place. Okay enough about the place, the food is what makes this place amazing. We ordered just about everything on the menu and had about 2 drinks each and walked out full and spent less than $20 w/ tip! The food had soooo much amazing flavors and the presentation was very visually pleasing. It sounds like they have a lot of interesting things going on at night but I can't wait to get back here for another happy hour.
3	I loved the service here. Our waiter was superb. I love the fact that he gave us recommendations. Reasons why he would choose certain dishes and why he'd hold off on others (not because they're not good - more bc others had richer flavors). I like waiters who can make recs like that! So for sure 5*'s for that. Price wise, it's $$ for the food that we got, but hey, this is AZ, and I guess you figure Spanish food is hard to come by. Off the happy hour tapas menu (not sure if it's the same all the time). I liked the pork. It wasn't super tender, but the flavor was good, so still enjoyable. The sole was a hit! The stuffed mussels were ok. I wouldn't recommend getting them even if you are a mussel fan. Other stuff we got:The special of the day (this was a couple weeks ago)/"octopus?": butterflied shrimp stuffed with crab. The shrimp was good, but I'm just not a fan of that crab cake type of crab taste. I like the real, fresh chunks of crab taste. It was interesting that there was a slice of bacon wrapped around. I don't regret getting it and trying it. But wasn't a favorite.Leek tart in pastry puff/Porrusalda: It was rich and flavorful, but not a favorite of mine. The hubs liked it though. Berejenas/Layered Crab & Eggplant Tart: Not bad. Pimiento Piquillo con Centollos/crab stuffed peppers in saffron sauce: Wasn't a big fan bc of the way the crab is prepared (see above comment)Ok, now for our favorite dish! The Lenguado a la Gabardina! So good! Our waiter said that the owner eats this every day. We understand why. Delicious! but seeing how much we ordered for 2, I was pretty stuffed by the end!I have a love/hate relationship with the menu. There's so much that it's annoying, yet so much that I would still like to try. We'll probably come back and try some other stuff.
4	Great food but can get very pricey because you have to order soooo many dishes to get full.  Nicholas was a great server ask for him and you are sure to have a great night. They leave a menu close by they must know the portions are small.
3	Good, large menu although a bit expensive. Service cold and slow (server only came once to our table to sell us more wine, not to ask how we were doing). Atmosphere very nice.
4	Ole! Gracias to the host for making room for my crew! This place will make you want to become a Flamenco dancer and come back for more! First glance of the place and I new I was in for a fun night full with Flamenco, Sangria, Paella and Tapas Papa Frita! Nice ambiance Spanish Style with romantic and very fitting live Flamenco entertainment. Prices were reasonable for as much or as little as wished. Your choice of Tapas topped off with a Paella for two! Walking distance to the Casablanca Lounge Outdoor patio.....European fun hopping adventure for sure!
4	After Iruna closed I was looking for something like this. While not as urban and chic as Iruna was, Tapas is a top shelf contender with a menu that will blow your mind. We tried lamb, mushroom, shrimp, crab, asparagus, and chicken dishes - all were cooked to perfection. The crab stuffed peppers and lamb chops were my favorites. I suggest the patio if the weather is nice.
5	AMAZING Place for HH!! Our fav spot for the value due to the beautiful atmosphere, great pricing and tasty apps.  They change their deals every month. We have had $1 sangrias, $2 apps and wine, 1/2 off entire bill: these are just some of the deals they have runGARLIC AIOLI!!!  I repeat again-  it is to DIE FOR!  Every person I have taken here (a dozen or so) raves about their fresh bread and aioli.   I dream of that aioli every night. :)
4	Went back here again and took my lil bro for his bday. Turns out they don't do the $2 tapas anymore. I'm not too surprised since they had to be losing a ton of money on that offer! Still great place, a bit pricey for me but excellent food.
5	We need more places like this! How fun, how authentic. I felt like I was back in Spain again. I can't rate the entree items, the apps were so great we shared 10 of them and never got to the main course. Great atmosphere, even in the summer heat the patio was fun for people watching and drinking. I am picky, as my other reviews indicate, but this is a winner.
5	What a splendid find!!! The host, Enrique, delightful, charming and made us feel most welcome. The tapas were delish. Service by Patrick was excellant with good desriptions of the menu.The music was also a huge addition to an already pleasant atmosphere.Highly recommended.
5	This was a gem. Stumbled upon this place after happy hour on a Friday evening. I'm a sucker for good Spanish tapas. The menu is incredibly diverse. My friend and I had the tempranillo braised oxtail, quail in saffron sauce, and the papas fritas (as well as 2 sangrias). The places are tapas style, so somewhat small, but the flavors were so rich. (for the rarity of these dishes, the prices were agreeable). These 3 dishes were enough to fill us up. The sangria was ok. The patio is great and cozy with lights strung up in the trees. The interior is modern with an old world Spanish flair. There was great live music the night we were there... though it would have been nice to hear more Spanish/Flamenco music (a lot of it was Mexican/ Central American style). The services was great and our server was very knowledgeable.
4	This restaurant is hiding on the 2nd floor, closer to the canal than Stetson Street. My GPS got fooled. Fortunately, my friends were smarter & left me some breadcrumbs to find them there.Speaking of bread, it's ok but the garlic aioli sauce is more than ok. Do ask for it. It goes well with...the bread ;)I got the entree, sole dipped in egg. Amen. That's all I can say. Always nervous ordering seafood in Arizona. This was great. Very fresh.My friends did the tapas thing. I tried their croquettes de Jamon. They were good but we didn't find any Jamon in there.The waiter was from Spain. What a refreshing change of pace. I speak a little Spanish & had a blast trying to converse.There was a bit of live flamenco, but my eye was more distracted by the flat screen showing the NBA Finals :DBring some friends, try a bunch of stuff. I think you'll enjoy it.
3	Very nice place on the Scottsdale Waterfront!  I want to give this place the benefit of the doubt as I visited right after the Spain vs. Italy final soccer game today...of course, not realizing it.  The place was in utter chaos and quite a mess.  I was starving though, so decided to stay.  It took quite a while to get a place cleaned off, offered a menu and a drink.  The tapas was delicious and half price from 3-6pm - bonus!  I enjoyed the leek tart, ham and cheese croquettes and garlic chicken casserole with carrots.  The noise was almost unbearable though as the owner's children (told to me by a server) were blowing whistles nonstop...ugh!
2	Not the best. Quality of the food has gone down hill. We were the only table there and service was very slow. The gazpacho is like a cold tomato bisque, don't order.
5	What a wonderful place for a night out.....whether with a group of friends, or on a date, I highly recommend this restaurant.My wife and I had a delicious meal of several appetizers, followed by paella.  Our tapas included:  a portabella mushroom stuffed with goat cheese, a potato pie, and two artichoke hearts dipped in eggand lightly fried.  We had fun debating which one was best....but, that was a wasted discussion once the (vegetarian) paella was brought to the table.  It was authentic and wonderful!  Clearly, we stuck with a vegetarian theme, but diners all around us were equally delighted by their meat dishes.And here's the thing about this restaurant....we ate outside on a Saturday night in August - usually, not much fun in Scottsdale.   But, the powerful misting system kept us amazingly cool!  We felt like we'd gone on a vacation to escape the heat, but only traveled about 8 miles from our home.  A real treat for us desert dwellers.
4	This place is ridiculously delicious.  I'd recommend it for larger dinner parties, only because it's nice to be able to sample the variety of dishes they have.  The menu is extensive.  We had six tapas dishes (my husband and me) and would've kept going except that since we were forced to eat slowly and in small portions, we actually did get full after a while.  We had spanish meatballs, an eggplant crab tart (our least favorite and we really liked it), an open faced empanada, a leek puff pastry (incredible) tenderloin skewers, and the ham and cheese croquettes.  Everything was delicious.  We wished that the plates had an equal number of items for splitting and sharing purposes.  Maybe the dishes could have had a little more food on them.  Overall, though, we truly enjoyed our experience.  Our server was great, the ambiance inside was very comfortable.  I'd definitely go back with a group.
5	As someone who has lived in Spain and loves the culture and the food, I am picky about my Iberian culinary adventures.  And as much as you'd think tapas would be a fantastic choice for a meal, for one reason or another the whole concept often tends to get lost in translation with the food barely resembling its Spanish counterpart.  Having been disappointed by another Spanish restaurant in Scottsdale that I won't name here, I was cautious about Papa Frita as I got there for my birthday.  Luckily the place was a pleasant surprise!  The mood was great, great lighting and atmosphere.  Our party of 20+ was accommodated with no problems and set at a large table in the middle of the floor.  Flamenco dancing was in full swing.  We settled for a taster menu and got about half a dozen different tapas each leading up to the seafood paella.  While the bill was pretty pricey (may be 3x what it would have cost in Spain), it was pretty much in line or even a bit less than a typical Spanish restaurant.Overall, good stuff.  Great for very large parties too, as it's difficult to find places like this in Scottsdale.
4	We were there for a family dinner with my 1 year old baby, The weather was perfect for sit outside, My husband and I different tapas, I ordered ham and cheese croquet, olives and a kind of pastry that I dont remember the name, I liked everything, we also drink Sangria, it was delicious. We were there on Sunday night, and It was kind of quiet.
3	My husband and I went for AZ restaurant week and then decided we'd rather order tapas instead. We got five, and they were all very tasty. Small plates, yes, but five of them filled us up (or the two baskets of bread with the delectable, creamy dipping sauce did...probably that). Either way, we liked the shrimp and artichoke/chickpea dip tapas the most. They were a little pricey compared to portion size, but they were very delicious, so I'd recommend.We loved the white sangria the most. Big, cold, perfect pitcher. The only thing not perfect? The price. $36 for a pitcher of sangria. Alas, it is Scottsdale, so you accept it.Lastly, we went on a Saturday night. There was flamenco dancing with Spanish guitar. Entertaining and enjoyable. Part of me wishes we sat out on the patio, though, because it seemed more romantic and the weather was lovely.
2	I had been at this restaurant when it first opened and had nice service and food.The restaurant is spacious and nicely decorated with lots of indoor and outdoor seating.Last Saturday, my husband and I decided to revisit for an early dinner. We arrived around 6pm and did not have reservations. There was ONE party on the patio and a few parties inside. There were at least 20 or more open tables and nobody at the bar. The hostess greeted us and asked if we had a reservation. When we told her "no", she ROLLED HER EYES and said that she was sorry that she had nothing available.I asked her about the 20-30 EMPTY tables and told her that we only wanted a quick bite, but she told me that they were full and we could sit at the bar, that there was plenty of room there.FULL? (I think she meant EMPTY).Actually there was plenty of room EVERYWHERE and nobody coming up to the doors. so I was surprised.I chose to leave the restaurant and NOT give them my service primarily due to the hostess 'rolling of the eyes' and condescending attitude.Every other restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale would happily seat us no matter how busy they were, so we chose to spend our money elsewhere.Actually we went to COWBOY CIAO, which was full, but they worked us in, seated us immediately in a quaint little table & gave us excellent, friendly service. WIth that, we ordered a whole bottle of wine, pigged out and enjoyed the awesome atmosphere!
5	The service is so mediocre it almost feels like your in Spain, however the food and atmosphere  more then make up for it! Our favorite tapas was the goat cheese stuff dates wrapped in bacon so good
3	This place is entertaining from a people-watching perspective. On this Saturday night, there were 3 groups over 20 each enjoying the food, dancing and music. Unfortunately for the rest of us, we got some of what we ordered as the service was lame.For some reason, we never got the lamb, had to beg to get the Shrimp and the mushrooms and the crab were skipped. The paella was great and made up for the crappy service. We were full, and the embarrassed servers offered us free dessert as they knew they had "issues". We passed and they insisted on free "Coffee drinks" which we didn't pass up.I'd go back, but I'd skip the Tapas and go straight to the Paella. Fairly expensive for the value
5	I love the food at this place! I actually love alot of things about this place. The only thing is that it can be expensive without you even realizing untill you get the bill. My advice... go for 1/2 price tapas at happy hour! Gazpacho is my favorite only $5. They have this crab stuffed pepper that is to die for.
4	This place is very nice date restaurant.  They had a Spanish band and dancers.  The food was great.  They also have a good patio.
4	Been there twice. Awesome food and ambiance !
2	My wife and I decided to try this restaurant for the first time tonight for Happy Hour. We walked into the Restaurant at about 5 pm. When we walked in the hostess was not at her post but there were two gentlemen behind the station, talking, conversing and completely ignoring us even though they could clearly see that we were needing to be seated...not a great first impression. We had walk over to the bar to ask if someone could seat us and a nice gentlemen in a Chef's coat sat us in a nice outdoor patio. Our waiter came over without menus and asked us if we wanted Sangrias but really had no idea what was in the drink. We had to ask for menus. We then asked for water with a plate of lemons and he returns holding two small sticks by a paper towel with two small slices of lemon. Our food was decent but really lacked much taste or flavor. The best dish and one we liked was the Garlic/Wine Gulf Shrimp. The Calamari was sub par and the three sauces that came with it again had no taste. The rolls were cold, dry and tasted like day old bread from the sale rack at Frys. This restaurant is truly overpriced for this level of food and service. Our waiter was nice but not trained well by anyone's standards.  The atmosphere was pleasant but we are not planning on returning any day soon.
3	Our group tried the family plate which has good variety, and everything in it had good to excellent flavor.  The presentation was nice and all the meats were cooked appropriately.  The paella was skillfully prepared with great tasting perfectly cooked rice, authentic chorizo chunks, large pieces of shrimp and chicken all seasoned expertly in a great tasting sauce.  The Sangria had a fresh, satisfying taste, but we thought was exorbitantly priced, at $30 for a small pitcher.  As good as the food is, I'd have to say our meal was over priced, totaling more than $70 per person.  In this price level, I'd have to say there are much better options in the area, unless the group is dead-set on Spanish food.
3	We were excited to try this place and I really liked the idea of it more than I ended up actually enjoying it. The food was ok but nothing seemed to really stand out and it seemed to be somewhat high in price for what we got.The service seemed pretty good but not any better than that. I am not jumping at the chance to go back but I may if the mood strikes me.
5	This place pleases me...regularly
5	This place is amazing. Real Spanish tapas, great sangria, and the paella is unbelievable. The owner is so nice and a little crazy lol but he treats you like family. To me you can't beat place.
5	I love this place with an undying passion! In fact, I am going there right now!
1	This is my first time writing a review so here goes; I will try to keep it short & to the point. Terrible, slow, service paired with auto-gratuity that isn't deserved (the menu says 18% for large parties but our server opted to give himself 20%..), the food is delivered family-style (even if you each order individually) and if you don't pay close attention to what you ordered you'll find yourself missing food that they simply never brought out to your table (until you repeatedly ask where it is and they finally bring it two hours after your reservation time).  On a positive note, everything we ordered was delicious, especially the crab stuffed peppers!But because of the other factors that occurred I would simply never visit this place again, no matter how good the food was. Working at a restaurant myself it is hard for me to overlook these issues especially since the staff didn't seem to care when we were having issues & still charged us for the food that we had to BEG to get because it was taking so long.
3	We stopped in at Tapas Papa Frita after plans to go to another restaurant fell through.  The atmosphere was fun. There was a live entertainment, a band and dancer.  We ordered the chef's 9 plate tasting menu since we were not familiar with the restaurant.  Overall, the food was tasty and prepared well.  The beef in particular was very good.  Our server was really nice but did not check in very often and service was a little slow.  I do recommend trying out the tasting menu.  Oh, and the bread is phenomenal. I would give an extra half star for it if I could.
1	My experience  on Saturday, February 16, 2012 was beyond horrible, no words could truly explain what my party went through and how badly we were treated. I had put in reservations for a party of 15 at 7:15PM. When I got there, I informed my server Eduardo right away that 4 people were not coming and at that point he removed one of the tables. We were there to celebrate my birthday which was completely ruined. When I came in the door, I had brought a cake, the girl at the front asked me if she needed me to put it in the frig, I told her yes, and she took it. No one ever told me that I was going to be charged a fee to eat my own cake! Our server was not the greatest server because he was not very attentive. I was not surprised because I have been there 2 other times in large parties and he was the same; however, tonight was the straw that broke the camel's back. We had to wait for bread, we waited forever for food, yes, my party did not all show up right away, but in the same respect, no one ever told us that our entire party had to be present to be seated. I learned this tonight after the fact. So it seems to me that the staff also plays part in a lack of communication.So not only was Eduardo, short, and rude he honestly shocked me at the end of the night of how badly he treated my party. I have never been treated with so much disrespect and I have never met a server who is so arrogant and a complete a**hole.  When I asked him for my cake he asked me if I knew about the fee. I thought he was kidding, what fee? You're going to charge me a fee to eat my own cake that I bought? He said; don't get mad at me I don't make the rules. That just pissed me off more. I got up and wanted to talk to a manager so I went over to the bar. I asked another server for the manager and he told me that she was not as personable, so if I wanted to tell him, he would summarize it for me. I basically started to tell him, that I don't know what's the server's problem with the bad service and attitude. Clearly, he didn't care to truly serve my table or bother to worry about giving good customer service because we were a large party and his tip was automatically calculated at 18%. I don't feel  I should have paid him that 18% after the way I was treated. My server came right up behind me while I was telling this to the other server and I had no problem him hearing what I had to say. I went back to my table and he came over and with again, an attitude, tried to make a point to me and said, that guy you were talking to wasn't the manager. I told him that I knew that, but that he was going to summarize it to the manager. He then told me that the manager wasn't there. (Really, you don't have a manager there on a busy night? Come on!) I then told him that I wanted to talk to someone anyone other than him; he said that the owner was cooking. So I said that I wanted him to talk to me, he then told me good luck because he's cooking, and said I guess you're going to have to have to wait 2 or 3 hours. OMG!!! Really, who the hell says that to a customer? He said just tell me what's wrong so I can try to fix it, I again, told him, I don't want your help. He then said to me, well, I'm the ONLY one that can get you your cake! WHAT!!!! Who the hell says that! So now he's refusing to give me my own cake that I brought? What a jerk! One of the ladies in my party got up and started talking to him in Spanish and told him that he needed to get the owner. Our server Eduardo said that he was going to call the police!! What!! Seriously! This guys is crazy, has NO CUSTOMER SERVICE, and doesn't give  because he's getting his tip NO MATTER WHAT! My friend had to talk to the owner through a kitchen window, this is unbelievable. Instead of listening to what we really had to say about the customer service, you tried to shut us up by telling us that you're running a business and you gave us a bottle of Champaign. I didn't want a bottle of anything, I just wanted to not tip the server because he was soooooooo RUDE! I came to this place because  the tapas are good, but now, I will NEVER come back to this restaurant.  I will tell every single person I know so that they don't experience the horrible service that I received, AND I know for a fact that my table was pissed and that they will tell every single person they know too.Running a business or not, customer service is the key, you won't have customers coming to your business if your server keeps treated people this badly.  So Thank you for ruining my birthday and for giving me the worst experience of my life that I have EVER Received!!!
5	Amazing! The food is authentic, and very delicious. The service was impeccable and it is in a wonderful location in Downtown and right on the waterfront! I love this place and cannot wait to go back!!!
3	Went to Tapas Papa Frita with the family.  It was a busy Friday night, but easily reserved a 4 top via Open Table.  The restaurant is loud and very difficult to have a conversation especially with the kids.  The Flamenco dancers were great as the kids loved to watch them.  So for an authentic experience it was a nice place for the kids.The Tapas were hit or miss for me.  Some had great flavor like the crab dish, but the calamari was bland as were the meatballs.   I ordered the Shrimp Diablo Paella an it was fantastic!!!   I would go back and have another Paella dish, but I won't be running back anytime soon.   Nice place, but no WOW factor.
5	We arrived late afternoon for happy hour.  Greeted by the owner, who put up with my middling Spanish and gave recommendations for upcoming trip to Spain/France.  Service was prompt, courteous, and attentive.  The restaurant is open and airy, with good views of the neighborhood.Ordered off the regular and happy hour menu.  Options off both menus were excellent.  Sangrias were smooth and very tasty, not the usual bad wine stuffed with fruit.We had the spicy potato cake (5 stars), saffron rice with chicken (5 stars), leek tart (5 stars), Tortilla de Patatas (4 stars), Crab-stuffed peppers (5 stars), and Lamb Chops (4 stars - a little underdone for our taste).An excellent range of well-blended tastes, definitely a welcome taste of Spain.  We'll be back when we can!
5	Amazing Tapas and Amazing Chef/Owner
5	Really good place the food and price are really good, try paella valenciana and sopa de mariscos
5	I am so glad I went to Tapas Papa Frita for happy hour last Friday! They have 2 dollar tapas (the crab salad tapa was amazing- I ordered two) and 2 dollars glasses of white or red sangria- the white was definitely more of my taste! The patio was beautiful and the service staff was amazing! I can't wait to go back again!
1	Beautiful setting. Ok food. Horribly slow service. Don't come here if you're hungry!
5	Delicious authentic tapas, incredible sangria, and mouth watering paella. The patio area is very intimate with a great ambiance, even if seated next to super obnoxious drunk tourists who pronounce tapas as "taay-puhs". This has been our go to for special occasions such as an anniversary or New Year's Eve. But it's also a great pick me up for a weekday when a craving for sangria strikes. Either way we get great service every time. It's definitely an experience, one that continues to surprise with something exciting or undiscovered every visit. Even the bread and garlic aioli is incredible. Gambas al ajillo is another favorite. I have a garlic addiction, what can I say?As an AZ native, the thought of fancying up a canal and calling it the "waterfront" is hilarious. But the patio does have a really relaxing vibe next to the water and you can forget for a moment that a canal isn't terribly exciting.
3	During AZ Restaurant week some establishments do a great job of highlighting their menu and service-hey it's all about repeat business-so why wouldn't they want to impress you? Nonetheless there are always a few that give off the vibe they're just phoning it in-or perhaps this is their vibe all the time....Case in point Tapas Papa Frita had been on my husbands list to try for years. We were really excited to eat here. Decor: Gorgeous-the inside is dim and moody with dark wood and tile accents. The patio is very romantic under it's grape-lined pergola and beautiful shade trees.Starters:  Watermelon ahi ceviche and crab-stuffed piquillo peppers. The watermelon was so crisp and fresh and complemented the ahi nicely.Entrees: Braised salmon and seafood paella. My salmon was cooked wonderfully with a buttery-lemon sauce and came with a side of safron rice.  We know that "mixed" or valenciana paella is a combination of meat and seafood, but we both assumed the "seafood" paella, as it's listed on the menu, had just that-seafood. My husband even inquired if it had bacon or anything in it, to which our server informed us it had sausage but that he could get it without. She failed to mention it also had chicken....so we essentially ate our meals separately as he had to wait another 15-20 for a meat-free seafood paella.Dessert: Churros & chocolate, and apple empanada. The churros were crispy and sugary with their delicious melted chocolate, and the apple empanada had a nice flaky crust. All the food was really delicious-even the corrected paella turned out to be wonderful. Where this restaurant lost my vote was service. They seemed off point on so many levels. We did have a conscientious busboy who kept us supplied with water, but everyone else: the hostess who didn't smile, our indifferent server, the food runners-no one seemed like they gave a crap. Wrong food brought to our table,and others, as we observed; Mixing up orders between my husband and I-which is no problem-but when they ask who had what, and we tell them, and they put it down the wrong way and walk away it says to the customer "I don't care". At one point when our starters came out I was reaching across the table for a piece of bread and the food runner didn't want to wait for me and tried to put my plate down on top of my arm. No joke. Perhaps because it was a prix fixe menu? We felt like no one was putting in any effort except the kitchen.For a $$$ rated restaurant, they have to impress me with service as well as food, or it's not worth a return trip.
3	This was our second restaurant choice for AZ Restaurant week. for 40 bucks/person, we were able to pick from numerous tasty looking options for an app, an entree, and a dessert. this price also included either a red or white sangria. i assume the food was cooked to order since it took a while to get to our table, which i really appreciate. my stuffed pepper app was good, but for some reason, looked like it had been made about 30 minutes prior to me ordering it. for my dessert, i had the chocolate churro and it was decadently delicious. it came with 4 cinnamon and sugar coated churros and a small dipping cup of warm chocolate. an excellent, excellent dessert. my entree was good. they offered seafood paella and just to be safe, i asked our server if there was pork in it. she said yes and then said they could make it without pork. i guess i should've have asked if there was other meat in it as well, but i assumed she would think no pork might also mean no beef or chicken. the dish arrives and along with a scrumptious helping of seafood, was full of beef and/or chicken. she gladly took it back and brought out a new plate of paella with only seafood. by this time, i had eaten so much of the free bread, i was only able to eat about 1/4 of the dish. but yes, it was good.the cons...the 3 stars wasn't necessarily for the food, but for what felt like a disorganization. we were approached by 2 food runners with the wrong plates, and noticed the same problem with the tables on either side of us. when my wife's dish was served, the server just sort of plopped the plate down on my wife's arm. i didn't care for the sangria...it tasted a little too much like hunch punch i use to make in high school. our main server was fine, not mean, not friendly, just kind of there. a cute little spot right on the canal in old town, but for the regular menu prices and lackluster service, i doubt we'll be back. btw, they did have a fabulous band and dancers later in the evening.
2	I always wanted to try this restaurant, so when it was available for restaurant week, we gave it a try.  I strongly have to agree with other recent reviewers that the service and management of this place needs a serious overhaul.  Our service was very impersonal.  The hostess was indifferent when we arrived - barely acknowledging us when we walked into the door and struggling to even smile.  We came well before classic Scottsdale rush hour and the restaurant was not even 50% full.  Our service was so slow.  Our waitress had very few tables and barely paid attention to us sometimes disappearing for 30-45 minutes at a time.  As an example, it took us 30 minutes for us to get our desert after they cleared our dinner plates.  She never offered coffee or after dinner drinks.  Our waitress disappeared during the whole time.    We had to ask a bus boy for help.  Our food was average at best including very bland rice dishes and to have that at a Spanish restaurant!?! Come on.  Save your money and try somewhere else nearby.  This area definitely has better restaurants to offer.
5	What can I say about this place other than it was the absolute best dining experience my husband and I have had in a very very long time and if I could give 10 stars I would!I happened to spot this place last week when walking around old town last weekend and it looked so lively and I love Spanish food so we made the trip last night. It was fairly busy when we arrived around 915pm and we were created my an older gentlemen in a t shirt and apron.. he was very welcoming and enthusiastic! He sat us on their lovely patio right where we had a perfect view of the flamenco dancers and live guitarist. Our waiter took quite a long time to greet us but the busser came out with menus and water. Then our waiter came and got our drink order but kept us waiting a long time. One thing about this place is service is slow and that's how they do it there so expect it. While we were waiting the older gentlemen came back to make sure we had ordered or been helped. We explained we hadn't put our order in yet, but was not a big deal since we were watching the show. He then introduced himself as Joseph the owner and head chef! Then the real experience started! He told us about his menu and everything sounded so good so we decided to let him order for us.Everything was absolutely fantastic! We started with bread and garlic aoli, the garlic shrimp so delicious. As we were waiting Joseph was having a down to earth conversation with us telling us about his family, showing us his kids, telling us about spain and his life there. He was a real delight to speak with and was so humble. He was showing us his garden right next the patio where most of their ingredients from. He grows apples, figs, peppers, tomatos, cauliflower, pumpkin, squash, cilantro, basil, and a lot more stuff I can't remember. He uses no pesticides or chemicals. Now I was impressed and hadn't even eaten but one dish yet! Then the waiter started bringing out out the rest of the food, crab stuffed peppers, lamb chops, beef tenderloin, bacon wrapped goat cheese dates, manchego cheese, then paella which was to die for!  Everything was finger licking good! After we finished dinner Joseph came over again and brought us some dessert which was plaintains with pistachio ice cream smothered in liquor 43 which was so good, dessert shots on the house, and even had our wine taken off our bill. I thought this was so nice of him and was completely unexpected! In all this place is divine and we were made to feel like family which is above beyond most places. We will definitely be back and will bring our friends and family! This place is a gem and if your looking for an experience this is the place!
5	First time here and really didn't know what to expect. When the happy hour food came out the portion was very small but outstanding flavor and sauce. Dipping the bread in the sauce was so mouth watering. I just couldn't get enough. I had the rabbit which was very tender and the shrimp.
5	Came here for drinks before dinner since I heard about the Flamenco show...sit at the bar, order appetizers and just watch the performance (Fri and Sat 7-9 pm). Such a fun spot and I wish we stayed longer but we had dinner reservations elsewhere that I wanted to check out.  Spain in Scottsdale experience all the way!!!
4	I've been here twice now.  Once for happy hour where my girlfriend and I sat out on the patio and had wine along with an array of mouth watering tapas.  I remember the prices were so reasonable, we ended up ordering one of everything off the happy hour menu just to taste the tapas.  I think we were 95% happy with everything we tried.Last night I met a friend of mine there to watch flamenco dancing which they have on a stage on Thurs, Fri, and Sat. nights.I ordered a vodka and tonic and the bartender asked me as an afterthought if I wanted lime.  I said yes and he proceeded to bring me 3 in a glass cup.  But the limes looked old and dried up.  Small detail I know.  He shoulda thrown the lime slice in my drink then I would never have known!Then I asked for olives which he proceeded to bring to me wrapped up in a cocktail napkin . . . for such a nice place, I think he could have brought it to me in a glass!When the restaurant is nice, in a prime location, I expect the standards to be a little higher.  Tapas Papa Frita is not a dive bar!The other thing I was disappointed with was the stage was set off to the side by the bar area so if you were there to have dinner and to watch the show, you really can't unless you are sitting by the bar area.  In relation to the main dining area, I would say the stage is tucked away in the upper right corner and the performers are performing directly facing the bar.Nonetheless, I like Tapas Papa Frita and I would return again for the food, drinks, and atmosphere.
2	My brother is a huge fan of this place, so he's the one that introduced us here.  So far, we've been to this restaurant 2 times.. both for celebratory events (birthdays).There are a ton of reviews, so I'm going to make it short and sweet:- food not on the HH menu is expensive and, for what I've tasted (which was actually quite a lot of dishes), there were only a few that deserved that pricing (one I recall was the lamb chops)... and if I don't remember the food I had, it's cuz I didn't find it that memorable.- it is super trendy and thus crowded and you *need* a reservationThis is NOT how I enjoyed having tapas in Spain... things were casual, affordable, simple but tasty, not pompous nor snobbish.  That is the kind of tapas place I would like to go to (and was expecting my first time here).Short story: not really my kind of place... food wasn't memorable enough (nor was the ambiance enjoyable enough) for my taste.. wasn't worth the money we blew eating here... sorry, bro....
5	What a great time we had!  The food, the dancing!
1	We (myself, Fiance and father in-law to be) came here for late lunch/ happy hour. We were seated quickly but our server did not greet us for another ten minutes (we were wondering if we would get service at all). For the day and time we went, there were only a few people at the bar and another four-top in the place. The wine we ordered had been sitting wayyy too long, and the teas were so watered down I am sure we were actually drinking water. We ordered from the Tapas menu, a goat cheese filled portobello mushroom, garlic shrimp, and some beef skewers. We were are highly disappointed. I understand what tapas means (small), but boy oh boy was I shocked. I got one stuffed mushroom which was the size of my 4 year old nieces fist. The beef skewers were like rubber mats and to top everything off, the flavor was lacking! We ended our meal and left. Needless to say, I dont understand why there are so many positive reviews for this place, its clear there is some loyalty here- but we will not be returning. Sorry Tapas, Imma tap you out and go somewhere else!
5	Love this place. Yumi La Rosa and her group does beautiful artful flamenco on the small stage near the bar Friday and Saturday evenings. Not to be missed!!!The tapas is always very good. The bartender suggested the seafood and I wasn't disappointed. A cool glass of Pino Grigio was perfect.
4	I used to work literally across the street, and still only came here maybe once or twice a year for happy hour. What they consider happy hour prices is much more expensive what I consider happy hour prices. However, the food is good, and the service is good. They even have a doggy area for people like me who like to take their dog with them. It is very expensive, but it is a nice treat.
4	Great place to relax and enjoy their patio on a Thursday night. Local artisans and musicians set up on the bridge a few yards away. Great spot to enjoy the ambiance of Old Scottsdale.   Good tapas,  but the Valencia paella is authentic and wonderful. Loved it!
5	Best tapas anywhere in the valley and my current favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The escalivalda is great. The goat cheese ball is to die for. Lovely patio and knowledgeable service.
3	I'm here now, this place is totally mediocre. And the dancing / music? That's not fun, just totally irritating. I'd give it 2 stars but a few of the dishes were quite good. Check please!!!
1	Way to over priced. Went for happy hour, and left not so happy with how much the drinks are. The whole place was also empty....I think I know why.
5	Delicious food and sangrias - definitely going back!
3	The place is nice for a romantic dinning...but the food and prices are not that worth to go there again. Everything is over priced and the amount of food is like baby bite. I ordered 7 tapas for 2 people ($80 not includes drinks)...we are only 70% full...but lucky that we asked for addition order of "free breads". Use the bread dipped in the left over sauce on the plate, then we call it done for the day.Stuffed squid: thumb size -room temperature - one piece - nothing taste specailCrab Stuffed in peper: thumb size - two piece - room temperature- real crab meat but can't taste the fresh, and texture like mesh potato in pepper...Escargots: a nickle size - about 8 pieces - it is hot - taste olive oil and garlic - it is alright - something can't eat everywhereLamb rack: 2 pieces, cooked medium well, tender, 3/16" thick, 1"x2" of meat, warm, - worth to order itOx tail: one medium size of ox tail (as big as 1 yrs old baby's hand), $8?? I believe it is pre-cooked, the outside is warm, the inside is less then room temperature, I really want to ask the waiter to take the ox tail, put in back to the microware to re-heat for another minutes..but the food just too small...just eat and swallow...(don't try to complain, the waiter always not around).Potatos: $7 for 14 pieces of fries...totally not worth it....Paella: One of the main reason to go to this restaurant, this is hot, and the taste is not disappointed. About 1.5 bowls of rice with all kinds of seafood....but i don't like that shrimps....not fresh... for 14 pieces of fries...totally not worth it....Paella: One of the main reason to go to this restaurant, this is hot, and the taste is not disappointed. About 1.5 bowls of rice with all kinds of seafood....but i don't like that shrimps....not fresh...
2	Pitcher of sangria $36!? Extremely hard to understand the waiter while he explains the specials. Also, his recommendations were way off! $50 per person or the prix fix -paella and tapas. No thanks, I'll pay $20 for paella for the table and get individual tapas for each person. "Well the $20 paella usually serves just 1" he said. Well I'll be the judge of that. I order it, it comes, a huge skillet with rice, 5 shrimp, 6 mussels, 6 clams, chicken and sausage. ALL 4 of us couldn't finish it. Not an enriching experience. In my opinion.
1	My boyfriend and I were sooo unimpressed. The service was not top notch and it was overpriced (as many others have said), but that is not the reason for the bad review. The food simply was not good. The paella was completely unauthentic. It seemed like there was some sort of pre-made rice mix they used (with shriveled peas) and they just threw some seafood or meat in there. We took a couple of bites and couldn't bring ourselves to eat any more.My boyfriend even threw up after we got home. We were so excited that there was an authentic spanish restaurant in Arizona, but it was far from authentic. On the plus side,the tapas were better than the paella. I think that the best part of the meal BY FAR was the bread with some sort of garlic aioli dip. So, if you go here, stick with the bread and tapas and stay away from the main dishes.
4	This is a restaurant where the service tops the food. The owner was very polite, and informative. We order a variety to dishes to try. Shrimps, squid,rabbit, pork, and beef. But I believe the best dish was the lamb shank. It was fork tender and well marinated. Definitely come back.
5	Amazing food and service.  Eduardo was an exceptional waiter also Marcos the hostess/runner talked us into a wonderful evening. Great atmosphere we will definitely be back!! Love this place!! Thank you for a wonderful dinner. Lori Agresta.
1	This place is basically a good looking place at a great location that serve mediocre pricey food...not for me
2	II had high hopes for this place "Authentic Spanish Tapas and Cuisine are the highlight".   I will give them 2 stars for having good tapas although extremely pricey.  Beware that if they offer you 6 tapas for two for $25 they mean $25 per person.Paella at this establishment is anything but authentic.  Their paella is made with long grain rice, not Arroz Bomba de Calasparra or Arroz Bomba de Valencia or any other variant - but long grain rice!  Why advertise yourself as authentic?  Paella is all about the rice and cooking technique.
3	we went a little overboard here but it was worth it. We ordered so many small plates because we wanted to try so many different things. I mainly stuck with the vegetable plates and the boyfriend went for the meats. I was over all pretty happy with everything i ordered.. the garbanzo bean spinach dip was my absolute favorite but besides that nothing really knocked my socks off. My boyfriend was very happy with his dishes so it was money well spent. Our server was very informational and super helpful and took great care of us. Small plates are the way to go if you're looking to share and get a diverse amount of dishes.Live music.. pretty interior and exterior views.
5	Ok, "inexpensive" it is not.  But this restaurant is about taking a group for a celebratory evening, and it is stunning for that.  A gorgeous space, amazing live Flamenco or Latin music on the weekends, remarkable staff, a Chef Owner who loves interacting with his patrons and just makes a dining party fall in love with food -- and what glorious food!  After three visits and dozens of different tapas orders, I still am making discoveries.  Get five or more friends together, bring your appetites, and don't worry about the bill.  Heaven doesn't care about the cost.  A flawless place.
3	I'll have to back for the food.  But if you are just looking for Flamenco, some libations in a urban casual atmosphere it is better at The Crescent Ballroom (6p-8pish) on Saturdays.  Not a compensated endorsement.  I love me some Flamenco and seek out places who have regular performances.  Watching it at TPF was difficult because sitting at the bar is really the only place to watch it on its small stage and you have to dodge the waitstaff as they come and go to serve the patrons on the patio. The night we were there there was a bachelorettte party in a large table to the right of the stage and it was really tacky to listen to them yelling "Shot....Shot...Shot" as the performance was occurring.  I would have to go back to see how the food compares to what I enjoyed while in Spain.
4	Loved it.  Authentic tapas. Good wine. Great service.   If you want this type of experience , go for it.  It will not disappoint
4	Went here for a bday party.  All of the food was amazing!  We had six different Tapas and a huge pan of Paella and loved every bite!  They also had music and a flamenco dancing to add to the fun!
5	TAPAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Awesome food. The waiter was very helpful in picking authentic spanish food.  They also had live entertainment while we were there.
5	The food was so delicious! I didn't really know what a lot of it was but I enjoyed every bite. If you don't eat tapas a lot I'd Google some of this in advance so you know what to expect but it was all really good. We got four small plates which was awesome for two people. Very filling but not too much food. It was all kind of rich as well so don't go in expecting many low calorie options. The service was great and the flamenco was really cool for the atmosphere.
4	awesome tapas, had a great time on valentine's day. live music and food. you can't go wrong with that.
4	I have dined and gone to heaven!! Loved this place! We ate pretty much everything on the menu and everything was amazing. The lamb chops, crab stuffed peppers, papas, paella, I could go on but it's getting embarrassing were seriously delish! But even better than the food was the sangria! I wonder if there's crack in it because it was addicting. After about 4 pitchers I lost count on how many we ordered. Lol definitely recommend coming here. The location is awesome too!
1	Stopped in for Tapas and Drinks. Great location, lively atmosphere,TERRIBLE service. We heard our waiter complaining to the hostess that we were only 2 people for his 4 top table and he walked away from us. Took 15 mins to take our drink order. Ordered 4 plates, first 2 came out and were barely warm but the pork tenderloin was good with a lovely sauce but no bread.... That came 15 mins later after we asked our waiter and another server for it,  other server said they were waiting for it to come out of the oven and she would bring it as soon as it was done. Our waiter then brought us cold stale bread and then 2 mins later the server brought us the so called 'fresh out of the oven' bread which was cold and stale but she did offer to heat it up for us!Our waiter didn't check on us to refresh drinks at all. He was also serving at the bar and we saw him carrying a trash can and then serving food to some other people! Yuk! He cleared our plates without asking if we had finished.Overall a bad experience we will not be back. Would have ordered more if the sevice was good but didn't want to spend another penny in this place, won't be back!
4	I'm on a roll...3rd review in 3 days.Good food, good service, I would go back. Ordered several small plates (passed on the special the waiter offered) and all were tasty. Garbanzo bean and spinach, sausage and red bean soup, tenderloin and portobello mushroom and feta cheese.
4	Don't understand the negative reviews. Food was great, service excellent and ambiance fantastic. A little pricey but well worth it. Our visitors loved this place.
1	IF YOU WANT TO LEAVE IN AN AMBULANCE: And end up in the ER all night (after fainting and going into convulsions) like both my other half and my friends wife did on Friday night, right after their meal...then go ahead and risk your entire weekend (and possibly life, depending on your age) by eating this terribly low quality, toxic, unsanitary, poisonous food...and enjoy the bill at full price with not a single item removed or even an simple I'm sorry from anyone in the restaurant. Worst experience ever! Ruined our birthday dinner and everyone's weekend. And both girls still don't feel right 5 days later...
5	Great selection of tapas including ox tails which is a rarity to find in this neck of the woods!Servers are great, flamenco music and dance happens regularly and we found this to be a great night out.Typically we steer away from scottsdale eateries over the weekend but this was a great night out, not overly packed, and the filet tapas were amazing.Olives, not so much, and mushrooms were lame but everything else was fabulous
1	Absolutely the worst service!!We weren't very hungry. We just wanted to share a Paella. She basically starts trying to force us to get a sampler. The up selling was ridiculous.When our food came they came and dropped off all this food we did not order. 10 mins later the waitress came and we told her we didn't order it. She said yes we did and got pissed at us!!! Grabbed the food and finally came back with our paella 30 mins later.
5	Best tapas I've had west of Madrid.  Joseph, the Spanish chef/owner knows how to create an amazing experience, and the food matches the great ambiance.  If you're looking for tapas, or a great venue for a night out with friends, this is a can't-miss choice.  I'm originally from San Francisco, which boasts a couple of world class tapas restaurants... Finding a restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale, on the Waterfront, that takes tapas to a whole different level was an unexpected surprise.  I'll be going back soon.
5	Love tapas papas! Great vibes, service and amazing food. Live music and dancing on the weekends. Fun place to bring big groups or go on a date night. Never have been disappointed by any of the tapas and the traditional paella was amazing. Must try the sangria and the beef tenderloin tapas, lamp chops are also a favorite. End the night with the amazing and creamy flan!
4	Great night based off previous Yelpers! We are out of towners looking for a great tapas place in the Scottsdale area and Tapas Papas Frita popped up. We got a great seat outside on the patio facing the common area which had a band and was great ambiance. Service was quick, friendly and authentic! We enjoyed some great tapas starters before sharing the signature paella..which was fantastic!! We washed it all down with some wonderful white wine sangria. Would definitely return if we could and maybe sit inside to enjoy the flamenco dancing and music.
5	Amazing place would def recommend. Food, service, and environment. Great place for a date or to just sit and enjoy true Spanish food.
2	The first time we visited this restaurant (September 2013) we weren't incredibly impressed.  The hostess was pleasant but our waitress wasn't the friendliest or most helpful.  We were seated inside and the band was playing.  The band was so loud our table couldn't carry on a decent conversation without feeling like we were yelling at each other.   Someone in our party asked for a recommendation and had some questions regarding a menu item.  The waitress  gave a brief description of the item and basically suggested "it's up to you" (most of the time when this question is asked, the wait staff usually answers with a "my favorite on the menu is....).  At this point we'd had it with the yelling so we asked if a table outside was available.  Luckily, there was, so we moved outside.  It was a little better outside (noise-wise) and the patio has a nice vibe with the lighting and the waterway.The food was mediocre....nothing special or memorable.Our second visit was in April 2014.  We thought we'd give this place another chance so we went in for an after dinner drink.  Again, the hostess was pleasant and we asked to be seated outside since we knew it would be loud inside and the band was already playing.  We were seated at the same table as before.Our waiter, Jorge P., was unbelievably rude from the start.  My girlfriend asked if the restaurant had any cocktail specialties.  In a tone that sounded like he was being put out, he basically pointed to the menu and rattled off the names of common cocktails on the menu.  When my girlfriend ordered a vodka (Stoli) and grapefruit, he SNAPPED, "This isn't a nightclub.....we don't carry Stoli !!".  He said "Grey Goose and grapefruit" (of course the most expensive vodka) in a "that's it--I'm ordering for you" tone.   When my husband ordered 2 white wines, he answered in an annoyed voice, "Why don't you make my life easier and just order the bottle?".   He tried to up-sell each one of us.The only reason they got 2 stars was because the hostess was decent to us both times, the food was mediocre and the outside patio is nice.We won't return to this restaurant or recommend it.
2	The bussers are better than the server and that says a lot considering there are only four tables seated in this joint. I am giving a two star because the sangria is awesome and only $2, however, the service is lacking. I'm fairly positive that my server is high. Plus who wears a limp Mohawk to work!!
1	The atmosphere at this restaurant is upbeat and the entertainment is great. The dessert and service however, left much to be be desired. We had a Cappuccino, Flan and Brazo Gitano. All three were incredibly mediocre. The flan was barely ok and the Brazo Gitano was extremely dry. Both had an overpowering alcohol/liqueur taste. But the service from our server was what left the worst taste of all. Incredibly rude and so aloof. Won't be coming back there again.
5	THE best tapas in the area! Definitely comparable to the real deal (I studied abroad in northern Spain so I always have a craving for tapas!) Order the croquetas and paella, to die for!
1	When the band is so loud that I can't talk to my friends it makes me think that this restaurant is not made for socialising. When the food is late and it doesn't taste at all good I wonder about what they see as restaurant quality service. When it is so hot inside it makes me think they don't care about the customers needs. When they have a $15 service charge on the bill after recognising poor service it makes me think they only want me their for my money and not my patronage. When I think of this restaurant it makes me think they are way behind all the other local restaurants.
1	Our service was ok but we had a bartender wait on us because the waiter in the section could not handle his tables. All the tables around us were complaining about not getting food or drinks. I think we lucked out. The food was ok. The paella was not good at all. It was salty and wet. Paella should be dry but this was more like wet rice.  I think they heat their paella up by putting it in a pan and then adding broth. Maybe that is the only way to keep up with the demand. Anyways it was not very good. Also the band playing made it impossible to sit inside. You could not hear the person next to you without screaming. That is why we chose outside. It does have a nice patio, but so do a lot of other restaurants nearby. That is why next time I will try somewhere else.
5	We had a really good time here tonight.  The Tapas were ALL excellent and the servers were very friendly. I would try the Crab Stuffed Peppers and the Muscles but everything was delicious.  The price was reasonable. It came to about 90 for 5 people. We didn't have beer or wine however.  They had live music on the patio and it was excellent.  I was very please with the whole experience and I am sure I will probably return when in that area again.  The only suggestion I would have is if you are sharing the Tapas make sure to ask for some extra utensils to cut them up and serve. We never asked but I am sure they would have brought them over if we had brought it up. The whole staff was great.
5	This restaurant has a Beautiful outdoor seating area! I ordered 3 tapas, Pollo Rebozado, patatas bravas, and the shrimp.    I was amazed at how delicious everything was. I thought the portions would be quite small but they are large enough to fill you up. Also, they bring you bread with this yummy white sauce. I ended up using that sauce on all the tapas as well.
3	I went with a group for Restaurant Week last Saturday during the Flamenco dancing. I made a reservation (group of 10) and I called and changed it a few times and they were very friendly and accommodating.Most of us ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. They were really hesitant to give us a normal menu and it took several requests before they gave us one. I chose the Mahi Mahi dish. The tapas that came out before the meal were amazing. There was this goat cheese stuffed date with bacon that might actually be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. There was also a pepper stuffed with crab that was amazing. The Mahi Mahi, unfortunately, was overcooked. It had a great date salsa on top though and the accompanying risotto was quite tasty. One of my friends had the Paella special and she let me try some. It was very, very good. Another friend had rabbit and it was dry and inedible.I chose to go during the Flamenco dancing but I think that was a mistake. There was a singer and it was so incredibly loud we all had a headache by the end of the night and none of us could hear each other. It kind of put a damper on our evening. It would have been so much better if they had cranked the volume down a bit.And last, but not least, the service. It took 3 hours to get through dinner. My friend with the overcooked rabbit didn't get his meal for almost 10 minutes after the rest of us got our food. Our server was visibly angry that I asked him to split the checks. One of my friends ordered a drink she never got.So, three stars because some of it was amazing, some of it sucked. I'd like to try again on a weeknight when it's slow.,
2	Food was awesome.  Service was poor.  We went for restaurant week.  The crab stuffed peppers were very good.  The flamenco dancer was enjoyable to watch.  Our dessert never came.  I asked a busser to find the waiter and waited almost 1/2 a hour for him to even show up at our table.  I just asked for the bill which then I had to ask him to take the dessert off that we never got.  Waited again almost 10 minutes for him to come back with a corrected bill.  It really is too bad that the service is so lacking.  Probably won't go back just because of the very very poor service.
1	This must be the worst staffed restaurant in all of Arizona when it comes to service and customer service. The D in D-bag stands for disgusting!! I've had better service at a food cart on the street. This place should be ashamed of the poor service and lack of professional service. The food is decent, but all the best food tastes pale when the server is awful. It's like a really pretty girl who has the heart of stone. Beauty and taste are only skin deep and when it comes to food there are too many good choices to waste your time or money on this foul establishment. Seriously if you care about service and being treated well where you eat and spend your money do not ever support this business. They do no deserve our money or reservations.
5	Stayed with a cheese plate.  The malbec is nice.  The Alhambra beer was a hit.  Lamp chops were tasty.  Oxtail was wonderful.  Apple crisp excellent.  Nice evening.
5	My new favorite restaurant. Jorge, the bartender, is superb and our server Aaron was fantastic! The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was delicious. Bacon wrapped date had me speechless. Might have to fly to Scottsdale just for the food.
5	I love this place! I dined here last Saturday with my Boyfriend.  I always read Yelp to see what's good to eat at places and some of the reviews were bad in terms of service for this place.  I experienced the best service.  The hostess was friendly and we were running late for our reservation.  Our table was towards the back but had a perfect view for the live music and flamenco dancer. I unlike some reviews found the music and volume of music to be great.  It was like having a gourmet dinner at a concert.  Our waiter Vincent was amazing!  He recommended the red sangria and the taste of Spain special for dinner.  The sangria was delicious and Vincent never let my cup stay empty.  The tour of Spain was really cool. My favorite small plate was the date wrapped in bacon. The paella was we ate which I think was the valencia or something.  It was very flavorful and I plan to go back and have it soon. The atmosphere, service and food are worth the dining price. If you're looking to catch up and chat with someone the music could be distracting...I would go here to be entertained and have your taste buds amazed.
5	great place, food and staff.  they offer 50% off till t he end ofsummer.
4	I came here for the first time yesterday for the happy hour and I was genuinely impressed! We shared some tapas and sangria, which were all delicious. We stayed to watch the Spanish guitarists and the Flamenco dancer, Yumi, who is AMAZING! She is so talented and sweet! And yes, Flamenco dancing is loud so don't hold that against the restaurant. We had an amazing waiter named Vincent. Impeccable service; he gets 5 stars!! He did mention that he was newer to the restaurant, so (in regards to the previous comments about the poor service) it looks like they made some changes.
2	The service was horrible. We waited 15 minutes to get our drinks (cappuccino). After 1.5 hours only two of our tapas dishes had arrived at our table. We mentioned this to the woman appearing to be floor manager, and she did nothing to make our experience better. The Tapas is basic. The location is great. There aren't many tapas places to contend with... And they serve mediocrity. I've given this restaurant a few chances... Hoping it would get better. Nope.
4	First time going to this restaurant...it was a mom/daughter date.  After looking at the menu, this was the place she picked and we are both glad she did.  We ordered off of both the regular menu and the Happy Hour menu.  Service was nice, if OVER attentive....if there was such a thing.  We ordered Machego cheese, white asparagus, mushrooms, mussels, ahi tuna and cauliflower/zucchini pie--all from the tapas menu.  We couldn't decide which one we liked best.  They were all out extremely quickly, and everything was piping hot or nice and chilled.  The only complaints I had was that we didn't get enough bread to sop up all of the flavorful juices from our dishes....and they took away our plates so fast that we wouldn't have had the chance even if we had bread!  It was like they had a rule of 'no empty dishes' on the table....When I asked one of the bussers what his favorite dish was he looked at the server for confirmation that he was allowed to answer my questions.  I don't know if he didn't speak English well, if he didn't have a script memorized or what, but it was an uncomfortable moment.  I can see how this place would get crazy loud, especially if they have a show.  I'm glad we went on a dead Wednesday night--and I do mean DEAD...we were one of three tables occupied and two bar stools occupied.  I hope they get more business soon, since it is a fabulous place.
5	This place is amazing. We came here for a friend's birthday not know what to expect it was AMAZING .  The owner came to out table and greated us out service was on point I would recommend this place to anyone
5	Went here for the first time for a friends' birthday party. We ordered two tapas: 1. garlic and shrimp and 2. oxtail. We also ordered 'De Pollo' Paella. The food was amazing (I'm writing this as I'm eating leftover Paella). The service was fantastic and the live Flamenco music really set a fun tone for the party. I hear there are live Flamenco dancers there too on certain nights. Would highly recommend. It will be one of our regular places. Not often I give perfect stars, but this place is deserving.
1	This place has the slowest service ever. I can't actually review on many plates because we saw our server maybe 2x. We couldn't even get the check from him and had to rely on the hostess and a bus girl to help get us the check, take our creditCard and return it to us so we could sign it.   We had the tuna, lamb, asparagus and we would rate them all as ok. They could've used a drink to wash them down with.
2	One of the best meals I've had ... with the *worst* service. Quite possible in my life. (Attributed to the rudeness factor of Dino, our perpetually annoyed server.)This is a beautiful restaurant, with sky high ceilings, offering dignified dining in Old Town Scottsdale. The patio space reminded me of a street in Europe. The food is exquisite. In a heat beat I'd recommend every morsel that touched my lips.- Gambas Al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic and white wine) - Pimiento Piquillo con Centollo (peppers stuffed with crab) - Patatas Aioli Verde (potatoes, cilantro, ham)- Pastel a la Porrusalda (leek tarte) - Boquerones (anchovies in garlic)I was "eh" on the flan. (Very eggy. Too much air involved.)I had been very curious to sample the fare as this place is across from The Herb Box. With International Supper Club UYE here I gleefully perfused the menu. (Thank you very much for organizing Ursula!)I'll probably never visit this restaurant again. EVEN THOUGH the food was spectacular. EVEN THOUGH the decor was wonderful. EVEN THOUGH they have live flamenco music and a happy hour.Note: They would prefer if the check wasn't split. (Even for parties of five.) Come prepared to share wine menus. There appears to be an inexplicable shortage of these.
1	Okay perhaps this is a poor analogy, but unlike MacArthur, I shall NOT return.  The only redeeming thing at this restaurant was the amazing flamenco music and dancers.  The lamb chop tapas were not very flavorful and overall the service was abysmal.
5	I've lives in Spain for 3 years and I missed the tapas A LOT so my wife and I went there last night. The food was amazing. Even though the Paella wasn't really spanish( it just had the saffron rice and the seafood, it was obvious that the didn't use fish stock for the rice) I felt like I was in Mallorca again for about an hour and a half. The service was great and the atmosphere was nice,even though it was just a regular Tuesday night. The prices are a little bit high,but what can you expect from a spanish restaurant in the middle of the desert? I am already thinking about going back during the weekend,since I've heard that they have live flamenco music going on.
5	I rather enjoyed trying this place with the company of my friend and her family.They ordered everything for us so I don't know the names of everything we had; but everything I tasted was great. We had a mix of meat and vegetarian dishes. I typically don't like bacon-wrapped things, but there were bacon-wrapped dates which was my favorite tapa. Too bad it's not on the menu, but I might have luck asking for it in the future.The staff was very accommodating as we ate a late dinner (after 8:45 pm). Dishes came out quickly and at a steady pace. I will gladly come back.
1	We popped in here on August 9th for a couple of drinks at the bar around 6pm. I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and as did I saw a worker leaving the bathroom stall, without flushing and without washing his hands!  We went ahead and ordered drinks and while the drinks were good...we decided to pass on eating any food.  The owner of this establishment seriously needs to train the workers to wash their hands!  So gross!
4	This place is delicious and magical! My girlfriends and I, who all lived together in Spain, visited this place on a Sunday night. Lo and behold there was an amazing band (Cuban I think) that was playing some amazing music. The decor and ambiance brought back sweet memories of living abroad and the food was delicious as well! The paella and fideos were yummy and the sangria was just right; not too sweet not too dry. I would highly recommend this place. I knocked them one star bc they forgot to bring out two of our tapas plates we ordered but we were so full anyway it didn't matter.
1	Visited area and place was recommended.   I found it difficult to find.  Service was very slow and entries for our group came at random times.  Would not recommend for a group.  Also visited ladies room and found a waitress only quickly rinsing hands using NO   soap.  This concerned me and I would not recommend.
1	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary at this restaurant with a couple of friends.  It is a beautiful restaurant and the ambiance was wonderful.  The problem we had was with the waiter and the "Specials."  Beware of the prices of the "Specials" as they are not comparable with the prices on the menu.  The description of the "Specials" are not written down, and this gave way for misunderstanding.  We understood that we were ordering 3 specials (for 3 couples) which included a Paella and appetizers.  We understood that the price for the "Special" was $45.00 per couple.  However, the price was actually 45.00 PER PERSON----A very big difference which we found out when we got our bill.  It would have been much smarter and affordable to order items straight from the menu instead of that darn "Special."  The food we received on our table did not seem comparable to what we paid for.  We received 2 paella platters, with small plates of appetizers----1 plate of dates, 2 plates of stuffed peppers, 1 plate of manchango cheese, 2 lamb plates, 1 beef plate, and 2 shrimp bowl.  That hardly seemed to equal $270.00 which was what we were charged.    I believe that if we would not have ordered this "Special" and had ordered straight from the menu, we would not have experienced this misunderstanding, and  it would have been a thoroughly lovely experience.  It's true what other reviewers say about the service.....it was really bad.   I'm not sure I will ever return even though the restaurant was beautiful and the food was delicious.
2	Went there for a dinner and first time experience, was never told that once the music starts it doesnt really stop. It was loud and we were unable to hear each other at the table. Since there were 6 of us we didnt know what to order, everything sounded so yummy. We asked our server and he said, "dont worry i will tell the chef to put some sample tapas together". The tapas were great, everything that he brought out was fantastic. He then brought out a seafood paella, that too was delicious, unfortunately for us, we never asked about the price of anything. To out surprise the check came out to $400, we didnt even have drinks other then ice teas. WAY over priced and very noisy.
1	I made reservations on October 4, 2014 at 7:00pm for 7 people. We were celebrating my mother in law's return from Chile. We arrived on time and we're seated upon arrival. We were looking through the menu and noticed the price of the tapas was very reasonable ranging from 4.00 to 12.00 dollars. The entrees were also reasonably priced ranging from 16.00 to 26.00. When Eduardo, the waiter, came over to our table he recommended the "special" (description of the special is not in the menu) and said that the special would be be enough for many to share. We order "two (2) specials" for 7 people. Knowing that we order 2 specials (and exactly what it looked like) we had our meal. We asked for the bill to be split, 4 people in one and 3 people on the other bill. The surprise came when we receive the bill, we were charged for over $478.00 dollars. We asked to speak to the waiter regarding our bill, he said he will let the owner know to come speak with us.  When the owner arrived to our table he laugh sarcastically when we explained the situation, started yelling and accusing us of trying to skip on the bill and started embarrassing us infront of everyone close to our table. We were being harassed bullied and laughed at by this man, so we called the Scottsdale police department.  I decided to go outside to speak to the police officer and the manager on duty grabbed me by my arm. I felt attacked by this woman and asked her to let go. I informed her I was going to speak to the police and asked her to let go of me. The majority of my party was still inside waiting for the situation to be resolved.  We weren't trying to get out of paying our bill. We simply were trying to pay for what we order and not for what Eduardo decided to give us for "2 specials".  I wish I could have looked at the reviews before making my reservation.  I am not the only one who has experienced the same type of situation. This has been the worst dinning experience of my life! Stay away from this place! If you think I am the only one... look at Yvette G.'s profile.
1	The restaurant keeps trying to cover up for tricking their customers and they keep lying about it. Obviously not a coincidence!Maika C. it is very sad that the same thing that happened to you and your family was the same thing that happened to my family on Friday. Our family called police FIRST. And no one tried to skip in paying the bill like the restaurant is saying. The restaurant, Tapas Papa Frita/owner keeps lying about what happened to cover up what their real intentions are.
1	On Friday October 3rd my family and I made a reservation for 7 pm, in honor of 2 family members that had just arrived from Chile. I personally have lived for years in Scottsdale, and we wanted to offer our guests a nice dinner, assuming it would be a memorable night, and so it was!! We saw the menu and the prices were reasonable. The waiter Eduardo; he recommended us the special which seemed perfect, the special included tapas and paella for the value of $ 45.00; which he mentioned is was ideal to share since we were a group. We decided to order 2 SPECIALS, for drinks sangria's, 1 coke, 2 glasses of wine and water. Eduardo never showed us in writing this so called SPECIAL; we were told did not appear in the menu. When he brought us the food we got TWO PAELLAS AND TAPAS, ( I have pictures) seem to us was exactly what we order, TWO SPECIALS.After we finish eating, we asked for the bill to be divided into 2, one of them was for $ 272.44 and the second for a total of $ 202.06; in total we were charged for 474.50. We believed there was a mistake and asked to speak to the waiter, he went to the kitchen and some man came out claiming to be the owner, started laughing sarcastically when we tried to explain the situation, embarrassing everyone at our table, saying we were drunk, and that we were lairs. This man was arrogant and offensive, accusing us of wanting to take advantage of not paying our bill. We decided to call the police. When he saw us dialing he called the police as well. When the police arrived my niece and I explained the situation and what we were being charged; our explanations were not heard and we were forced under pressure to pay such erroneous bill. My recommendation for tourists and residents is ORDER FROM THE MENU, STAY AWAY FORM THE SPECIALS!! PLEASE SEE WE HAVE NOT BEEN THE ONLY ONES, THERE ARE OTHER REVIEWS WITH THE SAME OR VERY SIMILAR EXPERIENCE RELATED TO THE SPECIALS!After all we went through, some of us had to create accounts in YELP to be able to post our reviews and let other people know of our experience, well, the owner or whoever is Nanette G. has replied to some of them, even to ones that are not even us, or related to us, accusing them and us to be lying, that the reviews are false. Mentioning that we struggle to pay our bill, that we had planned since the beginning to skip our bill, that the restaurant called the police first, and so on... who cares who called first, we both called the police; and I answer directly to you Nanette G. of course we struggle to pay our bill, we were not planning on spending almost $500 dollars on food, we never order 7 SPECIALS. Since this is not the first time this restaurant has had this problem, I believe you Nanette G. should approach this issue in a professional way, and not making matters worse, blaming everyone else and not taking responsibility for your staff mistakes, Shame on you!
3	Went here last week with two other couples for the Happy Hour.  First, the facility is very attractive, with a rustic, old hacienda feeling.  Because it was a nice afternoon we sat on the patio.  We were fortunate to sit on the east side of the patio because it not only protected as from the afternoon sun but the north side looks over the muddy irrigation canal Scottsdale promotes as "The Waterfront" while the east side overlooks Stetson St.  Happy Hour has a limited selection of $3 tapas.  My wife and I shared the meatballs, chix w/ saffron rice, and the pork bruschetta.  We found them okay, nothing special, and a bit skimpy in portion size, except for the rice.  There were 3 small meatballs, which were good.  The pork consisted of 2 small pieces of meat on wooden skewers.  The chix w/saffron rice was the best of the three in terms of taste and quantity.  Of the other four people with us, three felt as we did that the food was okay while the fourth thought the food was horrible.  Happy Hour also has two-for-one sangria and house wines.  Opt for the wine because the sangria, while flavorful is a very small serving.  We would not make a special effort to return here for Happy Hour but if we were in the vicinity would probably stop.  Be very careful of the waiter pushing their paella specials!  Prices are $25 or $45 PER PERSON which is not emphasized by the waiter so you could get a big surprise.
4	I was a little hesitant to try this restaurant after reading some of the negative (and strange) reviews but I'm so glad I did!  The restaurant is beautiful and the patio is perfect with trees and little lights overhead.  Two of us went for an early dinner and had two-for-one wines and a half-priced appetizer of sherried mushrooms before splitting the Valencia paella at the server's suggestion ("lots of people order an appetizer or two and then split a paella").  Along with the complimentary hot bread and garlic aioli, it was plenty of food for a very reasonable price.  The paella was excellent.If you read down the reviews, several people had sticker shock when they ordered the chef's special.  Maybe because of those issues, the chef's special was listed on a separate menu handed to us with the price clearly listed at $45 per person.  It includes a ton of food.  But, the paella we split was $20 and with happy hour pricing on the drinks and appetizer, our total bill before tip was $58.  Not bad.  We'll definitely be back.
5	My husband and I always go to Tapas Papa. My husband is from Spain and he loves the paella and pretty much everything. I enjoy the tortilla de patata, chorizo, croquetas, everything! This is very authentic Spanish food and I'd recommend to everyone! People is friendly and they also have good drinks :)
4	The food is amazing and the waiter suggested a good Spanish wine, although it was expensive it tasted good. Great music and they have live performances. We had a great time.
4	Came here for a birthday, food was good. Service could have been a little better! Our server looked a little like he was being tortured the whole time. Being in the industry as well, I know that a little personality goes a long way with your meal and often makes up for any shortcomings with the service. I'd go again and ask for Raul next time!
2	Very average Spanish food. In fact I found the paella to be extremely oily.  Way overpriced for what you get for your dollar. I added a star just for the outdoor patio.
5	The food was excellent. Joseph was very helpful in helping us with the Menu and making recommendations. It was a thoroughly enjoyable evening. I would most certainly go back to the restaurant next time I am in Scottsdale.
5	Picturesque, authentic, excellent! This place takes you on a journey across the ocean without leaving your hometown. Jorge the server is incredibly knowledgeable and is full of excellent recommendations. And the chef? Actually from Spain! He takes you on a tour of his country without leaving your table! I can't stress enough how attentive and knowledgeable the staff are. My glasses were never empty, and my questions were never unanswered. Seriously, you HAVE to try this place for yourself. You will not be disappointed!
5	Had an incredible time on Saturday. Great food. Great live music. Great service. Will definitely go back.
1	Great atmosphere, but...r1- food is oily, and mistly rice!2- BS sales than real resturaunt.3- expect to get cheated, small portions for ton of $$$$$4- do not try their cheif special paella and tapa. You get 1-2 very small poritions of small appetizers, and the paella is full of oil, rice, and few small pieces of meat.
2	Went here back in June for a family celebration and as someone who love tapas I was very disappointed.  We were a group of six adults and one child.  Reservations were made but where they put us really bit!  We were at a long table right in front of the service area with - in my case - our backs against a rail that separated the two areas.  It was too close for me. Although it wasn't terribly crowded the servers seemed to be in a constant state of rush rush rush.  We all ordered different tapas plates so that we could eat family style and that's when I realized this place wasn't that hot.The lamb tapas I ordered was greasy, the ham was tasty but rather dry, the bread was the best thing other than the manchego cheese, tiny little albondigas, and the servings were really small tapas! And then the prices were just ridiculous!  An ice tea was $4.00, the cheese plate was $9.00, and the paella was $20.00 for some meh paella with little bits of meat, etc. in it.  The flamenco dancer was nice and took our little one up on stage to dance with her; she enjoyed the heck out of that.  But other than that I would not go back here.  There has got to be better tapas elsewhere.
5	I almost don't want to recommend this place because I'm afraid they will get too popular and I won't get a table. The food is FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!  Go when you are hungry, and have an open mind. Try anything and everything. We had the ham and cheese fritters, portobello mushroom, oxtail, snails, potatoes with ham, cilantro and cheese. ALL FANTASTIC! Then we had the cinnamon apple tart and oh my Gawwwwwwwddddd. Just try it!
3	Went Christmas Eve for dinner with my wife. First visit. The atmosphere is excellent. The food is outstanding. It is also entertaining to watch the head chef bark orders at the wait staff in Spanish when his dishes are ready to deliver. The waiter we had was horrible and i duly noted it on the bill. He literally spent more time at the bar watching the football game than waiting on tables. We had to track him down twice to get anything. The waiter made this a 3 star rating vs a 5 star.
2	We were looking forward to our first visit to the restaurant.  Although the food was delicious, the service was terrible.  Our server was pretty much non existent.  They sat us near the open kitchen which was great to observe but it must have been hot in the kitchen because they had an outside door open.  We ate our meal with our coats on until we  finally asked a server if they would close the door. We were told they would TRY to keep it closed.  We wanted to have an after dinner drink and a dessert but decided not to stay because  we asked another server if they could please find our server.  We waited a long time for him to return to our table because he was busy checking out the score of the game on the TV at the bar.  All in all it was a very disappointing experience.
4	Came with my family, party of 7, on a Saturday night. Service was attentive and warm. Ambiance was awesome... it's great to see a few natives enjoying an ethnic place. Ordered tapas a la carte, and paellas (valenciana and pollo). All dishes were tasty, though a little bit on the saucy/oily side hence the 4 stars.Not sure what other reviewers complaining about service and price experienced or were expecting. Everything is clearly priced on the menu, and service is excellent.Will definitely come back again and again!
5	Outstanding food and service the Tapas were great I really enjoyed the bacon wrapped dates as well as the pepper stuffed with crab. The paella was very good we ordered the chefs special which I recommend for a great tasting of everything they have. To finish the meal off I would suggest the Churro's with chocolate the filling in the churro's is delicious.
4	4.5. If prices were a little friendlier I'd give it a full 5.... Maybe even 5.5 :) you can't go wrong with anything, but you MUST include the goat cheese stuffed dates, txistorra and the churro w/ chocolate if you want to have an absolutely amazing time. Their sangria is bomb. On weekends there's live music/dancing. The owner is from Spain. He knows what he's doing :)
1	MISLEADING AND OVER PRICED BILL AT THE END!!! !!! Be aware of the misleading server offering the "special." Restaurant owner is aware of the situation. Please read the previous reviews from people with the same experience... they go back for months. Obviously not a coincidence.
