2	a lot of tacky decora lot of average wait helpa lot of messiness in the bathrooma lot a lot of very average foodand...a lot of old people
4	Remember when Mimi's first came around and it was this amazing place with such delicious food.  It was theee place for my mom and her friends.  It was so unique with it's french decor. Well that was 20 + years ago  and it still has pretty good food at this location, and you guessed it the same decor. My 9 year old daughter and I  met friends for breakfast at MiMi's , we hadn't been in awhile and my last impression wasn't  so great of the Metro Center  cafe.  We couldn't think of somewhere to go for breakfast in north west Phoenix/ Glendale..Any ideas, throw them my way.But overall I would go again to have breakfast, lunch or meet friends for talking and what not.  It's clean neat and dependable. I ordered the Crab and avocado Omelet  which was not huge but not tiny either, my daughter ate my carrot muffin with gusto , I guess she liked it.She also order the kids chicken strip meal off the kids menu even though  it was breakfast, very accommodating.  My friend loved her eggs and bacon , and her daughter had a huge dessert like hot cocoa. Looked very yummy.   Waitress was good , helpful but not overbearing. Will I crave Mimi's next weekend for a special breakfast ? Probably not  but it's great to know it's always there.
2	Never been here despite all the people I've heard that raved about it, especially during my LA days.  So, on my last day as an AZ resident a friend recommended we meet there for lunch, which I looked forward to with excitement.For a Tuesday, it was hella crowded with old peeps.  I thought I'd left Sun City behind but apparently the ones that have alternate forms of transportation (e.g., a real car vs the golf cart) all descended on Mimi's the day I went.  I agree with Kimberly S on decor--super tacky.  It was like a french cafe and american diner mated & the offspring resulted in a Dennys frame with a French Quarter and generic diner inspired outfit.  They brought out a small basket of assorted sweet breads before our meal--pumpkin bread, sourdough roll & something resembling a dark but sweet bread with raisins.  I ordered the split pea soup with ham bits--standard fare that was thick but tasty.  We decided to share dessert & ordered the classic ensemble.  Included in this sampler were an apple crisp served warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, a bread pudding doused with too much melted butter, and a brownie with with another scoop of ice cream & chocolate syrup.  Definitely more sugar than one should consume in a month, even if you don't consume the small portions in their entirety.  The crowd of demanding, cranky faced old people, slow waitress, and average food has inspired me to stay away.  Unless I'm hungry & someone offers me a free meal.  And no other places are open within a 100 mile radius.
2	Wow Mimi's ...You sadden me , even with it being Sunday you could have done better,My suggestions if you want to inspire and draw in new clientele:1)Get rid of the Helga manager/ hostess, she looked like she was miserable, she  seemed to be pissed all these customers were  around 2) Be prepared for the Sunday Crowd , when I see a empty unbused table right in front and you tell me it's going to be awhile , after already  messing up my groups table assignment ,I  would have left if my family wasn't  with me3) Try a little seasoning in your food, it's this miracle substance that gives flavor to food 4) Have food ready fast ...it's Sunday we waited for our table , we waited for server to take our order ...now we wait  25 minutes more for our food?Mimi's  Arrowhead   be careful or you will find even Sun City won't be coming in soon .
3	Five Alarm Sante Fe Omelette - you have a special place in my heart.  I get mine extra spicy, as if the diced jalepenos and spicy chipotle sauce weren't enough.  Shredded tortilla is a nice touch as well.Muffins are usually quite good, as are the crepes and huevos y papas (potato cakes with salas, green chile, eggs, and tomatillo sauce).Orange juice is good, and hard to find good OJ these days.Service is average.  I go here on weekdays to avoid the damn weekend people who crowd up my regular restaurants.  You know who you are.
2	This did not start out well.  I showed up for breakfast only to find I had to cool my heels in the parking lot until they opened at 7.  And they actually opened at 7:04.  And even then they really were not ready to serve customers.  I got my coffee fairly quick, then my orange juice, then my bread (muffin) and finally about 7:30 my breakfast entree.  The waitress even apologized for the excessive wait time.The food itself was ok.  I had chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, fruit and a muffin.  The muffin was applesauce something and was really good and huge.  The gravy was sort of thin.  None of the flavors stood out.  Being a little more expensive than some other breakfast spots I expected more taste.  That and being late/slow cost it a half star and in this case I chose to round down.
2	It was a great restaurant before the recent  overhaul in decor, it looks bland and generic.Food has also changed, used to be you couldn't find a bad item now it's spotted with mediocre offerings, they must of changed either recipes or chefs. Don't go by previous rep it's totally different now.
2	I am only reviewing it with 2 stars because my waiter was too busy and I don't think that was his fault.  We showed up and was able to sit right down which is great because when we left there was tons of people waiting.  We had a coupon for joining their mailing list that gave us a free meal with the purchase of another...which is awesome because who eats alone?  They also recently remodeled the interior and it looks pretty good.  My wife ordered the usual broccoli quiche and it was only a little warm.  I usually order the bacon and eggs which is awesome but today I ordered the Florentine Benedict and it was very good.  The food is always great here....when its warm and the service is usually awesome except today, but I wont blame Kevin since he was obviously over-sat.  I hope they get their stuff together because I WILL go back and I know that I WILL be able to write a better review afterward since I have been here 100 times and this was the only poor experience I've ever had.
4	Fresh squeezed OJ, great breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Muffins! Crab Cake Benedict is amazing, Chicken Parmesan is so good! It can get crowded!
4	I really enjoy this place. The food is really good, as well as the service and atmosphere. I really enjoy getting breakfast here, even in the evenings. I have a few favorite dishes, the quiche is really good, as well as the waffles and french toast, but my all time favorite is the cajon chicken sausage that comes with eggs, country potatoes and your choice of toast or muffin. I noticed recently that they took the cajon chicken sausage off the menu which really freaked me out at first, but they still make it, they just don't display it on the menu anymore for some reason.
2	The wait was long and my soup was cold. The cappuccino was alright. Everything on the "light" menu has eggs, so if you don't like eggs and don't want something with 80g of fat and sugar for breakfast, you're kind of screwed.
1	It's what you think it is.  The food might be a skosh better, but the service a few trips worse.I got a basic basic sandwich (french dip... though they called it "classic beef dip") because I really wasn't sure what this place could handle.  It was just fine, minus not really providing enough au jus for the whole thing (a common complaint of mine with this sandwich... so maybe it's just me!).Our waitress... there are no words.  Well, maybe there are, but I need to stop and think for a sec.Okay.80% of the servers working in this establishment are 100+ lbs. overweight and look like 5-year-olds that got into their mommas' makeup.  Our particular waitress also looked like she was suffering from advanced gingivitis and gum recession.  The positive spin on this is that it really kills your appetite looking at servers like that.She was distracted from the moment we sat down, acted like everything we said either bored her or posed some major imposition (or both).  When she brought our food, she set down one of three plates and then sneezed on the rest, followed by a loud, deep, long snort and wiping her whole face on her sleeve.  We were all shocked when she then went about her business, serving said sneezed-upon meals, without batting an eye.  I was utterly speechless.  My plate was the only non-sneezed-upon meal, so I offered to just split mine with my friends (there was certainly enough of it).Jeez Louise.  I've never felt so shocked at such disgusting service... I mean, what on earth was she thinking??
2	Lots of scooters and oxygen tanks. Carrot raisin muffin was good.  Red Velvet Cupcake, not so much.  Had a Lubys cafeteria feel to it....Since I didn't want to pay for the bottled water, I got lukewarm water in a not so clean glass.Used to be much much better. Kinda sad.
4	We went to mimis cafe last night and it was quite enjoyable.our server greeted us promptly, and was friendly and efficent.she was right on top of filling our drinks when they were low, along with every other table in the room as well. I had the artichoke asiago chicken spagatenni and it was delicious and piping hot.it also comes with a choice of salad or soup and a dessert.they also give you bread to munch on while you're waiting for your food,and even that tasted great.for dessert I had a chocolate brownie and it was very good.it came with ice cream and chocolate sauce.it was yummy.a lot of people say its expensive there,but I don't think so.my meal was around $14.but the portions are huge and you get salad,bread,and dessert.also leftovers to take home.the coffee is really good there too.I noticed a low calorie section on the menu which I'm gonna try next time. there was a lot to choose from on menu.the decor was nice and clean as well.I'll definately be back.
2	service is ok.food is ok...actually really bland and plain. I had the blackened salmon and my parents had the roasted turkey breast.chamomile tea is the best.good luck.
3	If we saw all the negative reviews before going, we probably wouldn't have gone. We were in the area and stopped by Tuesday for lunch. The line was literally out the door. Because we were willing to dine at the bar we were seated right away otherwise the wait was 15-20 minutes. I ordered the lunch combo w/ tomato bisque soap and a turkey, brie & cranberry sandwich w/ sweet potato fries. The fries were limp and soggy. Gross, right? My hubby got the french onion soup and marseilles (sp) crepe stuffed with chicken, sun dried tomato and topped with some sort of mushroom gravy. My tomato soup was REALLY good. I only wish they had basil whipped in there. My sandwich was not bad, they put too much cranberry relish on it, I just scraped it off. My husband's dish had too much of an ingredient, couldn't put my finger on it, but again it wasn't bad. I didn't get a chance to taste all of the french onion soup because he ate all the cheese before I could get to it, The broth was fine.The service was fine to me. Although, I thought it was strange when the waitress brought out his soup first then asked me if I wanted mine now or when my meal came. I want my soup when my dining companion has their soup. Weird.Overall, the experience was pleasant not worth waiting 15-20 minutes for a table.
2	It was just OK. The service was great at least our waitress was. I feel this place has become to big for it's own good. I have eaten at Mimi's in CA back in the late 80-'s early 90's and it was very good. I realize now it was purchased by Bob Evan's in 2004 and I can see now why the quality has gone downhill.  Now it is just ok with greasy food. I tend to only go for breakfast so I am not versed on lunch or dinner here. Breakfast is OK. Nothing special but not terrible either.
5	Oh yumminess.  Met a friend for brunch here.  I love brunch and now when I am in Arizona, must have some mimi's!  Delicious french toast, omelettes stuffed with goodness.  And fun drinks too!  Our waitress was delightful!  The whole experience was fun, good and belly filling.  Why don't they have a mimi's on the east coast?  Good stuff!
1	Well I new better to come in on a Sunday 45 minutes to be seated, 20 more then we were told, another 45 to get our food plus they never brought the whole meal and no one asked how we were doing. Bottom line it was not worth 2 hours of my life
2	Poor service, mediocre food, over priced.  Go to IHOP instead.
5	Always so wonderful to come here for breakfast.. Service is wonderful and the food is to die for ... I come all the time love love love the muffins and of course the eggs Benedict.
2	I have mixed feelings about Mimis cafe. They have horrible customer service but pretty decent food and great coupons. So, I keep returning.Dont expect to get your bread in a timely fashion, and do not expect to have a knowledgeable server.Do, however, expect to have yummy food. May I suggest blackened Monterey Chicken Sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries? Any muffin is a must.Sign up for their e-club and you will receive weekly coupons. Typically buy one entree get one free which is convenient for you and a friend. They let me show them the coupon via phone, dont waste your computer ink.
1	Ugg the service and food was just awful.Last time i ate here it was good,but last night was ridiculous.The server was rude and apathetic.She moved at the pace of a turtle,never smiled or showed any interest in how our food tasted.She let us sit with empty drinks for 10 minutes. i have never seen such a poorly run restaraunt in all my life.IT was not busy,and food took forever,along with everything else.When my chicken finally arrived,it was stringy and undercooked.I dont know how they managed to not cook my chicken properly,since i waited a half an hour for it.when we left the clueless manager was sitting on her butt at the bar,smiling and waving goodbye,like she thought everything was a o.k.I will never eat here again.the only good thing was the bread, which they are very stingy with the portion size.
2	I learned that you NEVER want to order steak at Mimi's! The worst Top Sirloin I have ever had, and the waiter did no care!? I ordered it medium rare, and it came well done, and the thinnest top sirloin I have ever seen. I am not looking forward to going back there.
2	I have seen this location go downhill. We keep going back thinking that it will  be better than the last time, but it's not. It has a rundown feel to it. It's not that the decor is bad, it's pretty new, it's the service and the attitude of the staff that is rundown. Despite the food being good, the service really has deteriorated and the management doesn't seem to have noticed, or even care. Everything is now an extra, 50c there, $1 there, portions are smaller, and it all mounts up. The entrees are already just under $10 for many things. It's not THAT good that I would pay much more for what they are offering. So, it's goodbye Mimi's, it was good while it lasted, but I am done!
2	I was rather disappointed with our visit to Mimi's Cafe this evening.  It started out with our waitress introducing a second waitress who was in training, selling it that we'd have twice the help.  Truth is, we had less help than expected.  Service was pretty slow, but the bigger issue I had was with the ordinary food.  I ordered the roasted turkey dinner.  It looked and tasted like an upgraded TV dinner, only larger.  The slices were perfect like them came from the frozen package that way.  The potatoes were ordinarily and all I could think about during the meal was "Is this at all better than a TV dinner?"   It wasn't bad.  It wasn't good either.  It was simply  not what I expect from Mimi's - which is usually delicious.
4	Excellent breakfast and lunch. Quality food and you get plenty with your order. Good drink menu too. I always get a French Bloody Mary. yum!
3	It was the BFF's birthday and she wanted to meet up for breakfast so we decided to go to Mimi's because it was close to her house.  We didn't think it would be very busy because it was a Friday morning around 10:00 and we figured most everyone was working.  Surprisingly when we walked in there was a group of people waiting in the lobby.  Once we got to the host stand the guy told us it would be about 10-15 minutes because they only had one busser working.  That's annoying because you look around and see all these tables that don't have anyone sitting there but they're all dirty and you have to wait.  We were hungry though and didn't feel like trying to find anywhere else to go so we decided to wait.I saw several people with delicious looking Bloody Mary's so we went to the bar to order some while we waited.  There wasn't anyone tending the bar when we got there so we stood around for a little bit waiting for someone to show up.  After a few minutes someone came to get our order and make our drinks.  The drinks looked awesome while she was making it so I was really excited to try it.  It did not disappoint!  The flavor was amazing!  My mouth is seriously watering thinking back to it right now.  It was nice and spicy with a great balance to the tomato and the rim of the glass had a chili-lime powder which was great too.When we were about half way done with our drinks our buzzer went off signaling that our table was ready.  A waitress kind of walked past us as we were going to hand the buzzer back to the host and mumbled to follow her.  We weren't sure if she was talking to us since she had wandered off a little bit but once we got to the host stand he pointed us in her direction and she waved us over with an impatient look on her face.That was kind of the theme for the rest of the meal as well.  Our waitress wasn't very friendly and every time she got to our table I felt like she acted as though we were taking 20 minutes to order or ask her anything.  The food itself was pretty good, I had the Buttermilk pancakes with bacon and eggs and my friend had the Eggs Benedict which she seemed pretty happy with as well.  I think next time I come back I'll just sit at the bar for everything so I don't have to deal with grumpy waitresses or make sure to drink enough of their delicious Bloody Mary's that I don't realize how poor the service is.
5	Mimis Cafe has the best chicken cordon  bleu in Arizona.  The chicken breast is breaded with panko and is crispy on the outside and very moist on the inside.  The ham is grilled the swiss cheese and the sauce makes all the flavors so yummy.  I eat this dish with their baby potatoes and broccoli. You will always leave happy after eating this dish.
4	I love Mimis Cafe! Even though the menu has changed they still have great recipes and salads I can't avoid. My husband personally isn't a fan, but I've become very good at talking him into coming to Mimis at least once a month ;-) Funny enough, he always loves the food and it is usually pretty quiet. It's nice too, to see the same faces working there over the years. I've been coming to this location since it opened :)
3	My first visit to Mimi's Cafe was awesome, but I am becoming less and less impressed each time I go.Some of the entrees I have ordered lately have been very basic and bland. The bread that you get before the main course comes is really good though, but my meals on the whole have been average at best. Their prices aren't very good considering the food is just OK.
2	I would like to preface this review by stating that I am a server, so I know how service SHOULD be, I'm not just some crazy person who thinks things like waiting 10 min for a well done steak is "absurd"I came here for breakfast this morning at around 11:20. I managed to get a seat right away in the self seating area just to the left of the hostess stand. My server, Brittney, greeted me immediately and got my drink order. But then I had to wait a good 5 min for my coffee and water, and never got a spoon for my coffee (not a big deal but I don't like having to stir my coffee with a steak knife). By then I was ready to order, so I placed my order and waited. Someone else brought me my bloody Mary and offered me more coffee, but never brought me any. After about 10 min of having and empty cup and not seeing my server I finally asked the busser for some. A few min later my food was delivered by the same girl who delivered my bloody Mary and she finally brought me coffee. I asked her for a spoon and mentioned that I still hadn't received my juice. She said "ok" and left and didn't return. I didn't see my server again until I was 95% done with my meal (an omelet which was bland and in a pool of some kind of liquid on my plate - maybe tomato juices?)  and again asked for a spoon and more coffee. A few min later I got a spoon but didn't get more coffee for about 7 min. All in all this whole dining experience took an hour, which is pretty ridiculous for 1 person to get an omelet.(I wrote this in March 2012 and just saw that it never posted. Oops!)
1	The service here is terrible.  The place was empty.  We waited for fifteen minutes or more.  I finally asked if we could be seated in one of the many empty tables.  The answer was we do not have enough servers to seat you.  We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.  Maybe they should hire a few more waitresses.  These people did not care one bit if you waited forever.  The worst part was only a very few tables had customers.  This is the only complaint I have ever written.  I will never return to this restaurant!
2	Menu seems to be getting smaller and smaller and less flavor and size.I order a benedict and the picture looked so much more pleasant than the order I received. There really was no taste to the potatoes or the eggs and the hollandaise sauce was not good. The prices are not bad but I was disappointed and will not be coming here again.The saving grace here was the honey bran muffin. A little bit of butter and the muffin was amazing. I would get some to go everyday here if I had time.The service was great but the place is surely spiraling downhill from when I first starting coming here.
2	I used to love coming to Mimi's when I would be in town visiting family.  It used to be crowded and we'd have to rush to beat the line.  Sadly those times are done....I will not be back!When we got there at 6pm the place was empty.  Score!?!  No, its empty because it has majority gone down hill.  We had 4 people and split 2 dinner for 2s and we got the baked brie also.  Regarding our 5 appetizers: baked brie bleh (better not melted and not enough bread), house salad OK, seafood crepe good, french onion soup salty, fried artichoke gross (only sauce was good).Our entrees...not impressive.  The orange chicken crepe was nasty, walnut brie salad was OK, pot pie was more of chicken and veg with pasty on top (not a pie) and French dip was ok (lots of meat).  It came with a trio of dessert, bread pudding, apple cobbler, and chocolate cake ala mode.  Hit or miss.  My counterparts got theirs first (without receiving utensils...so I stole some from another table).  Their trio must have been old.  The chocolate cake was rock hard and the bread pudding was spongy and weird.  Our trio was better, but still nothing ro brag about.So bad to ok food.  Service was the worst!!!  Took 2 hours. Our waitress Susan would say she's getting something for us and then disappear or go and talk story with other tables.  She brought 1 trio and forgot the other and lied and said "it takes me a while to get them together so I wanted to get you one so you start eating" (which we couldn't so anyways without silverware).  Later when I asked again she sais she would go in the kitchen and get them to make our trio...so I know her earlier comment was a lie.  Only another waitress ever filled our drinks.  And we saw at least 2 tables come after us and leave before us, and at least 1 of them had the dinner for two also so cant use that as an excuse for the delay.Junk junk junk
2	Service was slow, food was forgettable. They also seemed to be out of a lot of things on the menu. My burger came out on soggy toast and basically fell apart in my hands, and my wife's "brioche croque" looked like it was on a hamburger bun. Apparently they think adding an 'e' to the end of words like salad and soup makes them better. I don't know. Avoid this place for lunch and dinner.
4	wow....mimi's is really getting hit with some really bad reviews here. i was almost afraid to go there today for breakfast. i have been to mimi's many times over the years and have had mostly very good experiences but I have had a couple of negative ones but each time upper mgmt did address the concerns. I hope they are aware of the nagatives they are currently getting cause it's not rocket science to give good service and a good expereince. The people running the place just have to care and i hope they do cause I really like the ambiance here and I don't want mimi's to suck. Anyway, today the experience was great.  Promptly sat with a smile, waitress very friendly and totally efficient, food tasty n delicious. My friend and I both had omlets that were prepared perfectly....roasted potatoes------very good------blueberry& orange cranberry muffins----all very yummy.......good coffee.......good water......so, for me.....still a nice place to go for a meal. Maybe it helps to have a very nice head of hair, which I do, to get the primo experience. Next time I'll wear a hat and see if that makes a difference in quality of service.....I will let my thousands of followers know.
3	I still like Mimi's and had a good experience there yesterday for an early lunch but just 2 quick observations about how this location is run. Half the restaurant was empty yet they still had a wait to be seated and then they did most of their seating in the loudest most closed in room of the restaurant. This is obviously a reflection on the mngt here and the lack of enough wait staff. My favorite area is the street side open window area and it seems this is the last place they seat or open up. Why? Hire some staff and improve your service Mimi's.  Second: When strawberry is in the title of the dish then it should feature prominately on that or in that dish. I had the strawberry-walnut salad and it was excellent except it had a total of 3 small half strawberries on it. Really? C'mon......how does the kitchen or the wait person allow a Strawberry-walnut salad to be served with 3 half strawberries. Please re-name this dish the Search-for-the-strawberries-walnut salad.
2	The menu keeps getting smaller, the prices keep getting higher, and the service hasn't gotten any better. We called ahead for 11am and walked in at 1050. They didn't seat us until 1120 and we didn't see a waitress for a little over 10 minutes and we ordered right away for fear we wouldn't see her again in a while. Food was good but took 40 minutes to come out. Overall not impressed.
2	What has happened to Mimi's? It was always our favorite place to go for a good meal with good service. Now the menu has been cut down to fewer selections, service is horrible and proportions have been cut as well. We always looked forward to the bread basket containing the wonderful carrot-raisin bread. No more carrot raisin bread. Just plain rolls that were just okay. (I ordered a separate c-r muffin to get my fix). We wanted an appetizer but the selection was so unappealing that we just ordered the small dinner salads that were listed as appetizers. Most of the appetizers had some type of seafood and unfortunately I'm not a fan. The Brie thing and the artichoke thing didn't appeal at all either. We both just ordered water to drink but didn't get it until after the salads arrived. My husband ordered the salmon dish and I was happy to see they still had their meatloaf dinner, although listed separately on another menu under "Classics".  Both meals were very good, but the portions were not what they used to be. Our server never once came to check on us and we never got a refill on water. The place had very few customers so it's hard to understand why a little extra time couldn't have been taken to see if we needed anything. In years past the place was always busy and we knew if we didn't want a long wait to get there fairly early. We went at peak dinner time tonight and there were very few customers, but we still had to wait a few minutes to be seated. It's obvious that they don't have the wait staff or bus people they used to have. Maybe because their business has fallen off?  They need to go back and re-think about how successful they used to be and compare that against all the changes they have made. I don't want to see them fail, but I want it to be worth my time and money to keep patronizing them. It's sad to see how bad it's become and I hope management takes note of everyone's comments and takes steps to try and turn it back around.
5	This is the best Mimi's in Phoenix.  Ask for Karen or Dawn for some of the best service!!!!
3	This is my first Mimi's experience.  The wait staff is wonderful.  The French Onion Soup was fine, no complaints, not exceptional, but few are.  The dinner itself was stepping back to yesterday.  When I told the wait staff that the Brussels sprouts were not eatable she w as happy to get me fresh or exchange for another veritable.  The potato gratin was 1960-80 in texture and taste. The stake needed more seasoning, but I prefer less then to much, a thin stake is very hard to cook medium rare, but this was cooked perfectly.  The sauce I shall not comment on there is so little that can be said.Would I come back, yes.  On one dish is not enough to say if Mimi's is average or above the rest.  I will try them again.  Their deserts look sinful, trying NOT to try one.........        Maybe take something home.
1	Welcome to the reunion of cacoon, old people everywhere, walking dead.  Don't sit in the self seating area by the hostess area.   You are the last to get service, empty glasses, waitress ha Ok would have been nice to see her more then once. Thanks for bringing my toast out after I finished my eggs....usually people dip toast in their dippy eggs.
1	We went to Mimi's on mothers day as has been tradition for the past few years. It was the WORST experience ever. The service (our waiter) was horrible; checked on us a few times but overall very slow and didn't seem to care about his guests. The food came and was average at best. We ate and left. Then a few hours later three people in our party of six got violently ill. It was food positioning. I had to go to the hospital to be treated..it was so bad. To make matters worse I called the next day and the manager wasn't available so I went to their social media to tell my story. A day later someone from their insurance company called me to find out details. No call back from Mimi's, just their insurance company. That type of a call off of the complaint would lead me to believe this was not isolated to our party. STAY AWAY from this dump at all costs! So many better, cleaner, and SAFER restaurants close by.
2	:( The service was fast. We ordered (2) meals. The Bouillabaisse seafood soup and the Bavette Steak with Brussels sprouts. The french onion soup was excellent. The soup was ok; it would have been nice to see some seafood in it for it was little. The Bavette Steak was awful. There were (5) strips of tough meat and the sprouts were burned; maybe they were trying cajun. Don't know, but it wasn't worth $17.50 :(
4	Love their breakfasts and have not been disappointed at all!!  The wait staff has been awesome the few times we have been.  Honestly, we have gone 3 times in the past couple of months for breakfasts with different people and we have all enjoyed it!
3	I haven't eaten here in along time and boy has mimis gone down hill! Wrong info by servers, No Kids meal menus. Long waits even though there is no one waiting at all! I guess that's why it's empty, it's a shame because I really use to like it here. Oh also the menu says fresh oj, the lady said it's actually from concentrate. Why say it on the menu if it's not. Okay at the end the manager gave me free muffins for the long wait. That just added 2 stars. That's the kind of proactive customer loyalty the engenders brand loyalty. Still good memories from childhood will keep me returning.
1	We don't even know where to begin.  We were always lovers of Mimi's.  For over 10 years it was our favorite and only breakfast place.  But these reviews are correct.  The menu gets smaller and smaller, the prices get higher and higher.  Gone are all the classics - The West Coast Reuben, Crab Eggs Benedict, along with some of their signature sandwiches. This location in Glendale like most along Bell Road are full of old people with big blue Buicks, who are just waiting to die.If you must go - ask for Dawn - she is the single best server and knows how to hustle.  Unfortunately she can't make up for the bad selection of food and the poor menu items.  I hadn't been there in about a year and thought we would try it one last time, but were sorely disappointed.  I ordered a sandwich with Brie cheese, and I kept biting into something weird.  They left the rind on the Brie and just put them on the sandwich as if it were cheese slices.   That was it for us.  Never again.  RIP Mimi's.  You were great until you were acquired a few years ago.  Now all you're doing is circling the drain and will go away just like Marie Callendars.
5	I've been going here for years and it's always great.  I like the atmosphere and the menu.  The service is rea responsive and always comes by with water and tea to fill.
1	While the food here is good, the service needs a lot of improvement. I have never had to wait so long for a server to come by and wait on our table. This is my second time coming here because I believe in giving the benefit of the doubt to restaurants. But this is the second time I've had to wait over 20 minutes to have the server even acknowledge us and the only reason the server acknowledged us was because we went ant GOT them! That's not service!  If I wanted to get my own food I'd stay home and cook. But every now and again you want a special treat, not having to cook on a Sunday morning is one of them.
1	I took my aunt there for lunch on saturday it wasn't even busy, our waitress Kim was so hyper and not very good, it took the kitchen 45 minutes to get our food out,  all I had was a salad and my aunt had eggs. when I asked for the manager the waitress got very hyper and interrupted me so I demanded to see the manager. When she came over she just wanted to make sure everything was ok, never asked me what is wrong and did not offer to waive the bill, I had to ask her to adjust the bill and I paid for one meal,  she actually should've picked up the whole bill, will never go there terrible service...........
2	Met others for lunch on a Monday. Not busy, seated quickly.I ordered the sandwich listed as "Avocado and Tomato" .If you are going to list Avocado as the first item of the sandwich, I would think there would be more than 2 thin thin slivers of it on the roll. Literally was maybe, just maybe 1/8th of a small avocado on it, I had looked prior to eating it. Very disappointed, and had I not been with co worker and her mother, I would have sent it back right then. Cream cheese on it, not spread on it, but a huge chunk that was sliced off of a block. It should have been called "Cream Cheese Sandwich" instead, as this item dominated the entire sandwich.This is the second time I have eaten here. The first was a tuna sandwich that was dripping with watery juice, making the bread all soggy.Will not be returning. Do not get what you pay for in my opinion,
2	First time here and probably the last time, unless I'm desperate to eat out and just ran out of other places to go for brunch. I started off by ordering some hot tea which I found was a little strange when the waitress came out with just hot water and then asked me what tea I wanted....she didn't even give me options and just stood there staring at me blankly. Ooook then so I will ask the question, "what kind of teas do you have?" She listed me the teas they have and I picked one and she went back to the kitchen to grab the tea. Generally wouldn't you ask what tea the diner wanted first or at least present the options when you bring the hot water?? Ok not such a big deal, we'll move past this. Ordered the quiche which was equivalent to eating a cheese pizza from Dominos...easy with the cheese guys there are other ingredients in a quiche too. I also ordered a chocolate croissant which was good, so I will give a star for that.What really bothered me from this meal was when the waitress brought my bill literally 2 seconds after I bit into my food. I barely got to taste my food and she's already rushing me to check out??? She didn't even bother to ask me if I wanted to order anything else. This is downright rude and such poor customer service!
3	Good, small portions. Pricey for simple foods. Nice environment.
1	The one star I gave is strictly for the kind waitress who took our order.  Otherwise,what an experience.  I took my sister to Mimi's on Bell road yesterday.  I was told it would be 10-15 minutes before we got seated - It was 1:15 pm and there was hardly anyone there!  I asked to sit in the main room and mentioned "nobody's in there"...I was told, "they're starting to fill it up now.  Finally after being seated, we ordered the same thing - the "Mozzarella and tomato" salad. The salads came with a honey muffin.  The service was excellent - attentive and caring.  Kudos to the kind lady who waited on us.  Within 2-3 hours after returning home, I became violently ill.  I got the chills and started to shake so badly. And then, the nausea and vomiting started - lasting until almost midnight.  I also ran a 102 fever.  I called my sister this morning and asked her if she had gotten sick.  YES, she had!  Coincidence?  I don't think so.  I called the restaurant this morning and was given to the "District Manager".  I don't believe he could have cared less.  He told me "nobody else got sick from that meal yesterday" - I said, well, my sister and I did" ... silence from this man.  While we were eating, there was no one left in the restaurant.  He asked me how soon after we ate did we experience symptoms. I replied 2+hours.  He came back with "well, if it was food poisoning, that usually takes 4 hours".  Since I had the food poisoning website pulled up on my computer - it shows that anywhere from 2-6 hours after you eat, you experience the symptoms of food poisoning".  Again, silence. I asked what is the recourse, he said he'd file a claim and I'd probably be hearing from someone from corporate.  No "I'm sorry, you got sick, or I hope you come back" or anything that remotely resembled compassion. Needless to say, I will never return nor bring guests to that Mimi's again.
2	Made reservation for small group ( 11 ).  Our table was ready and we all got there pretty much same time.  Got the menus, selected our lunch choices and then had to wait for the waitress and wait....another customer was holding her up asking all sorts of questions or whatever.  We finally got our orders in ... got the bread baskets and waited.   None of this was the fault of the waitress.  I blame the manager for not sending in another server to the room.  I ordered fish and chips....fish excellent, fries awful.  There was a time when everything  was perfect at Mimi's, but nothing stays the same (except the prices,  (they go up).I just read Bad L's review.  What a nasty person.  We are seniors, we have newish cars and no we are not waiting to die...we are quick, lively and alert.  Wonder how old that crab is.
5	Pleasant surprise. Stopped in with no info. Ordered deviled eggs and meatballs for appetizers. Very good. Prices very reasonable. Quality good. Bread options were also good. Carrot/nut, French baguette. Interesting, fun menu items. Decor is more for the older crowd but clean/comfortable.
1	Mimi's is slipping in quality.  The grilled chicken tasted like it was done on a George Forman grill.  Very tough.  The other meals by our party were at least edible, but come on, I go out to get something better than what I can heat up at home in the microwave.
2	My wife and I had breakfast here this morning and was disappointed in the visit.  First cup of coffee barely hot, second was good however.  As an artificial sweeteners user we were disappointed that REAL Sweet & Low and Equal were replaced by generic ones. The pumpkin muffin was dry and my wife questioned if they are made fresh daily. Our omelet was not that hot either.  Side of two pancakes were not of uniform size and not as good as they used to be. $20 for a below average meal, not worth it.
5	I've been to at least a half dozen mimi's.  Usually a mediocre meal, but never awfull.  This mimi's is a gem.  I had a fantastic meal and was blown away.  Yummy!I don't know if it is the owner or the cook responsible but this particular mimi's is just amazing.  Thank you!
1	This Mimi's is the worst. The vibe is as if they are a restaurant in training. My server was nice but slightly flustered.I ordered the benedict with bacon and tomatoes. When you look at the picture on how it was served it was sloppy and made with no care. Mimi's has always given some presentation but this was food on a plate.It looked a mess and then I put my fork in it had egg shells inside. I said to my family I knew this dish looked off when it arrived and now egg shells.I told my server and she was great about getting me something else and apologizing. So I ordered my next usual the Quiche Lorraine taste great but once again thrown on a plate. Typically its served on lettuce with fruit on a plate. This was not the case.Low Fat Blueberry muffin was great as always..This location just didn't feel welcoming and the experience was subpar, management they need help.
4	The breakfast is good and the staff is friendly, but my favorite part of this place is they bring a complimentary snack plate for the kids to keep them busy until the food comes.
