2	Pretentious, and they charge a high cover charge and don't open until 9:00 p.m.Red-flocked wallpaper complete with raised designs of velvet.  Dark and tattooey.
5	Great atmosphere and music. Drink prices are quite affordable, also. Easy to forget that you're in downtown Urbana. My new favorite bar!
4	Red Star is the new Black Dog. Well, I guess it doesn't serve BBQ (or any food), and it doesn't open until 9pm, but it is the coolest thing to open in Downtown Urbana recently.Red Star Liquors is a dark, sultry lounge, similar to the old Barfly in Champaign, but much classier and with a coherent theme and vibe. The decor works really well in this place, from the blood red mood lighting to the lush wallpaper and the vintage deco bar. The deep, private booths are really comfy. The music is spun by a DJ (on Saturday nights, at least) who plays songs geared toward the crowd.The crowd is what you would expect in Downtown Urbana: mostly 20s-30s with a few older than that, and best of all, no students! Crowd-wise, think somewhere in between the Iron Post next door and Crane Alley. This is a GREAT place to go for a drink or two after dinner on a date.The bartenders are professional and friendly. They have Bell's, Stella, Guinness, and some of the old reliable domestic macros on tap. Prices were as expected. There was no cover charge the Saturday night (before Valentine's Day) I went.
4	After a couple of more Red Star impressions, my opinion has improved. I still think the place is dark and tattooey, but not so pretentious and no cover charge.  A good selection of high-end distilled spirits, and since they don't unlock the doors until 9 p.m. the crowd is different than the dump Iron Post.
4	I spose this is a no-brainer, but as the night goes on, this lounge gets better and better. The crowd gets younger and cooler, and the music keeps pace. Maybe I'm just getting drunker, though. Park across the street at Busey or in the Urbana parking garage behind Red Star.
5	I LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!! I have been in Urbana for two years now!!!! and DAMN!!!!!!!! have I been missing out!!! I'm a medical student who needed some getting away!! Damn did Red Star come through for me!!! Apparently every Wed is old school hip-hop!!!! The atmosphere was great, red accented light fixtures over booths (that appear to be leather) lining the entire wall. The full bar is on the opposing wall with ample room between the bar and the booths for people to stand. Damn, great stuff does come in small packages! The place is small but the crowd was amazing!!! It was a relaxed atmosphere with occasional dancing. The DJ was amazing!!! A great mixture of people...black, white, gay, straight!!! I felt like I was back in Los Angeles for a bit!!!!!!! Really, I briefly forgot I was in Urbana!!! I WILL GO BACK!!!!!!MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE!!!!!!!!!!UNFORTUNATELY THIS PLACE HAS CLOSED..........
5	Hands down the best spot to grab a drink in Urbana. Not opening until 9pm keeps the "happy-hour" crowd out, so only folks looking for good music and a casual place to drink are usually there. They have some great DJ's and hip-hop night is always a good time.
5	Only bar I ever heard Sick of It All, Gorilla Biscuits and the Misfits played on request in my six years of "living" in Urbana. Therefore, it wins! On Thursday nights anyway. If they had a cool jukebox (maybe they do, now or maybe I never noticed it) it would be even better.
