4	Stumbled across this place on a Saturday morning, looking for breakfast.  It was outstanding!  I've spent a lot of time in S. Cal and Baja and love Mexican food.  This place may be my new favorite in Las Vegas.  I'd give five stars, but have only had breakfast, so I expect I'll upgrade to five stars when I've been for lunch or dinner (which will be soon).
4	Had to take care of some stuff in this part of town that I have never had any reason to visit.. On the way home, I spotted this place and had a sudden craving for a Mexican Seafood platter.Mojarra Al Mojo De Ajo: A Whole Fried Tilapia sauteed in garlic  sauce and topped with more garlic sauce. Comes with beans, rice, salad green chile sauce and fresh handmade tortillas.  - The fish was fried perfrectly and tasted fresh from the sea, the garlic sauce was no joke (smothered with Garlic!) and extremely strong but I loved it, the green chile sauce was intensified with spices/heat but did not linger (Very nice!)- Rice and Beans were typical and satisfying- The Tortillas were Mesmerizing!! There is Absolutely No Comparison with store bought tortillas and their handmade tortillas served here.Carne Asada Taco: Litlle diced meat, very soft, not much flavor but their red chile sauce, cliantro and onions, especially the handmade tortilla made it a success.The Price was inexpensive for portion and taste, Place was decored surprisingly vibrant and server was helpful and kind. Would come here more often if it was closer!
2	We went today to La Reyna Mexican Rest and We weren't impressed.  We were expecting something better.  I had a Chile relleno combination and the rice was overcook and the beans just didn't taste good.  My husband had a Molcajete and it was not bad.  One thing i didn't like is that we got there we ordered a Jamaica drink and we were told that it wasn'r ready so the waitress told us to try the lemonade that it was fresh made, so we ordered 2 and when she came back it wasn't lemonade, was a margarita mix very very sweet and we were charged $7.00 for it.  Defenitelly we wont go back.
4	Super Authentic and Delicious food along with a chill and friendly staff. The Mojarra with Garlic had thicks chunks of pure white fish that  was perfect for making fish tacos. They even provided me with extra tortillas which appear to be handmade in the restauraunt. They were awesome. Got a free triple scoop of strawberry ice cream with toppings for checking in!
4	Stop being loyal to the big over priced chains of the lindos and the vivas, give this restaurant a try! My mom brought us here the last time she visited,  I had a shrimp cocktail which was full of shrimp and avocado. This was the first time I had a michellada, now I am in love with this drink, I crave it. My husband had a shrimp and tilapia dish which he described as delicious!  So we have visited a few times since,  every dish we order tastes fresh and recently cooked. But by far my favorite is the molcajete dish with the shrimp, chicken, steak,  potatoes and a hot sauce, to die for, perfect for a cold day, along with some hand made tortillas.....yumm! You must try the home made horchata!!!!!
5	I've lived around the corner from this place for years but never thought to go in until a few months ago. The service was good, and the homemade tortillas even better. If you come here, you must order the camarones a la diabla, and you must get extra tortillas. You will not be disappointed. 5 stars, no question.
5	Ordered chalipita de ceviche! I do gotta say it was amazing. Yummmers! My bf ordered camarones ranchero and they were also yummy I recommend both.
