5	t's rare to read positive reviews for RV dealers or repair yards, but here's one I'm happy to report. Last month our Allegro coach was struck by a red-light runner here in Phoenix. When Camping World was slow to respond to my call for a tow, I had the coach delivered to RV Renovators in Mesa for the $12,000 of repair work required to get us back on the road. We were met there by the owner, Monte Germaine, who quickly promised the kind of first-class customer service that in reality seldom seems to materialize. Well, I was wrong about this guy. Every promise he made to us from the first day was met and often surpassed. More to the point, the repairs were completed on time and to very high standards. Speaking for myself, I hope to encounter others in this business like Mr. Germaine as our RV experiences continue. He and his employees are real deal when it comes to customer satisfaction.
1	What about the little guy?I have a 27ft travel trailer that needs a window repair. The woman I spoke to at RV Renovators was not helpful at all! I needed a ballpark figure for the repair and without taking the trailer to them, likely leaving it there for who knows how long due to work schedules, she couldn't say even close to the cost. Not even a range of $100 over or under...could be very pricey and then finding a better deal would be in our best interest for all the hassle this company needs customers to go through first! It bugs me in this day and age when companies don't see the bigger picture.We plan to have a lot of other work done to the trailer to "customize" it when we can afford it next month and now I pray I can find a different place to take our trailer to that is more accommodating to customers.By the way, a hint for those in customer service, don't be grumpy on the phone, don't say "NO" as much as you can avoid it, offer HELP/ASSISTANCE. After-all its what the CUSTOMER is looking for!
1	These guys attempted to repair a wall issue in my RV which is now falling apart again.  Their idea of buffing an RV is a joke!  I had them work on our water heater and they said there was a nest in it!  It would have been impossible to have a nest in there since It was used all the time and there was NO opening for a bird.  I opened up the water heater at home and it was half full of calcium.  They didn't do anything with the water heater.  I will never go back!
