5	#1 go to store for all things producetheir best savings are friday-sunday so that's really convenientavocados are always 3-6 for $1few pounds of tomatoes $1eggplant 1/1 at least they always have them ranch market never doeseverything we've tried here has been really fresh and lasts a long timeI do wish they had better sized sweet potatoes for cooking but that problem applies to all stores around heregreat price on soy chorizo as wellnot the place to buy processed foods, ice cream or pizzaif you cook from scratch you will save tons of moneyWe feed 3 people for a week on about $60 believe it or notand it never seems to be too crowded like the ranch market or el super
3	We stopped in here late one Saturday night to grab a couple of emergency ingredients that I needed to prepare the dish that I was taking to a luncheon the next day.    As we were walking in I noticed a young, smartly dressed Hispanic guy standing out front of the store with a gaggle of young ladies in tight dresses.  It was late at night on a Saturday and I didn't think too much about it.Inside the store I noticed that it was clean and well organized.  We were able to find the ingredients that we needed right away, and at a reasonable price and checked out without any wait.  The clerk that checked us out was friendly too.  We walked back to our car in the parking lot and after we climb in my husband says in a disgusted tone under his breath that he can't believe that the store management allows that to happen right in front of the store.  Being slightly buzzed from a few drinks earlier in the night I'm not sure I understood what he meant so I said "huh?" and he explains exactly what he means to me....  In incredulous shock I look back across the parking lot at where they are standing and look again.  Sure enough I now understand what he means; it was clear as day on second glance.   So, I guess if you are shopping for more than just groceries at 11 PM on a weekend this is the place to come.  :/
1	So on regular basis I stop by the Food CityOn McDowell rd and get a Burrito during my Sat morning shop it's usually pretty tastyVery reasonably priced . My burrito todayWas suppose to be Carnitas and potatoThe person making it also recited back what I ordered And maybe I spoke to fast Or something but I ended up with a bean and potato burrito... And some Sour rice pudding I'm disappointed ... American Based businesses go to great lengths to Accommodate Spanish  speaking  peopleCan we at least get a English understanding employee that takes our Orders ....
2	I went yesterday for their fried chicken for 6.99. Good price right? Wrong! Chicken was dried out, and hard. Definitely going to KFC or churches chicken next time! But deli lady was nice:-)  only plus side!
4	This place is awesome for all your Mexican food needs. The store carries limited selection so if your looking for something that you can find at your local grocery store it might not be here. I recently made a batch of strawberry tamales and found everything I needed except for the strawberries. Hehe.  As I was very limited on time it was awesome that I found remade unseasoned masa por tamales.  This place has great prices for all their products. I love getting their preseasoned carne asada and tres leches for dessert.
1	The Deli area customer service Needs some training twice nowI have had issues one of the Ladies doesn't understand EnglishU ask for one thing and its wrong Most if the time it's fine almost Comedic but when you just want A couple pieces of chicken and The employee is like I can notSell just two pieces to you I'm like Really there's no one behind me Ordering it or anything for that matterI went to Ranch Market!!!!!
5	Love this place my family has been shopping here for well over 20 years I believe and we have never had a problem with their service, the staff is super friendly and you can still get it out of there with a cart full of groceries fairly quickly on a pretty busy night they also sell this awesome family pack of meat and poultry for 20 bucks great for bargain shoppers it comes with a packet of ground beef, a packet of pork chops, a packet of  red meat/steak, and a packet of  chicken (it's typically boneless skinless chicken breast at that) and each one of those is at a decent amount enough to feed a family of 4/5 I highly recommend this place
