5	What could I possibly say about the Beach House Restaurant and Lounge?  I guess I could think of a few things.I went there today for the first time and was dazzled by the charm it flaunted, while still maintaining the gritty edge of a backwoods Wisconsin eatery.  Let's not get it twisted folks, we're not breaking gastronomic ground here.  What we are breaking are your misconceptions of what a restaurant can be whose parking lot is largely composed of Chevy and Dodge trucks, and whose front, snow-covered, lawn is full of snowmobiles.  Deal with it kids, this is that slice of Midwest Americana you've been looking for in any number of wayside eateries in rural America.  Fish fry anyone?To begin, let me explain that one of the many draws for the Beach House's patrons is the fact that it is still legal to smoke indoors in McFarland.  I stepped inside and was immediately made aware of this fact as plumes of smoke took up residence in my clothes and nose.  Do not fear, however, there is a separate dining room that is nonsmoking.  And man was this separate dining room packed (Superbowl Sunday).  Packed with large women squeezing into convention center chairs.  Packed with waitresses who wore skin tight white Jordache jeans, giving you a fleeting sense of their giving nature.  Packed with the eager anticipation of an entire day spent watching football and football-related activities: drooling, eating, drinking, and smoking.  God bless America.The AM dish to get here is the Walleye and eggs breakfast.  I would tend to agree, although their limited selection of omelets is made marginally more tasty by the addition of broccoli (you heard me punk).  As breakfast wore on, the dining room filled, emptied, and filled again; the waitstaff eagerly setting new places, removing paper place settings, calling people darlin' and hon'(always appreciated).So give it to me hard backwoods Wisconsin.  Give me every sinew of your being: your ice fishing, snowmobiling, smoking, bloody Mary drinking, being.  Just be.  And give me a friggin' huge piece of deep fried walleye to help me digest the spectacle, with scrambled eggs on the side.  And don't you dare forget the tartar sauce.
5	Awesome food, awesome prices, awesome service!  Decor is something to be desired but the view and food more than makes up for it.  Go and enjoy some of Wisconsin's very best fried cheese curds.  Go for Breakfast  and order a pancake, you will only need one.  For Dinner try any of their specials, I've had them all!  Makes me want to go there tonight.Just a local
1	Service was terrible! I will never return!!! We waited in the bar and were never greeted or spoken too. People walked in after us and were seated. Not sure what their structure is for seating, but they suck at it. I will not be back.
4	This place is pretty dumpy - "Corinthian leather" chairs, crappy tables...What is worth going for is the walleye and eggs served on weekends.  It is a HUGE portion of walleye, lighty fried, served with eggs cooked to order, potatoes and toast.  All this for something like $10.  Totally worth a side trip if you are in Madison.
5	Amazing Friday night FISH FRY! I got out a lot for fish fry's in Madison and the surrounding area and this still remains my favorite. I usually get the Cod dinner, which is always cooked perfect, not too soggy or too crispy, which comes with a side AND a soup or salad for only $9.95. I always recommend the Beach House when someone is looking for a GREAT fish fry! :)
4	For being surrounded by two lakes, Madison doesn't do a great job of having places to drink on the water. Head down to McFarland and check out the beach house. It's like a dive bar slash restaurant right on the lake. Tons of windows. Not a bad place.Can't comment on the food. Drink specials were solid.
4	This place has good steaks,and fish fry. I also like the saturday special bacon wrapped filet, with lobster tail,all for 24.99 I think? All the dinners come with soup or salad, potato choic,warm rolls w/ butter. Walleye,cod,bluegill are all delecious. Good place for a beer as well. Great view, and drink specials. This is a real Sconnie place,Wisco to the core. My fave Fish Fry spot for sure.
5	I have not Yelped in quite a while and to all my fans (all none of you)...sorry.  So I will start on a positive note...So I have been to the Beach House so many times I feel dumb reviewing it but I am so deal with it and go there.If you are going for drinks...do it.  The clientele is awesome and you will always hear some great stories.  But this review is for the food.  ALWAYS AMAZING!  We went for breakfast the other day for the first time in a long time and it was as good as I remember.  The Eggs Benedict are just delicious and something I could eat every day and they make one hell of a Bloody Mary (so I am told by my wife since I do not like them) if your interest in that.So if you want some good breakfast on the weekend and in the McFarland area...Breach House it is!
2	Nasty & Dirty.  Food is okay.  They do a great steak.  The place is full of regulars drinking cheap beer.
3	We had dinner at the Beach House on Friday on our way up to northern Wisconsin based on reviews on Yelp.  If you are looking for good fish fry the Beach House has it.  I had the perch which was great, my bf had the walleye which i think had an even better flavor.  The fish deserves 5 stars.  Everything else a 3 star.  I would give 3 1/2 stars if that were an option.  Would definitely go back.
2	I really wanted to like this place but it wasn't what we were looking for.They have a great spot on the lake but it is a pretty dumpy little fish shanty.   If that is what you are looking for, you will love it.  There were a bunch of locals there having a good time and if we were there with a group of our friends it might be ok for a few beers.  But still way way too crowded.  Like sardines in a can.There was no one to greet us so we just took a table by the window.   Then we waited and waited.  Then someone came over and said hi.  Then we waited and waited.  I was about to get up and leave when someone came over and said, "oh, you haven't been waited on yet?"  So she then tried to help things along.   The menu was average for sandwiches but overpriced, we felt, for entrees as we ordered the Ahi Tuna and the Bluegill.   The Tuna was very good and perhaps appropriately priced but the Bluegill was not proportionately enough.  It was made well enough and had ok flavor but should have been a few dollars less.Salad was ok.  At least had a variety of greens but still needed a little more.If I ever went back it would be for a few beers and the view, that's it.It's too bad because we really need some nice places on the lake and with all the lakes around here there aren't as many lakeside restaurants as you would expect.
4	This is the quintessential mom and pop bar / restaurant on a lake. They specialize in cheap beer and great food. Staff is friendly and down home, but you'd better leave your big-city attitude at home.We went for a Friday night fish fry. I live in Seattle these days and was not about to miss the opportunity while in town.Started with a couple of Spotted Cows (on tap!) while the rest drank Miller Lite. (Told ya...) There were five adults plus a 12-year old.Walleye was excellent, the waitress was too. We made reservations and the table was ready well ahead of time. Our one tactical error was sitting in the bar for the view. It was LOUD! Think that the dining room is much quieter.Notice that I am not saying much about the food? Here's the deal:- It was Friday- It was Hot- The beer was Cold- The fish fry was exactly what you would expect in a place like this: great walleye!'Nough said...
5	We live just down from the Beach House.  We love going there. They are super friendly. We usually do not have to wait to be seated. The weekend breakfasts are the best. Bloody Marys are outstanding. Love the crab cakes eggs Benedict. Yum! Huge portion of walleye with your eggs which is one of my friends favs when they come visit. It is a great local hangout too, beautiful view, easy parking for your boat from lake waubesa. We recommend it always!
4	Now I must state one little thing about the way I rate restaurants. My ratings are relative to my expectations of the experience and in no way relative to other restaurants, (it just isn't fair to use the same scale for a place like the Beach House as you would for The French Laundry so again, it's all relative) I've only been here for breakfast but the second time I drove a long damn way to have breakfast again so that in and of it self should say something. (another caveat: there are maybe six restaurants in McFarland that don't have drive-thrus)  I ordered the Walleye and eggs both times along with a bloody mary (gotta love a beer back, yay for Wisconsin). Now I am well aware of the number of bones that a whole Walleye contains and cannot in any way hold the Beach House responsible for that. I can say that the breading was perfectly crispy and well seasoned and that the fish was not at all over cooked, nice and moist. plus I think it cost $10 which was awesome (you can't get fish for breakfast at these prices in Chicago) For me the biggest highlight of breakfast here is what they do to the potatoes (their name for them is eluding me at the moment) by request they will top your breakfast potatoes with a heap of meat, veggies and cheese, enough to make it a hangover-soaking-up meal unto itself.To sum it all up: if you find yourself looking for breakfast and a little "hair o' the dog" in McFarland Wisconsin because "What happens at the Beach House, stays at the Beach House" and we all love that about any restaurant.
5	I use to boat in this area alot.  I always made this place to stop for  breakfast. very good.   They are know for there Walleys and eggs,  Some people even like a bloody mary or vodka and orange served with them.  Anything on the menu is good.  Nice place on the water.  You can come by boat or car.  If you come by boat a nice little ride over to Madison area makes it a fun day.
5	We love the Beach House.  We come here often.  Food is always good.  Drinks are made by some really awesome people!  Specials are always worth a look. Weekend breakfasts are very popular, so come early.  Try the walleye/eggs.  Or the crab/eggs benedict.  Very very good!!
4	Excellent dinner. Had a New York Strip steak and Scallops for $22.00
4	Food was very good and the atmosphere is the classic divey Wisconsin bar. The only way it could be better was if they added outdoor service/outdoor bar. We will be back!
4	I've been to this place a couple of times and we've always had good food. Service was a bit slow, but will definitely keep going back. Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too.
4	Food and service have always been good.  The seafood dinner was done perfectly.
4	The Beach house is probably one of our favorite breakfast places. The walleye and eggs are truly a specialty. Their fish fry is also very good and they have a nice view of lake Wabesa. If they expanded food and drinks outside, they'd have a 5 star.
4	I got a Groupon for here for my fiancee and mine's anniversary, and we finally were able to get there a month later.  The restaurant was super easy to find and I loved how it was right on the lake.  I spent a lot of time the last few summers in northern WI on a lake, so it was nice to be back on a lake again- brought back good memories!  We did not make a reservation, so it was an hour wait for a table when we arrived.  We hung out in the slightly crowded bar and had a few drinks while we were waiting.  The drinks were good and the bartenders were attentive, so no complaints there!  We were seated at a table that had a great view of the lake.  They had lots of specials going on that night (Friday night fish!), and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.  Delish!  They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.  I got the blue gill/lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.  I know blue gill is a thinner fish, and while my dish was good, there was not a lot of actual fish under the batter.  I got a salad with my fish with a tomato basil vinaigrette, which was surprisingly good and coleslaw which was pretty standard.  The salmon with the Caribbean dipping sauce was fantastic, but the veggies he got as a side was just some steamed broccoli and carrots- not very creative!  Our server was attentive all night, even though the restaurant was super busy all night.  By the time we left, I was very full and satisfied.
4	Went here for fish fry with one of my friends and we ended up sitting outside and watching the sunset. Our server was very nice and the food was SOOOO good! I had the fried cod and she had the walleye. We were both impressed and full after the meal. My favorite part - the price - very affordable and you get to pick your sides, which were also really good, american fries and asparagus. I'd highly recommend and I'm going back!
2	Stopped here while on a Sunday drive.  Tried sitting outside and the waitress did not make us feel welcomed.  She was rude and careless.  We walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better.  Unfortunately the same lady came in and started venting about her customers.  Seems like they have enough customers and do not need to be nice anymore.  Too bad because the beer was nice and cold.  Great views too.
2	It was ok - waitress was very good - even with 7:45 Friday night reservations no tables were available and had a very long wait - drunk patron at the bar swearing very loud with the F-bomb and other words and slamming items on the bar - first ordered the salmon special and of course it was already sold out - two of us then ordered the fish fry mine was lukewarm and the other one was cold. Don't plan on going back.
1	I took my mom and grandma to the Beach House last night for dinner thinking it would be better than getting a Papa Murphy's pizza. There weren't many patrons in the dining room. Our waitress was very short with us, demanding our drink orders before taking any questions or orders for our food. I ordered scallops, and when they came to the table they were overcooked, but also cold. It took me at least 15 minutes to find the waitress to ask if I could get warmer food. She said that she would have the kitchen make up a new meal, and about 15 minutes later she returned with my same plate, with my original fork and original food. They scallops were now warm, but lacked flavor, and were even tougher than before. The waitress didn't seem to care about the quality of the food and seemed to be either having a terrible night or was on the influence of something. Needless to say, I will not be returning. On a positive note, the sunset on the lake is pretty.
2	Later in the night, not very crowded yet they insisted we sit crowded next to another pair of people.  Service was slow, just getting a drink was an effort.  Food was poorly prepared and over cooked, or as in my partners case cold.  No way coming back other than drinks in the summer.
4	I would not have known about this place had it not been for the Holiday Groupon. I redeemed mine with my bf over the weekend, and the food was delicious and cooked well (see Holiday Groupon pic).The restaurant was packed on Saturday night; I'm glad I called in a reservation. Local town folk. Not a huge place but still cozy. The servers were running around and busy but made sure that our table was attended well. Ask for Dee Dee; she's a trip! I'll be back again for more food once the snow has melted to try the other items on the menu.
1	Ate there last night with a group of friends.  The waitstaff was friendly, but that was pretty much the only good thing of the night.  I hate french onion soup that was so salty, it tasted like a salt lick.  Plus, they put so many croutons in the soup, I was only actually afforded about two small spoonfuls of soup before the liquid was soaked up.  I ordered the bluegill for my main dish.  Being an avid fisherman, I can appreciate some good Wisconsin bluegill.  This bluegill, however, was not good.  It was cold and tasted very old.  The fries that went along with it were also extremely salty.  A couple people in the group said their food was okay, but definitely not worth a trip back.  I was quite bummed about this.
1	It you're basic bar food.  Nothing more.
4	Great place on the water. Beautiful views. Good fish fry. Very reasonable prices with nice selection of fish and sides. The staff are great!
3	I really enjoyed the view if the lake, but the service is slow and the wait staff is not attentive.  Thankfully, the food was good.
3	This is a locals joint. Great Lake view - particularly at sunset at the outdoor seating area. Bonus that it has a peer with lake access. We had a couple of apps - nachos... Nothing special and fish fingers... Actually well seasoned and tasty. I had the ground tenderloin burger with mozzarella and a portobello on a pretzel role. Conceptually this seemed good, but it seemed a bit bland. I ordered the burger medium rare - it came medium, plus... It's difficult to get a properly cooked burger anywhere. This was a $12 burger with a $2 up charge for a salad, soup, or fries - burgers otherwise come with chips. I had the salad - much nicer than I expected. The specials sounded interesting and several of the locals I was with swore by them. One of the specials was deep fried lobster bites for $20. Bottom line is this is a bar with bar food that tries hard. I'd go back if I was in the neighborhood. It's OK, but it's a McFarland icon.
4	This place was amazing!! The cucumber dill sauce for the salmon was out of this world!!! I've also never had cinnamon butter for my rolls before I came here. A must try if you are near by
2	This was a good restaurant but the menu has been downgraded to Bar Food, too bad as this was our go-to place when out on the lake.
