5	I don't normally gush over much unless it is truly deserved and this place deserves it and more. Sophia was the therapist and did an amazing job with it all. I went in for a foot massage and ended up with the full hr. at only $20.00! That massage, time alone, was worth so much more and when you add it the ambiance, the touch, the service, it is doubly so. I've never gone to a spa (outside the one I massaged at years ago) and being in a new place I wasn't sure what to get. It is professional. My massage was done in a semi-private room with only shoes and socks removed (obviously) so there is no place for anything else. Again,Sophia, great job! I'll be telling all my friends and co-workers to visit when they come to town.
1	Don't believe the 5 star ratings on this place, they're from people who've only posted 1 review which means they're the owners or friends/family of the owners trying to falsely boost their ratings. There are plenty of good, clean smelling places that actually listen to their customers.Horrible! It was like being tortured! I kept wincing and yelping in pain and the Chinese guy massaging laughed at me and patted me like I was being a baby. The 2 of us both felt beat up by both masseurs/torturers who kept laughing as they pounded on us. I've had deep tissue massages and reflexology massages before and none of them were as rough and painful as this experience...3 days later and still sore. The place smelled like rotten eggs when we first walked in and looked old for it being their "grand opening"...Should have just walked out as there were plenty of other places nearby for the same $20/hr. Do NOT go there unless you like getting beaten up!
4	Don't want to give away my new found secret....but when I signed onto yelp I'd give the good, bad and the ugly....$20hr special - full body. Immaculate - and they kept talking to each other at a minimum ( this is where they lose a star) why is it cell phones get and staff talk back and forth?!?? Can't wait to return!
3	Went back and brought friends after I couldn't stop talking about it! Ehhhhhhh.......they had a great experience and accommodated all 4 of us at the same time. Apparently I had the "manager" who continued to take calls, talk and felt that massaging me with one hand while she held the phone was acceptable. Why put I the soft music, dim lights and cover my face with stowed if you're going to talk to each other or on the phone the entire massage? One more time Excellance.....lets try PLEASE.
5	wow..hole in the wall? yes but who cares! they worked my kinks out and I felt like a new man! I'm going back againps I'd gone to another place before and this place was wayyyy better!
1	This was sadly my final return visit to this place. No cell phones this time and talking was at a minimum- actually had the best massage I have gotten here to date....why the 1 star??? Upon check out as the massage guy waited for his tip - I was asked to give MORE tip by the cashier!!!!Never again - on principal alone go elsewhere.
3	This was sadly my final return visit to this place. No cell phones this time and talking was at a minimum- actually had the best massage I have gotten here to date....why the 1 star??? Upon check out as the massage guy waited for his tip - I was asked to give MORE tip by the cashier!!!!- on principal alone go elsewhere.Returned again because people were in town and wanted to go. Why do I have a love hate relationship with this place?!?!? Honestly it's the one girl that ruins it. The one that has asked me for more tip the first time and then asked me to pre pay this last time I went in?!?!? It's not quiet and Since I have been there 6 times - never once been asked I thought....maybe change in policy ...NO. Se asked no one else to pre pay!!!! Any other suggestions please let me know
5	One of the best massages I've had in years. Ask for Michael if you can handle strong hands and great technique. He'll have you ready for a new day.
1	Forget this place.  The lady at the front is very unprofessional.   She is not pleasant at all.  The guy who massaged my feet did a sub par job.  Gave him a $7 tip and the female dog in the front gave me a rude look.  First of all, it's a $20 massage for an hour.  She charged me $21!   Ended up paying $28.  Anyways, I will never go here again and neither should you.   Don't go here, go to the bali foot spa or the one right in front of it.
5	This is the best place I never had before.  You guys really need go to try it. The service is really good. Everything is great.
5	Went with my husband expecting a foot massage but got a whole body massage.  Happened to be a very good one.  For $20 you can have no complaints and very satisfied.  Would definately come back again.
1	At the end of the message it was time to pay we did paid  the $20 for the message service,  but the man told us we HAD TO PAY $10. TIP . I DID NOT!  I gave my masseuse a $5. tip .me and my 6 girl friends will not be returning
5	My favorite foot reflexology place in Vegas because of the massage itself! I go here every time I'm in town and could care less about the terrible decor inside. There are a ton of places like this on Spring Mountain Rd. so I know it's hard to choose, but the guys here know what they are doing and will make you feel AMAZING! After a long night of dancing and drinking, go get some pho from Pho So 1 and then hop across the street to Excellence Foot Spa for the perfect hangover cure! Remember to tip your masseuse well (with cash)! :)
