5	I've been looking for an Acupuncturist and Holistic healer for quite sometime because I believe our Western Medicine has some sad gliches.  My massage therapist suggested I see her after my inquiry.  Dr. Sage is a very gentle beautiful soul, I instantly felt her healing abilities when I stepped into her aura.  She was incredibly thorough, patient and explained everything to me. I did feel better after leaving.  I will definitely go back and would suggest her to anyone.  But make an appointment she has a full schedule.According to her business card her specialties are:Japanese AcupuntureHerbal MedicineWomen's HealthPain Management
5	My new favorite acupuncturist!  Setsuko Sage is a true healer.  I was experiencing severe pain in my lower back and neck/shoulders and I called Dr. Sage-she took me the same day!  She was very attentive to my needs and every moment after I stepped in her office was comfortable and relaxing.  I've never been so relaxed during an acupuncture appointment!I have to attribute this calm atmosphere to Dr. Sage's gentle, peaceful approach.  I have no doubt that all of her patients feel supported and well taken care of in her hands.  I didn't feel even the slight (very slight) pinch that I'm used to in a session when I was with Dr. Sage.  She really took her time before she began-despite the fact that I'd told her that I've had many sessions prior.  She slowly took her time and showed me the meridian charts on the walls and pointed out where I'd need the needles.I am so incredibly grateful to have found her!  My initial appointment was $90 and I believe consecutive treatments are less-however, her treatments are worth well over  this amount. I highly recommend Dr. Sage to anyone who wants to achieve physical or mental balance!
5	Dr Sage is knowledgeable, caring and communicative. She is a fabulous medical provider
5	I love Setsuko! I fractured my spine 5 years ago and have constant pain and pinched nerves, I also suffer from migraines. Setsuko fixed it all, she is so gentle and calming, she is wonderful and I highly recommend her!
