5	What a difference a dance class makes in my daughters life!  More energetic, more outgoing, and definitely more tired! The whole crew at Bricks love what they do and it shows with my daughter!Thanks again Bricks Staff!  Keep up the KILLER job!!
4	When my friend Shauna told me about an amazing Zumba class she'd been taking, I was intrigued.  And when Saturday rolled around and I slept in past the 8am spin class I'd been planning on attending, I remembered that the Zumba class Shauna told me about started at 10:00.  I called Shauna that morning and she told me the class was at Bricks Studio. So convenient, the studio is right down the street from me, yet I never paid any attention to it before.  But I pulled in to some very friendly people, and just before the clock struck 10, I paid my $10 and was dancing up a storm with Marissa, the awesome instructor and a class full of women (and one man).  Great energy, instruction, music, and more... I've never been a huge fan of Zumba but I am now!  I may just make this a regular on my workout rotation!Come sweat it up with me some Saturday... I think you'll be impressed with the studio, and even more so with Marissa.  Her class is extremely fun and an awesome workout all at the same time.  Don't take my word for it though, come show off your moves at Bricks! See you there.
5	Ballet, Tap, Jazz, Hip-hop, Tumbling, Zumba, Karate, Kickboxing, ect. ect. Brick's has it all and for every member of the family.The best teachers, the best music, and the most fun you're child will have learning to dance. The students have even opened for the Phoenix Suns! They are very involved in showing off their students at shows all around town.The experienced teachers make every student feel special and build special bonds with all their students and family members. Even the teachers of the adult classes encourage you every step of the way to push harder. It's a one-of-a-kind place that the whole family will enjoy coming to. Every May, Brick's puts on a HUGE show for family and friends to see their SUPERSTARS shine.Specials run for both children and adult classes. While you're acquiring information, watch one of the many classes in action from outside one of the four studios. You'll see how much the teachers love their job and how much the kids enjoy being there. Even if you just need active wear. Brick's boutique keeps up with all the latest trends. They have all styles, colors, and sizes for both adults and children's. The custom made tutus are the cutest!!!
5	One of the only dance studios around the Biltmore/Arcadia area. This is my daughter's first year at Bricks Studio taking Jazz/Ballet/Tap and she loves it. The staff are friendly and my daughter has a ton of fun. The dance studio is relatively new and very girly, and the girl's huge bathrooms make it easy for my daughter to change into her leotard for classes. Dance classes are $70 for 1 class or they are currently doing a special where 2 classes are for $99. Will definitely be enrolling my daughter for next year as well.
5	I do Abby Bella Dance classes here and LOVE them! Zumba is so much fun. Each instructor is a little different, so it never gets boring or repetitive. My favorite instructor is definitely Jenny. She has so much energy and is so much fun! I look forward to her classes every week.They have a new client special - $39 for a month of unlimited dance classes. It's a steal! I highly recommend taking advantage of it and stopping by Bricks!
5	How have I never reviewed Bricks?  Time to remedy that.  My daughter has taken dance classes off and on for several years here.  She has tried several styles of dance and, as she has grown up, her preferences have changed.  Regardless of style, she has always had amazing teachers who are very interested and supportive of her.  Miss Mandy and her staff are also entirely focused on making the whole experience great for everyone...kids and families.  The studio is so cute, very comfortable, and it really feels like a community.
5	I have personally never taken a class at Bricks dance studio but I know the ownership and staff at the studio and they are amazing people. Bricks is conveniently located and I know you or your children will not be disappointed.
5	Sabrina loves the mommy & me classes on Tues & Thursdays!!! Ms. Mila is great with the kids. With her warm and fun personality the kids always gravitate towards her!
