4	Love this place! I was so happy when they finally opened up an eyebrow threading place in NLV. I've gotten my brows threaded a total of five times since it's opened and each time is a great experience. Prices are decent and Nita (threadist) is always friendly, gentle and clean.
5	Both mom and daughter have magic threading hands!
5	Excellent Customer service! Quick, fast, and my eyebrows look amazing :-)
5	I absolutely love this place!  I have been to a few different threading shops and this is by far my favorite.  The ladies are incredibly nice, there is fast service, and there is jewelry to check out, too!  I love that they use their teeth to thread.  Some places don't.  I feel like I get a better outcome with the threaders(?) that use their teeth.  I also just found out they do eyelash extensions as well so I will definitely be checking in to that.  FYI, their pricing is super reasonable.  LOVE IT!
5	Nikki is fabulous!  She removed some eyelash extensions I had that were put on horribly by another salon and replaced them with high quality lashes.  I paid $50 with tip for removal and new long, full lashes.  I would highly recommend this service and the salon in general to everyone.  Next time I am definitely going to try a facial and eyebrow threading!
5	First time going there & was very impressed! Nikki was friendly, did an awesome job, and I will def come back. For $10 it's a great deal! (Got my eyebrows threaded) also my skin isn't red & isn't irritated like with waxing or some other threading places! :)
5	My daughter and I get our eyebrows threaded here on a regular basis... Today, I had a Brazilian done for the first time here and I will be coming on a regular basis for that now too! Don't think twice- go now!
5	Ladies were awesome! Fast service, PERFECT brows coming out. Will be coming back before I move out of town. Thanks so much!
5	I tried this place out for the first time today. It was quiet and nicely decorated. The lady was very nice, and did a good job shaping my out-of-control brows. I had my lip done too, because I was tired of the sweat moustache. That was not a pleasant experience, but when is ripping hair out of our face pleasant? She did apply hand sanitizer before starting and offered me some as well. Overall the place was well kept and clean. I would return.
5	LOVED IT! New to the area and had no idea where to go. I hoped on yelp and checked out the reviews. Everyone seemed to have such good things to say, I decided to give it a try. I'm really picky w/ my eyebrows, so I'm always nervous when I have to try out a new place, but this place was really good! And I'll definitely be making this my regular spot!
5	Loved it! This was my first time getting my eyebrows threaded, and I was a little nervous, since I had a really bad waxing experience a few years ago. Since my waxing nightmare I decided to maintain them myself by tweezing, but that just seems like a never ending job! So I finally took my friends advice to just start getting my eyebrows threaded, and I wish I would have done this sooner! The experience was wonderful! It was quick, nearly painless, and Mrs. Nita Patel was super super nice! I am looking forward to meeting her daughter Nikki, so I can start getting my lashes done too. Looks like they can add me to their "regular" list.Also, a add bonus, they have a stamp card. Every 7th eyebrow session is FREE!
5	All the reviews are dead on, don't hesitate! This place is low price, but excellent quality.
5	The service is great, the place is clean and the location is perfect.
5	Nita did an amazing job! I went to Diva Beuaty inside Meadows Mall last time and this lady messed up my Left brow so bad! I seriously thought It was messed up for a good while. Nita fixed me up. This place is close to Nellis AFB and very affordable!
5	very satisfied , lady was supper sweet and did a great job.
4	Great location with quick turn around on customers. Staff doesn't cut corners, but are extremely efficient. The lady that took care of me was very nice and shaped my brows perfectly. She gave me a card to earn stamps towards a free threading in the future. Will come back and spread the word to all my local friends.
5	First time getting my eyebrows threaded, and it was worth it! Extremely nice and clean business, and very friendly employees. Worth every penny and ill be back!
4	Needed a new eyebrow thread place since I moved here not too long ago. Found this place on Yelp. It's the closest one to my place. The lady was nice and willing to talk to you throughout the visit. I didn't realize the cost of it til I paid for it. $10! That's a lot to me knowing that I get mine for $8 plus tip in Cerritos, CA. Overall, she did an amazing job and did what I asked for.
5	Thank you fellow yelpers!!! All I have to say is holy amazing! I am the type of girl that thinks that plucking my eyebrows are torture so I usually go for waxing. But since I haven't been able to find a place that waxes eyebrows well I decided to try threading. And for a first timer let me tell you, trust these ladies because they really knew what they were doing! Their customer service is great as they put my nerves about threading at ease. I'm not going to lie, it does hurt a little--- but then again so does plucking and waxing. But the way my eyebrows felt after, my skin wasn't puffy, red or irritated. My skin felt softer than it ever has after getting my eyebrows done. Needless to say they have converted me and turned me into a regular :)
5	I haven't had my eyebrows threaded in years. I usually get them waxed, but I thought I would try it. They staff was super friendly. The lady that did my eyebrows did a awesome job. I explained to her what I wanted and they look better than I expected!!! She did a really good job. I would totally go back there again.
5	Best customer service. Used to go to brows r us will never go back again. They always take their time here and are very gentle. Only thing I don't like is that I go there for my eyebrows if I wanted another service I will ask and getting asked about my upper lip every time gets really annoying and makes me feel a little uncomfortable other than that they do a great job
5	Very nice, the people working are nice and spoke better English then others I been to so I could understand what was needed of me. After getting my eyebrows done she massages my eyebrows a little to help the pain dissolve. Like I said very nice haven't had that before.
5	Absolutely great!  Super customer service by everyone in here and Nita is amazing!  Moved from the SW side of town where I had someone good but too far to drive. Tried another place at Craig and Jones where they were rude and cut my face.   Nita was great. She is nice and does a great job!  Finally a place I can keep coming back to.  And to add it is super clean and a nice place!
5	Nearby home. Excellent service by Nita and daughter...they do an awesome job for a reasonable price! Will be coming back as long as I'll be in Vegas!
5	This place is amazing! Fun decor and the staff is friendly. I've had my eyebrows done at plenty of threading boutiques and I'm not too picky. This one is close to home and they do a good job. I can't complain... Other than I can't understand the music. Ps the place is spotless!
5	This place is amazing! Tucked away in the same plaza as starbucks and CVS, it's convenient on the way from work. Clean facility. Love the simple, fun decor. I didn't need to wait at all to get my eyebrows done. I was a little nervous trying a new eyebrow threading place. Prices are super affordable. If you're doing just eyebrows, it is only $9. Make sure to get a stamp card and you'll get your 7th free! Very clever idea!My eyebrows came out perfect. Natural, slim, and lovely. What sets this place apart is the service!! For real. I'm very used to other threading establishments with unfriendly ladies threading my eyebrows, which isn't a huge deal to me, but they normally look displeased or upset. Normally I go to the $5 salons at select Eyebrows R Us through the valley, but their service has been unfriendly, and unspectacular compared to here!  I don't know if it is the company itself or the culture maybe, but this has been type of visit I grew accustomed to.The attitude here is completely different. The ladies were happy, thankful, friendly, and knew more english than previous places I had been to. Communication skills are awesome if you have any issues with your threading service. Definitely makes me want to come back.I usually have to go long distances to get my brows done and to save a bit extra, but Javal is so close, clean, quick, and the ladies are so nice! I will definitely be back! This is my new go-to eyebrow emergency center.
4	During an outing with my boyfriend's mom, we needed to get our eye brows done for our last nights dinner and her last night in the United States.  She wanted to go to a salon that did waxing but when we came in the ladies said that they couldn't find the time for us.  So I yelped eye brow waxing and Javal Brow Bar came up.  Upon walking in, we then noticed that it they didn't do waxing for eye brows but my boyfriend's mother decided to give it a try anyways (personally I prefer threading over waxing).  The girls were nice and the wait was less to none.  So in all, My eye brows look completely better 'cause I've been trying to grow them out so you can only imagine the strays and my boyfriend's mom liked the results.
5	They do an amazing job here! It's so quick, smells great and they're super friendly. They have a stamp card too so make sure you grab one.
5	When i first moved to vegas i could not find a decent place to get my eyebrows waxed. Desperate for some help i went here and decided to try getting them threaded for the first time. They did an amazing job! Now this is the only place i will go. They are very friendly, and do amazing work. I will say its a bit awkward that everyone waiting watches you get your brows done, but whatever. Highly recommend
5	It's so hard to find somebody who can do your eyebrows the RIGHT way. I came across this business on yelp and immediately went. I needed somebody to fix the bad eyebrow job the previous person did. They really listen to you here and do such a great job. I highly recommend them to everyone and will deff be a regular now. Thank you for fixing my mess of an eyebrow. Btw they are very fast but get the job done!
5	I stumbled upon this place by chance when I went to order a cake from Baskin Robbins. It is in the shopping center off Camino Al Norte. I am so HAPPY I found it. Sadly I somehow didn't note the ladies name who helped me I am pretty sure its Nita but that could be wrong. Upon arrival I was greeted with a smile and asked to sign in . I was there during the week so I had no wait time but they were awesome about using sanitizer and making sure I had clean hands as well. The threading process was not nearly as painful as the first time I got my eyebrows done but she also did a AMAZING job shaping them and was super sweet when I kept putting my hands in the wrong spot to help her with getting rid of my hairy brows with saggy skin. I have had MORE compliments on my brows since going to this place and the best part is they ONLY CHARGE $10 and after the 7th visit you get a threading. I can't wait to keep coming back to this place they don't pressure you to get hair removed anywhere else and they do a great job! I definitely recommend this place.
5	Ever since I moved to Vegas I've been looking for some one to do my lashes . Nikki was nothing short of awesome . She did my brows good too & understood that I was trying to grow them back full & didn't mess them up . I was even able to buy my mom a pretty bracelet to add to her mothers day basket . Thanks .
5	They thread just like momma used to do... I love the way my eyebrows too look when I leave their boutique. I'm lucky to have a natural great shape so just making sure they look neat it the goal. The ladies are quick, do it fairly painlessly and are super affordable. Definitely a place to try!
5	First time having threading done. It was awesome. I am hooked. I will never have my brows waxed again! They were fast and painless. I might be tougher than some people since I've been waxing for like 25 years! They were polite, clean and professional. They have a frequent session card too the 7th brow threading is free.
5	They do such a good job and also give a nice eye massage.. Very clean and friendly staff too :)
5	I finally got a chance to stop into this place. I have seen it passing by for a while and came across it on yelp a couple of month ago. I went it on a Saturday morning and it was not busy at all, signed it and went straight to a chair. The shop was clean and comforting. The young woman was very nice and asked me if it was my first time there along with some other questions about my brows. She was very polite and quick. My first threading experience was great! I will definitely be using them regularly.
5	The only place I will come to, to get my eyebrows done! They always do a wonderful job and the service is great! So happy to have them so close to home
5	After reading the reviews, I decided to give the place a try. It was worth it! The staff are clean and friendly! The store is nice and clean! They did an amazing job on my eyebrows!
5	I've been coming here over a year now and they are fabulous. They are very clean and even if theirs a line of people the wait is never long. Always pleasant and polite.
5	I always go here and have been for two years now. I love it. Nikki is the go to girl! She does my brows perfect everytime. I've moved to a different location and its a 45 min drive from where I currently live, but it's sure worth the drive every time !
5	My go to place for perfect clean up. What I love the most is they are 100% friendly. Definitely recommend this place. Threading is pain free compared to waxing so definitely make the switch if you haven't yet! :)
4	I'm pretty picky with eyebrows, but I had to find some place around here since I moved to Vegas for 3 months. Pretty good option, not the same as my usual place I love, but my eyebrows weren't messed up so I was happy!The older lady helped me out. She was really sweet. My eyebrows weren't too bad so she just had to clean them up. She was good about fixing spots I was worried about or asked her to do over. Not as amazing as my place down in Orange County, but still good. I'd recommend it.
5	I'm new to Vegas and so I was in search of a threader to take care of a certain fuzzy situation on my face. You see, I was living in France for a year and I became fond of the more natural look which is quite popular over there. After about a month of being here, I finally realized a little cleaning up was in order. My sister warned me against getting my eyebrows threaded in Vegas because she's had a lot of bad experiences with various threaders (ahem...brows r us) but I was desperate to shed my natural french girl look for a more polished one. I'm glad I found Javal Brow Bar because my brow game is on point right now.
5	I am very picky about my eye brows, but this place made me so happy. I was in and out and loved outcome!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles and I needed to find a great a place to get my eyebrows threaded. ASAP! I found Javal Brow Bar on Yelp, I read all the great reviews so I took a chance...... Best choice I made!!! I received great services from Nita and I absolutely loved how she did my eyebrows. Nita was very sweet and made me feel so welcomed. I would definitely recommend Javal Brow Bar to anyone in town!!!
5	This is the best place to get your eye brows done in North Las Vegas. They are very nice and do great work!!!!
5	Fantastic!! This is the only brow threading place that has managed to give me a natural shape! I've been to countless threading places where I've ended up with thin little eyebrows! I went on a Tuesday morning, and it was not busy at all. The older lady was the one working on my eyebrows (I assume her name is Nita).Thanks to her, I don't even need to fill my brows as much because she makes it look so natural! It was $10 for the threading, which is extremely reasonable. She was also nice and conversed with me :) Saw a smile when I walked in, and a smile as I said thank you! I'll be back in the many weeks to come haha
