5	Otherwise known as the "Dino Park", this park is awesome!!The park has a big playground, a big water feature, a big sand box with dinosaur bones, dino formations, a little kids playground, plenty of picnic tables, and best of all: It's all fenced in!!Just outside of the fence, you'll find a big pond with plenty of wildlife and a waterfall, a big grassy area, and restrooms.
4	Nice park with lots of stuff for the kids. Playground, water feature, big open field, picnic area, and lake with waterfalls, ducks, geese, and turtles.
4	went there on a recommendation from a friend. took my 6 yr old and it was really nice. great big pond with many hungry geese, ducks, mallards, pigeons. Park was fenced in (no runaways) and had a cool sand pit that the boys uncovered dinosaur bones. not too crowded on a Sunday afternoon. Had a blast.
2	Returned in hopes of another afternoon feeding the birds/ducks/geese and fun time at the park. Alas, we showed up with a full bag of white bread and some crackers, typical fowl faire. First thing I noticed versus last time was that ALL the birds/ducks/geese have turned into ultra aggressive, threatening beasts from a B-movie. They were mobbing me nearly to the point of an altercation. I am 6'6" and felt a bit freaked., my 6 year old was managing better than I. I was answered by a friendly, although haggard security guard. He screamed from nearby, STOP, DONT FEED THE BIRDS. Seems they have a few signs that say the same. I asked him about this a few minutes after stopping and he told me it is city rules now. One,"white bread isn't good for ducks. Unbuttered popcorn is best." Two,"people have complained about the poop on the sidewalks." So, thanks to all you ultra-animal lovers and snobby moms for ruining this rather enjoyable time for us all. But, i guess we all foot the bill to pay this poor man who has to holler at parents with kids like a Grinch when he could muster up his dignity to work somewhere protecting or safeguarding something more valuable than your crummy loafers and animals that I have never seen suffer from gobbling up Wonder Bread. Give me a Friggen Break... The park was still fun and we had a good time regardless. Geez, just what this city needs know on a stretched budget, "Duck Police". Great job you all who are scared of nature and the scary things it might leave on your precious sidewalks. And BTW, animal lovers, they brought the ducks to live at the pond! There are MANY other places that might need your attention than this one park...
5	Every kid I know LOVES this park. It is one of my If your good well go ploys and to go here my son would do just about anything.
3	Google maps said it's a 40 minute drive from my house (southwest LV), but I made it there in almost half the time. It was really easy to find and wasn't too crowded on a Sunday morning/early afternoon. The little duck pond and waterfall is cool, but stay away from the geese! If they even think you have food they'll start walking towards you. And, don't antagonize them. I saw some kids chasing them. They may look friendly, but they do bite.The play area is cool. It's got a dinosaur themed sand pit, swings, and some slides. The main playground equipment is a 4 level structure with many slides of varying heights. It's perfect for kids 5 and up. Not so great for toddlers.The splash pad is a lot smaller than I thought it would be and it's on some weird timer that only allows water to come out of one feature at a time. So, each time the water would come on, all the kids would migrate to that one feature. It makes the splash pad seem more crowded than it is and with all the kids wanting to get wet, some of the younger ones were pushed aside by the older kids.As far as Las Vegas parks go, the look of this park is very cool, but the splash pad at Red Ridge park in the southwest is better. And, they don't have the variety of play equipment that Exploration Park does (also in the southwest). Aliante Nature park is definitely worth a visit if you live in the area, but if you live further south, I would suggest trying out some different parks.
5	This beautiful, spacious park is perfect for any age group. My kids and their fiends range from 3-14 and there is something for all of them to do...  There is a big dino water park,  tennis, volleyball,and bocce courts, soccer fields, horseshoe pits, several picnicsites, and an amphitheater. During the Summer they have different types of concerts and festivals... My kids love this park... If you are looking for a perfect picnic or birthday site this is the place...
3	The upside is it is a cute park with lots of turtles for the kids to watch swimming in the pond. The play structures are fun, the sand is clean so your kids can bring their shovels and dump trucks to have a good time. The dinosaur theme is a nice touch. The downside is that there is a huge slide that the real little kids under age 4 should not slide on - but spend all of their time whining and moaning that they want to go on. Feeding the geese and ducks is not allowed but you see people doing it all the time. I am not bothered seeing it as much as annoyed by the rent-a-cops who sometimes are cool and say "hey man you can't feed the ducks" and keep it low key, versus the broad who thought she was elected queen of the park and was screaming like a banchee threatening to call the cops on errant bird lovers. Then the father obviously straight outta Brooklyn starts giving her a piece of his mind. The whole no bird feeding issue and the freak outs over it I have watched keep me away from this park.
5	This is an amazing park- the best for kids hands down, but it's way the hell out there (from us anyway). We came here for a unisex baby shower/BBQ picnic. In the distance, we saw a wedding being set up, with rows of chairs and ribbon decorations- nice! The grounds were lush green and vast. It was a fairly large group and they arranged for a tent rental. It's first come, first served, for the large crowd BBQ area, so the younger brother camped out at 6 am! It was nice weather- sunny and bright, warm, but not hot. There was a lot of good food, there were games, and of course, opening the gifts and seeing the cute little clothes for their little baby girl. It was a lot of fun. There are numerous parking lots. Like I said, it's a ways away for us. But all things considered, worth the trip. The crowning glory of the park is the one specifically for children- there is a giant dinosaur, a water feature, and a playground- talk about fun for the kids! It overlooks a  waterfall going into a lake with lots of cute little ducks to enjoy seeing.
5	This is a great park to take the kids to.  They have a lake with ducks, geese and turtles.  Don't feed them though as the duck police are patrolling pretty often.The playground area is gated so that the kids aren't just running off into the open field or towards the water and birds. There is a larger play structure for the older kids and there is a smaller one for the toddlers.  They also have some swings and a great bid sand pit.  They have some covered tables and BBQ areas that are first come/first serve. They also have a great open grass field where people play ball or just throw around a frisbee.The splash park in the enclosed playground area is a big hit in the summer but can get pretty crowded.  For those with younger kids, it can be a little scary for them as the older kids are usually running all around without looking where they're going.  My son got knocked down a few times from kids just running and not paying attention to where they were going.Overall, it's a pretty park and a great place to hang out with the kids.
4	Great playground, great area, and lots to look at while you walk.
5	I love this park even though it's out of the way. There are lots of things to see like ducks, swans, turtles and fish. They have a cool dinosaur themed playground that my inner child could definitely appreciate! There is also a mini water park for the kids when it gets too hot. I wish there was one for adults because I seriously wanted to slide or run through the water. If I ever come here again I'd love to set up a blanket by the water and have a traditional picnic under a tree.
4	what a wonderful place!  We don't have any children of our own but every time someone comes to visit or moves here that does, this is the lets go here and let the kids play place.  Our latest visit there were so many kids and adults alike in the spray water area being so oblivious to the others in the area I was really disappointed, but the 2 yr old with us had not a care in the world other than running us in circles chasing him.  It was def  a highlight of the day and has never disappointed, been here a couple times in the colder months and the playground equip is so nice that the kids will play for hours.  In addition to the equipment is all the ducks that the kids always think is fun to watch
5	I love taking my dog (Pudge the Pug) to this park. We play tennis, throw horseshoes, play in the dinosaur themed children's playground and chase the ducks and turtles into the pond! Okay, so maybe my dog can't play tennis or throw horseshoes, but if he could we would totally play here. And maybe he's not allowed in the playground, but if he was we would totally slide down the triceratops slide together. This park has lots of open field space too and sometimes hosts events like movies in the park. On the weekend, this place is insane! It gets really busy with packed volleyball courts and people just hanging out in the lawn. Any other day of the week is nice and mellow though. Go early enough and you might have the place to yourself. One note of caution though, there is duck and goose poop everywhere. The maintenance staff does a  great job trying to remove this from the walkways, but the grass near the pond is full of it. Due to this stinky fact, I only bring my dog here on bath days :)
5	Perhaps the best park of its kind in Las Vegas!The park has a medium size duck pond with lots of birds even in the winter, a water park for summer play, a large playground with looong tunnel slides for the older kids, large grass areas, volleyball and horseshoe areas.  But perhaps its best and most famous feature is the giant Dinosaur head and large sand box where your kids can "dig" for dinosaur bones.  My boys LOVE it.The location is good too.  It is next to the local North Las Vegas Library and across the street from a good shopping center.  My wife and I have enjoyed grabbing a Starbucks (hot chocolate for the kids) and then take a stroll around the duck pond.This area of town is the best place to raise a family in Las Vegas, this park being one of the many reasons why.My only complaint is that the park is very busy on the weekends, so I typically try to avoid  those peak hours.  Also the playground is a little warn probably from the high traffic it receives.  I hope it gets a good cleaning and the playground a new paint job relatively soon.
3	The Men's room was the worst thing I have ever seen in my life. They have one of those metal toilets that don't have a seat. It's placed between a urinal and a sink and it has no stall or anything at all that prevents people from looking at you when your taking a sh*t. I came in here to wash my hands and there was some guy taking a dump. The moment we locked eyes, he was like: "Sup?". I immediately just turned around and walked out. There is an insane amount of turtles here. Painted Turtles seem like cool pets, but they get pretty expensive and people just can't take care of them anymore. These parks are usually the place where people dump off their Painted Turtles, and for some reason they seem much happier here than in captivity. There is this dude that sells ice-cream in a truck here. Everyone kept telling him that he looks like Obama. He said that he gets that a lot. I personally thought he looked more like Tom Dubois from the Boondocks. Nice guy though. Personally, I prefer places like Floyd Lamb Park or the park near the Centennial Hills Library. But, this place wasn't all bad.
3	This review is based solely on the field and bathrooms, not the playground.Not many shade trees to be found, which makes watching a game on a hot afternoon in July, scorching!We arrived at the field early on a Saturday morning for a Footy tournament.  The field was in decent shape but one end of the field sloped up quite a bit.  The goals were set up at either end of the field but the team traveling toward the slope was at a disadvantage.  They had to work slightly harder to reach their target.  Vegas seems to be 1,000 miles closer to the sun in July making the sweltering heat was a factor, so maximum hydration was critical.  Good luck finding a shade tree to shield more than a couple of people, let alone an entire team during halftime.The bathrooms were clean and stocked with T.P., a pleasant surprise.It was like watching a sporting event while standing on the sun.
3	Generally the public parks here are really great, but I think that there are so many people who use them, they get worn out quickly.This park looks really great but there is always something broken and the last time we went there, someone had defecated in one of the tube slides.  Several families left while we were there because their kid had gone down the slide and got feces on their clothing and skin.  Definitely unsanitary.The water feature is great in the summer, but again because there are so many people there, it is unsanitary and there is usually something broken, making it unsafe for children.  It would be great if people would be mindful of the equipment and treat it better.  There should be a phone number or website clearly posted somewhere to report broken equipment.  Three stars because it is a nice facility when everything is working and when it is clean.
2	I like this park, everything is awesome except that those geese birds keep ruining the park. First of all the geese poop all over the place and they lay eggs all over the park.
5	Great place to take the family or a large group. There is something for everyone here to do. Highly suggested and it's free!
5	My son always wants to come here. We had his first birthday here. The water play area isn't as good as other parks but the ambiance is to die for with beautiful waterfalls and lakes. The dinosaur bones, eggs, and giant triceratops skull is killer. A great clean park. The only problem is it gets very crowded.
4	Just trying to mix up my cardio and hitting up parks lately.  When it comes to any park, it's tough not to be a fan.  This park is quiet during the day.  But once 5 PM hits, it gets pretty busy.  This park is off Aliante Parkway in between Nature Park & Deer Springs.  You can chose to off Deer Springs or Nature Park.  Both will get busy, but the Nature Park side fills up quickly.  There's plenty to do here;-Huge grass fields, both flat and hills-Picnic Area-Duck ponds (just watch, no feeding and definitely no swimming)-Outdoor tennis courts-Outdoor sand volleyball-PlaygroundI need to comment on the playground. It's fenced in for children's safety and it gets packed.  This is where everyone goes. You got kids running around enjoying while their parents sit in the middle benches either talking with each other or messing with their phones.  Tons for kids to do at this park and if I still had a little one, we'd go here for sure.  Sorry, didn't take pictures this time around. The main reason for hitting up this park was simple.  I needed to hit the ATM, get gas, and wanted to throw a quick 3 mile run in.  Aliante Nature Discovery Park was perfect for my needs since there is a gas station across the street and my bank. I circled the park, which is exactly .75 miles if you stay on the path. After one orbit, I took my running to the streets.  Overall, not a bad park and I'm sure I'll be back if I ever need gas, money, and a quick run again.
2	Took my kids here to hang out on one fine 72 degree sunny Saturday in February. Going over the bridge, coming from Aliante Casino, you cant miss the nice view of the waterfall that is at the forefront of the park.Too bad this and the playground were the only nice things I can vouch for. The playground is a nice fenced in little area that has a decent amount of playground equipment, swings, slides, tables, and benches. I like the soft material they use that the playground equipment is built on. There is also a sand lot area that has dinosaur bones as props. The day we went, the playground was packed. Kids were running into each other as they went down the slides. There were kids actually waiting to get on the swings! After a while we decided to walk around to check out the rest of the park. We see ducks everywhere especially in the pond that has the nice waterfall going into it. Unfortunately, this is where the "nice stuff" ends. Everywhere on the paths we were walking on were green duck crap. Which brings the question, "Is there some kind of spray or force field they have on the playground?" Because there were no ducks or green duck crap anywhere in the playground. Im also curious as to how many people would actually spread out a blanket and have a picnic on the grass for the crap was all over that as well. Just doing this review im starting to get grossed out thinking about that day.After carefully trying not to step on any crap going to the car, I made a mental note to make sure to mention all the green crap I saw in this review and to not hesitate in mentioning it to everybody I know that is either making plans on coming here or are just thinking about it. The only thing positive I can think of about that is to come here if you are on a diet. After seeing all the green crap, you probably wont be having much of an appetite and you definitely will get some exercise trying to avoid stepping on the stuff. So, yeah, im not worried about coming back to this place any time soon in this lifetime. (You think?). Lol. Maybe as a duck.
5	This has got to be one of the best,coolest and relaxing park in North Las Vegas,we only found out about this park cause of friends that move up here,the most beautiful Item in this park is the waterfall with a pond that has ducks,geeses,birds,and turtles,the water has some debris in it,the park is huge and has something for everyone,a playground,picnic,tennis area,there is a lot of grass area with benchs and tables,the only one dirty complaint that I have is the the duck and geese shit only in the pond area,but I found a way around this get some chill wine,park under a shaded tree,let your windows down,turn on the Oasis 105.7 LV old skool can you hear the waterfall.
5	Love that this park is in our area! My kids love to feed the ducks and play in the gated playground area. Summer time is especially fun for them when the sprinklers are on in the playground. Overall an excellent place.
5	This is one of the best I've been to and it is definitely a nice break from the desolate desert that surrounds it. It's fun to feed the ducks (even though you're not supposed to) and just hang out. It's never too crowded and there's plenty of parking.  It definitely feels like you're in another world, and out in nature.
4	The park is popular, safe, and generally well-maintained. Private security and police keep regular patrols. The city also hosts many free events here. However, people feeding the birds tend to attract more birds and increase bird droppings around the area.
2	1. The "lake" is a large pond.2. The accounts of duck & goose poop are under rated.3. People do come by and feed the birds tons of bread which contributes heavily to problem #2.4. There were lots of turtles one of which was dead. It looked like someone had hit it with a hammer.The rest of the green space is well-kept.
4	Aliante Nature Discovery Park is a place where people discover the innocent side of human nature. It is a small park where people momentarily escape from the wear and tear of life. People visit this park to spend time in reflection or with dear friends and family enjoying the company of ducks and geese under the Las Vegas sun.  The duck crossing sign is over and above a "watch out for ducks" warning. It is also a sign that people are entering a stress-free zone. This is a stress-free zone that is an oasis of serenity along the 215 corridor. This park borders Aliante Parkway from Nature Park Drive at the north to the North Las Vegas Public Library off Deer Springs Drive to the south. The park is a traffic signal south of the 215 and three traffic signals south of The Aliante Hotel & Casino. When I sat in reflection on a bench along the shore of the duck pond it is hard to fathom that when I turned around that I saw a highway bordered by a Smith's-anchored shopping center with an Arby's and Starbuck's. A state of relaxation could do this to me.   The first-rate duck pond with the manmade waterfalls and pedestrian bridges framed by lush landscaping is a palace for the ducks and geese. I have been touched by a scene where a Mother Goose leads a duck dynasty along the scenic walkway in the park. It is the quintessential scene from a stress-free zone. Benches and an enclosed state-of-the-art playground overlook the duck pond. The benches are picturesque locations to sit back and sip a Starbuck's coffee or Seven Eleven Big Gulp (across the street) and watch the ducks and geese. Further south into the small park, the grassy hill is a nice place for a picnic. Aliante Nature Discovery Park is likewise a stress-free zone for birdwatching. I have yet to be disappointed spotting a winged entertainer up in the branches that provide shade over the benches. The fact that graffiti is under control influences the effectiveness of a positive experience in the park.  In the Entertainment Capital of the World, ducks and geese are the headliners of the duck ponds throughout the Las Vegas Valley. Ducks and geese are humorous. They truly quack me up. And this the reasoning that I will drive from Henderson across the Las Vegas grid to a spot such as Desert Shores or Aliante Nature Discovery Park in conjunction with a restaurant. And with this reasoning it is no discovery that it is in my nature to spread the word about Aliante Nature Discovery Park by shouting out "four stars. I am a fan :-) "
1	Sadly, I live in Aliante and think that my association dues go to keep up with this park. However, it's always so busy with people that do not belong that my kids can never enjoy it. If people would learn to respect property or others it would be a decent park. Sad, it's walking distance.
3	The playground.....It's a bit run down. Caution tape around the broken equipment have been played with or torn off (maybe just messed up from windy days). Needs a little sprucing up. The spray ground is probably the highlight of the playground area. But my daughter still had a good time running around and making friends.
3	Fun to see the turtles and all the geese and ducks. The water fountain is a gorgeous sight. Playground seems cool with tons of slides and a sand box playground. BUT, it is small for a "discovery" park but something nice.
