5	TRUST, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE.  Eric and his staff at APR are the perfect blend of knowledge, honesty and experience.  I always try to do business with local, family run shops.  APR fits the bill.Eric is a business owner you can trust and will always look out for your best interest.  My wifes car was looked at and fixed promptly and honsetly. The problem was explained in plain english so I could understand.  Eric and the Mechanic took time to help me understand and educated me on the issue.  Support small local business and one of the Good guys.  Go see Eric at APR.  Thanks Eric and APR.
5	These guys were fast, very reasonably priced, and did excellent work. I will recommend them to everyone I know.
5	My son needed to fix the air conditioner in my car as he broke it. He used Yelp to find a reputable service center and found APR. Service was excellent and the price was astoundingly affordable. No gouging here. Air works great. You never know if you are going to be ripped off at an auto repair shop, especially if you know nothing about cars. Very happy with this company. Kudos
5	1st visit and they did a great... The guy who serviced my car did an extra service at no charge. Will return, especially because my barber is up the street.
5	I have brought both my vehicles into these guys in the last couple months.  They were able to get me in and out the same day.  And on both I was honestly a bit surprised at how little they charged me!
5	i took my suzuki forenza to another mechanic with a check engine light on to fix so it would pass emmissions. he said it had a code which was a fuel system leak. he reset the sensor and said drive 75 miles, then inspect. it would not pass. when i called him back he gave me the run around. the car would not pass and i was stressed because my tag was almost expired.so i called apr and spoke with eric and justin and told them what happened and justin was confident he could fix it. i had a good vibe about the conversation. so i took the car in and the next day he called me and said it was fixed and it would be 107 dollars. when i went to pick up the car i thanked eric and told him i was going to drive it up to the az. emissions center and get it tested but he said justin already drove the car there and th car passed. i could not believe it. i have never had such good service like that. i am so please i am going back today and leave them an extra 20 dollars.
5	Read reviews of how they specialized in Diesel so I took my BMW 335d in and had them put a tune on it. They also upgraded my lights to LED and found me a great deal on Rims and tires. My ride looks brand new and was crazy affordable (relatively speaking) compared to what others would have charged.
5	These guys are great.  I just moved here and had a damaged car mirror in the move- they had the replacement on in 10 minutes and waived the labor.  I will be using APR in the future.
