4	Despite my appearance (had on tights, a red t-shirt, and slippers), the staff acknowledged and treated me with respect and professionalism.  I had stopped by Montblanc after a yoga session to pick up my bf's Christmas gift.  I was immediately greeted and the gentleman helped me to chose the perfect wallet. Also, they do gift wrap and I was very happy with how the gift looked.  I will definitely return for more Montblanc items.  They have pens, watches, wallets, etc, and all those items looked very stylish and nice.  This Montblanc is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars.
4	I love the quality, of course, but the staff was as nice as the pens.  John helped me the first time I went in and helped me with a pencil.  When I went back to trade it in (the pencil just wasn't a fit), Paula helped me and she was great.  We talked dogs.  Very nice.
5	This is my Favorite store to visit in Las Vegas. Jose is the man I see for all the insights on the best writing instruments out there.
5	This is for the Forum Shops Location - The staff here is very friendly and knowledgable about the Montblanc products. They are present without being "pushy" and will work with you to find the ideal pen you are looking for. I thought I wanted the LeGrand rollerball, but decided the next day that I wanted the Signature for Good LeGrand ballpoint. I took it back and exchanged it with absolutely no problem at all. My sales professional was Brian Davis. Ask for if you happen to need a luxury writing instrument.
5	Top Notch service. Have formed a great relationship with this store. All the employees are friendly. They don't judge you based on how casually you are dressed. They are knowledgeable on the products and make sure you find something that's a great fit for you. Look forward to shopping here again.
4	Always have been impressed with their fountain pens, but was here treating myself to a wallet, though not the gigantic ones, one more for traveling.David's really helpful--allowed me to touch and feel over 6 different ones and the nice thing about these higher-end retailers, compared to a Gap (which is an unfair comparison but i digress), they sure know their stuff.  One major thing I learned is their leather is much different from Louis Vutton: MB is 100% all leather, except for their famous plastic logo ;)  Much like how beef meat gets rated Triple A, MB has their own high standards for selecting their cows.  Poor cows.Anyways, didn't end up buying one simply wasn't a design that floored me, some were either either too small or too big.
