5	great food and nice employees!
4	This place is great. It is totally tucked away in the Super G mart on Independence Boulevard and would be easy to miss. We only found it after stopping by the steamed bun place next door (Honey Buns?).Bulgogi is one of my all time favorite foods. This restaurant serves it up just the way I like it for less than other local places. There isn't much by way of ambiance but the food tastes great and is definitely affordable.
4	Little Korean restaurant at the back corner of Super G Mart. We ordered the Galbi (#14) at the price of $14.99Although the price is a little expensive for the amount you get, the Galbi is DELICIOUS. I love it and I could go back more for if I were to travel 45 minutes there. I love the kimchi!They also have tables there too.Gave it a 4 star. Missing 1 star because of price and amount but other than that, it's yummy!
5	If you want good Korean food at a very affordable price, try this place out....portions are HUGE!  I've been to other Korean restaurants in the area and no matter where you go, the food is good....Korean Restaurant's advantage is that their food is half the cost.It is tucked away at the back right-hand corner of G-mart on Independence.  Kimchi is good and made fresh.  I've had several dishes here but my favorite is the jap chae (glass noodle w/ beef and rice).
3	The food is great and the price is decent compared to other Korean place.The reason I gave a 3 star is bc the cashier is super rude!!! I asked for a bag for my Togo counter food, and she was like I only have 2 hand u know. I was like I know, and I asked u for a bag when u done taking my money not at this second. And I wanted rice hotpot, she gave me hotpot soup. So I took it back and ask her to correct my order. She insisted it's my fault. And was like we are very busy, so next time make sure what number u wanted to order. How much ruder can she be? I would go back to take out only!
3	The food is good, I like bibimpop and the seafood soup. But they are raising price for food that us almost as expensive as in the restaurant
5	I was introduced to this place a couple months ago and have been blown away ever since. This restaurant is a hidden gem. Probably because you have to go into a supermarket to find it. They have the best bulgogi and jambong. The kimchi is also great. Definitely authentic Korean food here. If you love Korean food you will love this place.
4	Great authentic Korean food for a decent price! I come here often when I shop and I usually stop by in the back of the store for lunch. They also have an Asian bakery in the back that's pretty good too, although they only take cash, but the restaurant takes card and cash. If you're in the area and need to do some grocery shopping and want some food while you're at it, stop by here!
4	My not so secret spot to get authentic Korean food (minus the Thousand Island dressing on the side salad). Can't go wrong with the Bulgogi or the Galbi. I have yet I try the Bibimbap but it looks delicious. They also have plenty of soup options big enough for two. Kimchi and other fermented vegetables are pre-packaged and ready to be taken home.
5	There's no korean to be found in charlotte, how unfortunate. this place is as good as it's going to get. it is in the back of super g mart (where g's shop). get the bibimbap hot pot and dump gochujang all ova dat bitch.
5	Even though I live 45 minutes away, I keep coming back here to get Galbi. Always delicious, alway tender! I give them 5 stars this time because it became one of my favorite place to get Korean food.I've tried their Bibimbap and loved too, but I always go for second with Galbi.Their kimchi is delicious and I'm sure they made it themselves too! They also have extra sides they sell at the counter so I'll make sure to grab kimchi whenever I pay a visit again.Seriously, I just wished I lived closer.The people there are very nice too. Oh, you get free water in a styrofoam cup if you eat in. That's always a plus! They take cash and credit.
5	I grew up in California where Korean BBQ is in abundance. I was actually just driving by and had to stop. I know some people will say why would I go to a restaurant and cook the food myself but I recommend it!! If you get 2 orders of meat you can BBQ yourself. Get the bulgogi and the galbi. And make sure you wrap it in lettuce with rice and kimchee. Good food and good service - the table actually has a button you can press for faster service.
