5	I always say I am going to swear off chair restuarants, but I can't give up the good old OG.  Soup, salad, and breadsticks....oh my!  Best minestrone soup I have ever had.....large portions at a great price.  The only problem is I usually eat so much soup and breadsticks I end up boxing up the entree and making it my next day's lunch.....and dinner!  If loving the Olive Garden is wrong, I don't want to be right!
5	i feel like this might crush any respect for my other reviews, but i can't deny the OG. those breadsticks, dripped in butter and garlic salt, oh, that sald with the dressing from heaven, oh, and that pasta e fagioli soup! oh! i haven't eaten a "real" meal here in years because i can't pass up the soup, salad, and breadstick combo. throw in a chocolate almond amore (Baileys Irish Cream, DiSaronno Amaretto, Kahla and ice cream) and you won't dare to generalize all chain restaurants again.
1	seriously? i mean, really and truly?? if you live in madison and you think the olive garden is good food, either you were born without taste buds or you had them surgically removed as a child. there is no excuse for the olive garden or applebee's or the like in a town like this. eating there should be criminal.
4	I have to ask my self every time I go here  WHY...   I guess because the food is always decent, service is very good and they have a good childrens menu.  They are consistant in every aspect.
3	Last time after I visited OG, I promised myself I will never go back to a chain Italian joint.....the food was ok, i guess, but it always tastes better in a family-run restaurant.The stuffed mushrooms seemed ok, but nothing to rave about. I would give 4 stars to the entrees but the tiramisu was below average.The service was reasonably efficient, but impersonal and hurried...as if the waitress was keen to get us out!All in all, decent lunch-time place but that's it!
3	If you eat here you are so uncool.  Like how could you go to a chain restaurant like olive garden or applebee's??  Clearly you are not hip and all indie-like.  I can't even talk to you right now.  Like OMG.
4	Anyone who pans the OG because it's a chain is a snob. The food is good for the price. Free sticks. Who are you trying to impress? Save the hoity-toity places for special occasions.
2	The food here is simply awful.  It's low quality and very disappointing.  I had a coupon to the place a few years ago and I was looking forward to enjoying some spaghetti, soup, salad, and all that other stuff you see in the commercials.  Nope.  Really bad stuff.  I've eaten at other Olive Garden's around the country over the past decade or so, and my experiences have universally been very bad.  In the realm of chain restaurants, I'd much prefer Chili's, Bennigans, Outback Steakhouse to Olive Garden.  Maybe chain Italian is just bad.  I also really don't like Macaroni Grill.  For some people, it appears inconceivable that anyone could dislike the food here.  If you do - you're labeled a snob.  So defensive... tsk tsk.
1	My dining partners really wanted Olive Garden; as much as I protested, I lost out and begrudgingly went along for lunch.Slowest service ever. An hour plus wait for our salads and soup. No drink refills. Food was cafeteria grade (sorry to insult cafeterias) at best.Old and dated interior; chairs are stained and disgusting. Ick, ick, ick.And, it's expensive and the service is attrocious. We left a miniscule tip, and in hindsight should've asked for our money back. There's not a nice way to put it; Olive Garden sucks. Why do people tolerate such a horrible place?!
2	Arrived at 8:30PM on a Thursday, was pretty busy so we got stuck at a table by the kitchen (and two screaming kids).  Why is there even a table there?  Waitress was nice and attentive.  I was surprised at the quality of service considering my previous Olive Garden experiences.  I have a weakness for their salads, I can't deny the onions, sweet peppers and croutons.  Tie me up and take aware my epicurean card, but I will never deny the salad.  Drinks are syrupy sweet and overpriced, so no recommendation there.  This visit I had the Tour of Italy which is fettuccine alfredo, chicken parmigiana and meat lasagna.  Fettuccine was tv-dinner quality, Chicken was overbreaded, overseasoned and dry, Lasagna was actually good, I'd eat another plate for sure.  Super fatty and delicious desserts.  Best part of Olive Garden is people watching.  Hilarious high school first dates and a healthy mix of beer-bellied family gatherings.  Extra prize if you can spot someone who just exudes "I'm too good for this place".
1	Accuracy: 8/10Taste: 2/10Consistency: 7/10Service: 3/10Ambiance: 3/10Overall: 3/10Dear Olive Garden,Here are a couple FREE tips:-Good salad doesn't start with iceberg lettuce.-A real Italian restaurant doesn't cook pasta until it's soggy.-Breadsticks are NOT supposed to be merely sticks of bread.-Salt and butter are not "secret ingredients"-If it coagulates at room temperature it's terrible for your body-Review stars are awarded based on good service not the number of apathetic high schoolers per square footYour restaurant is a lot like the Mona Lisa. From a distance the smells and even the menu pictures are enticing. Only until you've met the food up close do you realize you've been mislead
4	I have always loved the Olive Garden--as one of the best chain-type restaurants.  They have the best bread sticks and all you can eat salad.  The salad is my favorite!  It's always so fresh & tasty!  Tonight we're in Madison WI and decided to dine at the Olive Garden.  When we arrived we were told the wait would be 10 minutes--not bad for a Friday.  We were seated in less than 7 minutes!  Our waiter was great & the salad and breadsticks are always awesome!   I ordered the shrimp primavera.  It was a large portion, tasty--but the shrimp were a bit fishy tasting.  I ate what I could and boxed up the rest--about 1/2, leaving the rest of the shrimp there.   My son had the capellini pomodoro, my husband--the chicken Parmesan.  Both enjoyed their meals as well.  I'll avoid the shrimp dishes here, from now on!  But--still like Olive Garden restaurants!!
2	The McDonald's of Italian food. Need I say more?
2	I hadn't been to an Olive Garden in a couple years...now I remember why.  The food is mediocre at best...cheap ingredients, not fresh, and meals that require little if any culinary skill.  Definitely not authentic Italian food. Do I even need to mention that the famous salad bowl is nothing more than iceberg lettuce with a few garnishes... I do have to admit, the Italian dressing is pretty good though.
4	I saw the scathing reviews and I had to come to Olive Garden's aid.  It's really frustrating to hear and see so much hate towards a chain which I think actually "gets it right".First off, I'm Sicilian, I'm proud of my heritage, and I've ate at a large number of traditional Italian / Sicilian restaurants, festivals, and homemade affairs.  I've had "the real" deal before, and like any yelper I'm usually one to value a unique establishment over a processed franchise.That said, there is very little wrong with Olive Garden's approach and the Mineral Point Road location does a great job.  I want to steer the direction the other way from what I've been reading because I have gone to this Olive Garden probably over a hundred times in the last 15-20 years, and I have almost never had a bad incident or poor service.Food:  They might include a heck of a lot of butter and might have a fairly strict formula that they follow, but it's still quite tasty in my opinion.  I can make pretty good pasta at home, but that doesn't mean the pasta isn't enjoyable at Olive Garden.  Their alfredo sauce is fantastic, and in my opinion easily rivals some of the traditional ones I've had.  The tour of italy is a scrumptious dish, their soups are great, and most people I know who are salad fans like the plentiful and tasty house salad that is provided.Value:  I think this is really where Olive Garden shines.  Some people think it's expensive, others think it's dingy, but honestly they give you a very large amount of food for your money.  If you order a meal (usually in the $7-15 range), you get free unlimited soup or salad and unlimited breadsticks coupled with a large entree.  Seriously, what other restaurants give you that much for that price?  I've had some certainly, but it's not a common thing and I would never call it "too little" for what I'm paying.  How can you not like the breadsticks?  The Zuppa?  Commman!Selection:  One of the onuses ignored by many restaurants is the ability to expand upon their existing success.  Take for example a restaurant chain like Chipotle.  They have a good burrito line, and a few different options, but since their opening they really haven't added much to the menu.  MAYBE a burrito or meat choice, but that's barely doing much.  Olive Garden on the other hand offered a good selection to begin with, and has a few new choices almost everytime I go.  That's smart business, they didn't dump their old classics (for the most part), they kept the part that got them success in the first place and they gave incentive to come back and try new things.  They frequently have deals (unlimited pasta bowl $7.95), wine tastings, etc, so I really see no way you can lose.Service:  Yes, the point about most Olive Garden workers being high school students is pretty valid.  That said, in all the locations I've been at (Milwaukee, Chicago, Madison), I've only had a few occasions where ineptness or inexperience became an issue.  Usually the kids are polite, and you gotta start somewhere in the work world so I'd rather be treated nice than go to McDonalds where the high schoolers there don't give a **** about your order.  People on here said the wait was long?  Maybe when they've been super busy, but have you ever been to Fridays?  You order a burger there and 2 hours later you get a glass of water.  I tend to like when the waiter / waitress is younger too because they are usually more conversational then.  Sure, some of the kids are nervous and do the whole "yes sir, no sir" routine which is annoying, but I've had a lot of servers at Olive Garden who actually talk to you.  So while I agree some aspects of the service could be better, this isn't a crapshoot by any means.Atmosphere:  How can you hate on Frank Sinatra music, reasonable lighting, and a comfortable table / decoration setup.  It could be more original, but it's still reasonably cosy.For a chain, Olive Garden can have my business any day of the week.  To the person who had soggy pasta and said that salt and pepper were called secret ingredients give me a break.  My pasta's been fantastic everytime and you can always request olive oil / marinara for your breadsticks if the taste alone doesn't do it for you.  I personally have no problem with their breadsticks.
4	You know, it's not like Olive Garden is the debbil or anything. What it does, it does pretty well.  Like other chains, you know what you're getting, and it actually tastes really good.  So, shoot me, I'll eat there for lunch or a casual dinner with the fam. Seriously, I'd go there for the breadsticks alone.
1	I want to start by saying I LOVE LOVE LOVE Olive Garden.  It's truly one of my all-time favorites and usually my go-to Italian place when I want something yummy and not want to worry about quality.That's why I was SOOOOOO disheartened by this particular location.  The waitress was awesome!!  Best part of the night.  BUT, the food was crap.  Seriously, I almost sent my meal back because it was so freaking bad.  I got the fetuccini alfredo.  The pasta was severely over cooked.  They noodles fell apart as I was trying to wind them around the fork to eat them.  And the sauce was poorly seasoned (like no flavor whatsoever) as well as chunky.  Have you ever had chunky alfredo sauce?  I was thinking, what the heck did they use in this, cottage cheese??  Ewwww!  That's all I have to say about that.  My dining partner said his noodles were also mushy (I thought, maybe, it was just the fetuccini, but nope).Save your money and eat somewhere else or go to a different Madison location because THIS one was so totally not worth it.
4	I haven't been to an olive garden in more than 10 years so when a group of friends decided to go for lunch (lunch before the wedding day) I was kind of excited about the salad, soup and breadsticks.I'm not sure what experience the negative reviewers had but ours was awesome. Our servers were extremely attentive and friendly. And the food was pretty good.I LOVE the Zuppa Toscano. OMG .. that was lovely.
3	It is easy to ignore and a common target to make fun of, but I have had many better than good meals, and none truly bad, at the Olive Garden.  My children generally like the food and will eat the salad.  I get to gorge myself on all the soup (really like the fagioli, though not that consistent over multiple visits) and salad I want.  Sure there are alot better Italian restaurants in Madison, but this has been a solid option for us on many occasions.
1	I hadn't been to Olive Garden in years and was very excited to take my kids this past weekend as a treat for their great report cards.What a disappointment!I will start with the positive - we were seated within 5 min, despite the busy time for them. Our server was very kind.Now, the not-so-positive....We were given a menu with a menu within. I wondered why 2, as it seemed the smaller menu had similar items, except for they were priced in half. Then I realized the smaller menu was their lunch menu and since it was 12:30 pm, I set the bigger (dinner) menu aside.It seemed like it took a really long time for our food to arrive, but again, they were pretty busy so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. The problem is that it is hard not to fill up on salad and bread sticks. I found Iceberg lettuce to be a rather cheap choice.My meal was ok but nothing impressive. Such was the opinion of the other 3 people at the table. One of my daughters ordered chicken Alfredo (or so I thought) but got Alfredo noodles with no chicken. I thought perhaps she did not speak clearly enough when she ordered and since she had already filled up on breadsticks and salad, I decided to not say anything.The really sad part began after we got the bill.I usually don't pay attention to the details on my restaurant bills and I don't know what prompted me to do it this time. First thing I noticed was a charge of $2.50 for chicken with the kid's Alfredo noodles. I told our server that the meal actually did not have chicken.After apologizing, he said he will have his manager remove the extra charge as well as remove the 2 sundae charges for us as a courtesy. I thought that was very nice of him. A few minutes later, he came back embarrassed, to say that his manager removed the chicken charge but not the desserts. I did not find this to be a problem since my kids consumed the desserts anyway. After he brought the credit card slip to sign, I took a closer look at the bill and realized both adult meals were at twice the listed price. Then I remembered the 2 menus. On our way out, I asked the hostess what the difference between the two menus was and after she told me the smaller menu was for lunch, I asked what was needed to order lunch items next time. She replied: "We serve lunch until 4pm".Then I looked at the clock (close to 2 pm) and asked why we were charged dinner prices. Her reply was: "let me get my manager". More than 5 min later, when no one came, I asked her if I should continue to wait. She said: "let me check" and ran back inside. After a few more minutes the manager came.I shook his hand and introduced myself. His reply was: "Hi, how can I help you"?I had to ask him for his name. After he introduced himself, I shared with him my confusion about their "lunch and dinner menus/prices" and that since we had come in at noon, we thought we were getting the lunch option but were charged for dinner".He replied that on weekends, they "expect people to eat more"(?!?!?!), therefore, hand out dinner menus (not true!). He also stated that lunch can be ordered at any time of the day, "even at 10 pm" (which contradicted the waitress), but you had to specifically tell yours server you wanted the lunch item. Then, before I even had the chance to respond, he said: "Hold on, I'll be back". He ran in the back and after some time came back and handed me a gift card, saying: "Sorry about the confusion, this should help with your next visit".I thanked him and walked out where my boyfriend and kids who were getting pretty impatient, as they had been waiting for more than 10 min. Once we got in the car and I looked at the gift card, I just about screamed - a $5 gift card.  I found that to be extremely insulting and pathetic and promised NEVER to go back there again!There are plenty of local businesses striving for service that is truly oriented towards serving quality real food and customer satisfaction.
4	I think recently they had definitely improved as a restaurant. I like the new 25 for 2 menu and every time my wife and I would enjoy bringing our little one there. 1 they are fast 2 the food is good (at least exceeding my expectation for a chain restaurant).
3	I remember growing up, Olive Garden was the "fancy" place for a family dinner. It was the place my parents took me and my sister to celebrate a good report card, a local competition win, or a special birthday. This is also where I took my date for our first high school homecoming dinner. Fast forward 15 years, my well traveled older self have come to realize that this is far from the authentic Italian food that has established itself amongst world cuisine with its fresh, rustic ingredients and detailed workmanship in the kitchen. But there are a few things here that still have me coming back after all those years of cultural growth:(In no particular order)-Great drink selections-Endless soup with any entree-Zuppa Toscana-Dolcini (guilt-free cup sized mini deserts)-All day lunch portions served at reduced prices-Prompt service and friendly staff-Consistent qualitySo next time you're in town and not sure where to go, there is something for everyone at the Olive Garden.
5	Friendly staff, fast service. Always seemsto be busy, but they get you seated quickly. Always have a good time.  Definitely will go back.
4	This location usually has great service, and the food is your standard Olive Garden fare. I've eaten here hundreds of times, and whether it is for a birthday, weekend lunch with friends, or quick lunch in the bar area on a weekday, I usually come away satisfied. Today, as I sit here typing, is a different story. I have yet to be greeted at the table - wait just got noticed and placed an order at the 50 minute mark. I was just curious how long I could take up space and not turn a table over. They beat the worst example of that - 1:15 wait for a server at Pedro's East a few years ago with the entire section turned over at least once before I was greeted. Let's see if the rest of the service can partially redeem the visit.Update:The manager ran my credit card and then asked me how my visit was. I gave her an honest reply, and she offered me a $15 gift card, which was a few dollars more than my bill for the meal. So all in all, some of my time was wasted but I was fairly compensated for the disappointing service. The food was good as usual.
3	I had to wait close to 20 mins. Even when they had empty tables! Not just one empty table but many!
5	Just had Sunday family dinner here. Very clean place, brand new carpets on the floor.  Unlimited salad, soup and breadsticks!!!
