1	You probably don't want to live here... and you deserve better for yourself and your family... But hey, I lived there.First off, the rent is perfect and if you catch the right deal, your total monthly cost can be unbeatable. Also, it's in the best part of town... Yes, West Side, where all the neat stuff is.My neighbors, the ones I share hallways and stairs with, were excellent, friendly and respectful.Otherwise, the rest of the people in my area were ghetto, obnoxious and play unnecessarily loud music in the middle of the night.The police are here frequently and property security is not around enough.After several murders and robberies, I took the F off.
1	Terrible place to live! Maintenance crew is no better than the three stooges! Management lies about everything!  Multiple shootings, car robberies, police harrassments! What a nightmare! Can't wait till my lease is up!
5	I moved into Allanza at the Lakes almost a week ago. I have to say my experience has been excellent all around. I was shown two floor models and was impressed with the layout and the amount of space and appliances you get for the price of rent.  I decided I wanted to move into Allanza at the Lakes and my experience with the staff especially Don, has been overall very good. Don was honest with me, gave me accurate information, was all around friendly and made my move in really easy. He assisted me with a great location within Allanza at the Lakes and my apartment was identical to the floor model. The apartment is beautiful and I love my location. It is quiet, respectful, and has beautiful landscape all around.
1	Absolutely worse place I have ever lived. My apartment was broken into twice. The management changed so often that no one ever knew what was going on with the community. People drove through the parking lot at 50 mph with the music blasting all hours of the day and night. Cops are here far too often and during the year I lived here there were multiple robberies,  a few shootings and a murder (and this is supposed to be the nice side of town). Now that I am looking to rent somewhere else (after being out of this place for a while now), they have new management and apparently I've never lived here. Avoid like the plague. The location is unexceptional. The price is good but not worth your safety and peace of mind.
1	The employees at this place disgust me They do not care about their renters nor potential renters.  The property manager, Trish, is the absolute worst. We as prospective renters were having major issues with them.  They told us that we had been approved for an apartment and we were scheduled to move in and then about 3 days prior to our move in date, we were told (after we called them! !) that we were not approved after all. We then go to the office and speak with Don,  who clearly did not care about anyone,  as we witnessed his horrible attitude on the phone with one potential renter and also his lack of caring when a current renter came into the office with some maintenence issues that she had reported but still had not been fixed. We asked to speak with the manager upon arrival, as that is one of the people we had dealt with. Don went into a back room and spoke with Trish and asked her to come speak with us.  I heard Trish say something about the fact that she was already supposed to have been off work and didn't have time. Don then came out and told us that Trish was 'unavailable'. Seriously? ?? Basically she was afraid to face us and preferred to hide in a back room.Then,  another potential renter came into the office and asked for Trish.  Don then told her that she didn't work there. ...LIAR!!At any rate, Trish never came out,  Don was rude and May, the original employee we spoke with was never anyplace to be found.A word to the wise. .. don't bother yourself with these people! !0 stars! !
1	My Husband and I were apartment shopping this week (moving from Northern California for my job) and Allanza at the Lakes was by far, the worst apartment we experienced. Do NOT be fooled by the beautiful neighborhood around the corner and the great location! There are so many complexes for a cheap price which brings a lot of young punks, hussies and hoodlums hanging around.They have so many leasing agents that I couldn't keep track of who was dealing with my paperwork. When I first submitted my application in person, I later tried to email my proof of employment to a general email. Which I learned any/all of these leasing agents have access to. I had to send the letter multiple times and talked to 3 different agents that couldn't find the email because they didn't process my paperwork. So how are they supposed sort through and find my email to put with the rest of my paperwork?? Which obviously was difficult for them. Also, I was originally told that utilities would be included in my rent, but when I called to sort out the email issue, I was told by yet another agent that that was not the case. At that point, I decided to back out. I called to tell them that I would like my deposit back because I was getting mixed information and I was recently informed that there are cops constantly called out there, a lot of break-in/robberies and even murders! And the response from the agent was, "Well, it's not that bad." And of course she had attitude. I said, "I'm sorry, but I don't want to waste your time. I'd like to just come pick up my deposit."10 minutes later, when I went down there, an older lady greeted me and said she would help me. I sat down at her desk and she said, "Hold on, I have to deal with this lady on the phone first." Not to mention they had two other agents sitting around doing nothing. I am not the type to speak up and am usually patient but I felt like they just didn't care. So I asked for someone else to help me, considering I was here on company time trying to find a place. A young girl stood up and said, "Yea, I'm the one that talked to you." And again, with attitude. I am brand new to Yelp and this place motivated me to help others not go through the frustration I went through. I have worked customer service for over 10 years and there is no reason for anyone to make you feel like you're the problem. The customer is NOT always right, but I felt so unwelcome.Please save your time and don't even bother with this place!
1	Listen to the reviews!!! They're actually true. I didn't listen...and I just signed a 7 month lease. Now I'm stuck doing my time in this hell hole. Ugh
5	WOW!!! I cant believe how negative the reviews are!! The office staff has been nothing but helpful. Don was my leasing agent when I moved in and since being here I have come to the leasing office and have been treated with top notch customer service every time. Remember when checking reviews also check the person who is leaving reviews because a lot times you have individuals who are just negative people that no one can please. Constructive criticism is one thing but bashing a company is another. I have lived at Allanza going on 14 months now and have never had any leaks, break ins, theft, loud music keeping me up at night or any of the complaints shown by these reviews. If I didn't like it here its that simple I just wouldn't live here. These negative reviews are clearly people who are just bitter and wanting someone or something to lash out at. I'm glad the management team has done the job with evicting trash out of here and keeping this place a great neighborhood to live in. Sorry not sorry
5	I just moved in here like 2 weeks ago and I honestly can not understand where all the negative reviews are coming from.  Jeff was my leasing guy and he was nothing but helpful.  This place has more pools, and gyms then any place around.  I chose this place over others because the unit they had available was close to the Pool/Gym that is open 24 Hours.  I can't even start to imagine where some of these people are gathering their "information" It's just good to know that the people who don't like it here don't plan on staying or they didn't make it in here because I'd rather not be surrounded by negative people in my community.  2 Thumbs up to this place! Heck, I even had a broken dishwasher when I moved in because it was new and I guess faulty from the company, the replaced it the SAME DAY... I felt important which I am cause i'm kinda a diva, but yeah this place rocks
5	I love this place I have been here for almost 3 months now. At first I read the reviews and had no interest in looking at the place but then I was dragged by my boyfriend the place is great I have a 3 bedroom apartment it's reasonable priced far enough away from the strip but yet close to everything enough to other casinos easy to get to freeway the leasing agent Jeff and the apartment manager Tricia were great helped us telling us what's around and told us things to do and where to go. The amenities are great as well. I guess a new staff with a new look but it's amazing and I'm not planning on leaving anytime soon.
5	I just have to write another review after reading the negative reviews for Allanza at the Lakes. I wrote a review when I first moved in which was almost eight months ago. I continue to love this place. The office staff are respectful and professional. If you treat them with respect and kindness, they treat you the same and then some. The maintenance crew are very helpful and polite. It has always been quiet and respectful in the neighborhood. They keep the pool area and fitness center pristine. For those that are complaining, I am going to figure that you would complain about something even with a five star hotel in a luxury area.
