5	We recently adopted a throw-away kitten someone left in our neighborhood and the time has come for her to be spayed.  I was shocked at the prices asked by the vet places I called.  After more web searching, I found the Spay & Neuter Clinic (925 S Gilbert Road in Mesa).  While the office is not real fancy, it was clean and efficient.  The vets and staff are caring and concerned -- The animals are the center of their attention.  Believe me, I would never leave my pet at a place I didn't feel "good" about.  The Spay & Neuter Clinic gave Kitten all her shots, tested her for FIV/Leukemia, and spayed her.  The cost was about 1/3 of what other veterinarians charge!  I've found there are several locations around the valley.  We all need to do our part -- the best way to prevent unwanted pets is to spay/neuter your own pets!
3	The prices and care delivered at this Spay & Neuter clinic are acceptable. However, I didn't like how the vet tried to sell me on services I clearly didn't need. For example, she tried to convince me to have my dog's nails clipped when I had just clipped them 2 days ago myself. I far prefer the Spay & Neuter clinic in Tempe. Everything that's good about this clinic is good over there, but they're more professional. I gave the clinic in Tempe 5 stars.
4	I have yet to go to this vet but I just scheduled my appt for my 5 mo old female Pitbull.... The reason I am leaving this review now is because everyone seems to complain about the vets trying to sale them things... WELL THINK ABOUT IT - your getting your dog spayed/neutered for dirt cheap compared to other vets.... They are making hardly any money, makes sense to me that they try to get people to buy more... If you had a business selling things for much cheaper than others wouldn't you aim to sale packages and extra products... COME ON... They are doing nothing wrong... Simply say no and get over it... Gees..I WILL MAKE ANOTHER REVIEW AFTER MY PUPPY'S APPOINTMENT SOON.!
1	I've had 3 animals altered at this clinic and will not be going back. The only thing decent about this clinic is their prices. Just because your prices are "low" doesn't mean you get to lack in customer service. I understand they are trying to get in a high volume of animals a day but that doesn't mean you should lack compassion because you are tired and over worked, you've chosen to run your clinic this way. "Dr.Archuletta"  is a very rude woman. Grabbing my cat roughly out of her carrier and tossing her blanket on the floor...is that necessary? You couldn't place it on the table? Trying to talk to her about my cat having a broken tail bone but her tail does work, she didn't even bother to acknowledge I was talking to her or even look at me.  Then proceeds to tell me the training collar I have on my dog is inappropriate, again not ever looking at me but rather just ranting as she's taking it off my dog and tosses is on the floor. Excuse me? No one asked you your opinion about my dogs training collar. That's what my dog trainer is for. Why don't you stick to what you know rather than spewing out nonsense on a subject you are clearly not educated on. I used to refer this clinic, but no longer will. I have my own small business and understand the importance of customers service. I was looking to save a couple bucks but in the end it wasn't worth it. I will only be going to my REAL vet from now on. There I know that she actually likes her job and cares about me and my animals. That, I'm willing to pay for!
4	We recently took our American Bulldog in to be spayed, and overall were pleased with the results.Pro: Very Low Prices, Several Services Offered, One Day Service: For only $180, we were able to get our 68 pound dog spayed, all of her vaccinations up to date, her nails cut, and plenty of pain medication to last for several days. I simply dropped her off in the morning, and picked up early evening (5 pm). It's been a week and so far, so good! Con: Poor Customer Service, Up-Selling, Crowded: Because of the low prices, this place is packed! You can drop off your pet anytime between 6:30 (6?) and 8:00 am.  Make sure you get there as soon as they open!! It truly is "first come, first serve", and you'll wait with your pet until they call you to the back room.  The guy working the desk was short, unsmiling and brisk.  However, there were animals everywhere, it was 6 am, constant barking, and he was the only person there to handle it all - no easy task! When you do meet with the Vet and the assistants, they will try to sell you other services.  Personally, I didn't mind because the prices were so much cheaper than at our vet (vaccinations, nail trimming, etc.)  If you don't need/want anything other than what you made the appointment for, simply decline.It has since been a week, and our little girl is doing great! Her stitches are healing nicely (get your own "cone"/no lick collar - they don't provide one), and she is back to her normal self.  There is nowhere else, for the price, that we could have had all that work done.  They are certainly not warm and friendly, but in the end, they do their job, which is really all I wanted.  Chloe (our dog) gets plenty of loving at home, so it's all good!
2	You definitely get what you pay for. I took everyone's advice and showed up to get my puppies vaccinated at 5:45 a.m.This part was actually the best part of my whole experience seeing as I was first in line. I had to take my 4 young kids with me because my husband works very early in the morning. The clinic opened at 6:15 and we really didn't have to wait very long to be seen. As soon as I was taken back I was promptly told that my children could not touch anything or move around at all. ok, fair enough. I wasn't planning on letting them trash the place. Then the dr commented on the fact that I should have brought four more leashes. I want to mention that my kids were doing absloutly nothing wrong. They were honest to goodness just standing there. My daughter mentioned that they were mainly out door dogs. The dr snapped at me asking why we even had dogs. I assured her they were inside quite a bit as well. Then I mentioned she seemed crabby. She apologized ( kind of) and said she just wasn't used to children. Well, welcome to the public lady. Kids are a part of life. I asked a question about the frequency of the shots and she looked at me like I was an idiot and said she had just told me the answer. obviously not well enough because I was still confused. Over all the price is right and if you get there by 5:45 the wait is not so bad. But the customer service is awful. I will not be going back.
5	This place is a specialty clinic. They know what they are doing and do the same thing everyday. Get there early. All dogs are checked in and front door is closed before all surgeries are conducted. I dropped him off 7 am. Picked him up 3-4 pm. My dog recovered successfully the next day was like it never even happened. Have faith in the process if you need a low cost solution. Out experience was perfect as so was the cost.
5	Great place to vaccinate your pets. Much cheaper than most vets. Buts it first come, first served. The trick is getting the paperwork early and filling it out before you get there.
1	Three of my cats got deathly sick from this horrible unclean place! They have a contagious sickness for cats!  I took my male kitten in for a neuter and within the week he started to get very lethargic and he started drooling excessively with a very bad oder. I ended up taking him to a real vet and after having to spend an additional $300 my vet told me that it was because he was in so much PAIN because this place did not give him enough pain meds (or any!) During this time I also noticed his poor little front paws got all swollen and his pads were bloody and infected from these idiots cutting his nails too short and likely with a dirty instrument. AND as a result of this when he played with my other cat he scratched her and she developed huge infected absesses all over her. She also started with the same lethargic symptoms and had a cold and her nose was running everywhere and she was sneezing and coughing very badly. She had to wear a cone for 3 weeks until the absesses healed.  And then my oldest cat got the same lethargic and sickly symptoms. So all three of these cats (all indoor only) got this same horrible sickness and were all on antibiotics for close to 3 months because of this nightmare. Because I wanted to save $200 I ended up spending close to $1000 on vet bills, tests, and antibiotics for my poor 3 cats. And I had to watch them all suffer for 3 months. These people are horribly rude and just want to take your money and get you in and out as quick as possible. Please don't cheap out on your animal like I did and take them to a clean place that cares about animals.
5	This place is pretty good. It's gets crowded but it's moves. Went there to get a shots for my pitbull. Quick and good customer service. Price for the shots is pretty cheap. I would that my other dogs here. Today was my first visit. The early you go the early you finished. It's a first come, first serve basis. It's not too bad. Very good.
3	It was $20 to neuter my male cat, they require you to pay $15 for pain medication, but they DO NOT give you a cone for the cat, it was an extra $30, which I was upset about seeing as you are told to keep the cat from licking down there for 5 days. I do sleep! I do have a job! I can't watch him 24/7. The line was preeeeetty long, too, to drop him off and to pick him up, but for the price I paid, it wasn't bad.Also, when I finally got him home, the entire back half of him was soaking wet with water. I called back and they said they must not have had time to dry him seeing as I came sooner than expected (they give you a time frame from 4-5 to pick up your cat and I came at 4:30, I'm not exactly sure how that's sooner than expected). There is a little red bubble like thing coming out of my cat's ballsack, which I also asked about. They said it was normal, but I could come back in to sew it up better (my bf did not want to go, he said he was fine, so we didn't end up going). All in all though, I'm happy with the price I paid. If anyone else wants that price, go to catnipandtuck.org !
1	Horrible place! Do not take your pet to Dr Archuleta. I took my boxer here to be neutered and within 2 days his testicles started swelling. My husband took him back in and the vet blamed us. Said he was to active. He was gated in a 4ft by 5ft area. This is a full grown boxer. Noway was he too active! They gave an anti inflammatory but no antibiotic. Oh and if course they charged us for it! They next day they were even worse so we took him to our regular vet to find out he had an internal infection due to how rough and unsanitary Dr Archuleta was. In turn my poor baby had to have drain tubes put in to get rid of the infection. They might be low cost but in the long run it cost us 4 times what it should have and my baby shouldn't have had to go thru this! Supposedly they are suppose to care about animals but all they care about is their bottom line! If they did care they wouldn't be so rough and hurt them!! I did go back and let them know what my own vet had determined and Dr Archuleta wouldn't even come out to talk to me. The girl at the desk was as far as I got and she could of cared less. She was so rude! I will NEVER refer anyone to them. Not after they almost killed my baby!
4	Don't let the discount price fool you,  this place is top notch.   After my visit here to get our new puppy spayed,  I was very happy with the end result.  The people were nice and friendly,  and I'm not just talking about the Vet and staff, I  am talking about about the customers waiting with you in the lobby.   That's because the only problem with this clinic is the 90 minute or more wait to see the vet and get a mini check up on your pet,  and everyone in there is in the same boat.   We all talked about our pets and exchanged stories (and even held and petted each others pets) to pass the time.   Of course,  once it was my turn and i got my time with the vet,  she was very thorough and friendly and really made me feel like my puppy was in good hands.  The operation went smoothly,  she was back to running around and playing like crazy within 24 hours.   I highly recommend this place,  for both the price and quality of service.
1	When making an "appointment" you are not told that really it's not an appointment. They do tell you that it's check in, but they don't tell you that from the time you check in to the time you get to see the vet can take up to an hour or longer.  Also the guy at the front desk is somewhat rude. The price I'm paying isn't that great either. The only good thing is the location is close to me. If I would have to do it again I would go to another location.
