5	Andrew and his shop are simply phenomenal. I have taken numerous German cars to them and every single time the problem has been taken care of quickly and at affordable rates. This is a mechanic I will continue to use and would trust him with any vehicle I own. He is quick to answer the phone and respond to your queries. Have a problem, drop your car off and at the latest, he will take care of it the next day. Having moved from out of state recently, I am glad to have found a trusted mechanic to work on my vehicles. I have never felt comfortable enough with a mechanic to simply drop the car off and say "fix it", but I absolutely trust his diagnosis and repair decision making.
5	I just stumbled onto Andrew's shop as I was getting my car washed.  Knowledgable, friendly, and knows his stuff.   I took my car in for routine maintenance and will be back when it needs any other work.  Reasonable prices, and customer-focused attitude !
5	I needed a bulb replacement on my Z4.  I waited about two months before doing anything about it since I didn't want to spend more than a car payment alone on a simple bulb replacement at the BMW dealer . . . then I remembered the sign I passed almost everyday for German Motor Works right on Scottsdale Road.  Where did that sign go? Then I thought, wasn't the place just behind the Chevron Car Wash?  A quick call confirmed it was still there.  Andrew was so nice and made me feel like my little bulb replacement was as important as an engine overhaul! "Just give me a call before you come over and I'll take care of it," was all he said, and I knew that my little Z4 was going to be in good hands!  He's a really laid back guy who wants to make your BMW repair as easy and financially painless as possible.While I was there, I asked his pricing on the Inspection 2 that I would need soon, and it was so reasonable, I decided to get it done at the same time!  I wouldn't hesitate to refer any BMW owner to Andrew and his German Motor Works. My little Z4 is my baby and he handled her with kid gloves!
