1	**I originally wrote this review on 11/30/11 but it was removed because I included personal information about the instructor (her first and last name).  I am reposting it sans any personal information or other questionable content.**I called Heart Savers to schedule a BLS for healthcare providers course and spoke to a polite female on the phone. She confirmed there was space available on the date I requested to attend the course, and took my information. Fast forward a couple of days...As luck would have it, there was a terrible accident on the 202 on my way to the class. Ten minutes before class was scheduled to start I phoned Heart Savers to inform them that I would be a few minutes late, but there was no answer. I called sever time over the next 10 minutes to no avail. I pulled into a parking spot in front of Heart Savers at 6:09 PM. I entered the location, and there was a woman sitting at one of the desks in the front room. She looked down her nose at me without so much as a greeting. I informed her that I was there for the CPR class. She said that the video had just started and that I could not enter the classroom. I explained that there was a serious accident (as it turns out it was a deadly roll-over) on the highway that had caused the delay. Stared at me as if I was speaking a different language. I then read the telephone number I had been calling aloud to verify that I had been dialing the right number. She confirmed the number was correct, but said she didn't answer the phone because she was teaching the class. The problem with this was that I had called several times between 5:50 and 6:00 PM, before class was scheduled to begin. She maintained that she was teaching and could not answer the phones. I went on to explain that I had a job interview the following day and that I needed to have my new CPR card in order to be considered for the position. She shrugged her shoulders and stared. Frustrated with the situation I headed to the door and muttering under my breath. I asked the woman for her name and exited the building in shambles. Once outside, I called the location again. Despite the fact that she was sitting in the front room where the phone was ringing, she did not answer. She just looked at the phone and then continued to do whatever it was that she was doing. I was furious! I sat in my car fuming trying to figure out what to do.  I decided that I needed to get the heck out of there, and make sure the world knows that Heart Savers treats paying customers like imbeciles? Yes! That was the perfect solution. So here I sit, writing to say that if you value small things, like good customer service, and being treated with respect, you may want to take your business elsewhere. If this instructor is any indication of what the rest of the Heart Savers staff is like you can expect to be treated as if you are a lesser life form.I understand that rules are rules. If the policy is that no one may enter the class once the video starts, so be it. But is it really that that hard to greet a customer when they enter your establishment? And, God forbid, treating that customer with a little respect, compassion and understanding. A simple, "I am sorry but..." would have gone a long, long way in this situation.I assure you that Heart Savers will never receive a cent from me. Ever.
4	CPR re-certification is just something you have to do as a healthcare professional.  We all moan and groan about it because there are a hundred other things you'd rather be doing for 3hrs. However, I've been going to Heart Savers for quite a few years now and they have managed to streamline their system pretty well. When you call to make your appointment you have to be pretty specific on which re-cert you need. I was one of three professionals in my class and only the three of us needed to demonstrate the two-man CPR at then end of class. There were a few taking first aide, who stayed later, so the class was a mix. The instructor Moira had a great attitude, and kept the class moving along pretty well. She followed two handouts that were passed out on infant/child/adult CPR outlining technique as well as laws involved and our responsibilities if we as bystanders opt to perform CPR on a victim. She also covered choking in each age category. The hands-on skills portion went very quickly with three teams rotating to perform skills on the infant, child, and adult mannequins. A second instructor was brought in to help the class run quickly. I don't recall his name but he was equally as good and had a good sense of humor. Each student has their own mannequin but the skills are performed as a group in unison so it's much faster than classes I've been to in the past where each person has to sit around and watch everyone individually.Those of us in the professionals course took a written multiple choice quiz at the end (we were allowed to work on it throughout the class), and after three hours we're all set for the next two years!One note I'll mention is that pricing appears to vary greatly. I don't understand how they price it at all as each person seemed to pay differently. I was quoted at $35 over the phone, so that's what I paid, and I think that's fair.  But I heard cheaper rates being quoted in class, as well as higher ones (you pay once you get to class).
4	A couple months ago, our grandpa scared the family with a choking incident during Sunday morning brunch. Aided by a skilled restaurant patron, we successfully performed a couple abdominal thrusts (you're not supposed to call it the Heimlich maneuver anymore), and grandpa is doing just fine. Ever since then, my wife and I have been motivated to refresh our CPR skills. Also, working in a healthcare profession, it's good for me to be certified anyway.A brief online search brought me to Heart Savers. They offer a great combo package of CPR, AED (automated external defibrillator), and First Aid certifications. Be sure to choose the one credentialed by the American Safety Health Institute. The locations were better than the ones offered by the Red Cross, and $50 for about 6 hours of hands-on instruction is a great deal. I paid online, but you can also pay in-person.Our class began at 8 am on Sunday morning. We got signed in with our instructor Scott and waited for class to begin. During the introduction, several students came in late. One was even 40 minutes late and still accepted. It sounds like Heart Savers has improved their customer service from several years back ;)The instruction was great! Scott gave us a great overview of CPR procedures, explaining how to assess the victim and the steps to take depending on the severity of the situation. We then got to perform our skills on both baby and adult-sized manikins. Scott did a nice job of tying in fun movie references and kept the training lighthearted. I can't say I was ever really bored the whole time and learned a ton. After the CPR/AED course, we had about a 20 minute break before the First Aid session, so we ran to a nearby Circle K for snacks. The First Aid course is a little more monotonous because you go through a coursebook, but we still enjoyed learning how to handle different kinds of emergencies. No matter what profession you're in, I really urge everyone to learn these lifesaving skills. You really never know when you might need to use them. And, you don't want to be unprepared if you do. Heart Savers offers very affordable, convenient, and enjoyable classes on how to be up to speed in case you're called to act!
5	It was really long class but our instructor made it really fun and interesting. Pay online and save time. It was a descent price. The class was full. No need to bring any paper maybe a pen but they have handouts. Ladies wear shorts or pants you will be getting on the floor doing compressions on a dummy.
5	I attended the BLS recertification class today with Scott K.  From the registration process to attending the actual class, I have to say this is the best CPR class I have EVER attended, and this will be my 14th BLS CPR class.  My original class time/date had to be changed, and I was notified immediately by Gennifer F., and was able to easily change the class to a time and date convenient to my schedule online through Gennifer.  Seamless process. There were also two other instructors that assisted Scott; Clay K, and another woman whose name I unfortunately did not get.  All were excellent.  Scott kept the class interesting and injected quite a bit of humor into the class, which I really appreciated.  No one likes to have to take this class, but I after today's experience, I will definitely be returning to Heart Savers to receive my re-certification.
