2	There was a living social deal that I purchased in a moment of weakness, I say this because I usually cook at home, but I decided to be lazy and not cook. The deal was $56 for 6 pre made meals for 2-3 people. This would other wise be $112. Anyway I just pick up my meals today. The menu looked good, but I cant help be a disappointed. maybe because I thought it would be fully cooked meals and all I would be doing is heating it up. But we actually have to cook stuff. For example the blackened chicken tacos, the chicken is like uncooked breasts with some dry marinade and then we have to thaw it out and marinate the chicken with the wet marinate and then cook it. So really all they do is give you everything you need for a meal, with a little bit of help. But on the positive side the marinades are really yummy and so the meat does taste good.
5	I just cooked the shrimp/orzo dinner that I bought and froze several months ago. It was DELICIOUS!!!! My husband asked me to PLEASE order  more meals from Dinner A'fare! I think the flavor is much better having to cook it rather than reheating. Everything is measured out and it is SO easy and fresh!!!!
5	I've become a regular customer of this company.  As a full time worker/full time student, their service is perfect for both my schedule and my wallet.  For about the same as it would cost me to purchase "college-fare" groceries at the store, I can choose their half-meal package and eat much healthier, better tasting meals.  Being single, I can cook one meal and have both dinner and lunch the next day.  This, and the time I save by not needing to grocery shop or plan meals relieves a good deal of stress from my schedule.I would definitely recommend this service for anybody, student or no, who is on a tight schedule and struggling to stay healthy.
5	Unlike my fellow reviewer, I expected my meals to be assembled so I could cook them at home. I love that The Dinner A'Fare assembles my meals saving me time and energy. I love to cook but don't always have time to cook like I like to do. They have a different menu every month so I get variety too. Everything I have tried has been delicious. The customer service has been over the top! I am a BIG fan and highly recommend it.
2	Unfortunately, the Dinner A'fare in Southpark has gone out of business.  There is still a location in Raleigh that ships to your home that I gave a try.  The value has seriously gone downhill when ordering from that location.  In addition to the increase in cost for shipping, there are no side items, the ingredients used don't appear to be as good of quality as the Southpark location had, and when you actually receive the food is questionable making for difficult meal planning(one week I had it delivered on Wed when I expected it and the next not until Friday).  Sadly, this was a great deal while it lasted, but it's just not worth it anymore.
1	I ordered this for shipping to the Cary, NC area with a Stand In Chef. We had used the Apex location before they closed and prepped our own meals there, and were always very pleased with the food quality. In this case, the Stand In Chef did not prepare our food correctly. 1 of our meals had the marinade bagged separately from the fish, which is impossible to tell until to food is thawed at which point it is too late to marinate the fish because it is time to cook. A chicken dish did not have the correct amount of chicken, we used the measurements as instructed on the recipe and ran out of chicken/filling before all of the enchiladas were filled. The pork seasoning was in the bag with the pork, but all concentrated in a corner of the bag and became a paste (flour, seasoning, juices from meat) and none was spread on the pork itself. There were 12 meals in our order, we have only made 3 and each of the 3 meals have had issues. We are hoping the rest of our meals are better. For the price, they should be done right. We won't be ordering from Dinner A'Fare again, which is a shame because we would love to have this work out.
