4	This was my first visit and was pleased with the service.  I walked in for a deluxe pedicure on Saturday afternoon and they sat me right away.  Offered me a free drink!  The pedicure was a little soft on massage but I am also very pregnant and you have to be careful with foot and ankle massage during pregnancy so maybe they were aware of that. There were a ton of regular customers coming in so they seem to have a good customer base. I will definitely go back.
4	$35 for a basic mani / pedi. Fair price, and they do a pretty good job. There are cheaper places that do an equally good job on South Blvd, but the atmosphere is not as pleasant. The technicians at My Bella are receptive to any special concerns you might have. The massage chairs (once you can get them working) are great. I basically only get pedicures so I can sit in this chair for an hour. I could easily fall asleep every time. One complaint: the foot and leg massages are brutal. If you bruise easily, tell them to go easy on you. The slaps and punches to the bottom of the feet and shins and calves are not therapeutic for me. I highly recommend My Bella over the other 2 nail salons in this Mallard Creek/ Mallard Creek Church area.
1	I should have been charged for mani/pedi gel extra & I'm over the sharing of nail polish while getting my toes done the woman doing mine was sharing the same polish while talking to the guy doing this other woman's both of us were annoyed. While they were talking Vietnamese & laughing she & I were saying we'd never come back again. I'm done! I can do it in the safety of my own home. Sally Hansen sells a great starter kit you & a friend could do just as good as a job.
1	save yourself. all I wanted was a polish change and the lady who first painted my nails did so horribly. there were bubbles, smudges etc. someone else had to repolish my nails all over again. top it off, they gave themselves a $5 tip I did not authorize on my credit card.
5	Excellent by owner I would recommend highly & treatment is well deserved! I would recommend on a weak day weekends are slamming!
1	We've a had a bad mani/ pedi but I've never had an AWFUL one.... Until now! So disappointed. Poor work, pool quality. I would not recommend them. The photos show it all. It looks like a child did my nails. My skin is painted the coats are different thickness on each nail. Just bad. I had to ask the technician to take the paint off the skin around my toe nails. When I asked the technician about it she blamed it on my nails being so short. What the what?!?! I've always had short nails and have never had a problem. Would not recommend.   The part that really got me was when I got the receipt, I was still going to tip her but when I went to write in the $ amount she said, "no, cash instead" ahhhh. Are you kidding me?!?! That pushed me over the edge. With all that being said, the co worker I went with had the same services done by someone else and her nails look magnificent. So it's all about who you get. #notworththemoney
