2	First, let me tell you about the amazing rooms. They are absolutely gorgeous, especially for the price. We stayed in a large 2 bedroom 2 bath condo for the weekend. The furniture was beautiful, the beds were large and comfortable, the appliances were all very nice (sub zero fridge!) the kitchen came completely stocked with everything you need (dishes, pots/pans, spices, coffee maker, knife set). The location is great. It is less than a 10 minute walk to the strip. I felt safe in the area (it's gated with a security guard). It's not a noisy street or complex. It's just the perfect distance away from all the craziness of the strip yet only a $4 cab ride away.The staff, however, completely ruined my stay. They were completely incompetent and extremely rude. They over charged my card by $600! YES, 600 DOLLARS! It took almost an entire week for the money to be refunded, so I had to barrow money from my friends for the entire weekend. Upon checkout, we wanted to split the remaining tab on 2 separate cards (not my card, since I still had no money left on it). They said it wouldn't be a problem. Friend 1 should have been charged about $300, friend 2 should have been charged $300. What did they do instead? They charged ME another $600. I realized this after I got home and called right away. They said they would fix it. Instead they charged Friend 2 the entire $600 tab.By this point I was furious. This is completely ridiculous. I do not understand how a hotel staff could really be that dumb. The manager was neither sympathetic nor apologetic. He blamed us for being "difficult" with our credit cards instead of owning up to his mistake. I will never be going back, simply because of the stress and inconvenience this hotel caused our party.
3	i love love love the rooms at this place.  i found a great deal on travelzoo.com and paid about half as much as it's advertised on their actual site.  we got the 2 bed/2bath condo and it was really cozy.  the furniture and decor was perfect, kitchen was fully stocked to use, and the complex was pretty quiet and it felt safe.  it's not far from the strip, although when i initially checked out the location on a map it looked closer than i thought it was. just for the room alone though, i'd love to go back again.  it felt like a home away from home.the only thing that was upsetting me about our stay was the lack of service.  they really lost out on points in this area.  first off, I had to call 3 times for towels.  how was I to know they kept the towels under the sink... and why didn't anyone tell us where to find the towels to begin with?  We waited a few hours for someone to get us towels so it was really disappointing.Second, our room was not serviced.  we stayed friday to monday. saturday we left the privacy sign up when we went out, so understandably they left a note indicating we received no service due to our sign.  so the next day, i called in the afternoon before we headed out and asked if they were still doing housekeeping and was informed they do until 7pm and that they will have someone service our room.  thrilled to come back to a cleaned up room, we were sadly disappointed to find our room unserviced when we returned that night.  i don't know whats up with the condo service but that's something they really need to work on.  it felt like the staff didn't really care about accommodating us.  i'd imagine that for the prices the rooms go for, they'd be running to your door and be there at your every beckon call.  it kinda saddens me.and one last thing, there are no vending machines in case you want to run out for a drink. of course there's a kitchen for you to buy groceries and stock, but upon arrival, you're pretty stuck with nothing.  the front desk informed me that they have stuff in the clubhouse, but it sounded more like refreshments for an open house type of deal.it's a shame to give this place a lower rating than i'd like because the rooms really are worth the stay, but the service really makes a huge difference.  all in all, i'd go back regardless just because it felt so cozy and homey, but if they don't provide better service then i don't know that i'll continue going there.** in addition to the horrible customer service, we left phone chargers in the room after check out and didn't realize it til we were gone.  i know exactly where they were and called the front desk to ask about lost and found... someone took my name and number and said they'd check and call me back that day.  no phone call.  i give them a few days and then call back only to be told that if someone already took my name and number they'd call me if they find it.  one last time i call to follow up and still, i get the run around.  i tell them exactly where i left the chargers and whatever... housekeeping never found anything or followed back up with me.  get on the ball people!!!  you're a really nice place to stay but you're service S-U-C-K-S!!!!!
5	Stayed here for 14 days at my friend's condo.  Absolutely gorgeous.  I understand that this condo is going through some transition as it recovers from the real estate bust that most of clark county has gone through, but my stay and experience were just top notch.  The location of the property and the grounds itself is probably one of the best pieces of real estate in sin city.  Everday we used the pool and just about everday we barbecued, probably eating the healthiest I've eaten in 10 years.  Grilled chicken, grilled veggies.......just fantastic.  The best part was just walking 10 minutes to the strip and from a cozy resort style atmosphere with palm trees, private pool grounds and friendly neighbors to the lights and glitz of the strip......just fantastic.  I've  talked with my good bud about the "lawsuits" etc and he said those are being resolved and settled for things such as lawn care and gate maintenance.  It has nothing to do with my visit and overall great experience with the  Meridian itself.  Understand before you defame.5 stars flat out.  And well, yeah...it was free! :)
