2	Went in today to get my eyebrows threaded, and honestly she did horrible. I think her name is Ramila. I get my eyebrows threaded all the time in Arizona Mills Mall, and they always do such a awesome job. So I googled threading places in Phoenix, and this one seemed perfect! It was very close to my house too, so I said why not and tried it out. She took too much hair on the ends, and both of my eyebrows aren't even. Very nice girl, but not very good at eyebrow threading. I won't be coming back.
5	I have been looking for a great threading place in the Phoenix area for a while now but was unhappy with other salons I went to. I drove past one day and decided to give Hollywood a try. I was so happy with the outcome, the woman who did my eyebrows really listened to me and my eyebrows looked perfect. They also have good prices. I would recommend Hollywood to everyone. They are great!
4	I just passed by one day and thought to come in. The lady did a fantastic job. I get compliments on my brows all the time. But she uses Vaseline for my face....I broke out the first time, the second time wasn't too bad. I think the combination of both open pores and Vaseline. I get my whole face done for a great makeup application. Overall love the way she does them and they have me as a client till Im broke. LOL
5	I found this place on groupon. Great deal for full face threading.  The lady here did such an awesome job on my whole face and was so fast! I am definitely coming back.
5	I absolutely love this place they do an amazing job. I've gotten the same lady every single time and she is a very pleasant woman. One time her credit card machine was not working and I rarely carry cash on me and she was willing to let me go & just pay the next time i come in.. I was blown away that she would trust me to even come back and pay my next time around.. I went & took cash out of the ATM returned to pay her. I love that this place is on the south side & exceeds my expectations!! Def my to go to threading place!!
4	I really like this shop they are cheap, fast and accurate.  Plus you don't need an appointment like my treading shop in Scottsdale.  Glad my mom lives in the neighborhood.
5	I love this place because they take you right away and your out of there within 5-10 minutes.  My brows looked amazing after I left and almost 2 weeks later they're still looking bomb.  This place is on the way home so it's convenient and the price is right. I hope that lady never leaves because she's the best!
5	This place is a little hard to find, at first. But definitely worth the short search. The lady that did my eyebrows was very friendly and knew what she was doing. I'll definitely be back.
5	This is a hidden gem in South Phoenix.  Great job on eyebrow threading, great prices, and very clean.  This is a great place!
3	I'm sad to have to even re-review this place.  The service has become terrible.  They definitely need to hire more people because everyone's time is valuable.I get there and I see two people are ahead of me and I'm already having a bad feeling but because I am a loyal customer, I figured they lady would be fast.  She wasn't.  Then the other lady that was in there was threading this woman's entire face.  She was still in the chair by the time I left.  Anyway, more people are coming after me and this lady is still doing the same person's brows from the time I walked in and its been about 5-8 minutes.  So finally she finishes with that person, the next girl is next, she spends about 8 minutes on her, and then the girl before me was next. The lady that does the eyebrows phone rings and she answers!!!!  I'm sorry but that should wait until you're finished.  So she's on the phone getting like a phone number or something from the person on the phone, so she takes a good 5 minutes to be on the phone.  After she hangs up, she starts the girl's eyebrows then upper lip.  The phone rings AGAIN! I'm getting so irritated but I needed my brows done.  So she finishes the girl and then it's my turn.  She tells me "can you hang on for one minute I have to make a phone call".  Huh?! Oh my time must not be valuable at all (mind you, I have people waiting in the car for me because I tell them she's fast, it won't take more than 5 minutes).  She's on the phone for like 3 minutes, it's sooooo ridiculous (and still the other lady is getting her face done while this is all going on).  I have sympathy for people but when it comes to business, that should be your priority.  My brows turned out great as usual but I was highly disappointed with the service, and I am starting to question if I should ever go back until they get more people.  She had about 6 other people after I left.  I wished them the best because there is nothing worse than sitting there longer than you need to.  All in all, I was in here for almost 30 minutes.  That's crazy.  Something needs to change as they're business is beginning to grow.
5	The ladies here have always done a great job! I've had 3 horrible eyebrow experiences since I've lived in AZ for the last year 1/2 so it feels great to finally find a place that does my eyebrows exactly how I LOVE them and for a great price!!
