4	Thanks, Walgreens! Convenience makes me a happy woman. This Walgreens is open 24 hours a day. I haven't gone in at all hours of the night, but I like knowing that I could if I needed to or wanted to. Most of the employees I have encountered are nice and greet me when I walk in. For a while there, they were routinely out of whatever prescription I needed. Thankfully, the pharmacy has stepped up their game the last few times I was in and the problem seems to be resolved. The pharmacy is really great about ordering a product they may not have on stock and getting it in within the next day. That's service!You know what else makes me happy? Saving money. The last transaction I had produced a coupon print out to save $5 on my next purchase. Cha-ching! Keep it up, Walgreens!
5	This Walgreens is where I get my prescriptions filled, and shop for couponing deals.  I used to go to a big boxed store for my prescriptions (how shall I put this...world's largest retailer started in Arkansas should do the trick) and the service was okay, but it was always so packed and the pharmacy staff so pushed to the limit, I wanted to try somewhere new. The Walgreens is open 24/7 so even if I'm working late, or want to go before work, it's open.  A big plus is the drive through, which has great service. As for the management, they're always super helpful if I can't find something, or happy to adjust a transaction if there's a couponing mistake.
3	This Walgreens is my local and they're open 24 hours. Unlike some other pharmacies that close when it starts to get dark out, these guys are here all night long.Like every other Walgreens, they have a huge selection of personal care items, basic meds and remedies, a few food and snack items, photo developing center and seasonal items (Valentine's, St Patricks, Easter, Summer, Halloween, Christmas, etc.).Prices are hit and miss. You're paying for convenience.
2	Pharmacy was rude.
1	Over charged for items on my receipt..Made me wait while they verified film footage of my purchase without telling me Id be waiting.
4	Hmmm, it's a love and hate relationship sometimes. Depending on whose working in the pharmacy, I either get ignored at - and would transfer my drug to their competitor.But then my own insurance cost more - making me transfer back. Luckily, since I have been back, I have had better service. This place is so convenient, depending who is working, the staff overall are friendly!I like this place because they carry my favorite ice cream brand that I miss back in Texas - Blue Bells! It's just yummy, fresh, creamy, and delicious.So convenient to have a 24/7 pharmacy!Just yesterday, I informed them about not bringing in my balance card at the time of the previous purchase, and the manager was kind enough to fix it for me. He did not hassle me with any questions! That is what makes me want to continue being a loyal Walgreens customer.
1	In my opinion the pharmacy  was understaffed and unable to serve customers in a timely manner.
4	I have NO issues this time around with this store. It is VERY BUSY...pretty much all hours because of their location. That being said this current crew is polite, professional and does their job without judgment of you or what meds you are on. It's a very different Walgreen experience and I'm happy to be back.One suggestion is for the warning stickers NOT to be placed over the bar code on the vials... I refill all my meds using the bar code scan and removing the warning stickers also removes parts of the barcode. I really have no need for these warnings....I'm on the same meds for years and also am a RN. I'd much rather save the bar code. I have noticed they DO keep their same staff a while, a good sign in a pharmacy. The techs all know me now and are professionally courteous & polite. I'm TRULY happy to be back to this Walgreens!
5	It's open 24/7, so that's a plus already. I'm in here a lot because of it's convenience and if my wife asks me to run out and get Blue Bell ice cream. Anyways, the staff here is always nice. And the pharmacy is usually pretty helpful over the phone and in person. Walgreens is getting better. They have a rewards system now that is accessible via an app, which is cool. They often have their share of sales and specials. They have a decent selection of things, i.e., frozen food, snacks, beer/wine, grooming products, etc.. I always feel confident when I'm running in there for one or two things, that they'll have it. I know that Harris Teeter across the street probably has a greater selection of things, but I feel like if I need one or two things I can do so much quicker and easier at Walgreens. It can get pretty busy in the pharmacy, but that's probably the only thing that I can think of that I can even consider to be a negative. To me that's a good sign.
5	Great service, friendly staff. Thanks Jake for filling my prescriptions this morning while I waited. Walgreens South Park uses the best generics. Staffers greet me when I enter the store. * Open 24 hours* Drive thru pharmacyThis store will open an additional register in Cosmetics when there is a rush hour crowd in line to pay. Sometimes checking out is slow.I received $10 reward certificate to use on a purchase next week.
4	This location is open 24 hours including the drive thru, so if you need your prescription NOW and it's late - no worries - this location will be open. They also have a lot of the last minute stuff that you need. I always end up running over here for water or kleenex or some such nonsense. It is much faster than parking at the teeter for one or two items. Get a Walgreens card so you can get points too.
5	The pharmacist was very helpful and friendly. She took time to fill my prescription and talked to my physician to get a substitute prescription because the insurance won't cover the original one. It was ready in less than 10 minutes...amazing.
3	Pretty standard Walgreens.  It's funny that even if I don't live in the SouthPark area, I find myself wandering in here to pick up all sorts of odds and ends.  Sometimes it's random junk food late at night, other times it's a morning trip here to pick up air fresheners, and once in a year, it's a quick stop to pick up a Father's Day card on my way to the post office.  I can also swing by for my skin moisturizers, face lotion, aftershave and all the other manly products.  For the degenerates - feeling broke and alone on Friday night bc your date called it off at the last minute, which works out because you didn't get your paycheck this week anyways?  Nothing like a cheap bottle of wine from Walgreens can't fix, amiright?  They've got everything... sadly, even cigarettes, despite CVS and Rite-Aid's stance of anti-cancer.  There's always a line here but it moves relatively quick.  But if there's more than like 3-4 people in line, they are quick to get someone to help out at the registers.  Love the old ladies that work the register - slow as molasses (duh) but make for good chats.  Degenerate nights or not, I'll prob find myself at this Walgreens in the future.dmo out.
