3	When I was a little kid our neighbors sold Kirby vacuum cleaners. They were very high end, shaming our humble Hoover. Anyway, they had a German shepard named Kirby that I loved. So. Whenever I played "dog" I insisted my family call me Kirby. And they did. Along with crazy, freak child and Thumbelina. One night my mother even allowed me to eat my dinner on the floor! What was she thinking! So when I entered Pet Smart, I had this hankering to drop on all fours and start sniffing peoples' legs. But I'll save that for role playing night with Rickie. The store is vast with everything you could possibly need. I headed right to the diaper aisle. Poor Emilie's bleeding through her little doggina. Found what I needed instantly. Headed to the dog food aisle and got a GREAT deal on Purina dog chow. And lest I forget the queen of our castle's snacks, grabbed another bargain bag of bacon strips....which really aren't all that bad on toasted bread with a little mayo and some sliced romas. When I can shop at Wag N Wash I do. I know this is the Wal Mart of pet stores. I wasn't greeted or offered any help by any one. The cashier was initially friendly and insisted I get a Pet Smart card. I declined. She kept persisting saying how I could save fifty cents today even. Seriously. Two quarters. Wow. She seemed real put off by my decision. I may have, may have uttered "bitch" as I left. Fortunately if she had heard me there was a dog right next to me.
4	Grooming SalonI've tried many groomers thru out the the valley including other Pet Smarts and this one, is in my view, the best my two aussies have gone to.  Price wise they are competitive, if not a little less than other groomers in town.  My dogs turn out perfect every time they go here.  Sylvia normally grooms them but  I've been happy with all of the groomers here.When I picked them up a few days ago, all the groomers and stations were busy, all of the dogs looked so picture perfect, I felt I was on a movie set featuring dogs.  The shampoo they use, have my dogs coming out shiny and glossy -  wish my own hair looked this good.  The groomers all seem to like their jobs and are really into what they do.  Every time my dogs get groomed here they get compliments  from every one that sees them.
1	i went in to exchange my BRAND NEW, STILL IN PACKAGE aquarium filter, and was told that without a receipt, I would not be able to exchange it.this goes for all aquarium products over $10.the manager was surprisingly rude, and didn't even attempt to save my business as i walked out of the door with my money that i will never spend at this pitiful excuse for a pet store.CRAPPY!!!!!!!!
4	Re: Grooming Salon. Specifically, Katie, the cat handler.It is near to impossible to find cat groomers in this town. Some vets offer the service but after today's visit to Petsmart I won't go anywhere else. So the deal is I have a demon cat. Well, she's lovely and adorable with me, but for some reason fears all pet workers. No clue why, nothing bad has ever happened to her. Katie works Tuesday through Friday and starts at 7am, which I can appreciate because no one else should have to witness the dramatics my cat puts on. I arrived after calling ahead to see if Katie could shave Josie's haunches, so as to avoid bits clinging to her backside (gross.)  Katie got an E-collar on Josie and told me she was going to have to scruff her while she worked, which was just fine with me because the cat was screaming like a murder victim and otherwise being embarrassing. In less than ten minutes the job was done (for only $6!) and Josie was back in her carrier like nothing happened. Look, I had a veterinarian tell me that if I brought Josie in for any grooming they would SEDATE her, and she also recommended I get her declawed, which I believe is inhumane. Maybe Katie considers what she does completely normal and reasonable, but she's the first professional who has worked with Josie...professionally. I know my cat is a total freak but I can't shave her ass myself, so thank god Katie is at Petsmart. Seriously.
3	When I need a more specialized pet item or food that I can't get at Safeway/Target/Walmart I come here.  On this trip I needed some enzyme based cleaner to treat an area some stinky stray cat keeps marking on my patio and I decided to transition my 14lb kitty from Iams Indoor Hairball/Weight Management to a more high protein food, Blue Buffalo Wilderness which they carry.  I have found that some of the items here are a tad pricier than the Target/Walmarts but they do have a bigger selection.  But I often find myself coming here if not in the mood to brave either location.
4	What can I say? Reliably stocked. I can run in with the kids (four-legged kids) and not have issues.  Good selection(s) of food, toys, and necessities.
5	When I first got my puppy she was matted and had a string tied around her tail (whoever had her before had tried to crop it at home, I rescued her). Crystal has taken extra special care of my little girl from day one! My dog loves going to her, she gets so excited to see her. My pup always looks adorable when she comes back home! I always get very detailed report cards from Crystal, which means she's paying attention to my pup's needs. I discuss what's going on with my dog before the groom and Crystal makes awesome suggestions regarding whatever needs my dog has (i.e.. more conditioning in the winter, shorter cut in the summer, even which type of glucose she suggests). I send all my friends with animals to her, and now I'm doing the same with you! Hope your pets are happy and shiny!
4	Finally got my Sheltie the other day; trip to PetSmart was unavoidable due to the essentials I needed to get that couldn't wait for online purchase. I was pleasantly surprised! I'd heard things about the prices - but  apparently there was some sort of sale going on and I was able to gather a plethora of puppy goodies for not a lot of dough. Everything seemed to be one sale! My puppy, needless to say, was very happy with me.My one real qualm with this place was that we needed a dog tag, paid for a dog tag, and when we stuck it in the machine for the engraving, it came with a mandatory Petsmart logo. Sure, it may be genius advertising in disguise, but the idea that I'm paying the same thing I would online and Petsmart gets to sneak in a bit of free advertising makes me all snarly, especially when I'm subjecting my new beloved pet to be the billboard. Low blow, Petsmart; low blow.Aside from that, I loved the product selection and the employees were friendly and very helpful. I also kinda dug the pet classes they held here, although I would love to see something more communal and less profit-based in the downtown Phoenix vicinity. Definitely go when they're having their sales; the prices for dog toys had been marked from $7-9 bucks per toy down to $2-4 bucks, and that in my book, is pretty OK.
4	this is a good place to get stuff like toys leashes and collars. they are more affordable than your small mom and pop shops. as far as dog food goes you are better off going to wag n wash they are at least 10 bucks cheaper if not more
5	went today was greeted as i entered also asked if i needed assistance when i looked lost and was able to find all things i needed i had a return from a different location they got that swapped in no time this location is clean and staff were way cool i would definitely suggest others visit if you live near this area
4	I brought my new puppy over to PetSmart to pick up some toys and clothes for him. The staff were very respectful and didn't touch my puppy without asking.When I put the puppy on the floor to see how he looked in something I put on him one of the staff knelt down to look at him...all the sudden this yellow snake comes right at the puppy from under a display thing. I stood there thinking it was fake, it was a couple days before Halloween anyway. The guy jumped back about 5 feet and I grabbed the puppy. No one wanted to touch the snake and I got a giggle out of seeing them all run around trying to find something to scoop it up with.The only reason I don't give this PetSmart 5 stars is, well, because it's PetSmart and they are over priced...unfortunately.
4	This is our local Petsmart and we love it.  The training classes have been great for our growing Aussie, the grooming salon LOVES him and he always comes out looking handsome and dashing.  So clean... until he comes home and runs in the dirt.  Sigh.They also carry the food that he can eat as he has a poultry intolerance.  I'm looking forward to the day that he's an adult and I have more options than one or the other puppy lamb & rice.Keep an eye on their sales, sometimes there are some great markdowns!
3	Pros: Clean, Friendly StaffCons: Where's the holiday dog clothes?!?!?
4	I love this place! Mainly for their grooming team. We have brought our rescue dog, Hazel, in for the past few months and I cannot explain how great this team is. Our groomer, Crystal, is excited to see Hazel every time and treats her like she is her own. Our dog actually gets excited to go into Petsmart where previous places, she would turn and try to run out the door. The best part is that Crystal calls us and lets us know if it's been more than six weeks that she misses Hazel. It's usually about that time when our little Hazel is looking pretty shaggy and a great reminder to schedule that appointment. Smart on their end and helpful on ours! Keep doing what you're doing!
4	I had my dog groomed here over the holiday weekend (tried to get him in other places, but they were al booked). The experience was fairly good. The girls who worked there were friendly and the puppy came out smelling good and minus all his matted hair (just got him from the shelter). I would come back here, though, for the price i would prefer to support a local business (priced were about the same).
5	I am new father to a lil pup Hemingway. I went to store for some tips on crate training and received far more knowledge then I went for. Deborah greeted my pup and I almost immediately. She was friendly and with her nutritionist background we got Hemingway (french bulldog)on a new diet. He had already been having stomach issues with food breeder had advised. Days on the food and he is already eating more, and he is having less stomach issues. She also followed me around carrying everything for us since he was too young to put down. She seriously saved the day and was a pleasure talking to. I would recommend he for sure.
5	I love the salon.  I took my four month puppy there for his first time.  He was shedding and since he was a puppy he gets into stuff all the time so it was time to get rid of the stinky puppy smell.  They make the appointment process easy, they called Banfield Pet hospital to verify his rabies shot so he could go.  The check-in was quick, they told me what they were going to do and the exact time it would take.  It took 2.5 hours and they called to let me know.  When I arrived my puppy Jax was ready for a commericial, he looked great!  Upon leaving they give you a completed report card of how he did and some coupons for the store.  Wonderful experience, only thing I didn't see was a gratuity area on the charge slip.  Guess I'll need to bring some cash next time.  Thanks Petsmart grooming!
3	I'm not sure what kind of review you can write about a pet's store.  This is without a doubt a PetSmart.  it has all of the things inside of it that you might expect from a store that caters to the animal species.  Food - They got thatToys - Yup they got that tooFish - sure do!Cats in cages - they have those too!over priced dog and cat toys - Hey what do you know they have those too!Clothing for your animal that cost more than clothing for humans - Yup!So with this being said my review must come to an end.
1	This salon used to be good but is now UNSAFEAfter talking my dogs there for years, I've realized they do not keep people very long. At least not the good, trusted team. The most recent trip resulted in an ocular chemical burn from shampoo (right eye) and conjunctivitis in the other ----$350 later my dog is recovering. I will not recommend or use this location again.The check-out people are a too informal for me and very matter of fact that they won't make change for tips without another purchase.
