5	This little store, which sells Italian (Irish, and some other) decor and home-y things, ROCKS. Maria, the owner, also does cooking classes in the apartment upstairs. If I still lived in Pittsburgh, I'd LIVE there.
5	I can't believe there aren't more reviews for this place... I didn't get a chance to look around the store - I went for a meal in Maria's kitchen upstairs.  It really is HER KITCHEN, not a restaurant... There is only one table that seats 8-10 people.  But her cooking is amazing.  Lots of home-style italian favorites come out in a fabulous 6 course meal.  I could have eaten just the antipasti alone as a full meal; the standout was a baked pumpkin full of gruyere, herbs and croutons... delicious.  For dinner, we had butternut squash soup with gorganzola and pecans, homemade pasta with a pistachio cream sauce, veal chops and an italian vegetable medely that was perfect with everything else.  Tiramisu for desert.  Everything that came out was delicious and perfectly prepared - plus Maria was standing right there in the kitchen to answer any questions we had about the food or cooking in general.  Wine was BYOB, and I think we went through ~10 bottles.  No corkage fees...This is an amazing dinner for those who have patience.  Maria is booked around 7 months in advance for those looking for a weekend date.  Do like I did - make your reservation, put it on the calendar and be patient... it's worth the wait.
5	I can't say enough about Merante's and Maria. The back of the shop has wonderful baked goods. Pies, breads and of course the best biscotti around! Though, the true treasure exists in the upstairs apartment where Maria has cooking classes and serves a 6 course meal to parties of  8-10 most nights of the week. I heard about the private parties while at a food tour of Bloomfield. I knew I needed to get a reservation but, I had no idea how difficult that task would be. We scheduled a dinner in October for the first available Friday or Saturday which was 6 months later! That's right folks, 6 months in advance! The menu changes seasonally and is posted on the website. We ordered earlier in the week so that Maria had time to purchase the necessary items and prepare our meal. The menu would typically be the same for all 8 in the party but, Maria graciously offered to allow us to split the entrees into a meat and a non meat option to allow those who don't eat meat on Fridays during lent to have another option. When we arrived, we all enjoyed the appetizers in a sitting room at the front of the apartment. The appetizers themselves were a meal- meatballs, bread, shrimp, spinach pie, stuffed tomatoes and cheese with roasted peppers- all of which were incredible. Bring along your wine as Merante's is BYOB. The next course was soup which we were served in the formal dinning room which opened to the small kitchen where Maria cooks your meal. At first it was a little awkward sitting so close to the kitchen and Maria. Imagine having dinner at your grandmother's home with 7  of your closest friends. But, Maria did a great job of giving us our privacy. We hardly even noticed that she was there. After the soup came the pasta (homemade gnocchi anyone?), then the entrees and vegetables, then the salad and last, the dessert. This was a meal fit for a king! The portions were huge! Luckily, Maria boxed up the leftovers making for an easy lunch the next day. If your lucky, you may even get to take home a little extra something such as extra sauce or a homemade truffle. Absolutely everything about this dinner was perfection. Everything (from the food to the service and hospitality) was done with the utmost care and concern to ensure a wonderful experience. I would literally come here every month if it were possible. Unfortunately, Maria is booked through the end of 2014! Not one day available in the next 8 months! My only complaint, Maria is in serious need of a clone.
