1	The staff is rude, hung up on me, you can't get ahold of anyone higher up. there have been multiple break ins. They intimidate their residents even if they are current on all bills. the pool is disgusting, there is vomit on our stairs yet to be cleaned up. Garbage sits on peoples door steps for days on end. All of the staff has a compulsive lying problem, they lie even when they don't need to. They had an elderly man's truck towed after the tires were STOLEN, because it didn't comply with the lease. Keep in mind, the mans wife was in the hospital at the time. They tried to evict a cop who had a lease, because he wasn't paying enough. The Connor Group has over 300 complaints against them with the BBB. If you want to keep your sanity, do not sign a lease with the Connor Group. They lie, steal, and cheat without any reservations. They are also trying to up our rent by over $200 by the time you add in all of the extra fees they make you pay for services they don't actually provide. if you want to pay by credit card, they charge you $10 every time you pay.
4	Friendly staff, very helpful. Great deals at the end of month. Most apartments have recently been renovated. Diverse community. Great workout center.
2	I lived there for 12 months last year, and while they advertised that they had newly renovated, my apartment was never renovated. The maintenance guys were always very nice and fixed repairs in a timely manner, but I thought it was overpriced for the condition of the apartment. And the gym was okay but nothing special.
1	Don't move here this place is horrible! The only thing it has going for it is that it looks pretty... There is something always wrong with the apartment. I would not ever recommend this place to anyone!
1	The worst apartment I've ever lived in! I've only been here 2 months and I'm miserable. If you are thinking of renting here DON'T! The apartment staff has been rude and have harasses us 5 times in 2 months! They have also entered out apartment on two separate occasions without our consent. If you are considering living here I highly encourage you to look elsewhere.
1	I moved here in Aug. found these apts in a hurry. HUGH MISTAKE!!!! They have "lost my security deposit"!!!!! Say they never received it,although I have copies of payment!!!! Lease has me listed in wrong apt. Is on 3rd manager since August!!!! Mallory, girl who was sooo helpful @ move in says she can't remember !!!! The carpet is NASTY, there are roaches, grounds are unkept. They don't fix problems...... The biggest thing is they lost the money !!!!!! Run,don't walk from this place!!!!! Biggest mistake I ever made!!!!! Karen
5	I judged these ladies to quickly! They have been nothing but great!!!! Very quiet,friendly neighborhood! Kristin has actually been very helpful &LOVE Mallory!!!
2	I've lived at Alexander Place for almost two years.The location of the complex, the quiet, well-kept atmosphere and the friendly neighbors are great. It's also convenient to have a full-size washer and dryer provided in the unit. Though I love my apartment, I will most certainly not be renewing my lease.The management staff of the complex continues to show themselves to be disorganized, non-communicative, and disinterested in helping out tenants. Any time that I have called or dropped by the management office with an issue or question, I'm told something different. On multiple occasions, maintenance issues have been dragged out for over a week, with a different excuse being given every day as to why nothing was done. It is clear that this management staff has no pride in their work, that they care nothing for providing service to the tenants to pay highly to live in these "luxury" apartments. The "upgrades" were slapped on so carelessly and cheaply to fixtures that are so sadly outdated, it's unbelievable to pay such high-end prices to receive such low-end service.The attitude of the management staff appears to be an extension of the property management company, the Conor Group, itself. At one point when I faced an issue with an employee serious enough to warrant contacting them, I placed several calls over multiple days only to finally receive a response from someone in the Alexander Place office. No one from the Conor Group could be bothered to return a simple phone call.The cherry on top of all of this is the mandatory $100 cable and Internet fee charged monthly. Yep, mandatory. That means anyone who doesn't even use a TV or computer is required to shell out an extra $100 for basic cable and the slowest Internet speed. Never have I heard of this being done elsewhere. When asked about it, the management office stated it has to do with a contract with Time Warner, that they can't even do anything about it. But why did they sign up for this contract in the first place?A quiet, well-situated apartment doesn't seem to be enough to make up for a staff that can't be bothered to provide reliable service to its tenants. I would not recommend Alexander Place Apartments to anyone, the price is just not worth it.
