4	It's a pretty good Community College.  I only took 2 classes here, while still in high school, but the teacher's were friendly and understanding.  I've had a lot of friends that have gone there too.  The cost is pretty cheap and a good way to get some of the basic college credits out of the way.  It's a pretty spread out campus, which can be the only bad thing.  Also, during peak hours parking can be a challenge.
3	I'm about to get my AA from GCC, been going here since spring of  07'. I've found that you get a lot more individual attention, instructors usually have office hours that will help if you need it. they've been building new buildings and remodeling another. they just finnished remodeling the business building and just finished another muti level building. they are also starting a Public services building for the EMT and AJS classes.The bad-the school has been adding "class fees" to all the classes, so they can say that tuition is $71 a credit hour but then you have a $10 class fee making a that 3 credit hour class $223 not $213.they've also started charging students to print at the High tech centers, $.10 per page, they haven't done that before.
5	I went here about 7 years ago, I was impressed with everything. I always recommend GCC to new college students. There are tons of resources and tons of options for classes.
5	Great school! Can't wait to grad though
4	Classes I took include kung fu, swimming, and some general ed. Would have loved to have taken their basic car repairs course. A great overall school, HUGE for a community college.
1	Glendale Community College is not worth it how they run their office is a joke. They do not know how to communicate and every time I call in or go in with a question they have no ideal what the answer is and promise to call back with the answer but they never do. On top of that after months of preparation to pay for school out of our pocket, moving and adjusting work they dropped my spouse out of her class the day before it stared without any notification! all because they messed up on their paperwork and they said there was nothing they could do about it...really? Did I mention also it took over a month to get registered because the person in the office marked her down as an illegal alien.. GCC has dropped the ball and because of there communication and unprofessional-ism and lack of training the students suffer.  So don't waste your time or money.
3	This school gets a C+ to a B-. The main plus about this school is that it offers lower priced courses when compared to ASU. Therefore, those looking to transfer can save money by getting their pre-requisites out of the way. Conversely, be prepared for harder sciences. The sciences (i.e., biology, chemistry, etc.) tend to be taught by professors (or lecturers) that are more serious than you will find at ASU. So expect a bigger challenge with respect to these courses. Overall, this place needs a makeover. Some of the newer buildings (and those that have been renovated) show the class that is potentially available at GCC. However, most of the buildings are in need of repair. A general overhaul of this place would do wonders. All-in-all: It's a good place to start and save on your education if you are planning to transfer up.
4	My first few classes went by quickly, I had no interest or desire to spend any extra time examining the campus. Now that my classes are getting more serious and I am spending more time at GCC, I must admit it was a very nice surprise. Library has great resources, HT1 and 2 always have available tutors (courses and levels have set schedule), student center is great place to kill some time, there is a lot of outdoor area to sit and chill. Every class and instructor I had so far was just as demanding as it should be (again, depending on the level of study). Since I haen't really attend any other community collee in the valley I can't compare, but I would definitely recommed GCC
4	I am biased to this CC. It is a pretty good school. Nuff said. There are so many courses available and I really enjoy taking my NAU courses here as one of the extended campus.
4	Well equipped fitness center with instructors available if needed. A welcoming atmosphere for adults both young and old. Enrolled over the phone but a screwup happened--signed up for the wrong class due to being given bad info.  At that time I did question the huge increase. Later in the Fitness Center I read their fee schedule and noted the error. Over to the Enrollment Center to get this corrected. After a long 45 minutes, fixed.If the online course catalog had included "fitness" classes I would have chosen the correct class.  GCC, just saying...
4	These guys have to seem their act together. A good system in place for testing and advising students new to the campus. Placement testing is walk-in and you get your results immediately. You can then meet with an academic advisor immediately to plan your class schedule, register, etc. Staff is friendly and helpful, which is a little unusual because at most community colleges, the staff act more like postal employees who dread their very existence. Well done GCC!
