3	This place is okay for the right price.  I stay here on a corp rate between $150 - $190 a night depending on the season/time of year.  It's got a good club lounge with solid options.  The location is a bit strange because it really is in the middle of no where and all around you are chain restaurants heading north.  But the rooms are pretty big and beds are comfy.  I do have to admit that anything over the corp rate would be stretching it.
3	If you want to stay right at the airport and you're a slave to the Marriott Rewards program, this is where you stay. I paid $180 a night which I thought was high for what you get. A penny more would have felt like a travesty. The room was comfortable. The bed was great. The flat-panel TV appreciated. Didn't understand why there was not even a chair on the balcony. Even looking at the freeway, it would have been nice to be able to sit out there. I like the lobby bar. Friendly employees and chatty guests. I usually stay at the Residence Inn in Scottsdale which is cheaper and closer to great entertainment and will probably go back to doing that but if you need to be by the airport, this isn't a bad choice.
3	If you just need a full service hotel to sleep in, this one works. I normally do not have a car while staying here, so I have a choice of eating in their terrible restaurant or taking a 20 minute cab ride out and back. The fitness room is nice, stocked with fresh fruit and water. The pool is big enough to swim laps (maybe 25 m??), but too warm in the summer. The concierge room is well kept. One of the most sterile marriotts I've ever stayed in as well as serving some of the worst coffee.
4	I was here for 18 nights. I stayed in room 509 and it was very roomie. There was a desk, couch, coffee table, etc. I had a nice view of the front of the hotel. No direct sunlight though...bummer. They have a business center that is run by a 3rd party. Color printing is a plus but when the computers are down it can be somewhat frustrating. The front desk will print some items for you (using printme.com) but their laser printer is set to a low print quality so it wasn't worth doing.  There are some really nice people who work there. Jonna ( the bartender) and the bell guys. The front desk people...I don't remember their names but the younger latina and latino guy were extremely helpful and responsive.  The people who I didn't like: The older Indian guy who worked nights seemed to be extremely lazy...It was a weekend and I wanted some water and he said he didn't have access to the backroom where they keep their bottled water but guess what...when I asked a couple of nights later, they front desk person had access to the back room.  I think he was just lazy.There's also a few other people, 2 to be exact, that work late and are just not that nice nor that helpful.  I needed some packing tape to use on my clipboard. I usually ask the bellman (who's desk is like 50ft away) but he was not there.  So rather than snooping around his area I wanted to ask the front desk people. The blonde, heavy set woman, said I should wait for the bellman but this was really late at night and after waiting for a few minutes I told her that I knew where the tape was and she cut me off saying she couldn't allow me to go through those drawers...fair enough...but how bout you taking your fat ass around the counter and getting it for me????????  sorry, if my thoughts (of course I didn't say this) sound rude but come on, you're in customer service....what got me more mad is that the next day I the same situation happened, I needed more tape but the nice latino front desk guy told me I could get it myself. He wasn't on a power trip like the fat blond lady from the night before.  Ok, other than those mean front desk people, everything was fine.  The latina who worked the front desk was realy nice. She recommended some nice restaurants and was very personable. She always greeted me with a smile and was just so nice.
3	Marriott's beds are always the most comfortable out of all the hotels I've stayed. I would not recommend Marriott Phoenix Airport for an extended (more than a week) stay, though. All in all, the hotel is nice, and the staff is probably the friendliest I have dealt with in a long time. There is no free WiFi, and you'd think that a chain like Marriott would provide it for free. There are no refrigerators or microwave ovens in the rooms, either.
2	Staff is great workout facility is clean and relatively big, but it concerns me a bit room service trays are in the hall from last night
4	Good meeting rooms and attentive staff for our 20 person event.  Centrally located off the highway and free parking.  Granted, some of the Phoenix traffic can be rough.  The banquet captain had everything set up for our event by 8:00 pm the night before.  Food and coffee was ready to go when our first participant showed up.  Basically, I could focus on my job at hand and not have to chase down the little things, like is there sugar for the coffee?  I like both the Marriott and the Hyatt Place close to the Phoenix airport.  I would have an event at either again.  Wouldn't second guess the Marriott.
4	I've been to a few business meetings here and have been pretty pleased with it as a meeting spot in general. Food is decent, and the airport shuttle makes it super convenient for those of us on quick day trips. The facilities are in decent shape, and staff is nice.
1	If you like extremely hot hotel rooms, bad customer service, and being charged twice for a stay, then this is the hotel for you. The room literally was 77 degrees when I arrived, and 82 degrees when I awoke. I had the AC set to 60...the room was so hot, I was supposed to stay two days, but checked out early because of how miserable my sleep was. Do you think they only charged me for one night, nope, still got charged for two. When I called to get this rectified, they told me it would take a while for somebody to get back to me in order to fix the situation and put me right into somebody's voice mail...the reality is, I shouldn't have even been charged for one night because I wasn't able to sleep in this nightmare hotel.
5	wonderfully clean hotel. Great view of Camelback Mountain from our room. Stay here and you won't be dissapointed!
4	A high class, very comfortable business hotel but expensive.  Business hotels are a genre of their own.  I stayed here for a one-day meeting in Phoenix.  The service was impeccable - very first class for an airport hotel.  I actually got "annoyed" at how incredibly helpful and friendly the staff was (just kidding).  That said, this hotel is very expensive in my view for Phoenix plus you have to pay for Internet.  Our group commented on how bizarre it is that you stay at La Quinta for $85 a night and get free Internet; stay at a fancy hotel like this one, and you pay $265 and pay another $15 for Internet.  I heard the fitness facility was nice; and a free aiport shuttle which helps on the overpriced nightly rate.  GREAT for business.  GREAT if someone else is paying for your room.
1	My coworkers and I stayed at the Phoenix Airport Marriott hotel in Phoenix, Arizona in March 2012. I was sharing a room with two other female colleagues and were appalled at the service we received during our stay. We were already upset with being relocated from the Renaissance Downtown Hotel a few days prior to attending the conference and the awful customer service provided by the hotel added to our negative overall experience with the Marriott franchise. Early Tuesday morning, two men came pounding at our door at 2 a.m. They identified themselves as a security guard and a worker at the hotel. They stated that this was our second warning and demanded that we open the door. This was quite alarming being that we never received a first warning for anything and were sincerely concerned about our safety. When we called the front desk to inquire if the two men standing outside were part of the staff of the hotel and to explain to guest services that we should have received a phone call from guest services in the first place, a guest relations worker by the name of Caroline asked us if we planned to continue with the noise level and responded with an unwarranted attitude that there was laughter heard from our room and someone in the room next to us called to complain. We were taken aback by her attitude because while we would have been more than happy to bring our noise level down, we did not expect a representative from guest services to be the one to talk back or respond to us in a matter that was rude and unnecessary when all we wanted to do was to explain to her about our concerns because we did not feel safe. We were extremely alarmed by the way the hotel handled the situation because we felt like our privacy was violated and our safety was jeopardized by these two strangers demanding us to open the door at 2 a.m. To make matters worse, when we brought this issue to the attention of the Front Office Manager, Camille Cobos, she simply made no effort to be apologetic or explain to us why this situation occurred. She simply brushed off our concerns and nonchalantly thanked us for bringing the matter to her attention.Our office and many of the administrators and faculty at our work frequently travel to various locations across the United States in our line of work. We often choose the Marriott as a top hotel choice for our stay. However, this awful experience at the Phoenix Airport Marriott hotel has made us question the quality of customer service their staff provides to their clientele.  Several of my colleagues also expressed other concerns regarding their stay at this particular Marriott as well. We wrote a letter to the Marriott corporation as well as to the hotel and we have they can take this important matter into consideration and provide positive experiences for current and future Marriott guests as we would not want them to have the same experience as we did. There has not been a response from any Marriott representatives so far since we sent in the letter early March.
1	I wanted to give everyone an update from the last review I wrote about the Phoenix Airport Marriott experience. So, the General Manager, Jeff Bhatti, replied to the letter that me and my colleagues sent to them about their associate interaction and they basically told us that they received the letter, apologized for any inconvenience.He also wrote in the letter:"It is our objective to provide each and ever guest a comfortable stay with utmost respect and privacy. Your comments play a critical role in our success and progress. I appreciate the time you took to bring it to my attention. Based on you comments, I have shared my concerns with the staff and emphasized review of our training and procedures. We shall implement and improve any steps needed to ensure that our guests have a positive experience at the hotel. We are grateful for having had many opportunities over several of past years to successfully take care of hospitality needs of our guests while in Phoenix area. We look forward to continue with such relationship and will do our very best to prove our commitment to our objective."When we read that letter, we just looked at each other like that was just BS and were not satisfied by the half ass letter we received from the General Manager. First of all, there were spelling errors in the letter, and second of all, for them to say that they provide each and every guest a comfortable stay with the utmost respect and privacy. The two words he used, "RESPECT" and "PRIVACY" were two elements that the Phoenix Airport Marriott hotel did not demonstrate to us during our time at their hotel. The guest relations worker did not show us RESPECT when she was talking back at us and asking if we planned to make any more noise after I expressed my concern about her sending strange men up to our room w/out any warning or notice to bring down the noise level (which there weren't any, we were just talking in our room. There were no music on, no tv on, no blow dryer on, we were just talking our normal tones but I don't know if the walls are just SUPER thin or what but regardless, we should have received a phone call from them in the first place.). For her to say "So you plan to make more noise next time?" I wanted to be like "No B****, I'm not! Stop being so fresh with me because I wasn't even trying to say that!! I was just bringing up my concern that there were two large men standing outside telling us it is our second warning and to OPEN the door when we haven't even received the FIRST warning in the first place!! Now, THAT is wrong and that is a violation of our PRIVACY!! Additionally, my friend told me that when we got into the hotel room, she noticed that those two men .. the SAME men that asked us to open the door, were checking us out at the hotel lobby. They were looking at us up and down which creeped out my friend. Since, we have 3 young ladies staying in the room, WHY THE HELL WOULD WE OPEN THE DOOR to TWO STRANGERS who were checking us out and Open the door for them?! We aren't even sure if they are hotel security. But regardless, the hotel did not make us feel SAFE or COMFORTABLE at all and again, me and my colleagues are extremely disappointed in how the management has handled our concerns.Basically, the letter that was sent to us was BS BS BS! Our company will never stay at their hotel again and I will make sure to spread the word to all our friends and family because when I do inform them about our horrible experience, they are absolutely appalled that the hotel made no efforts in making up the experience for us in any way. The "thank you for bringing this up to our attention" is BS to us and we will make sure that everyone who is looking for a hotel in Phoenix will never come to this establishment again. Thank you for letter but we would rather give our business to another hotel that actually cares about their reputation and their guests!
3	It is May people! To have a swimming pool in Phoenix Arizona look as dilapidated as this is unacceptable. I went out to the pool for 5 minutes and turned right back around. The room is like any other Marriott room, awesome bed and pillows, as usual. Room service food was very good and prompt.
3	ONE STAR FOR THE MARRIOTT SHUFFLE to airport.You might be left stranded at the airport if you depend on the Marriott Shuffle.Fantastic in almost every way for the business traveler with the Monday through Friday Freebie Room and other perks. The BIG Problem in the past has been the Marriott Shuttle to the airport. You might notice a large community across the street and they hop the shuttle for rides to the airport to and back. I've seen them run across the street and HOP ON. It's not a problem getting to the airport but coming back the shuttle doesn't come back to pick you up. I can't say why since I don't know what really happens  either the bus doesn't come or they pick up the people that HOP ON?  All I know is that after this happened once we were told it was a fluke. Then it happened a second time and we were told it would never happen again. THEN IT HAPPENED A THIRD TIME to us and we had to again call a taxi to pick us up even thought the Marriott Shuffle was supposedly on it's way after several calls and waiting approximately an hour.I couldn't give one star because everything else about this Marriott is Good Enough and do stay here for a night when I have a very early flight.I do note it's possible they worked on this problem since but I doubt it.We don't trust or use the Marriott Shuffle Bus.
5	Great service and friendly staff.
3	One thing about flying all over the US for business is experiencing a multitude of different hotels. This Marriott faired lower in quality than a lot of the other Marriott locations I've been to. The lobby and restaurant were legit and the staff are very courteous. What really turned me off was the over-powering stench of clorox and ammonia within the hallways. Sure, that's to be expected, thanks for keeping things clean! But holy cow...my nose literally caught on fire the closer to the end of the hall I got.The pool looked meh. The hot tub wasn't hot and I had a hell of a time trying to find the jet button without any success.
3	Clean, well run, organized staff.  Rooms are pretty typical of Marriott hotels.  As a platinum member, they do provide upgrades to a little larger rooms.  However, I consistently miss the concierge floor and need to take an elevator.  Food is good and the Red Rim Bistro staff is fantastic.  This is a good hotel if you're staying for a day or two on business and don't expect to see much of Phoenix (there's really nothing nearby except the Asian square...there are  few good restaurants there for dim sum).   Overall a good Marriott, but again, average as hotels go.  Exercise room leaves a lot to be desired.
4	I stay here when traveling here for work and I have an early flight out, as our office is in Scottsdale.  Very nice hotel for an airport hotel.  Good service, clean and comfy rooms.  One time I didn't have any hot water, but every other time has been fine.  Very traditional full service Marriott.
1	In need of updating.  Very 1983.
4	Truly one of the best experiences I have had upon check in!!! Both Jay, the shuttle driver and bellman and Walt, the front desk representative were friendly, professional and very courteous! They both made my late night arrival much more pleasant!!! Exceptional service all around!! Thank you!
4	Great place for conference. The staff was helpful in getting us to the conference room.
3	Friendly staff and convenient location to the airport is probably the only qualities keeping my score from being lower. It's an old 80's Marriott that has "refreshed" rooms. I'd rank it less nice than the average discount Marriott brand, so pretty bad. The staff are significantly better than average - polite and knowledgable. Using the airport shuttle is both a plus and minus since they don't give you an ETA over the phone so you stand on an island in the middle of the road for what feels like an eternity in the PHX heat. Room service? It's a 2 for the food quality and a 4.5 on the service. Don't order the Boom Boom shrimp!
5	Went to a job fair here. Very nice place. Friendly employees and people. Well put together conference room and lots of water and snacks for everyone. There was also candy but since I have braces, I stuck with the water.The day I was here it was very rainy so running to and from my car that day was very wet but it didn't take anything away from the experience .
5	The room is clean and the service prompt. My stay has been overall comfortable. In terms of the convenient proximity to the airport and the room quality, this Marriott is a solid 3.5 to 4 out of 5.What really earned an extra star to the 5 mark is the quality of staff here. The staff was very friendly, especially the front desk. I greatly appreciated it after having had a stressful flight to Phoenix from Boston after a few delayed flights and cancellations on the part of the airline (I won't mention their name since they're usually pretty good). The kind lady who checked me in was patient in dealing with me when I had to call my credit card company to clear a charge freeze due to traveling. She even helped me charge my dead phone with the charger at desk, which I suspect was one of the staff's, if not her own. While dealing with my own issues, there was another gentleman who was having troubles with the Marriott check-in app and was getting frustrated, but the staff patiently walked through the process with him. The quality of care and service here definitely made my trip instantly less hectic.Other notes:-Wifi is free in the lobby, but ethernet line-in is paid for by day in the rooms-There is a shuttle that travels back and forth from the Phoenix Airport to this Marriott-The minimum taxi fee from the Phoenix airport is $16 as of 10/22/13, which means you'll be paying a little more than the actual meter fare to get here if you do opt for taxi-The best way to get to Phoenix from this airport is by taxi if you don't have a car (best is to rent a car if you're planning to be moving around a bit)
4	Rooms are clean... but in serious need of updating. On the other hand, the staff is outstanding. Every employee we encountered had a smile and a greeting and we always felt welcome. To have such friendly attentive service was truly a treat. Close to the airport was a bonus!
1	Further from the airport then you would think. The airport shuttle leaves on a 30 minute schedule but don't count on it. Called down to confirm that they were leaving at 6 am but when I got downstairs the shuttle wasn't there.  Front desk offered to call a taxi but the taxi they supposedly called didn't arrive before the 6:30 shuttle left for the airport(at around 6:38).  Don't rely on the airport shuttle to get you to your flight on time and call your own cab if you need one.  $20 to the airport via taxi.  There are closer options.
3	My stay at this hotel was average. The room seemed clean and the bed was comfortable. Meals were overpriced, but I expect that from hotel food (I did not eat there and opted for a better and cheaper meal at a local restaurant). I was disappointed to find that wifi was not free and there was no free water in my room for the coffee maker. I generally have free wifi at Marriott hotels. The front desk staff were helpful and polite and provided me with a late checkout (2pm) free upon request. The costly wifi and lack of bottled water in the room cost is what affected my review the most., otherwise the stay was good. If the Residence or Courtyard have no availability next time I am in Phoenix I would stay here again.
4	Note: this is for a meal experience. A business colleague was in town and stayed at this Marriott. I dropped her off and met her for breakfast the next morning. The property is a quick on/off from the 202 and seems to have a good amount of parking. We had breakfast in the restaurant on ground level. A breakfast buffet is available, or you may order from a menu. I had an omelet and she had French toast. Both were great and service was quick. Can't speak for the rooms and other services, but the food was pretty good.
1	Yes, the reviews are right.1) Hotel needs updated2) Shuttle is slow, took me an hour to get to the hotel because of a "shift change".  One guy was waiting at the hotel so long he missed his flight3) Fitness room is lacking at best
3	Nice grounds. Convention lunch was great, so were the service caterers. Shuttle is impeccable in my experience. It was running in less than 30 minute intervals. All hotel staff were freindly and professional.The a/c is central and satisfactory at best. The bathroom has only one light switch, it's lit like a stadium in there. The bed was substandard, sheets were rough, pillows either too thick (throws), or too thin. The toilet paper and tissues were something you'd find in a public bathroom at a San Diego beach.Further, wifi is not free and very slow. They offer faster connections for more $. They also charge for internet in the business center. It's nickel and dime for a $179 room where a Holiday Inn Express at $80 cheaper would offer as complimentary.Lastly, the bar and restaurant could use a Feng Shui placement expert to make the spaces more comfortable. The bar is in the lobby, too open, too lit. The restaurant is reminiscent of a low level Las Vegas buffett.I wouldn't stay here again.
1	Marriott prices with Motel services-As an airport Marriott I have a minimum expectation that the shuttle will handle a pick up within the 20 minutes stated at the front desk. Not so much here. Confirmed the shuttle should arrive in 20 minutes( it is a 6 minute drive to the airport from the hotel), and I waited and waited and waited. Only to be told to take a taxi. Could have saved me time but just telling me that in the first place. Next up, clean room is a pretty standard expectation when most are paying $200+ a night. Nope not here. Old elevator with disgusting stuff on the floor and stains on my chair in my room. Awesome. Finally, a hot shower is a pretty basic amenity. Not here this morning. Whole city block is out of water. Okay that's fine, stuff happens but when I call to inquire, at least offer a bottle of water or something to wash my hands or brush my teeth. I'm a Gold member so I had access to the concierge level. I attempted to work up there at 8 but the staff was obviously shutting down and didnt have any more hot water for my tea. Save your time and money and try another hotel.
3	Its a Marriott. I am a fan of the brand and liked this location because its by the airport. Great people and good service. Rooms were clean and so was the hotel. Easy in and out. Give them a try. I think you will like it. I had an early flight so it was good for me.
5	Where do I start? I guess I'll start from the beginning. My husband and I stayed here the night before we departed for our honeymoon. The front desk staff was so nice and helpful. Once we finished the check in process which was super easy and NOT PAINFUL, we went up to our room and started to get comfortable. After about 15 minutes, we heard a knock on the door. It was the concierge with a bottle of champagne and gourmet chocolate cake and ice-cream. We were confused (yet excited) as to why they brought this to our room. We did not order it. They just wanted to congratulate us on our honeymoon! How thoughtful is that?! The food and champagne was so delicious and they really made us feel so valued and welcomed. I have never experienced that before (without having to pre-order).Also, I'd like the driver, Carlos to get recognition. He was always on top of it. He got us to and from the airport on time and in style. When he picked us up from the airport, he even brought us refreshments. He was also very friendly, yet professional. If you're lucky enough to stay here, I hope you also get to experience Carlos. He's awesome!Thank you to the staff here for making our stay here so memorable!!
4	Great customer service! Ask for Carlos when you need to get around Phoenix he can answer all your questions & give wonderful recommendations!
3	I suppose this Marriott is in quite a convenient location, especially since they have a free shuttle for the airport that runs pretty frequently ... but other than that I am not sure why you would stay here.There is literally nothing around this area, and even if you walk, you can't really find a lot of good places that are nearby. This is really a place if you want a cheap area to stay in and have a car ... other than that you will be very bored. The check in and check out is pretty fast at least and the staff seem friendly.
4	This trip was the second time I have stayed here. It's the same decor as 100's of other Marriott hotels, yet it simply feels like the cleanest one in the chain!Bright rooms.  Clean rooms. The concierge room was being remodeled so they provided complimentary breakfast in their restaurant. Great service and courtyard.
2	I am a loyal Marriott lifetime platinum which when I add up all of my Marriott stays, I have spent more than 4 years of my life in Marriott hotels. I hate to write a bad review of a Marriott property. I have stayed at this hotel several times and had remembered it being better than it is. Let's start with the fact the the property is dated and in need of a refresh. But I stay at a lot of older properties and the customer service usually makes up for the oldness of the property. The TV's in the rooms are the old flat screens that were put into Marriott's way back when they first started switching to flat screens. They are definitely undersized for the rooms. Probably one of the most frustrating things is their concierge lounge. I went to the lounge to have snacks and watch Sunday night football...and they can't get the game in the lounge! Their TV in the lounge does not get NBC! Oh...and the attendant told me that the manager knows it because people were upset last Sunday night as well...but has done nothing to fix it. Hows that for caring for your customers? Not very Marriott if you ask me.
3	From a frequent flyer point of view:1. Nice large sized rooms. 2. Have to pay for Internet? =/3. Pay for breakfast? =/4. No refrigerator. 5. A bit expensive per night but I guess that goes with the property type. 6. Free shuttle to airport every 30m. =)
2	This review is for their conference room and attending an event here, I've never stayed at this Marriott.I've been to two presentation events here, and the food has been awful both times. It was a breeze for parking and the location is ideal, but when the food is flavorless, over-cooked, and tastes worse than airplane food, I would not recommend any company host their events here
