5	Customer service at this location is WONDERFUL! Ellen helped me so much yesterday, I loved all the clothing combinations she put together for me, and yet she was not pushy! The store itself is probably one of the best here in the valley, they have almost everything in the WhBm collection. They also have a great rewards program...sign up and get $20 of your $100 purchase, or $50 off $200, or if you spend $300 you get the 50 off plus 5% off your purchase, plus 5% off all future purchases (they keep track of your spending) The clothing is expensive, but worth it! I've had WhBm pieces for years! The quality is excellent and lasts, and all of their cloths are classic fashions that don't go out of style. You gotta love that!
2	I'm a huge fan of White House Black Market. Matter of fact I have been shopping at this store since they first moved into the valley and only had one store in the arrowhead area. It has been a delight watching this store throughout the years as they have grown and their designs continue to stay classy. I've only had maybe a handful of experiences at the Scottsdale Fashion Square location. Even though I shop at this mall weekly my preference has been the Biltmore location due to the level of customer service. Sadly I have to rate this store with only two stars. I have to say usually I am always greeted when I first walk in. However, this time I was not. All the staff was at the register or in the dressing room area. It was a busy Saturday afternoon around 1:30pm so there was heavy traffic. The store was very well stock and in order. Plenty of beautiful options to choose from with clothes, jewelry and accessories. This time I was on a mission and new specifically what I wanted. The item I purchase every year that sells out fast with limited stock since it goes fast. I walked directly to my items and head to the dressing room still not hearing a peep from anyone. Luckily I noticed the buy one get one 50% off sign or I would be clueless on what the sale was. At the dressing room I asked for a room. The lady kindly took my clothing and placed them into the room. She was very busy and did not say a word so I have no idea what here name was. As I tried on my merchandise I asked her to find me additional pieces. I loved the item I came in to purchase and wanted to buy all that was in stock. She said she would look. As I waited and waited and waited with her never returning. I decided to slip out of my room to see if maybe someone placed the dressing room returns back on the shelf. With no luck I went back to the room. The sales lady never returned and was now at the register. I walked up to register one where Andrea rang me up and mentioned the sale. I explained to her that I wanted more and my service at the dressing room. She basically ignored me and asked for my 5% discount card. She was also mutli-tasking as she was helping me since other sales associates were asking her questions. I went ahead made my purchase and she thanked me for coming in. As I left the store I realized I left a bag in the dressing as I walked to the dressing room I noticed someone was in the room. I mentioned to the person attending the dressing room that I left something in there. She looked me up and down to say rudely "The room is empty." No smile and walked away. I realized that someone else found it and placed it at the register. Overall the store and merchandise are not but the employees are very snooty or welcoming. Not the typical culture of any of their stores that I have shopped locally or out of state. For some reason the employees at this location seem to be very snobbish and brush guest the wrong way. Very disappointing. I am still a fan of White House Black Mart but will not be shopping at this location again.
5	I love this store and the customer service. All their clothes and jewelry are so classy and pretty. Great for any occasion! This trip I knew the kind of dress I needed, last minute dress to wear to a funeral. As I walked in Kathy greeted me and helped me get straight to work finding a nice black dress. She pulled so many options, guessing my size perfectly. As I was by myself, one of my dresses I was having difficulty zipping up and Kathy nicely stepped in to help out. The dress turned out perfect and Kathy even helped me try on a few belts to complete the outfit. Never trying to upsell me or pressure me in to something I didn't want. As it turns out the dress and belt were perfect for the occasion and Kathy even helped me check out. They had a 25% sale going on through the entire store and Kathy even took the extra time to find me in their Black Book to get an additional discount. She offered to bag my dress on the wooden hanger even. She was so sweet, caring and attentive. Thanks y'all. I'll be back more often now. Keep up the great work!!
3	After providing feedback to the store the local general manager called me to ask about my experience. Patti the local GM was very friendly and understood my concerns. She was extremely friendly and offered for me to come back to the store to shop with her. The feedback I provided her with she is going to take back to the store to give to the team about my experience. I feel this issue did not go unnoticed and that she will resolve my issue so other customers do not share the same experience.
5	Wow, Annalise was fabulous at helping me find the perfect top to go with a black skirt for a wedding. I told her what I needed, and she immediately started pulling options. Then when I texted my husband to come (he was somewhere else in the mall, probably admiring the Teslas), Annalise greeted him at the door and brought him to the appropriate dressing room. Great experience! Awesome customer service!
