5	JJ is a rare find.  I only met him once but I could tell right from the start that he was trustworthy and was going to do a good job fixing my lawnmower.  And he didn't disappoint.  In fact, he exceeded my expectations.  He orginally told me it might take a couple days to finish but it ended up taking him only one afternoon.  I got my lawnmower back and was cutting grass that same day.  Along with the speedy service, he explained to me what might be wrong and what he was going to do to fix it.  And he did just that.  No BS.  No tricks. No upselling. All this at a reasonable price.  You can't ask for much more in a lawnmower repair.  I would definitely recommend him.  I just wish all businesses were as honest and forthcoming as JJ.
5	JJ was able to repair a lawnmower for me that a couple of other people said was unrepairable.  He completely fixed the frame, gave me a great tune up, and sharpened the blades for probably the most perfect cut I've ever had on my lawn.  I won't go to anyone else to touch my mower from here on out as JJ is as good as it gets.
5	I can't recommend JJ Lawnmower Repair highly enough. My lawnmower was in bad shape. He completely fixed it for a LOW price, cleaned it, replaced missing or broken parts (the pull handle had broken the first time I used it, and he replaced it) and I swear he topped off the gas as well. It's basically like having a new lawnmower.
5	I needed my lawnmower fixed on Labor Day weekend.  It just wouldn't start and I tried several ways to fix it myself, all to no avail.  I called around to several reputable repair services only to be told that they would need 3-5 days to look at my mower.  I saw JJ on Yelp and gave him a call.  Not only was he a nice guy, but he offered to see my mower that day, within the hour.  I drove on over to have him take a look.  He does all his repairs right in his backyard out of a toolshed, but he had my mower up & running, as well as cleaned and blade sharpened, within an hour.   It's like he had X-ray vision and new right away what was wrong.  Cost was only $35 which included diagnosing & fixing the problem, cleaning dirt and grass from the mower, sharpening the blade on his grindstone, and re-welding a bolt that had come loose.Considering that he was able to see me within the hour, and fix my mower same day, I think his price was reasonable and he's really just a pleasant guy to deal with.  You can tell that he really love fixing mowers.  Highly recommended service at a reasonable price.
1	JJ has had 2 of my mowers for over three months I have called several times and left messages he does not return phone call. Beware about leaving your mower with JJ
