5	I was hanging out with my mom, and decided that it was time to get some waxing done, as I've seen this place before.  It's right next to the Safeway, and I finally had a chance to stop in and check the place out.Upon entering, I was warmly greeted by a lady named Tracy.  She told me that she would be with me in just a few minutes.  This salon is normal in a lot of different ways...They do nails, pedi's, mani's, waxing and a few other things as well.  I was really happy to see that her prices were fair, and shes got a very clean looking shop.I plan on going here again, most likely for a Pedicure and a few other services, as she seems to have done quite a nice job.  Good hours, great location, and they speak good english too!  LOL.
5	I love this place!  I go in once a month for a pedicure, & they always do a wonderful job.  I do wish they would get more paint colors, especially blues & greens, but other than that this place is fantastic.  I've always been prone to in-grown toenails, but my monthly visits ensure me that I won't have to deal with those anymore.
1	Where do I even begin. The restroom was disgusting smelled like urine, out of toilet paper AND paper towels. Extremely slow and half ass pedicure. When I asked for paraffin I was told no it takes 2 hours to heat up (you would think they would handle that when opening the salon in the morning) and offered salt scrub instead, which I declined since it gives my sensitive skin a razor burn effect. NOT KID FRIENDLY. My 6 year old likes to get her toes done with mommy, and was yelled at for trying to turn on the massage chair "That not a toy!!" And after my toes were done I was moved to an uncomfortable chair to sit with a tiny little fan blowing cold air on my feet for 30 minutes!! I could go on but this pretty much covers the basics. I am normally a 20% tipper and for the first time I left no tip. We will most definitely not be back. As inexpensive as this place is I left feeling over charged and unsatisfied. I could have soaked my feet in cool water rubbed lotion on them and painted my toes at home for free and not felt unwelcome.
5	I have been getting my nails done here for years. I have French nails and get compliments all the time on how nice they look. I highly recommend this nail salon.
4	The nail techs are very kind and courteous, and they take their time.  My gel manicure lasted for over a month!  Nice pedicure, I just wish they had more gel colors to choose from.  Will be back.  The best salon in Mesa that I've visited.
1	I've never had a patch of my eyebrows waxed off, but I can proudly say that after almost 7 months of re-growing that heinous empty spot, I now have. Place isn't as clean as I like my nail salons to be and wait times are excessive as it seems like they are understaffed. Not that I expect nail salons to have a 'welcoming' environment since after all, we're Asian, but definitely not a place to come and bring family or friends. Space is limited and you just get that weird Dark Shadows vibe. Take the time to drive somewhere else or you may end up like me, Patchy McAdams.
3	My sister and I went for full sets and pedicures. Pedicures were great. The 2 gentleman were kind and friendly. A little disappointed with the acrylic sets. Will be back for pedis.
