5	C & C is awesome. Upfront, friendly and fast.These guys are the Pawn Stars of AZ and they should have their own show!
5	Excellent company to do business with.  They are friendly and honest.  I have been doing business with them for 12 years now and they have always done right by me.
5	Don't have a single problem with this place.   From my first time going all the way to my most recent time, I've always experienced the best service.  They're very knowledgeable and always willing to teach their customers more about their business or share their own opinions.  They are very patient and very friendly as well.    Now their selection is very big compared to many of the other gold bullion and stamp places around phoenix or probably in all of AZ.  I recently moved here from CA, and have went to many gold bullion and stamp stores, and this is by far the one with the biggest selection.    They won't have EVERY single size and country that makes gold coins, but they do have their share of interesting things.   They don' jUST have gold, they have a LOT of silver as well, a big selection of notes, old US coins, and coin supplies.  Negative things others may say that shouldn't be a factor into a low rating.  People who come here often are impatient and get mad that they don't get helped right away.  Note that they are very attentive to Every single customer they come across and that some customers may have a lot of questions.  Blame the  customer who came before you, not the people who work there.    Come on a day when you aren't in some rush.  I come on days that I want to just relax and have nothing planned, that way I'm never in a rush when i come and heck, I may see things I haven't seen before in the store, or you may actually see something you like that others bring in.  Another thing people may get mad about is getting turned down for having fakes.   For example.  If I was a gentleman who came in with 20 silver dollars and was told they are fake, I'd be pretty mad.  But I would not express my anger towards the person who told me they are fake.  It is NOT their fault, nor did they sell you those fake silver dollars.  DO your own research people.  It ISN'T that hard to get into this stuff.    I'll be honest.  I'm guilty of being someone who used to think coin collecting or gold and silver was for weird and nerdy people because I used to think this stuff was complicated.  But in the end I became one of them.  This is probably the easiest thing to understand and learn about, and of the smartest things you can do for security and insurance reasons(unless ur a numismatist) This place overall is a great place to Not only sell gold n silver but to bring in rare collectable items.  Both selling and buying is important to them.  Have a good day everyone.
5	Really enjoyed working with these guys, fun to talk to, very knowledgeable, patient and friendly. They have a great selection with lots of variety and great prices. I couldn't find better prices locally for bullion and they were able to put my order together for me quickly without hassle. I'll be back!
5	First, I called to inquire information about my unique situation, "I would like to frame and hang a medal that's 1 and 1/2 inches in diameter. How do I go about doing this and what will I need?" I spoke with Michael and he told me exactly what I would need and right away, a "riker mount" and "an air tight holder - black rubber gasket" of which he immediately went to see if they had in store. He told me they did and held both pieces for me for whenever I could come in to pick them up. I left that day to pick the pieces up. The store was easy to find and the staff was friendly, communicated clearly with one another and therefore knew exactly who I was and what I needed, rang me up and I was out of there in 5 minutes tops. They even installed the two pieces for me in the store and now all I had to do was nail it to my wall! Amazing service. Clearly, they not only have the background knowledge, but supplies for even the coins/medals uncommon like mine. Fantastic establishment!I had tried calling other coin establishments but they had no idea how to go about it. In addition, hobby stores and arts & crafts stores did not know either (like Michael's, Joann's, Hobby Lobby, Hobby Bench, all of which I went to). Also, I paid $5 for the riker mount and $2 for the rubber gasket, amazing! Incredibly affordable. All the shadow boxes at the craft and hobby stores were $10+
