4	Update - August, 2008I just got back from Vegas and unfortunately, the Aladin is no more.  In it's place is Planet Hollywood and we didn't eat there.  Read on to see what you are missing with the Aladin.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's been a couple of years since our last trip to Vegas.  Boy it's changed from the good old days when we used to get $1.99 steak and egg dinners with all you can eat shrimp.  Now it's all about how large and gaudy they can be.  Even the buffets are ridiculous.  Like most things in life I try to strike a happy medium.  I like to maximize my experiences and get the best value for the dollar which is what led me to Aladdins.I'm telling you for the best bang for the buck there is no better place.  i've eaten at most of the large buffets and read many local reviews.  Most of the local guides recommend Aladdin's as their number 1 or number 2 choice.  At the very least they'll give it the same amount of stars as they do the Bleaggio buffet.  The difference is at least $20 a head in cost and a larger variation at Bleaggio (most of it you won't even eat)!  The reality is that a buffet is just too much for any one normal human being.  Aladdin does a great job of offering your key main categories and doing it well.  You have Asian, Mediteranian, Mexican, American and Italian cuisines represented.  It's a great place and I recommend it highly for those who seek value without cutting on quality.
3	I have stayed here three times. They have great suites and an awesome view of the strip. It's also conveniently located in the middle of everything!
3	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I stayed here when I saw VR play. Hotel rooms were decently priced, clean and staff were friendly. Music venue was a little less to be desired, however, worked with it none the less.
