3	The staff is very friendly. However they are very slow. I have been to this location more than 10 times and every time the wait is longer than 20 minutes from ordering to receiving my beverage. Apparently the barista was having a bad day and all stressed out making the experience uncomfortable. Staff seems to be very focused on making coffee for drip instead of taking orders to people in line. This has happened every time I have visited this location. The final product is usually good, When the person taking orders gets what you ordered correct.
5	It is always nice and convenient to have a beautiful Starbucks with a drive thru in my community.I have been so pleased with the way my lattes are made.Bradley Kleeman makes my drinks with perfection.He's always in a good mood and seeing him behind the counter or at the drive thru window will always make my day! Great Customer Service from Bradley..every single day.
2	I absolutely love this Starbucks. Don't get me wrong. It has never ever upset me until today at 11:30 am when I entered the drive thru. Not only did the girl working the headset RUSH me through my order, which is a huuuuge pet peeve of mine, but she clearly wasn't listening either because I asked for an iced caramel macchiato with soy for my passenger and a bacon breakfast sandwich. I was given a half frozen breakfast sandwich and a hot caramel macchiato. As I handed the drink back and told her that it was supposed to be iced she took it back without saying ANYTHING to me. We decided we would leave the sand which part out because she seemed so busy even though there was only one car in the drive thru behind me...and we thought we would just warm it up at home. I was expecting some kind of sorry or something sympathetic when she came back with our iced drink but she didn't say one word...at all! AAAANDD to top it all off she gave me an iced caramel macchiato with MILK. Very displeased with this visit, on our way home we passed the Starbucks on Thomas and scottsdale, and they were very honored to give my friend a new drink and a new sand which for free with no RUSHED feeling. Brownie points to the Scottsdale and Thomas location! But gold water, you need a new drive thru girl.
4	Two words: drive through. Two more words: quick service. Six words: plenty of tables to do work. This new Starbucks is definitely my favorite in the area. They did it right. It's fast, friendly and offers service for those on the go who don't want to get out of their car and those who need to do some work at a desk. The food and coffee is the same as every other Starbucks but this one stands out because of the drive through and spacious interior.
