4	I go to the Albertson's almost every day to get my Starbucks coffee.  There's no wifi, but I don't care.  I go for the faster service rather than wait at the standalone Bucky's nearer to Charleston.The baristas at this Starbuck's are always very pleasant, lots of fun to chat with, and they remember my order.  How could they forget?It's also a place where I have quiet time after the gym to savor my coffee and read the Los Angeles Times.  Ah, it makes my mornings!This is also the Albertson's I usually go to for groceries.  A great bunch of folks in the entire store for the most part.
4	Kathy in the floral department handled my flowers (Flowers by Kathy) she was so wonderful to work with. My florist went out of business a couple months before my wedding and left me stranded. Kathy swooped in and made sure everything we right! My bouqet was amazing and was exactly what I was looking for! She arrived right on time to the location and made sure everybody had what they needed and that I really liked everything before she left. I would use her again in a heart beat! I also got our wedding cake from Albertson's bakery, I had seen the exact one I wanted at a bridal show. I showed her the picture I took on my camera and she knew exactly what I wanted. They gave me a cake sample platter that I could take home with and try with cake, icings, and fillings. All I had to do was call in and let them know what I wanted. Kathy (florist) delivered the cake as well and helped save me $ on the delivery fee. I was so impressed with the service and quality I got from everyone I would recommend them to anyone no matter what budget you're on!
2	Meh is about right. This store is basically the same as the Smith's just up the street, only with higher prices and not as much selection. I come from California where everything is a ripoff ... and the prices here are just as bad if not worse. I don't remember it always being that way, but that's the way it is now. Oh well. It's not like there aren't a ton of other grocery stores within a 90-second drive.
4	This Albertsons location is clean and run well. Includes a Starbucks and a photo copier for $0.15 cents a copy. Also a redbox where you can rent videos and games. Located centrally in Summerlin West.
5	This is my Albertson's. I go here all of the time. There is a cashier who looks like Santa Claus. He's nice. There is a lot of Asian food here just like the Costco up the street. They have mochi and everything. It's not  huge selection, but they do offer a few things.I have been ordering my birthday cakes from this location and each cake is delicious. Please look at the pics I posted. The cakes never have any issues, they are always ready on time and they always taste so good. The last cake I ordered was for my sons 5th birthday and I ordered a dinosaur cake. They made mountains and lava and even put on plastic dino toys. It was marble with fudge filling and whipped topping. The fudge was so good. I was scared at first because I thought it might taste gross but it tasted just like the Hershey's fudge out of the jar. I honestly want to order another cake just to get the fudge.This Alberston's is always clean and well stocked. They have the carts that have cars attached in the front for our kids and they also have miniature carts that kids can push.
2	Ehh.... you walk in and you smell ... rotting produce.  It's weird.   I don't think I've ever experienced that at an Albertson's before.It was kinda nasty.   And what's even more weird is that no one else seemed bothered by it.   Guess it's just me, but if it smells like that, I tend not to shop there as often.
5	Love, love, love this Albertson's.  With customer service being way up there on my criteria for my shopping requirements, you cannot go wrong at this store.  I love Sal, a beautiful customer service representative, I have established a good friendship over the years.  The items are always well-stocked, aisles neat and tidy, and just a pleasant overall shopping experience.  I drive a few extra miles to go out of my way to this particular store.  Please don't change!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Kathy in the floral department (Flowers by Kathy)! She was a delight to work with and really made my wedding vision come alive. Kathy is so gifted when in comes to being able to envision what a bride wants and makes their dreams a reality. She helped me create centerpieces that were beautiful and one of a kind, I got comments all night about how amazing they looked. She created the arch display to be detachable so we could use it for decorations at the head table- I hadn't even thought of that but it saved us several hundred dollars. She spent countless hours answering questions, responding to emails, looking at pictures etc just so that I wouldn't have to stress. She came early to set everything up and I didn't have to worry about a thing and believe me this is huge on your wedding day! I would recommend Kathy to anyone and everyone looking for flowers for a wedding, she is affordable and so very talented.
3	I just come to Albertson's if I need to pick up a few things real quick. Usually I just get my Almond milk from here if I don't feel like driving to Whole Foods. If I am going to go grocery shopping, I would rather hit up Costco and Whole Foods.
5	The Starbucks staff are very professional and quick!! The store is clean and organized. Also the Pharmacy staff are professional and super helpful.
5	This Albertsons is close to our house, so we started going here for the convenience. This store quickly became a favorite. Every employee goes out of their way to be helpful, and are extremely friendly. The produce department is well stocked, and has a great selection. They recently updated their display case in the fresh meat and seafood case. it looks great. The king crab legs are quite impressive, and their meat quality is top notch.  They always have great sales as well, throughout the store. Cannot beat their meat sale prices.
3	This is a pretty good supermarket. It is always clean and the employees are friendly and helpful. I particularly enjoy their wing bar, and their selection of pre-made sandwiches. The meat section is pretty small, and there don't seem to be as many choices in the refrigerated food sections as I've seen in other supermarkets. The main complaint is that Albertson's can be a bit more expensive than some other supermarkets. They've discontinued their shoppers card, and occasionally do have some good specials, but in comparison, they do tend to trend on the higher side.*** Note, Albertson's no longer offers self-checkout. I am really disappointed, it was a lot quicker than standing in line.
3	While I've admittedly never been an Albertson's fan they are generally good in a pinch, high prices and limited selection notwithstanding.  Located on Charleston where there are no less than 10 other grocery stores within a 5 mile stretch I stopped in here for a couple of items early Saturday morning only to find them sold out of frozen broccoli.  Sold out at 8am?  Was there some sort of rush that I was unaware of on an item that costs 30 cents more a pound than the Smith's, Vons, or Walmart down the road?Sure the folks here are friendly and sure the store is clean, but if you're going to overcharge me the least you can do is keep your shelves stocked.
5	The meat and Seafood dept is amazing!!! Always FRESH n FRIENDLY!!! Its a given why I choose to shop at Albertsons on Town Center and Charlston! There always willing to go above and beyond to make sure u get quality fresh product with a recipe and a smile!!!
4	Nice and fresh produce.  I like how they moved the breads closer to the produce section.  The butchers are nice and very helpful.  I like the Buy 1 Get 2 Free on the meats.  Usually, there are no long lines at night for checking out.  The checkers are friendly.  The store is clean!
4	I like Albertson's. Their prices seem a bit lower than Von's, and I think they have a good selection of products- except they don't carry much in the way of smoked meats, apparently. I don't come here often because it's out of the way but I like not needing a membership card when I do visit.
3	Following the current trend of lots of prepared foods.  Good if you don't feel like cooking or are in a hurry because there's a large selection.  Prices higher than Smith's (in general) and you need to watch the expiration dates on less common items. (in my case... Tofu...way past it's prime!)
1	DON'T SHOP THEREShopping tonight 9/3/14 I was purchasing frozen food entree, looked at expiration date IT WAS 02/14 MEANING IT EXPIRED 9 MONTHS AGE  Took to cashier who did did not call manager, said he did't eat this product.30 days ago got food poisoning from food made at albertson's deli.THIS HAS HAPPENED MANY TIMES AT THIS LOCATION!!!
4	Great baguettes! Really, truly, great baguettes!Sal at the checkout line is awesome too, and I always make sure to stop and say hi!
