4	Recycle your shoes here and get an additional 10% off your purchase.I prefer this store to the one (although it's smaller) at Las Vegas Outlet Center (formerly Belz), mainly for womens selection. I've found several pairs of shoes here- comfy ones (sporty mules) that I took to Hawaii, for what seemed endless hours of walking in Waikiki. Quality shoes at great prices (clearance priced located in the back with color denoting stickers to indicate additional discount level 50%/60%/70% off). Also, boots, clothing, and accessories (socks, gloves, belts, etc.) available here. Sometimes, the benches are completely taken up, but there are mirrors to see how the shoes/boots look. One of the few stores where the security guard (dressed in a black suit, ala secret service- esque) is just standing at the door.
5	Came by here and actually was able to snag a great deal for a pair of shoes for my dad.  At 70% off, the price of the shoes dropped to $37 so dollars with tax.  Besides the men's collection, there are also shoes for women and for kids.  I was pleasantly surprised by the service here.  Someone helped me look for additional sizes, too.  :-)  Will definitely return again if I find myself here.
5	I like it here, limited selection, but an open air mall around it makes it nice.
4	Good size store across from the Nike outlet on the corner.  Good selection of shoes for me and women.  Also sells clothes and accessories (hats, belts, backpacks, socks, etc.).   Nice large bench square for trying on shoes.  Pleasant and helpful staff.
4	Located in the Premium Outlet Mall, in Downtown Las Vegas.You want a great selection and great attentive customer service? Go somewhere else, but hey this is an outlet store, a busy outlet store for that matter, an outlet store with great prices to put a finer point on it. My advice is know your shoe size before you go in there. Other than that just remember this isn't Neiman Marcus, it's an outlet. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
