3	What I would consider an average steakhouse.  The food was good, but nothing special, the service was okay.  There are far better steakhouse venues in this city (Flemings, Eddie V's, Maestro's, Ruth Chris' for example).  And when you add in the cost, not very likely we'll be going back there.
4	I absolutely love this Morton's. Yes a chain, but as a guy, and a steaklover, this is a top notch steakhouse. I was a little biased because I used to live right across the street from it, but that didnt change the fact that its a good steakhouse. A total dark (or dim lit) mood steakhouse with prime cuts of steak. Well aged. Great drinks. Excellent service. One of the better Morton's that Ive been to around the country.
3	Read my Maestro's review and substitute the overpriced fish I mentioned for overpriced steak.  It's meat - just lots of above average quality meat.  Sides are very basic and uninspired.Again, expense account destination.  Not a place for foodies or vegans.
4	Morton's has a fine reputation, and for the most part it lives up to it. The Steaks are sublime, though I wasn't as keen on the asparagus or potatoes here... I am not sure their prices are always in line.The drinks are all top shelf and worth every penny.
2	Loved being greeted by a Maitre' DLoved having the table of the booth pulled out for meLoved the comfy boothsLoved the verbal menuLoved the attentive serviceLoved the Captain/Waiter team thing they got going onLoved how our Captain was such a pro at what he was doingLoved the bread even though it was such a messLoved my filled to the rim MartiniLoved my husbands reasonably priced $6 Sam Adams Loved the Chopped SaladLoved the fact that the manager came by to ask how everything wasLoved the end of the dinner chit-chat with Michael our Waiter......so, I'll try to disregard...the OK Lobster Bisquethe OK Lyonnaise Potatoesthe OK Chicago style bone-in Porterhousethe OK Filet with Bearnaisethe OK Creamed Spinach......but unfortunately, I won't be able to forget...the 2 $5.95 each small bottled watersthe  2 $13 each Grey Goose martinis the very bad, under cooked souffleand walking out with a $250 tab......for two
2	I have been racking my brain to think of nice things to say about Morton's:* They plastic wrap they use on the "selection tray" is very shiny:)* They have single malt scotch:)* The lighting is very low if you have light sensitivity problems:)* The steaks are better than the steaks at Lonestar or Outback or the buffet at Eagles Nest in the casino:)I want to say something nice, because that's how I was raised.But I'm having trouble.Was the food really bad?...Well, no it wasn't a horror show...although medium rare isn't that hard to achieve...I shouldn't have to put up with an over cooked steak (I don't like to send food back when dining with clients...doesn't send the right message)Was the service inept or ill-mannered?...Not really, although being asked if everything is "to my liking" after every third bite can become cloying (I suppose it's in the manual somewhere:)Was the bill really that bad?...Well, my prospective clients actually took me to dinner, so I didn't pay, but I did see the bill...$460 for the three of us, so not as much as some but for that kind of dough I do expect a better meal:)Morton's seem to have become the McDonald's of steakhouses (as contrasted with Ruth's Chris...the Burger King of steakhouses:)They are safe...You won't get the wildly uneven results that you'll find with say...a Mastro's location:)You always know where the toilet is:)...and the bar:)...and the coat room:)...and etc.:)You always know where the rib-eye is located on the "selection tray":)But the preparation of the food is pedestrian, the presentation is uninspired, the sides are uninspiring and the whole feel is formulaic and dated:(I do expect more at this price point and Morton's just doesn't deliver these days:(So, just like MickieD's, I only go to Morton's these days, when I am dragged (or is it "drugged":)Are there worse dining experiences?...oh you bet...we could still be dealing with The Pink Taco:)
4	I've been to steakhouses from NY to LA and from Vegas to Boston and back again and this restaurant gets a top ten ranking. In general the crowd is a bunch of pretentious pricks, which I'm not crazy about, but the food here is impeccable! It has an awesome wine list and great service. Consistency of preparation with fresh ingredients are what has made Morton's one of my favorite places in The Valley. The food there was prepared exactly as I had ordered it, and the wait staff is most accommodating. The bar scene is your average young, scantily-clad women with the older men wearing jeans and trying to look relevant. All in all Morton's is a safe bet.
3	I will re-visit a Morton's over a Ruth's Chris any day!But, I will still stand by my organic grass-fed beef...
4	I've been to the Morton's in the Biltmore area several times and just loved it. Perfect every time. So when the boyfriend's mom wanted a steak dinner for Mother's Day of course our first choice was Morton's. Although we shouldn't have strayed from the Biltmore location.I'm surprised people are saying the food here is not good. I think it's really good. I'm giving this Morton's 4 stars because every bit of our food was delicious. Their shrimp appetizer is the best shrimp I've ever had, their filet mignon is always cooked to perfection and if you add their sauteed mushrooms to it, it is simply divine. We also indulged in their chocolate cake which is always very tasty.The reason I'm only giving 4 stars and not 5 is because of the service we got. From the very beginning our server seemed distracted and rushed. When she was giving the presentation she kept looking away like there was something more interesting going on somewhere else. I know you have the script memorized but that is just rude. Look at us when you're talking to us! Throughout the meal she would race by and walk away before we could even answer if "everything was okay." I was very disappointed in her lack of attention.This location also feels much more casual than Biltmore's. I guess I'm old fashioned but when I go out for a steak dinner I get dressed up. Many people here were in khaki shorts and polos.Next time we're craving a Morton's steak, we'll be heading back to the Biltmore location where they know how to give excellent service, every time.
1	I like Morton's. I have been to quite a few Morton's in my lifetime, but last night, this particular location left me with a bad taste in my mouth. See I was there a wine event, and in my defense, I knew I should have made sure that I had enough cash on me prior to arriving, but I didn't think anything of it. After finally finding a parking spot and walking in then did I realize, crap I don't have enough cash. The young lady that was taking money for the even was nice and she stated that I could fill out a credit authorization form, which is me basically writing down my credit card information on a piece of paper for them to charge later. Yea no. I wasn't comfortable with that idea so she said to try to the bar as they should be able to help you.So I go over to the bar and it was busy, but not overly busy. I made eye contact with both bartenders, smiled and waited. 5 mins later, I am still waiting and never received a " I will be right with you, or Hi their, what can I get you" however other patrons that came up to the bar after me were helped immediately. Yea FAIL!Even then I was like ok, I let it go. Yes I was disappointed but I let it go. So go to try to find a manager to see if I could find a way to pay for the wine event that was going on. I explained the situation to the hostess at the door and she called over a manager or the head hostess guy, I am not sure. She explained to him what my request was he told that hostess "I can't assist her right now" (meaning me). She then said "but can't we just scan her card for the $15, it will only take a minute?", and the he again proceed to say, "I don't have time to do that so no I cannot assist her". Mind you I am standing right next to both of them as this conversation is happening. If you could have seen the look on my face. The hostess immediately apologies and I tell her it is fine, no worries and I turn to walk out the door when the manager or head hostess says to me, " Can I do anything else for you?" What the??!!! Are you kidding me?  Hmm no,  but thanks. You have been most helpful.So needless to say that I did not attend the wine event and I left Morton's very disappointed. From the service I received at the bar down to the head hostess or manager.  Yes I know I should have made sure I had cash on me for this event but seriously?Funny thing is that I went to another place to calm down and to have a drink. Although I was upset, I still smiled and made eye contact with the bartender and she immediately came over to me and said, "Hi!  Give me a second and I will be right with you". Get this, this bar was BUSIER than Morton's.
5	Buzzcation was the event this time. A gathering of folks to eat some yummy food, drink a good martini or beer and support Packages from Home a worthy charity that sends packages to our men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan.There were two main appetizers served. The first was an incredibly delicious salmon pizza. Fresh salmon served on pizza dough. Garnished just right, this was amazing.Not to be out done, the second app was my favorite and I almost took the whole plate full. A crab BLT cake sandwich. A nice sized crab cake, on a mini hamburger bun, with lettuce, tomato and bacon. Oh my, oh my..this was amazing! Both of these items are future new pieces to the other great appetizers served at Morton's. The martini I had to go with was also well made. The staff from the bartender to waiter to hostess were all awesome. One day I will need to come back and have one of their steaks!
4	Great happy hour
3	I was debating if I should give Morton's a 3 or 4-star rating, didn't quite make it to 3.75 for rounding, so it's 3.Food was good, but with the price I paid, in my opinion, I would alter my choice to Ruth Chris or Mastro's City Hall for better. For their first time guest, they literally 'presented' the menu right in front of you, I mean, they had their broccolis, onions, raw steaks and fish on a cart and showed to you, that's what you're going to get. Really? We had their Morton's salad (with anchovies? not a big fan), the salad is fresh, but dressing was a bit over; my medium rare single-cut filet was done perfect, tender and juicy, it was great! Also both of our sides, sauteed green bean and steamed asparagus were really good! Chocolate mousse for desert on the other hand, was just a-ok, I'd expect more than just the mousse at this kind of restaurant. Creativity?Service was great! I like that they took the time and made a little special for a bday reservation (menu with happy birthday and signs on table), and took a picture of us to keep.
2	We started with the lobster bisque and jumbo lump crab as appetizers. The bisque was lumpy and average. The crab however was fresh and delicious. For the main course we opted for 2 Porterhouse steaks (cooked medium) as the perfect cut for those who cannot decide between a NY strip and a filet. Accompanying the meal we chose steak cut fries and asparagus. The meal paired well with the wine the Sommelier recommended and the sides were great. The NY strip portion of the meat was tasty however the filet side was tough and overcooked - certainly not medium as ordered. A steak house (by name) that can't cook a steak to order is not worthy of anything over 2 stars - it's an entry level requirement. In fairness we did not mention this to the server, as the end result would have been two new steaks which would have taken more time and been a terrible waste of meat.The overall experience of our evening was very enjoyable. However when paying top dollar for a steak ($49 a piece) you expect it to be cooked as ordered.On the way out 5 staff were gathered around the hostess. They all wished us a good evening however were too engaged in conversation with each other to think about helping us with the two heavy doors. Overall, Mortons is a good restaurant however it's increasingly dated, overpriced and running on the success of yesteryear. We've had better steaks and service for less - the filet at Bandaras in Old town is one local example.
1	Extremely disappointed. The morton's in SF has a great reputation so we figured we'd take our friend from DC here. Have never been visited a mortons before this. The steaks were mediocre, Ruth Chris even pinnacle Peak Patio steaks tasted better. Our friend's steak that he ordered was rare (he ordered medium) and had to be taken back. When it came back it was charred on the outside but still rare. By that time my husband and I were 1/2 way done w/ our meal. Our friend decided to switch the steak for another cut. He was, unfortunately, facing the kitchen where he got bird's eye view of the chef's arguing and visibly upset by this steak situation. They did bring out the new cut which was better cooked but our friend was questioning whether or not he should taste it. When we had originally ordered he also pre-ordered a dessert b/c we were told it took 1/2 to prepare. After he was done w/ the steak, they did bring out the dessert but after the issues w/ the steaks, he  forgot he ordered it and no longer had an appetite for it. This is the kicker. Rather than the waiter saying it was on the house as some form of compensatory effort, he quickly took it back. I know if i was the manager, I would have tried to compensate for the whole situation, i would have credited the customer with the bad experience. Not so here. Not only bad meal experience, expensive but also poor managerial decision. Will never go back and do not recommend. Skip this place and go to another steakhouse, you won't regret i.
3	So, I was here for a business team dinner. There were 13 of us and it almost seemed like we were the only people in the restaurant on a Sunday at like 730pm. That seemed a bit weird to me. Okay, I may be exaggerating a bit about being the only table there but it definitely seemed empty.Large bread roll that was the size of small watermelon - it was warm on the inside but not as crunchy on the outside as I like. Minus 1/2 star. I didn't want to fill up since I was eating at a steakhouse so I didn't eat much of it. Appetizers ordered: bacon-wrapped scallops, seafood dish with lobster and crab pieces, and shrimp cocktail. Nothing too exceptional here. Minus 1/2 star. The scallops were large and I did have another since it was sitting there with no one eye-balling it. Drinks: 1 magnum of red wine (can't remember the name but it was good), 2 bottles of cham-painnnnn. I ordered the double porterhouse with my colleague. It was cooked medium rare and it was good but not outstanding. It was large and in charge but I didn't taste any flavor that would make me crave it again. Minus 1 star.Desserts ordered at the table: souffle (no WOW factor), sundae (enough for 2-3 people to share), choc lava cake (i've seen larger). Minus 1/4 star.I can't complain too much since it was free on the company but I wouldn't come back here on my own dime. I think I would give this a 2.75 so rounding up would be a 3.
3	We have only been here for happy hour. The food is pretty good, and the prices are fantastic! You can definitely get some good quality food here for a great price. They also do a reverse happy hour later in the night, and that's great too! The service is also very good and quick.
4	Morton's steakhouse offers the best steak in Scottsdale.  The Prime Rib end cut is very flavorful.  This place always brings in a big crowd for dinner and the ambiance is very nice.   It's not exactly a five star food quality  like Ruth's Chris Steakhouse but it's good food and great service.   Everything is served ala carte like most high end steakhouses and be sure to order a bottle of red wine to go with your steak as they have a nice wine menu.
4	First of all they had HUGE portions, if you are an averaged size human you should share your meal.  The Seafood appetizer was fresh and I could've have eaten more if I wasn't saving room for my super sized steak.  The bread was fluffy and freshly baked.  I ordered the Chicago Cut Ribeye, which was seasoned perfectly, but a bit over cooked.  We were celebrating my  husbands birthday and they sprinkled confetti on the table and made us personalized menus and gave us a picture with a signed cards.  I may go back again, but I think it was too pricey for the quality of food.  $400 for a party of 3.
3	Now I know why the tables have sleeping piggy lights on each table it is funny since they don't serve pork. (they are making fun of the guest because you feel that way after eating here)A Giant whole squishy onion bread comes out to you right away with HARD butter. (this is enough for 6 people)We both ordered the most reasonably priced 3 course dinners upping one to a rib-eye ($9extra) The spring special till 9-30-11 $45 a special that is no longer on this location's web-site but you can still get.Out comes our wedge salad (HOLY BEEP!) a whole trimmed head of lettuce (am I a pig?) all dressed up. (this can feed 4 people ) I picked blue cheese dressing and thought it seemed very heavy with lots of mayo not to mention many oz of good blue cheese.I get my small (not really small) filet and it was good so I have to give at least 3 stars ,so was the rib-eye also cooked nice.The potato is some sort of Giant Monster potato that can feed 4 people but it was burnt of the bottom and we had asparagus that were cooked nice however the balsamic glazing wasn't too tasty.Our specials came with this giant chocolate mousse that we both found to be extra heavy and not smooth but rich with chocolate.I noticed most service was very good,ours was OK with our server maybe just not into being there. (a fluke) we didn't get the Morton's educational speech with the cart or and all and was only checked on by server when taking first bite of steak.We had a $100 gift card and still spent close to $100 with drinks tax tip ordering the least expensive dinners so it is fair to say for a couple plan on $200 up UP and UP!The steaks really were very good but the rest over all OK or meh I had better? and oink OINK ZZzzzzzzzz
1	Overpriced for an over salted steak with veggies that taste like those from Hometown Buffet.  This is the old west.  We got robbed by Morton's!
2	I usually go to Morton's for quality of food and service. The quality of food is still there that's why I gave it two stars.  However, the service was terrible.  Jane was our server.  When she took our orders she ran off like a bat out of hell without answering questions we had. We had to flag her down like a taxicab to get her back to answer a question. We hadn't finished asking our questions when she ran off again. Did she have to pee, perhaps?  We summoned her again with another question but she didn't come by. We got that answered by another server.  It seems that they work in teams so you don't really get the personal attention required in a place like this.  It's like McDonald's. One person gets your fries, the other the burger, the other gets your drink. Not good.  While we were having dinner Jane asked: ARE YOU HAPPY? ( With respect to what? ) I think most appropriately it would be: IS EVERYTHING OK? or ARE YOU ENJOYING YOUR MEAL? or IS THERE SOMETHING ELSE I CAN GET FOR YOU?  Like perhaps a few extra lemons slices with my shrimp that came with one lousy slice of lemon?  The guy filling the water glasses had water fall all over  my husband shirt cuffs.  Apology? Nope. People shouldn't pay two hundred dollars for this kind of service.  Too bad. Another quality restaurant bites the dust.
5	Had our New Year's Eve dinner experience here and enjoyed every bit of it!  Steaks were melt in your mouth tender and perfectly prepared. We also got to try the bacon wrapped scallops that were prepared perfectly, also.....moist and tasty.You get to order your sides al-a-carte and they are big enough to share, we always have too many but it makes it fun to try a little of everything.  My favorite is the asparagus with a balsamic reduction drizzled on top, YUM!For dessert we had to go with the Chocolate Fudge Cake that comes with a healthy helping of rich vanilla ice cream, perfect way to start off the New Year!
2	I do not write this on all Morton's restaurants i've been to the ones in chicago and i would compare them to some of the best steaks i've eaten but there's just something wrong about this Morton's i've given them many opportunities but over and over then steaks are just bland i hope ownership does looks into it because.  i root for Morton's as a boy from chicago, arnold helped the chicago restaurant scene back in the 50's and im sure this is not how he wanted his restaurant to become
4	One of the last bastions of manhood, Mortons.The cigar friendly bar.The ornate mahogany surroundings, reminding me of my attorney and how much money he makes.And the presentation. If you've never been to Morton's, you'll marvel at their menu presentation. A serving cart, wheeled to your table and on it, what appears to be the finest cuts of beef ever along with one cute surprise: a live lobster.And beleive me, you'll know he's alive when despite his rubber-banded claws, he precariously ooches his way off his dinner plate and heads your direction,You won't hear a fucking word the server is saying as you fixate on this three pound crustacean who looks like he's hell-bent on sampling  your crudites, so it's best to bring a date along, one whose retention skills aren't limited to a two or three hour window, so you can ask her to repeat whatever it was the server just told you. And just in case your date is as dumb-as-a-fence-post, the server will give you a menu card the size of those index cards that helped you to fail your pre-meds. On it, you'll notice things like Mortons chopped salad, which I highly recommend.Broccoli, which if your'e into that whole cruciferous-cancer-crusade, is darned tasty when schmeared with their delicious hollandaise sauce.And the desserts. I think they float down from Heaven on a little white pillow. Just like the little white pillow your wedding ring was delivered on, but have since  lost  and replaced with a fifty dollar replica.
4	Amazing Valentine's dinner, Feb. 14, 2012. Yes, it's expensive - expect to spend more than $200 for a dinner for two including an appetizer, bread (complimentary), a glass of champagne, a steak, salad, and potato. Our food was excellent, the service was exemplary, and the entire experience made us feel like royalty. We couldn't have had better service. We also couldn't believe the sheer size of the steaks - my "slightly smaller" NY strip steak was about 2 1/2 times the size of the smallest steak at Outback. My husband's regular-size steak looked like at least 12 oz., maybe more, and both of us took about half of our steaks home. My husband's garlic mashed potatoes were enough to feed three people, so we took the extras home too. The huge loaf of warm bread was crunchy on the outside, tender and tasty inside, and when crumbs got all over the table, our server quickly came and removed them with his little scraper (very elegant). A photographer took our photo and presented it to us in a signed folder a few minutes later. The ambiance was upscale, elegant, but very comfortable too. There was a coat check, valet parking ($6 plus tip), and just all-around excellent customer care. The menu is a la carte - each item is ordered separately, and there are plenty of choices, but again, you need to be prepared to ignore those high prices (like $47 - 54 just for the steak alone). I had to send my steak back because I ordered it "medium well" and it came rare-medium, and the manager himself brought it back to me with apologies. We couldn't have chosen a better place for a very special night out. If you're looking for a romantic place for next Valentine's Day, or to propose to your sweetie, or whatever, and you're not afraid to spend some extra bucks for the experience, I highly recommend this Morton's Steakhouse.
5	I have always had an excellent meal here.  I was surprised the one in Phoenix closed down.
5	99% of the time, I sit in the bar area... Happy hour prices and food choices are outstanding.  Food is perfectly cooked every single time.  Service is impeccable.... and the oysters, mmm mmm mmmm.... even though its a steak house, the oysters are always delicious and perfectly shucked!
3	Bought by corporate Landry's (and the Camelback location closed) this former steak giant is headed south, and fast.What do you think about when you think, "Morton's"?--strangely tan vinyl booths (yes, I've seen them in Chicago, and I finally get it)--sinatra standards--bow ties--to be shown what a beefsteak tomato looks like (from the cart)--to be shown what a life lobster looks like (the poor kiddo)--to be shown what a porterhouse looks like (oh, YUM)--crabcakes--AND THE BEST DARNed steak you can get in town, _no matter the cut_--don't forget the sprigs of watercress, my favorite.But Landry's isn't having it. A multi-million dollar brand is taking a new direction:#no more Sinatra#no more cart#maitre'd has no tux#limited Champagne options; $160 Tatt is a plain ripoff.Steakhouses are a dime-a-dozen these days and with Eddie V's nearby putting on the Ritz with live jazz and magnums of the Heitz Martha's Vineyard _besides great steaks_, Landry's Morton's won't be here for long.
3	I consider myself somewhat of an expert on Mortons.  If I was on island (home), I ate a the Honolulu restaurant every Saturday from Jun 2007 to May 2011.  Since that time the restaurant has been sold to Landrys.So what did I notice today when I went there tonight.  First, Maitre d and manager weren't wearing tuxedos any more.  Given that Landrys recently bought McCormick and Schmicks and closed the Phx location in addition to the Phx Mortons, I think there's a serious change afoot.How does this reflect on quality?  Perhaps to early to say.  But on the other hand cutting away at something as small as management in tuxedos may seem inconsequential, I can guarantee you that there will be 2nd and 3rd order effects that will impact food quality.Now having said all of the above we ate in the bar.  Ordered the sliders, blt crab sandwiches, mini wedge salad and a bowl of lobster bisque.  I was all good reflected pretty much what we had in Hawaii over the last 4 years.  Having said that, I will go out on a limb here and say that if the tuxedo cutting culture makes it's way into the kitchen, then I predict one of the first casualties will be the crab cakes.  Good crab cakes are hard, and expensive to make.  Cheap or Cheaper ones are easier.  But it you're cutting out tuxedos...a very visible sign of the restaurant...it will be very easy to make cheaper crab cakes.
5	Amazing food and wine!
3	My husband and I came to celebrate the end of his MBA program. He is a major steak lover and loves these kinds of places but neither of us had ever been. We had a reservation and were seated very promptly by the manager. The server also had a slip of paper with our last names and greeted us as such. We had two servers, Jane and I can't remember the guy's name. Jane had her spiel down (as I heard her repeat it to the table behind us) and was somewhat likeable. I found her off-putting at times such as when she acted caught off-guard when I ordered an appetizer as my dinner. Then she smiled at me in an all-knowing way as if I was one of "those" girls ordering something small for dinner. I didn't say anything but my husband caught on as he said something about it after she left the table. Then later I overheard her jokingly ask a gay male couple seated by us "who is the Mrs?" when presenting their bill. That rubbed me wrong way, too, but maybe I was being sensitive. Anyway, they brought a large warm onion loaf of bread. It was okay...I ate several pieces. For dinner, we had the clams casino appetizer ($12), for my meal I had the baked prime platter ($22), my husband had the cajun ribeye ($47), bacon and onion mac-n-cheese ($11) and parmesan truffle fries ($11). Everything was very good except the fries because they never brought it out! It was on the bill, though, so I am not sure what happened there. They took it off when we brought it to their attention. Oh, that reminds me, Jane and the other server apologized for the oversight but Jane took it one step further by saying that at least it wasn't her mistake. Tacky. My baked seafood platter consisted of one breaded large shrimp, one bacon wrapped scallop, one oysters rockerfeller, and one small lump crab cake. For $22????? Um okay....the horseradish sauce they gave with it was amazing though. My husband was in love with his steak. I had a bite, too, and it was really good. The mac-n-cheese was very cheesy and decadent. For dessert, we had the small chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ice cream ($15). I'm not sure why Jane said it took a half hour to cook but either way, it was very delicious. Adding a couple glasses of wine (it took awhile for my husband to be asked if he liked a second glass of wine-after his first had been empty for at least 10 minutes),  our bill came to $150. I knew it would be expensive but didn't care because it was a gift to my husband. I just don't get places like this. The service wasn't better than other places (and in some instance, worse), and the food didn't wow me. My husband had a good point that it could be hard to do that with seafood. I tend to agree but at that price point and the amount of food, I should have loved it. Instead, it was comparable to places half the price. My husband will probably go back....but without me. Meh, not interested.
4	The bread they serve is very dry.  What would one expect from the only "free" item served?The Cajun Ribeye is incredible and worth the $49.  It basically melts in your mouth.
2	I had heard good things about Morton's, but I have to wonder if the recent purchase by Landry's (which are atrocious) has sent the quality over the cliff. Way too garlic-y appetizers followed by poor cuts of meat inexpertly cooked dry. As a bonus, a big pile of gooey sediment in my $13 glass of wine.I wouldn't be so harsh on them if they weren't trying to pass this off as "fine dining" with a commensurate price. Nothing comped, nor anything offered in compensation - which begs the question, why bother asking if everything was good if you can't do anything about it if it isn't?
4	I'm a fan for Happy Hour.  There are better steak houses in Scottsdale/Phoenix for a sit down meal, but you can't beat the Bar Bites menu.  Their burger is one of the best in town.  I'm a big burger fan.  The best has to be Durant's in down town Phoenix.  Second best is Morton's followed by Capital Grill.  The burgers aren't cheap, but well worth it.It would be nice if Morton's was open for lunch.
1	This pains me to write, as I've always been a fan of the morton's in Scottsdale.  Sadly no more...I've ben here before, repeatedly, and have to report it is sliding downhill.  To be clear its simply not my observation, this Friday night at 9:30 there were ZERO customers, very unusual when across the parking lot the cheesecake factor had an hour wait for a table.  As for the food: the crab cakes were not the same, less breading, more filling, not as good.  we had 3 steamed lobsters, they were terrible, just sitting on a plate, not even slightly cracked.  The claw was raw, the body had this unusual black substance inside that none of us had ever seen...sad and disappointing.  I understand from a seemingly disgruntled employee that there are new owners who simply are interested in the financial bottom line.  They should really check out the food, as they too would see this is not good.  You can do better, in fact, it would be hard to do worse.NOTE:  I subsequently learned that black insides of a lobster mean that it was previously frozen!  Now I know.
1	For $100 a head, I'd rather go to Taco Bell. I got the wrong order served to me, the wrong drinks, and the wrong bill. All by 3 separate waiters ' here to serve me'. The staff did not know what they were doing. They also told me they had no tables till 10pm, yet the restaraunt was just about empty when we got there. Morton would be highly disappointed.
1	This review applies to only the Morton's in Scottsdale....The other and I went in on Sunday May 5th. The GM from the Seattle made our reservation for us.  We are both VIP's from the old Morton's days before they were purchased by Landry's.  As VIP's we clearly enjoy Morton's Steakhouse.  We make it a point that when we travel, if there is a Morton's, we're there.At Scottsdale, HUGE MISTAKE!It was quite obvious the staff does not like same sex couples. As they were purposely rude to us.-This statement is too broad, which is unfair.  The server and manager we encountered were rude.  The bartender that evening was great. The steaks were just OK.  The dessert souffle was so over cooked you needed a steak knife to cut it.  The server was so inept as she was serving it, she said i don't think you will like it.  But, she served it anyway.  A competent server wouldn't have even left the kitchen with the dessert.There are many options in the Phoenix-Scottsdale area for Steak.  One in Paradise Valley at the JW Marriott (where we had an exceptional meal two nights prior) and one out in Chandler near where we stayed.IF YOU ARE A MORTON'S"S FAN DO NOT EAT HERE.  YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Went there with 3 others during "restaurant week".  Usual parking problems with the valet parking hogging the lot.   Place was clean, service was good.  The $40 special plus some lobster was mediocre at best.   I expected a great steak from a steak house.   The chocolate souffle was unrecognizable, but the creme brule was tasty.  The noise level was unbearable.   Despite my good hearing, I could hardly hear two of the other three people at our table.  I expected much more at an expensive restaurant and won't be returning.There are far too many better restaurants at lower prices than Morten's.
2	Sooo I was super excited to go to Morton's, it was the hubs and my first date since having a baby 3 months ago. We got all dolled up and off we went. We met another couple their for Restaurant Week. My boss had warned me that the noise level was excessive and that the steaks were average. I wish I would have listened and just went to Ruth's Chris where we know the food is always great and you can carry on a conversation with out yelling like you are in a bar at a punk rock concert. Even going during Restaurant Week where the 3 course meal was $40 a person our bill for 4 people came out to well over $400. We all had several drinks each, but they so kindly do not put prices next to the drinks, so you have no idea how much you are spending. First course I ordered the chopped salad, it was nice, it was a salad...how hard is it. Second course I ordered the 6 oz fillet medium well. It was nothing amazing. Just ok. I had that with the side of cream corn, it was gross. I also ordered a side of the onion & Bacon mac and cheese for the table...it didn't come out until we were all almost done with our meals. And I am sad I ordered it because it was not good at all. Third course, I ordered the Key Lime Pie, it was not edible. It tasted like Lysol. Very chemically tasting. So all in all, was it the worst experience I have ever had? No. Would I go back? No.
1	I went here for restaurant week. The restaurant is not that nice inside the wait staff was not very professional. I ordered the chop salad. It appeared to be on leaf on lettuce chopped up no avocado(as stated on menu) blah. My steak was ordered medium came to table WELL done so it was sent back. The bread was not made fresh there tasted like a roll from Fry's. Dessert was okay. Much better places out there for much cheaper. I won't be going back!
1	I am adding to my review of 5-15-13.  I am doing this as a separate review because for some reason, my Yelp account is screwed up and has me twice.  I have requested a contact from Yelp to get this fixed.  Hint Hint Yelp people.After I posted my original review, someone from Landry's corporation, (Owners of Morton's) contacted me via email and expressed sincere concern for the very bad experience.  They requested the Scottsdale GM contact me.  He called me on a Saturday afternoon while I was out enjoying a Saturday with friends.  Wasn't the time, usually business calls are handled M-F.  I politely asked that he call at a different time.  He said he would call me the next Tuesday.  After a week and a half, I received a call from someone calling on his behalf.  This person basically told me he was handling something more important and that he would follow up with me.It has been over a month since the very bad experience at the Scottsdale Morton's.  Still waiting to hear from the GM.  After all, it was Landry's Corporate that wanted follow-up completed. Clearly this GM really doesn't care that we were treated very badly and had very bad food.  This Morton's must rely on the good name of Morton's and the hard work of other Morton's GM's for business.READ MY FIRST REVIEW DATED 5-15-13.
2	Mediocre is the best I can say.  Had a wonderful time catching up with an old friend, but the food sure didn't cut it.  Very attentive staff, let us linger & talk with no problem.  Expected a more refined level of service at a place like this, but can tell it's a corporate thing & not the server at all!Food, only average. Ex foodie here, so I have a general clue.  Hmmm, high end steak house..... anyone there know how to cook a steak???  Rare/Med Rare came out medium at best, both me & my dining partner.  French onion soup, darn wish they didn't open a can with this one.  Lyonnaise potatoes, yeck!  I sure expect a lot more at $100 a pop.  Texas Roadhouse or Logan's beat this anyday.... price and quality.
1	Not worth it for the price.  I could have had an amazing 5 to 7 course meal with multiple tastings for this cost.  I have buyers remorse.  If the food was amazing I might feel differently, but it was par to any other steakhouse.  If you are going to charge that much it should be the best steak I ever tasted.  The only good thing was we made reservations for a special occasion and they printed menus with the occasion on it and we got a picture taken and printed.  That was cute, but I should have been there for happy hour or just eaten a salad or bowl of soup.  I won't be back...
5	Only been to the Phoenix location. Food great service great ambience great. Never had anything but the best food and service everytime I go. Pay for quality, pay for the experience....or go to outback.......If you read my other reviews you will know I am joking about Outback....
2	All I can is MEH.  For the price point, I thinking the food to die for.  But I can't express how average it was for me.  First, the place was deserted, like two other parties in the whole joint. Huh....interesting. We went to Morton's to celebrate a friends birthday. They did it right with personalized menus and confetti on the table.  Hands down it was awesome. The gesture is pretty awesome since most places don't come close to that.  I ordered a salad and the filet mignon tacos. I was that hungry.  The salad was cool.  The tacos you get more of everything else but filet, and should be called tacos of condiments hahahaha. The filet looked like beef jerk or barbacoa.  For me the best was the berries and cream.  Absolutely amazing!  Just overall not impressed with the price and selection.  Maybe I partial to my favorites.
4	great stake as any other high end stake house, anything special ... I dint think so
5	I have everything good to say about this Morton's.  Been to just about Atleast one Morton's in all the state's they have them because its my favorite steakhouse. Everything was on point from valet to the cook. Our server cant remember his name but very patient with my two friends that never been to Morton's.  I would definitely go to this location again.
3	Let me start by saying that the food isn't bad at all.  But, when you are asked to pay the amount that Morton's charging, then your standard is elevated.  For the price that I paid, I expect to be wowed, and sadly that wasn't the experience.  First, the staff and service was very adequate, not too intrusive, just the right balance, and they were friendly, we were asked by different staff members if everything was fine, which it was, but it wasn't great.  The meal consisted of a Morton Salad, Mashed Potatoes and an 8 oz Fillet Mignon.  The salad was large enough for 2 people, but  unfortunately, it was poor.  It was basically, Romaine Lettuce, chopped eggs and blue cheese dressing.  That's"s it!  Not  tomatoes, no cucumbers, no onions,  not even lowly croutons.  Tasty, but very average.  The mashed potatoes were good, tasty,  had a slight taste of sour cream and chives. Not bad.  The steak, the entire reason I'm here.  It was not bad.  I ordered medium rare, the marinade seemed a little a sweet for my taste, and I want to say, might have a hint of teriyaki, but I'm not a 100 percent certain.  Not my favorite combination, but it wasn't horrible either.  When I pay 40 plus dollars for a piece of steak, I expect it to be so tender, that the knife goes through it without much resistance.  The first couple bites were almost perfect, but the more I got to the center of  it, the chewier and tougher the steak got.  This steak should be tender throughout.  That was the most disappointing.  Overall, it wasn't a bad experience, but based on other similar steakhouses that I've eaten at, this should have been better.
4	My fiance and I came here to celebrate me getting a new job and I went through the list of Bookmarks on Yelp trying to find a place. We opted for here since I'd never been. We've been to Mastro's several times, Flemings, and the like but I had my two choices down to Morton's and Dominic's at the Quarter. My finance used to come here a lot several years ago and raved about their food so even though it had a lower rating on Yelp, I decided to give it a shot. Made reservations on OpenTable the same day and all time slots were open and I was glad to get our 7pm reservations so easy. I noted that we were celebrating a new job in the notes.We arrive about 15 minutes late due to some late traffic but check-in was easy. The valet outside is free if you are eating here (with a tip of course) but we did have to wait for another car in front of us to pay $6 since they weren't eating here. I was surprised walking through the double doors at the decor. It felt a little bit like walking into a Sizzler from when I was a kid. The doors were old and it didn't get me too excited about what we were in for. The decor in the rest of this place was okay...big shaded lights hang from the ceiling and they have the U shaped booths lining both walls that I have mixed feelings about. They're a major pain to get in and out of but they're nice to cuddle up in if it's just two of you.They had our table ready for us and the hostess was friendly. When we were shown to our table there was confetti on the table and on the top of the menu it said Congratulations. I thought it was a nice touch but wasn't overly surprised since I had made a note on our reservations. When I didn't have too much of a reaction my fiance asked if I noticed it and when I said Yes, he told me that he had called ahead and asked what they could do for the celebration. In addition to the decorations, the hostess came back and took our picture and presented it later in a nice paper frame that said Congratulations on my new job. I thought it was  a nice touch.We were promptly greeted by our server and while not overly smiley, he was nice and genuinely seemed interested in our special occasion and even checked out our picture later. After giving the menu a glance we opted for the chopped salad and $17 crab cake as starters, a 6oz filet cooked medium plus, a Cajun seasoned ribeye, cooked medium rare, with the creamed spinach and twice baked potatoes au gratin for sides. They brought over a loaf of the onion bread and while I initially thought I wouldn't like it since I don't like onions, I tried it and thought it was amazing! I could have easily eaten the whole loaf! Our chopped salad was really good though I thought the bacon was really crunchy. It did say bacon bits on the menu so I'm guessing that's how it's supposed to come. The crab cake was really good but there was only ONE about 3" in diameter. While good, for the money we'd definitely skip it next time. And then our steaks came out. Standard white plating with some garnish on the side. I was really surprised when my filet came out and it was thin...no more than an inch thick. I'm accustomed to steakhouses at this price point to be a thick cut of meat usually 3-4" thick. I cut into the slightly thinner side and it was well done but had good flavor and was tender. The further I cut into it, it was more medium so it was okay but I still couldn't get over the thin cut of meat. When we were asked by our waiter how everything was, we mentioned about it being overcooked and he did offer to cook another one but really, the flavor was good and I didn't want to waste the piece of meat. When I had three bites left, the manager came over and offered again to prepare another steak for me and that he wanted us to be completely satisfied. He was really nice and he seemed really genuinely interested in our satisfaction which is probably why I'm giving them 4 stars. The other reason for the four stars is for the potatoes! They were delicious! I haven't had too many carbs in the last three months and these were divine. So cheesy and cooked perfectly and while they weren't thin like a normal au gratin, I thought the chunks were unique. My finance's steak was cooked perfectly though and he enjoyed it. I will say I'd skip the creamed spinach. Wasn't my favorite. We were also given a complimentary chocolate suffle for dessert and while I've never had one before, I thought it was really good! Light and fluffy and not too filling after eating nearly all of the potatoes :)One other really nice gesture was our waiter picked up our valet card and had them bring the car around for us so it was waiting outside when we left. EVERY valet place should do this! While the steak wasn't ideal, the other items made up for it. I won't hurry back but I wouldn't hesitate to come back for that bread and potatoes!
5	I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere of morton's. I loved that they printed unexpectedly Happy Birthday on the menu for the person I took out on their birthday. The staeks are great i would recommend the porterhouse cut. The chocolate lava cake is the best!
1	Second rate food, and poor management!Six adults, Birthday celebration. Steaks were overcooked, and somewhat gristly. Seafood was prefrozen, and reheated, but not properly. Rubbery bacon on scallops, small shrimp cool inside. Service was good until they screwed up the bill. Contacted Chicago Head office, couldn't care less.Do yourself a favor, try Mastro's instead.
5	Fantastic service and absolutely amazing food. We will be coming back again to enjoy the steak and lobster. The deserts are just way too big! Oh my gosh! Also the coffee us amazing and the wine list is superb. I highly recommend this location.
2	Since moving to the Phoenix area our Morton's experiences were limited exclusively to the Morton's restaurant in the Phoenix Biltmore neighborhood.  That restaurant was absolutely lovely - intimate setting - a very quiet and "club like" ambiance.  Unfortunately that location is closed now.  Shortly after Valentine's Day my wife and I thought we'd give the Kierland location a shot.Talk about a night and day difference?  The floor area of this location is much larger and the tables are bunched up right against each other.  The evening we were there the atmosphere was noisier than a Texas Roadhouse family steak house.  The service was extremely rushed and indifferent.  My wife received an incorrect drink order twice in a row and we were served each other's entrees (same cut - different temperatures).  I was disappointed that my medium rare rib eye tasted more like medium until I noticed about half way through that we had each other's order.  I suppose these sound like nits - but when you drop over $300.00 for a dinner for two you expect commensurate service and quality.  Fortunately with brands like Shula's, Flemings and Ruth's Chris we have many other options.  Too bad - I used to love the place.
1	Still havn't heard back from management.This proves my point, they could not care LESS!Perhaps we should all spend our hard earned money elsewhere?
4	My wife and I joined friends for happy hour here the other evening and I was very impressed with the price of drinks and selection of bar food. The steak tacos were delicious and the ambience was excellent. This is a place where you can come and interact with others and a nice break from noisy bars.
4	I attend a lunch seminar here so my review is not based on a personal dinner or lunch experience. The steak was excellent and prepared perfect. Very upscale and great seafood items on the menu if you are not a meat lover.
5	Had dinner here tonight for Father's Day. Beyond great service. I had the Father's Day special, that came with a Caesar salad, filet mignon, a side of my choice and a desert all for 59$. The filet was delish, so tender and savory. Mother loved the baked 5 onion soup and the veal chop. Dad had center cut prime ribeye and he LOVED it. Now on to the waitress, Jane was not only very attentive, but she was hilarious as well. Many very polite servers and I believe managers were always on deck. We, not for a minute, felt unattended. Now on to prices: for four of us and we each had a full on 3 course meal, as well as wine, margaritas and 3 shots of Hennessy with desert and coffee came out to 430$ including a 50 dollar tip. WELL WORTH IT! Great restaurant, I'd recommend it to those that love restaurants such as durants, Donovan's, Dominique's, brio etc. quite similar.
4	Since my original review of the Scottadale Morton's I have been in touch with both corporate Morton's and the local restaurant. Morton's were very responsive and promises to "make it right". Very classy and appreciated by me. I'll definitely be back and can't wait to have another dinner there.
3	Unfortunately overpriced for the quality of the food. I feel like you could have the same items at another restaurant that is less stuffy and old-school than this place.
4	Food: I came here for a sponsored dinner. It came with a salad, your choice of entree, and your choice of dessert. - Salad: Mixed greens, 3 slices of crunchy green apple, and blue cheese: I really enjoyed this salad. The flavors complemented well together. - Chicken: 2 pieces of garlic breaded chicken with a side of green beans and mashed potatoes. The breading was tasty and the chicken was moist. The mashed potatoes was moist and the green beans had good flavor. - Dark chocolate mousse: semi-sweet and light. Good way to end the dinner :)Service: Fast, friendly, and professional. Final thoughts: I would definitely come back here. Food was great, service was great.
3	The manager contacted me after this post and offered to remake my meal. I found out they accidentally gave me crab instead of lobster the 1st time...hence the fishy smell. The second time around the steak was well prepared. Lobster was ok, not the best out there and not the worst. I ate there a 3rd time, and chose to dine in. The food overall was good. Had the Porterhouse topped with crab and asparagus, Parmesan & Truffle Matchstick Fries, Five Onion Soup, Double Chocolate Mousse. The porterhouse was alright, the server asked if we would like it a little blackened...I don't recommend this. It was burnt on the outside and it didn't help the steak. The crab and asparagus topping was very dry and the crab was definitely fishy again. The fries were average, however the five onion soup was one of the best french onion soups I have ever had. Would highly recommend it! The mousse was also really good!So why 3 stars instead of 4 or 5? Mastro's, Ruth's Chris, etc  have a better steak...and overall their side dishes are better. Also, the atmosphere in the other restaurants are more upbeat and nicer decor.
4	This is a great steakhouse. Consistent in each of their locations. The one in Kierland is no exception. Excellent meal and great service. Wonderful steak and seafood.
4	Came here for the partner's birthday and we had a really wonderful evening. The staff was really nice and our waitress was the perfect blend of friendly, funny, and attentive. We both had lobster and filet mignon, split the steamed broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes, and then ended the meal with a chocolate souffle and creme brulee. (So, really, as stereotypical as you can possibly get with a steakhouse dinner.) The steak and lobster were prepared very expertly. the broccoli was only so-so, and the souffle was definitely undercooked and a bit gooey. I REALLY wished they had bruleed the brulee before it was sent out so it had been freshly put together, but it was good none the less. All in all, it was still a very classic steakhouse, and we had a great evening.
2	We went here for a date night.  It was disappointing how crowded the tables were. When we are going to be spending a lot of money on dinner, we would expect to be a little farther away from other people. The bread they give you before your meal is a big onion roll.  It has dehydrated onion pieces browned on top. They serve it with a pretty piped ruffle of whipped butter.The steak was nothing special. The portions are far to big for me so I did not order a steak. My boyfriend got the new york strip and I just had a few bites of his ( we didn't finish the steak between the two of us).  It was ok, I was hoping that it would be similar to Mastro's since they are both part of Landry's, it was not nearly as good though.  I got the truffle mashed cauliflower and the Bacon onion mac and cheese.  I was disappointed in the mac. ( For one the server told us they use powered onion in it- How gross and cheap of them.) It also just tasted like bar food. The sauce was gritty and very orange and not a lot of flavor. The bacon pieces were very crisp though, so that was good. The mashed truffle cauliflower was alright, other than the crusted Parmesan pieces on top it didn't have a whole lot of flavor.  Truffle is usually pretty overpowering.   It was good when mixed with all of the juices from the steak though. They had a classic dessert menu,  souffles, chocolate cake, cheese cake, berries and cream etc. I do not like chocolate or cheesecake though so we opted to go elsewhere for dessert. We probably will not go back here, it definitely was not worth the money or the drive. There are several other places that offer much better food and experience.
2	The service was AMAZING and the highlight of the evening. The food was insulting for the price. Although the steak was edible it's no Ruth's Chris. The atmosphere was very nice as well but I'm not sure how much longer they can stay in business with this quality of food.
4	Celebrated the New Year and appreciate the full menu still offered during this packed night. The Mixed Grill seems like a steal and can't imagine why you wouldn't go for the surf & turf offering. The 6oz filet was perfectly prepared as well as the bacon wrapped scallops. The shrimp were a little over done and therefore dry. Also on the plate was just the right amount of asparagus to say you had some greens. I did also enjoy their chopped salad with greens, avocado, cucumber, onions and blue cheese in a vinaigrette. The sides we tried were okay nothing to write home about. They were crazy busy so I won't complain about the slow service. The remodel does deserve note however. They opened the bar and added much needed seating in this area. They also lightened up the walls with a nice shiny wallpaper. Very rich and well deserved update. Thanks Mortons!
