2	Prices aren't the greatest, somewhere between Fry's and Walmart...I'd rather go to Wal-mart.  Selection isn't too good at this one.  Presentation is only ok most times I've been in here.  They have a red box that actually doesn't see much traffic (awesome).Their fried chicken is the worst fried chicken I have ever attempted to eat.  It tastes like...ungood.  Their rotisserie chicken is good, though.  Those are the only hot foods I've had here.  I've had good customer service, and I've had bad customer service.  Admittedly more good than bad.  But the bad pissed me off so much, I have avoided Albertson's lately.  Both spots at the customer service desk had the 'closed' sign on them, and I needed a money order.  I asked if there was somewhere else I could get one (like at a cashier or something) and he says dryly, "Right here."  It had the tone behind it as though he were saying, "Yeah right here, retard."  I ignored it and told him how much I needed one for.  "Cash only." he says in that same get-hit-in-the-face tone.  I just said ok, and left.  The problem is that I just got a money order using my plastic not even a month ago.  I guess a review isn't a place to vent, but still.  Look out for the jerk with the yellow glasses on.  And they do have some good sales at times.  And I've also never gotten any less than fresh meat here.
2	More expensive then frys. Doesn't carry boars head cold cuts. The store it self feels bleak and gloomy when you walk in. The only reason I ever go there is for the compass bank that is inside of it.
3	I love to eat. And I shop hungry. I know, bad for me... good for Albertsons.
4	they are less than a minute from home..they have everything basically..no complaints :)
3	Albertson's can be a bit pricey, but they have decent sales.  Good meat and produce here, and their fried chicken in the deli is really nice.  On Mondays the fried chicken is on sale.There's nothing really special to say about them, but they are a good grocery.
3	This is a good grocery.  Their produce is generally pretty good, as are their meats.  The rest of the store is pretty much like any other (canned foods, dry goods, soda, etc).  The staff here are generally helpful and courteous.One major 'plus' is that they don't do loyalty cards here.  Tired of trying to find that silly card so you can get your sale prices (which are only for "members")?  Well, they don't do that.The downside is that I find them more expensive than Fry's or Basha's (and about the same as Safeway).  But if you shop the specials you can get a good deal, too.Oh...their fried chicken is really very good.  Better than any of the other grocery stores we've tried, and honestly I like it better than KFC (though KFC has gone in quality down the past several years).
4	always clean, well stocked, nice staff, quick checkout if you don't get the older lady in the Express line... yes, seriously, avoid her - she is 5x slower than the regular line.
2	Prices are okay. Their bakery section is not good, so don't go there and expect to find a nice loaf of crusty bread. Plus the store feels dirty.
5	We went in for a quick few items. There were a couple people in each line getting a large amount of items and we only had 3 things. The manager Jerry opened a register himself and checked us out. I really appreciate that type of service!
