5	I love that they know me here, I feel like my bank actually cares...I know it's weird but I trust them!
5	I started going to the tempe location in 03.the employees are amazing to work with.no long waits.I,be developed good relationships with more than a few of the bankers,always nice and friendly,the ac helps.Haha.I can't think of any other place I would go.im over dealing with Bofa.sch/luck.and I have accounts with chase,but I never go in there stores,weird I know,ok,im done,stay classy yelpers
4	It's been a few years since I was member of ACCU but I didn't leave with bad experience.  Far from it.  I just needed a CU that was a member of the CO-OP ATM Network.  Since I'm out of town a lot, I wanted the ability to deposit at an ATM and CO-OP offers that. Yes, ACCU is a member of Shared Branching, I just needed that little extra they didn't have.
1	Don't go here for your banking. Their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent. I wanted to get away from the big banks because I'd heard that the smaller banks, like credit unions, were better. So far, they are no better. In fact, the customer service at Bank of America was WAY better; at least I could get a live person whenever I needed it. Reaching a live person at the credit union is next to impossible in my experience. My impression is that they prefer that you either take care of what you need through their automated system or use email, which sometimes just doesn't cut it. Their response time is like molasses. Another thing to beware of is fees. You must read the fine print. I didn't know that I would be charged a $10 per month fee if I didn't sign up for their E-statement program. Basically, they are charging you $10 per month for a paper statement. Last I knew, stamps cost .50 cents and a sheet of paper maybe .5 cents. I don't know what kind of labor goes into printing and automatically sending a statement once per month but I do know it doesn't cost $10, since everything is automated these days.  Also beware of their Popmoney fee. I tried using the service without success and was forced to cancel the transaction. Lo and behold the next day I was slapped with a $32 fee (it looks like they were treating it as a stop payment on a check.) Nowhere was there anything posted about this exorbitant fee. And again I ask, why does a fee need to be leveraged when everything is run by computer? It just seems greedy to me.In closing I would like to say that this credit union is making me regret my decision to leave BofA. At least BofA, as long as I fulfilled my contractual obligations for the account (ie kept a balance or used direct deposit) never charged me any fees.Moral of the story: Research banks before you leave one and join another. Hopefully my review will help you make the right decision.
1	Horrible business practices.  I had accounts for a couple of rental properties.  All I did was deposit checks and send an electronic mortgage payment each month.  I tried every which way to stop getting a paper statement yet they kept sending them and charging me for them even though I didn't want them.  Plus I was also getting charged $5 a month for each account.  When I asked the condescending (male) teller about the fee, he said all banks charge this.  I immediately closed all 4 accounts and found another credit union that actually seemed to appreciate my business and not want to nickel and dime me.  If you open an account, make sure you know all the fees.
