3	On friday, the day before the Vegas Loves Brazil Festival, I saw a flier advertising it as being $5 for admission.  It cost me $8.  I suppose because I did not have the flier with me and I did not purchase my ticket on line.  When I got to the event on Saturday afternoon I knew it was going to be crowded as I had to park at the farthest reaches of the parking lot and hike in.  It was crowded.  Too crowded if you ask me.  The ampitheater at the Clark County Government Center is a big enough area perhaps for concerts but not for a festival like this.  All of the venders were set up along a side walk making it difficult to tell where each line led. I stood in three different lines and was there in those lines for the 1 1/2 hours I was there.  The first line was for a not so cold $4 Coors Light that I chugged before it got too warm.  The next line was for food.  I got two chicken kabobs and some fried dough ball with chicken inside.  I wanted one beef kabob but the beef was not cooked yet.  So chicken it was.  Those 3 pieces of food for $15.  Was it good?  Yes.  Was it worth $15?  Not at all.  Anyhow, I stood in a different line as I ate my kabobs.  My next purchase was a three meat sampler.  It was bowl with a sausage link, a piece of bacon wrapped chicken, and a piece of grill sirloin.  All this for $7.  That price was easier to swallow.  So after standing in line for an hour and a half and eating some tasty but pricey food all while listening to some pretty good drum heavy music from the stage, I hiked back to the car wondering if it was worth it.  It was good for an afternoon food outting but not so good that I would care to go to again.
4	I saw an ad for Vegas Loves Brazil Festival on Livingsocial sometime last month and immediately bought the deal.  The deal was 2 for $45 and included admission, six food & drink tickets, t-shirt, flag and cd.  Not bad for $22 a person.  I knew it there was going to be plenty of people there, but fortunately we found parking.  When we got there I had no issues with my deal and received everything, even a t-shirt in my size!  When we went inside, it was like South America hit the desert!  The smell of food in the air, live music playing, people dancing, laughing and having a good time.  My mom and I took a stroll to see what other vendors were there.  Vendors included Texas de Brazil, Via Brazil, Hawaiian Shaved Ice, Rio Soul Heineken, Acai stand, jewelry, apparel and more.  All of the vendors were posted on the sidewalk, and the space was limited.  Lines were very long and there was difficulty  distinguishing what line was for what vendor.  Since we had the food tickets, we could only use them at certain booths.  Since I don't eat meat anymore, I had pizza, which used up all my tickets -$6.  It was pretty good, and really big.  My mom ate Brazilian food, I don't remember the name, but one of them had a similar name of Pasteles, which is a Puerto Rican dish.  Wrapped beef and fried, then there was something else which was a thicker breading with chicken on the inside.  My mom said she really liked it and said it reminded her of home, only it was a little bit too crunchy for her.  We ate, chatted with the people around us, and watched the entertainment.The live entertainment was awesome! I loved watching the Samba dancers, they move so fast.  They also had the little ones out there shakin' it as well, which was super cute.  Different bands played and people danced right along with them.  Before we left, Zumba dancers performed and they had the crowd dancing along with them.  For the kiddies there were bounce houses, pony rides and they had a kids samba dance off.  There was act after act and no down time.All in all, we had a great time and came home trying to samba dance to the cd we got.  I can't wait for next years event, till then, I'll be playing the songs on my iPod.
3	This year was the 1st ever Vegas Loves Brazil event and it was very nice. The location for the event was perfect and ample parking. The main stage they set up had great entertainment and they did an awesome event for the children...they taught them how to samba it was so cute. The activities for the children were great with all the different bouncy playhouses. The adults however not so much but I am confident over time there will be more food vendors and other adult options. I look forward to the future Vegas Loves Brazil events.
4	I couldn't wait for this festival!   It is pretty cool how this went from a picnic in the park to a huge festival.  We cut our time at Pet-A-Palooza short and resisted all the good food there to come here.  Parking and getting into the event was not a problem.  There was a bit of a line to get in but we already had tickets so we didn't have to wait.  The kids immediately saw the jump houses and couldn't wait to jump.  We did a lap first thinking we could grab some food and eat while the kids jumped.  There were only a handful of food vendors and all the lines were so long you couldn't tell where one line ended and the next started.  Way to long to try and wait if you have little ones with you.  I guess they didn't expect such a big turnout?  I'm not sure but it was disappointing.  I was looking forward to some Brazilian grub.  I ended up just getting a water and Guarana soda and sitting on the grass while the kids jumped.  The entertainment was great.  There was always something on the stage.  It never stopped which was nice.  Other festivals seem not to have enough entertainment or big breaks between acts.  I am looking forward to next year.  Hopefully the organizers will work out the growing pains and get more food vendors and have them in a better area in the venue so it is not so congested.  I do respect that they stuck to Brazilian food unlike other cultural festivals (ahem..San Gennaro).  Maybe they can recruit some out of town Brazilian vendors for next year.  Either way I will be back to show support for this up and coming festival.
5	Top notch Festival they will be even bigger this year at the Rio hotel.Good for the whole Family
3	This was the first time I have been able to attend the Brazilian Festival and I have been wanting to come now for a long time. So glad I came because I will not be returning next year.The location is great, there's lots of space and parking available. They have the stage set up in the middle where they give great performances and have plenty of room where you are able to dance along with them if you want. They also have plenty of retail vendors and of course a small somewhat decent play area for the kids. The food however, well I am very disappointed in that. Not enough food vendors, I believe there was only about 8-10 vendors. The Only vendor I recognized was Texas de Brazil, I did order their 3 meat sampler for $7, which of course was juicy and tender as I know their food is delicious. As for everything else, well, not impressed. I also ordered my Caipirinha for $6, which was ok. All I'm saying is that for being a Brazilian Festival they should really have more food. The entertainment is good, the kid area can definitely improve. My suggestion, get your tickets through Groupon as you get a great value to attend and it won't feel like a waste of money when you too feel disappointed.
