4	Culver's is a mix between fast food, family restaurant, and custard stand.  It looks homey from the outside, but inside you order at the front counter like any fast food joint.  They're famous for the Butter Burger, so Hon got a triple, and I got a double.  They were delicious!They're called butter burgers because the buns are buttered and grilled, and that adds both fat and flavor!  The burgers are thin and they're seared, giving them caramelized crispy edges. like an old fashioned diner burger.  The fries were good, too.  Not thin and greasy, like most fast food.  Everything was cooked to order and came out fresh, delivered to our table by the wait staff.Culver's is also known for it's custard.  We finished with Concrete Mixers, frozen custard with candy or fruit add-ins.  I got vanilla custard with Oreo.  Standard combo, but the flavor was great.Overall, it was a good experience, and I'd definitely go back again.  I'd like to try some other things on their menu, but I don't know if I can resist  those burgers!  This isn't the place to choose if you're trying to be health-conscious, but for an occasional indulgence it hits the spot!
3	I love Culver's from Illinois, but tonight when we went into their location there were 6 or so high school aged workers awkwardly yelling at each other rather loudly. They were obnoxiously making fun of one guy for "flooding the custard machine".  Someone was shouting to the front about an order. Meanwhile, we stand there waiting and watching an employee slide and hit the custard machine because the floor was wet. I nearly turned around and left; however, I haven't had their custard for about two years, and needed my fix. I hope a manager or owner can get their employees in shape and presentable for customers soon.
5	Bomb bay ! everything here is good.
3	Ive been told this place is like Smashburger.  I gotta tell ya.  I like Smashburger better.   Not to say this place isn't good.  it was delicious, really it was.  But for me it was just another burger with fries and nothing that amazing.Would I go again? Sure..  but only if friends wanted to go and I didn't feel like whining about going somewhere else. Do get their cheese curds.  Those were yummy.
4	Butter burger and vanilla frozen custard.  'Nuff said!
1	I guess its better than McDonalds, I was still hungry after their delux burger and FF,if there is no place to eat late at night it beats burger king and mcdolads.
3	Just ok...but I've only tried the dessert stuff.
5	Food is good to the tummy. To me this is better than in and out burger. Place is spotless,  friendly service, and wide selection.
4	OMG!!!! I think I just had the best burger I ever tasted!!! My first time here and it was pure heaven!!I love In-nOut Burger too, but Culver's puts their burgers in a different arena!The staff and service at this location is awesome!
4	Culver's is probably as good of a fast restaurant that you can find.I love their burgers, but really wish they didn't put the pickle on top of them. That just looks silly and I think I am going to start ordering mine without the pickle on top.I have had mostly good experiences at this location, although they have messed up my order a couple of times and once the ice cream we got was so awful that we had to throw it away. We suspected something was wrong with the machine on that day.In any case though, the food at Culver's is a lot better than at other fast food restaurants. I also love that they give out coupons with fairly good values.
4	We went last night.10% of total revenue went to the school and it was PACKED, as expected because Sundance parents/grandparents are the best! Anyway, what was pleasantly surprising was the accommodating service!! We threw away our coupon on the bag for a free cup of ice cream but the server at the counter was willing to give one to us anyway!! We decided on a bigger size but still, she offered! Cleaning off the tables only to have another customer (us) patiently waiting yet still with a positive attitude and not stressed! Made for a wonderful experience for the grandkids PLUS they now like Culvers! (the promotion works Culvers!) It wouldn't have been a first choice to take the kids to, usually won out by McDonald's or BK because they have play areas, but they liked the buttered buns and the ice cream and all the burgers!! We will be back! Hope you decide to do another for Sundance :)
5	Burgers are always fresh, servers are always friendly! Prices are a bit steep but this place is as good as Five Guys...
2	I went to a Culver's in Wisconsin and I remember it being yummy. We were in Peoria and drove about 20 minutes to come here only to be disappointed. Fish sandwich was blah.. the bread was not very good. maybe we should have had the butter burger?
5	Best burgers
5	Awesome food and great customer service, unfortunately it's rare to have someone greet you at the window with a big smile on their face and it's a genuine "how are you today?" Love it!!
5	Wow. This place is awesome! Delicious burgers and amazing Ice cream and custards. The butter buns used with burgers are so tasty!
4	Custard style ice cream? I am now completely spoiled and no trip to DQ will cut it. The husband keeps telling me we need to have some of their ice cream shipped up here-I keep explaining that it won't happen. The food is take it or leave it IMO, but even I was a fan of the bits of ice cream I had on my two visits here and definitely a super fan of their banana milkshake which could indeed bring all the boys to the yard. Damn right.
2	Not great in food or in service. I came in way after lunch and they had 5 tables filled. Food was blah but service was awful and I even said hi to mgr and she said nothing. First time at a culvers and will probably be my last
3	Good burger, kinda greasy.. Decent customer service, foods kinda pricey. Good place to go after church, walls are littered with bible quotes. Considering the amount of butter in the burgers I'd consider visiting only once in a while. Don't get me started on them cheese curds.
2	I liked my burger and my short shake. Didn't like the gnats and flies. There weren't a ton of flies and gnats just enough to annoy while eating.
3	I give 3 stars just because its my 1st time hear.         The staff are friendly     Vary understanding in our time it took to decide what to order.  I will be back.    For some one who has not been hear     Come check it out
1	When the rootbeer float I ordered imploded all over my freshly washed/vaccumed car...the girls says "yah that happens a lot when you put the straw in, do you want more napkins" wtf!!!!! Uh seriously, I threw it away in front of her, she offered zero replacement, even tho 2/3 were on ground & car! Even though I had just spent $20 on sandwhiches. Zero help, except: do you want more napkins" Idiot!!! I have never left a bad review anywhere until now. Disgusting customer service. I will never return to this location, even if these sandwhiches turn out to be tasty.
3	Went there the other day with high hopes of their burgers...was very let down. I feel I could've gotten a better tasting, more flavorful, less chard burger across the street. Their lemon ice is amazing though, and the kids love their single scoop ice cream, so I'll give them that. But very disappointed from all the great things I had heard prior.
4	Culver's is a family favorite!  The cheese curds are like no other & the food tastes fresh!  My favorite is the fried chicken & mashed potatoes, although I ALWAYS have to wait nearly 20 minutes it is fresh. Not exactly sure why they don't keep more available but it's worth the wait (even if they get irritated for making me wait). As if I'm the only one who ever orders chicken??  The custard is yummy & I like that they do a flavor of the day. Usually pretty tastes.
3	Very good food. Their custard is so creamy and they have so many options for flavors and toppings. The employees are less than enthusiastic and the drive thru takes forever!
4	Met up with a bunch of sweet craving friends.  I got the health concrete mix (small).  It was good and just enough.  My order came out quick.  A couple of folks with us did not get their order until we are almost finished.  They had to bring the plastic number and receipt up to the counter.  They should not have forgotten since there was only a few people in the store.
