5	A friend of mine loved Franco's so much that a group of us decided that instead of getting him a birthday present we would get him 'store credit' for fish and chips here. Whilst he also wept with happiness, I've forever suffered the guilt of watching his waistline expand...Franco's is a brilliant Fish and Chip shop, the kind of place that they make you wait for 5 or 10 minutes when you arrive because they're just cooking up a new batch. This means you never suffer the curse of eating a piece of fish that has been sitting under the heat lamp all morning. The fish is always fresh, crispy and delicious and better still you get two pieces in a supper. Two! I'm still yet to find a chippy this good anywhere in London!
4	Franco's Chip Shop serves great food and the owners are as pleasant as you'll meet in an Edinburgh chippy.  The first time my friend and I went we had a battered sausage and fish supper respectively.  Whilst we waited for them to be fried to order Franco and his colleague were forced to ask a drunk women to leave.  For about five minutes she was a mere nuisance but when she claimed 'there's somethin' wrong with your batter' Franco was tipped over the edge.  Unfortunately she was right.  My friend and I both conceded that the batter, although crisp on the outside, was too chewy and almost like pastry.  The chips, however, were excellent and the quality of the sausage and fish was also outstanding.Despite the disappointing batter, Franco's Chip Shop offers great service and food to those who just can't be bothered cooking and those on a ravenous rampage from a night out.
3	A good chippy, but not a great one. I appreciate that they nothings left under the lamp for a great length of time, but when the produce you start off cooking is cheap it doesn't matter what you do with it.Drinks are a little overpriced here aswell. Walk a few blocks down the road if you can wait.
4	Not only is it named after one of my favourite dictators, but Franco's is actually not all that bad a chippy at all. I must disagree however, that chippy food that's been under the lamp isn't that great.When it comes to a king rib or chicken, the more shrivelled up and dried out the better in my book. If it gets to the lukewarm, e-coli cultivating stage though, I'd rather one straight out the frying pan.
3	Ok, call me old fashioned, but I have one favourite chip shop in the whole wide world, and to me anything else just doesn't meet the standard set by it. This kinda includes Franco's....but not exclusively!! They sell good things, it's a chippy so has all the usual, the staff are alright, and the prices are pretty reasonable....but it's just not my chip shop. To be honest the fish wasn't the best the last time I had it, but hey, wasn't a bad try.
2	Franco's seemed to be the last stop of our drunken retreat back to our student halls at Sciennes while I was in first year, and it soon became recognised as the source for a "guaranteed stomach hangover". My main gripe with Franco's is the lack of freshness.  I've had too many suppers that have been sitting out under the lamp for most likely hours.  I'm a fan of my puddings, and on the few occasions I've had a black or white pudding supper, they have been extremely dry and tasteless. The batter here is also far too chewy.  What's worse, after a certain time, they refuse to cook you anything fresh and will only offer you what they have already prepared. The chips are OK, yet have a tendency to be too soggy and certainly nothing on the nearby competition. The prices are not too bad, however given the quality of what you are paying for, you're much better off forking out a bit more and going to one of the other nearby chippies (Newington Traditional Fish Bar on the next street for one). The one saving grace is the large portion size of the fish supper, giving an excellent fish to chip ratio. Aside from that however, probably one to avoid unless the purse strings are tight.
4	Franco's is a great takeaway conveniently on the way back from town, coming towards Marchmont. It is cheap, does great greasy food and the guys there are good fun. It is a dirty little place, with the food often left under the heat lamp for ages but somehow still tastes good. The sausage supper is good, and you get two sausages, as opposed to only one in most other chippies. The haggis, fish and burgers are also pretty average. Everything, as you'd want with a Scottish chippy has had the hell battered out of it, but when you come back late at night you don't mind.As well as fish and chips they do loads of different pizzas and kebabs. The kebabs are not great, but the pizzas aren't bad. If you can't decide between the two, go for the awesome doner calzone, which is so so good when you have it, but you will pay the price the next day as it plays havoc on your stomach.Open later than the other takeaways around, Franco's targets the drunkards, and with really cheap prices and good greasy food it succeeds. You could do much worse
4	Yummy fries with that sauce...Sorry Scots, chips and sauce. Whatever you know what I mean! =)
4	Consistently the best chip shop I have visited in the New Town and I am quite fussy about my fish and chips.I have had fish suppers, sausage suppers all the usual fare and the chips are cooked to perfection, the fish is always crispy outside but beautifully cooked inside (never been greasy) and everything else I've had tasted great. The produce doesn't sit under the lamp long, often I've had to wait 5-10 mins but it's always been worth it.Also, I've had pizza there several times and it is really good and reasonably priced, especially if you get a larger size for an extra few pounds. Proper Italian style oven baked efforts, super tasty.There is a chip shop much nearer my house, but I much prefer making the effort to go to Franco's.
5	A Stockbridge institution! Great food, lovely service! My favourite is the sausage dinner! My regular for our monthly indulgence!
