5	An interesting bit of history.  My curiosity about this landmark was finally satisfied as I became a Master Gardener and volunteered with classmates to help Jason replant the garden.    The rehabilitation of the house is underway, but the tour of the gardens is definitely worth the trip.
5	If you have ever been curious about the castle at all do yourself a favor and hop on over to the City of Phoenix Parks and Rec Website and sign up for a tour of the Carraro Cactus Garden. Tours are Saturdays and are $15. You will learn the about the history of the property (including all the urban legends), meet the master gardner who is restoring the cactus garden, and get a peek inside the Tovrea Castle (they opened all the first floor doors and windows for us). There are plans to create a visitor center for the castle and gardens. They would also like to allow special events like weddings, etc. Learn a little Phoenix history while helping to restore this Phoenix landmark! Sign up. You will not be disappointed.P.S. Bring your nice cameras. There are some amazing photo opps on the tour!
3	My family and I arrived at Tovrea Castle and Carraro Cactus Garden in the late morning on a Sunday.  We saw that the gate was closed.  We called the number on the gate and sadly found that due to the current economic state, the park has been closed and no tours were available.That was such a shame because this looked like a beautiful, interesting place to visit.
5	The Tovrea Carraro Society was recently formed to take over the operations of the castle tours while the property remains owned by the City of Phoenix, The tours are set to begin in mid-Febtuary 2012 to coincide with the Arizona Centennial. Check back for more information in a couple of weeks. www.tovreacastletours.com or call 602-256-3221.
4	The Birthday Cake Castle is now open for tours.  Having grown up in Phoenix and just down the street from the castle I had many grandios ideas about the castle.  I was fortunate enough to tour the castle this year when it opened.  It is a great tour, however it is my reservation only.  Call now for a tour next year as they are booked up through the year.  It is a must see tour when coming to the valley.
4	It took 4 months from the time we made our reservations until our tour date, but it was well worth the wait.  Until more folks get on-board with volunteering and as docents, and more funding is made available, you will need to plan ahead to see this unique attraction. Just learning how and why this unusual building and cactus garden were designed and built piece by piece and how the two families who "lived" here used it makes for fairy tale dreams. A lot of "stories" of the house on the hill are in the fables of the Valley of the Sun, but many are just stories with no real history to them. But there are real stories that will curl your toes and make you wonder why and how. But you'll have to take your own trip to the Tovrea Castle at Carraro Heights to learn the mysteries . . . I'm not telling tall tales!
4	My husband and I, born and raised in Scottsdale, are guilty of not exploring some of Arizona's best points of interest.  So back in October of 2012 we purchased tickets for a tour of Tovrea Castle and Carraro Gardens on 3-3-13.  You need to plan ahead for this tour, because it books up months in advance.  There are only 15 people per tour, and it's closed in August due to the heat.  The tour lasts 1 3/4 hours and starts with a ride up to the castle in golf carts, with several stops along the way.  The docents tell you about the history of the immediate area, how it was landscaped, and how it came to be known as the Tovrea Castle.  You then tour the first floor and basement of the castle, where the family spent most of their time.  (Here I wish we had a little more time because they have information boards about the history of the rooms.  We didn't have a lot of time to read.) They can't take you to the top floors because the rooms are so small, they can't be made accessible to the disabled, as well as due to fire code restrictions.  At the end of the tour, you are in the basement where they have a very small gift shop that supports the continuing renovation of the castle. From there you ride the golf carts back down the hill to the parking lot.  This is a great way to spend a couple of hours - for tourists as well as locals.   Just plan ahead!
5	I went online looking for tickets for a friend and discovered that Tovrea Castle Tours are so popular that 2013 March - May tickets are completely SOLD OUT! If you want to tour this little piece of Phoenix history you definitely need to plan ahead!2013 Tour Schedule:January - April               8:30 AM & 11:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunMay                                  7:30 AM & 10:30 AM           Fri, Sat and SunJune - July                     7:30 AM                                 Fri, Sat and SunAugust                            ClosedSeptember                    7:30 AM                                 Fri, Sat and SunOctober                          7:30 AM & 10:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunNovember - Dec           8:30 AM & 11:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunPLAN AHEAD FOLKS! PLAN AHEAD . . .
5	When the Tovrea Castle opened for tours I was as anxious as any Phoenician to see the place to only discover tour tickets sell out months in advance. This is still the case so I took the docent training and am now leading tours and I love it.Here's a couple notes for those interested in touring:-the tour is about 2 hours and there is no bathrooms after leaving the visitor center.-for fire safety guests only get to see the basement and first floor. There's nothing really to see on the second and third floor since it never opened as a hotel in 1931 as planned.-70% of the tour is the grounds and cactus gardens although the updated docent guide is allowing guests more time inside the castle.-volunteers are needed in all aspects of operation, please sign up.
3	Three stars because we were not able to see it since they only accept online tours thru their website. And from to this day (Thanksgiving Day 2013), the  next available tour will be next year January. Wonder why this is so popular? I'm so curious now.
5	I had viewed this place from the freeway so often and had always wondered what it was and what is was being used for.  I was pretty excited when I happened upon an opportunity to take a tour and find out.  That was when they first started doing tours but from what I understand now, they are a bit harder to book.  I just checked the website and they are indeed booked through June.  All I can say is, it is worth the time so make an effort, you won't be disappointed!  The tour lasts approximately 2 hours and starts off with a little video.  The video was pretty good and explained the history of the Castle and a bit of Phoenix History.  You get to go into the castle and it is really pretty awesome.    Like I said before, I always wondered what this place was and I had no idea of its significance to the area before.  The people that work here are all volunteers, so help support and take a tour if you have the chance.
