4	This gets the award for one of the craziest names.  Wang and King.  I lol everytime I pass by.  The lunch specials are super cheap and come out within minutes of ordering.  They also serve sushi which is fairly good and well priced.  It's a good place to go when you have a hankering for Chinese.  And they have no problems whatsoever with splitting checks.  (always a plus!)
3	It's not a bad place to grab lunch on that side of town, it's clean, the staff is attentive and the food is decent.
3	So far this is probably one of the better asian places in my area. I have not been impressed with the competition thus far and I was pleasantly surprised the other day when we got take out from Wang and King. We ordered the orange chicken and a seafood stir fry. The orange chicken had large pieces of chicken and the orange sauce seemed to be made from scratch. The seafood dish actually had better seafood in it then the seafood I have received at fine dining restaurants in the area. It came with a good sized lobster tail, large shrimp, and scallops. The only thing I was no crazy about with the seafood dish is they put in imitation crab meat. Imitation crabmeat does not belong in a dish with all that other great seafood. I am looking forward to trying a few other things on there menu. They have a few thai cuisines on their menu as well they I am going to try soon.
4	$2.75 for pretty much any sushi roll on the weekends and they are quite good. I don't know what else to say... I'm a fan.The atmosphere isn't much to be desired but if you're going here - its about the cheap sushi and I'll say that it is both cheap and tasty.
2	Wang & King was okay, just okay, which was kind of a bummer.  Now, we did not eat sushi, so maybe that is the draw at Wang & King.  There were several people around us with sushi.The menu does have some interesting choices, with sushi, chinese and thai dishes.  I ordered a thai dish, which I was a little nervous about since I figured that probably wasn't their speciality.  It turned out okay.  It was tasty and generously sized (enough for two meals) but nothing I will crave or make a point to go back for.  Hubby chose the combo option with soup, rice and main dish.  The price was really fair (around $8.00 believe), but the portions were pretty skimpy.   Our food took a long time and they were not that busy.  Not sure if it was what I ordered or if this is typical.  The service in general was sufficient, not surly or rude, but our drinks did sit empty a little too long and no one was overly friendly.All in all, I am sure there are better places to spend your money.
4	Their sushi is delicious.  I love the dumplings too.  The entrees and fried rice are average.
2	I ordered take out here last night. Two items. Chicken and Shrimp with Broccoli and Empire Sushi Roll. The portion size of the Chicken and Shrimp with Broccoli was very decent. Half the togo box was rice and the other half was the sauteed dish, with a spring roll on the side. There's something very distinct about this restaurant's sauce. I couldn't quite figure it out at first, but then I realized what i was. The sauce is not your typical brown sauce that restaurants use at other Chinese Restaurants. It had a red hue to it.  As I ate, I realized that the distinct taste was ketchup. This was a ketchup based brown sauce, and it tasted pretty good. I also counted 5 pieces of jumbo shrimp. For the price, this was very good value. I would give this Chinese dish 4 stars. The Empire Sushi Roll on the other hand, was a huge disappointment. It's supposed to have spicy tuna on the top, and salmon in the middle. The tuna part tasted like mush. It was rather disgusting. After the first one, I didn't know how I was going to finish the other 7. However, realizing I've paid $8.95 for this roll, I didn't want to waste any of it. I tried and tried, and finally chowed down 3 more pieces, before throwing the rest away. If this was purely a Chinese Restaurant, I would give them 4 stars. Because their sushi was so horrible, I have to give them a 2 star. Stick to your strong suit, Wang and King!!
3	Half-price sushi is the way to go - for fresh made good rolls and nigiri, this is the place.  There are a few others in the area, but none as cheap and unassuming as Wang King.  The different puns the name affords are also worth the visit.  Ambiance isn't superb - normal piped in music of chinese/japanese origin, a few booths and tables, never a ton of people.  Some things can look bad, like the blinds that just seem to get grungier.  The normal meals and plates that I've tried are usually just OK - the sushi is where it's at.  I could do soup and sushi here every week, no problem.
5	My husband and I love Wang & King Asian Cafe. Although, we have never actually been to the restaurant, their delivery service is great! They always come on time. In my opinion they have the best chinese around the area. There is so many things to select from, whether you want sushi and miso soup or chicken and broccoli and wonton soup - the lettuce wraps are really good too!!
2	We ordered delivery from Wang & King last night.  We got the following: Spring Rolls, Dumplings, Thai Red Curry Chicken and Lemon Chicken.  The Spring Rolls were great, even though the mustard wasn't hot.  The Dumplings were decent, however the dough was extremely thick.  The This Red Curry Chicken tasted like seafood and was disgusting.  The Lemon Chicken was decent, however the chicken was over cooked and dry.  I would try someplace else if I were you.
4	We found Wang and King Asian Cafe by mistake but it was such a good find! They have Chinese and Sushi, including weekend sushi specials which include buy one get one free and rolls $3.00 and under it's worth it! The atmosphere is nothing special but hey....we're there to eat so what really matters was how did the food taste!!!And the food was super yummy! We ordered the Chicken Fried Rice which was full of flavor and chicken. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it came out hot!We also ordered two rolls the Fairy Roll and the Crab Tempura Roll. Both were delicious! The Fairy Roll is yellowtail, salmon, tuna and a special sauce then it gets  deep fried!!!! So delicious! The special sauce adds a nice kick to the roll and is full of flavor! Very nice additional to the roll! The crab tempura roll was also very good. I've never had crab tempura but I really enjoyed the way they cooked it and created the roll! I wish they would have put some of the special sauce of the roll but still this roll tasted great.Overall this was a very good place to stumble upon and I look forward to not only trying more of the sushi but also the Chinese food!
3	It is convenient but don't expect too much. It is your basic Chinese restaurant. The sushi is comparable to Harris Teeter.
4	W & K is my go-to place for Chinese.  Great chow at a cheap price.  The sushi is very good, and inexpensive.  I love this place!
5	I have been a customer for years, and love this place.  The people working there are so nice.  I love the sushi, and think the beef with broccoli and the shrimp fried rice are so yummy.  Over the years, I have tried many items on the menu without anything turning out badly.  This is a small thing, but at the end of the meal, the staff serves the most delicious fresh orange wedges.  I love going here for a relaxed meal where one does not have to dress up.  The staff never rushes the customer.  You can sit and chill with your friends for hours and enjoy.  Also love their delivery service.  They kept me happily fed a few years back when I had Shingles for a couple of months.  So glad  W & K is near me.
1	I have just endured THE WORST sushi of my life at this place.  Ordered the spicy yellowtail and spicy shrimp, 2 each.  The yellowtail roll had nothing but crunchy filler in it.  It had absolutely not a hint of fish smell, taste or texture to it.  Making matters worse, management offered me initially a 10% discount on my NEXT order.  After being told that all sushi places cut back on their yellowtail due to the high price, fully admitting that there was hardly a scrap of fish in the roll, they offered me a full refund on the 2 uneaten rolls, but would have to charge me for the dog food I accidentally ate.  Bad food, bad management, worst sushi ever.  Don't visit unless you are one of those that are on the fence about eating raw fish...if you are one of those, by all means order the spicy 'yellowtail'.
4	We've been coming here for years. The quality is consistently good, particularly for the price. My main criticism is the wait staff. For some reason, they are incapable of keeping good staff on hand. Sometimes this causes a longer wait time, but you simply can't beat the price. Try the sushi sandwich as an appetizer.
5	Good sushi, very nice staff, amazing prices.  They give crunchy wonton strips while you wait and they are just really friendly.  The sushi is where it's at..we always order way too much and i just can't stop eating it...so good.  I'm sure there are other places with better choices, etc, but none match the overall joy i get from coming here.  Just a good place all around.
2	The service is HORRIBLE. Food is okay.. My last choice if I want quick sushi. They always mess something up.
1	I came here on a rec from a friend who works in the area. I tried some Chinese and some sushi. I had the Spicy Tuna roll another roll and neither one was good. I eat Sushi all over Charlotte and honestly this was the least fresh and worst I have had. Do not come here if you are used to good sushi. If you are used to bad sushi, this is your place. The wonton soup was good but nothing else was worth it. I will not be back and I will be sure to tell everyone I know to stay away.
1	Wasn't a big fan. Service was not up to par and took an unusually long time.
2	I'm giving this 2 stars only because the food is decent (most of the time).  The service, however, is HORRIBLE. Several times myself or my husband has gone in to pick up a takeout order, and the guy with the ponytail takes payment but does not retrieve the food. Then another guy, when you inquire about if your food is ready, asks for payment for your order, which is just sitting there, getting cold. Ridiculous.  Also, it's a bit grimy in there. I do not like seeing dead bugs in front of the door.
3	Visited yesterday for the first time. The sesame chicken and fried rice weren't good compared to Fortune Cookie II. The sushi on the other hand was delicious! I had the tempura crab roll. I'll definitely be going back for the sushi but not for anything else.
5	I come here quite often for sushi and at times for Chinese food but either way this is my go to place for sushi and Chinese food on my side of town. The servers are nice and quick. It's a nice little place for some quick sushi or Chinese food. Out of the nearest Chinese restaurants I'd recommend this place.
1	I usually just come here because the sushi is cheap . I had tried the chicken with garlic sauce and it was surprisingly great . I've been here before and usually the service is really horrible . This time around it was decent . Just horrible service , HORRIBLE .
1	I had paid $30 for the delivery order including $5 tip and I regret every single cent of it !!!! The fried wonton is literally fried wonton skin! There's no cheese filling whatsoever!! The lunch combo fried rice taste off like it was cooked like 2 days ago or something. The meat taste like fried mystery meat with sauce. The breading of the orange chicken is not crispy at all nor the sesame tofu , it has a chewy soggy breading. The sesame sauce has no flavor it just taste like syrup! Ugh I want my money back !!! We couldn't eat anything that we ordered so we end up throwing everything away. What a waste of money ! Sorry I would not return to this place .
5	The Wang & King is one of the first restaurants I ate at when I moved to Charlotte so it seemed appropriate for my first yelp review.I love the sushi at this location, the special rolls are beautifully plated and standard rolls are 25% off when you dine in. Since I was just out of college when I moved here finding affordable sushi was exciting!I rarely get the Chinese options here, because I am such a big fan of their sushi but what I have tried has had huge portions. If you don't like sushi I would try their Thai red curry, but only if you like a good amount of spice. In three years, visiting about once a month, I have only had bad service once. Otherwise the service has been extremely attentive!
1	I USE TO go here a lot....always left a good tip 15-20%. But my LAST trip there, killed it with bad service again!!..... -___-. Ordered the usual sushi and chicken on a stick. Got my sushi but no chicken, no refills nothing..... asked about it and was told it's on it's way.....didn't get my chicken till I was about to leave. Won't be going back anytime soon bad service 3 times back to back!?....pft
2	The food is okay...Went there today, had been several times, asked for separate bills,the person I was with also asked for separate bills, the waitress came back again with the bill, she had written what the  amount was on the SAME bill, after asking twice for separate bills?  Said she could split it up between cards (we were paying cash?), finally I asked to see the manager and got the separate bills we had at this point asked for three times.  The food is fine, I guess, but what is the problem for having separate bills, also did not get refills on tea....or asked if we wanted or needed them.
