4	Eadie's is a great little place to stop in and pick up a tasty bite for lunch during a busy workweek.  A cup or bowl of hearty chili packed with juicy roasted tomatoes always warms me up and lifts my spirits on cold winter days. The chicken tortilla soup is also a good choice - perfect amount of spiciness!
3	I get food here once in a while - it isn't bad. The selection can be shotty if you get there late in the day but overall I think the food is pretty good. I'm not sure why Yelp lists the neighborhood as the Hill District, this is downtown.
5	First time I had Eadie's was at work and they ordered a cake. Delicious! Stopped in for lunch and had the peppered steak with rice and a Mancini's roll. Can u say hooked?  This is some of the best peppered steak I've ever had. Tender and seasoned to perfection. They only have it on Thursday and my waistline is happy about that.
5	A couple of years ago a co worker told me about this place called Eadie's Catering & Market and about how delicious their cakes were. She started to bring me a different slice every payday. I can't remember what slices of cake they were but, I can tell you that they were absolutely delicious!Fast forward to 2014. My birthday was getting close and I couldn't decided where to get my cake from. I'm not really a big fan of Moio's in Monroeville and I had, had Oakmont Bakery cakes every year for a while now. Then I remembered Eadie's Catering & Market in One BNY Mellon Center and how good their cakes were. They offer everything from basic cakes, cheese cakes, brownie or cookie cakes to specialty cakes and even specialty pies. I got my hands on a cake menu and made my order a few days before my big day. I went with the Raspberry Delight Specialty Cake (White cake with white butter cream icing and raspberry filing between the layers of cake.) OMG!!! Let me just tell you that, that was one of the best cakes I have ever had in my life. Everything from the moist cake to the incredible icing made this cake spectacular and my birthday even better!
1	The prices are the main reason I'm giving this establishment such a low rating. I work in the building they're in. A deli sandwich, poocorn, and fruit cost me $13. I could have gone to nearly any restaurant and had a full, sit-down meal for that price, tip included. The food was fine, but due to the prices, I'll never go again.
4	It's a nice convenient place to grab breakfast or lunch on your way to the office. My main complaint was they require a $10 minimum purchase to use a credit card. So basically you need cash on you to go here. That was really the only thing I didn't like about the place, other than that the food was pretty decent.
