4	Good donuts ... sometimes the selection isnt the best and the service is sometimes better than other times... the girls talk on the phone most of the time so when you go in you feel likes you're interrupting them. Which is bad, I was going to get more donuts but i felt like i was a bother so i only got two... shame shame
2	The atmosphere seemed nice. Interior and exterior is clean and well maintained. The day was lightly drizzling, at 9 am would have expected to see more locals in kibitzing. Small lot which would accommodate 4-5 cars. Other local shop is closed on Monday's and Tuesdays so though I would give this a try as a friend recommended. I ordered 3 donuts - pumpkin, snickers and chocolate coconut. All 3 were cake donuts, my favorites. The exterior was soft and not fried crispy as I like this type of donut. Batter not very memorable. Toppings were very pretty and tasted nice. Overall not better than what you could buy at the local gas station. Will not go out of my way to stop here again. If happen to be driving by (unlikely) may give them another try.
2	Big Daddy's Donuts, what a weird and wonderful place. The people who frequent this place at 7 am are a collection of colorful people from the Crafton area. Let's start with the lady who walks in still wearing her robe and slippers, the old man who sits at the counter and complains about everything from his neighbors, the people who park in front of his house, even though he doesn't own a car or drive anymore, and the police who took his chair that was preventing people from parking in front of his house. Actually come to think about it, this is the first donut shop where I've yet to walk in and see a cop. Maybe Crafton police are health conscience. Good collection of donuts and a great cinnamon bun. The coffee is so-so. Funny I normally would pick a family owned business over a chain, but in this instance I choose Dunkin Donuts over Big Daddy's. Two stars for the entertaining customers, you can't get a better show at Heinz Hall!
4	I work in a high pressure office where we barely have time to refill our coffee let alone get breakfast, so when we found out that Big Daddy's Donuts delivered, we were all over it. These guys have always gone out of their way for us, even bringing extra treats like cinnamon buns and muffins. What's great for us is that they take orders at 4:30 AM, so by the time we get going, the donuts are already waiting for us. Not only that, but the donuts are always fresh and sometimes even come warm.My favorite donut so far has been their sour cream glazed donut- yum. I've also enjoyed their Heath topped chocolate donut, the Oreo style donut, and their chocolate donut with chocolate frosting and chopped peanuts- it tastes like a Reese's cup. Their cinnamon buns are fabulous as well. The cream filled donuts are average, and the sugar donuts are just okay, but I would say on average, most of Big Daddy's donuts are above average.Also, I have visited the bakery, and the front of the store reminds me of a 50's diner. There's a long counter with turquoise stools and high top tables along the windows. The guys answering the phone keep threatening to start serving sandwiches, so I'm sure those will be a hit with the patrons there.It's nice to know that there is a local business putting out quality products that rival their big corporate competitors.
5	Fresh and delicious. Nice service.
4	I wasn't aware of just how good Big Daddy's Donuts are until I brought three dozen of them into work a few weeks ago.  The donuts went quickly and received quite a few compliments (as an aside, they should really be printing their name on the box for some good marketing!).  They have the standard fare but also include the quirky as well (the fruity pebbles donut was a hit).  The selection seemed a little sparse when I walked in (6:45 am on a Wednesday) but was still good enough to please.
3	24 hour donut shop that also sells homemade sandwiches and GREAT coffee. prices are decent and the atmosphere has that  fun donut/coffee shop feel. the workers seem nice most of the time as well.
5	love love love big daddy's. my boyfriend and i came here after hearing that they had the best donuts in town. we were not disappointed!although the donuts were awesome (i recommend the butter crunch and crafton angel), we were really impressed by the pepperoni rolls! hot and fresh out of the oven. their sandwiches are also really awesome.the owner seems a great guy and always takes a second to chat with us and makes us feel like regulars... and now, i believe we are regulars!
4	This was only my first time here, but I'm a fan already.  I think I need to make Donut Mondays a tradition so it sucks less to drive into Crafton for work.I got an Elvis donut: bacon-maple frosting on top of a banana-cream-filled donut.  It was heavenly, though a little sweet.  I'd like to have some actual pieces of bacon sprinkled on top to add a little saltiness or some dark chocolate to cut the sweetness.  The dough itself was light and the perfect combo of crunchy/crisp exterior with a light, heavenly inside.  I wonder if that's how the Crafton Angel donut got her name.  I didn't actually look at the menu boards to see the full offering, but there were also Danish pastries and muffins in the case.  The price is also reasonable ($8/dozen?!) though they're well worth more than that.The woman behind the counter was so friendly and there was a gentleman sitting at the counter (yep, a counter, like a true diner) who was a regular customer.  Both were pleasant and I would have stayed to chat longer and actually look at the menu, but my work schedule would not allow the chit-chat.  Maybe next time I can get here earlier - they're open 10pm to 3 pm the next day (usually 24 hours, but the weather got in the way of that).Also - is it doughnut or donut?  I insist on the latter.
2	Get the children out from behind the counter. They were pawing all the cookies! Gross! Got two breakfast sandwiches that were about as good as I make at home. Very mediocre overall. Usually I like a family run business, but the whole crew was there, one was working, and it just wasn't a pleasant experience overall.
4	I've already been here twice, and I'm sure I'll be back.Both times I came mid- to late morning, and there was still a pretty good selection. Their donuts are moist and fresh. I tried a sugar donut and a glazed donut. Both very good. My husband enjoyed the chocolate cake donut. Donut holes are good too. Cute and clean coffee shop to have breakfast, or pick up and take home.
5	Great selection, friendly staff, fantastic food! Can't say enough about this place. Make sure to check this place out. Carnegie coffee also carriers their donuts if you can't make it all the way to Crafton.
5	Hey, I LOVE this place!   It's my 2nd home!   I come here not just for donuts and the wonderful muffins, but for the atmosphere...it's home!   Stacey behind the counter is the best...she has become a friend, and I love coming here 'cos everybody knows my name...lol!   Whether I'm passing by on my way to work, or coming out of my way on a day off, this is the place to be, and to be seen.  My husband loves the gigantic apple fritters!
