4	I love Bi-Lo Butts......Pork Butts that is, just for my own Famous BBQ.I am not a big fan of Bi-Lo, but when it comes to friends and family wanting the absolute best BBQ, it must come from here.....Here's why:They offer the correct sizes needed to feed a small army, with just the right amount of fat content to slow cook this bad butt into a wonderful piece of food art.Bi-Lo prices are much better than the competitors and seem to offer this piece of meat on specials a little more frequently than others.The service is friendly, but again, I only shop here for the butts.I find that they do offer a good variety of meats and other goods, but the butts are hands down the best value.  They do offer a butcher on site if needed for any choice cuts you may need.NCFoodGuy
4	About me:- New to NC/SC area- Student budget- Veg/Vegan - Healthy eatsLike with any grocery store, you have to go to their website and check out the weekly deals and online coupons. I love grocery shopping. I find it super fun. Because I'm on a student budget I like to stay creative with my food but health at the same time. I'm always on the look out for good deals. In general, items at Bi-Lo are less expensive compared to places like HT, Food lion. However if you're into the whole, organic food diet, then this is not the place for you. Produce selection is limited. Meats look fresh ( I wasn't vegetarian all my life so I still know what fresh meat looks like!). Bakery selection VERY limited. Seafood didn't see much. Limited but good prices!
1	Unless you have no other choice do not shop here.  The store is horribly dirty and the prices are higher then Harris Teeter.  If you come after 10 you can hang out with the manager smoking outside (That's where he always is) or you can buy out of date bakery products.  If you question my review take a moment to go visit the men's bathroom.  It is disgusting and can be smelled 10 feet before you even get to the door.
4	I moved to the area not long ago. Never been a Bilo customer but it's the closest store to my apartment. Only a couple times have I ever not been able to find what I needed. I would like a bigger craft beer selection, but that's not a deal breaker. The staff here is wonderful and so friendly. The store always runs amazing specials. I'm very happy with my experience here and will definitely continue shopping here!
2	Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... But not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ...
2	Close by grocery store ... Open 24 hrs - but count on it ... If you have a need for something specific - there's a good chance they will be out of it or have discontinued carrying it ... This place is not dependable for the real groceries... Go to Harris Teeter or Trader Joes for that ... This is good for creamer or milk or eggs ... Maybe ...  Also watch the cashiers - famous for over charges and not giving credit for coupons even after they're mentioned to them ... Most definitely pay attention to your charges !
