5	Amazing food! Staff was really attentive and did not let my drink go empty. Bathrooms were really clean and the house music made for a really cool environment. This is definitely my hang out spot from now on...
5	This bar was so nice. Very chic and trendy with a Christmas-y feel for the season. We were greeted at the the door by either the owner or a very dunk man but either way it was nice. Then we took our seats at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and quick with our drinks. I didn't order one but I was told by my friend that it was made well. Unfortunately we had already had dinner because the menu looked AMAZING. Sushi at a bar? Don't mind if I do! This place was cute all the way down to the bathrooms. Literally...they are downstairs. Colored LED lighted stairs. I'd love to go back and try some food and drinks. They had some great drink specials. The s'more one was especially cool considering the bartender lit the drink on fire. One day I'll try it all and update my review.
5	Tried the Cajun chicken and sliders.  Both were great but sliders were really outstanding.  Loved the ultimate dirty martini also.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Love the bar, Todd did well opening in a damaged location.Good bar food, quick service, great company and atmosphere, very happy with the additon to the south side.
4	Sliders are worth going there for, awesome pretzel buns.. Spicy chicken app was also good. Considering the cost of our drinks and the clientele  they definitely need a signature cocktail menu.
3	Not quite sure here, I know the place just opened not to long ago so I hope it does well but my girl and I stopped in for drinks Saturday night around 9pm. The place is nice and clean inside. Wasn't very crowded at that time so we grabbed some seats at the bar. The bar gives off a comfortable vibe with the green, blue, and pink neon bar lights lighting up the liquor bottles and the walls had a plethora of big screen TV's all tuned into ESPN. I was kind of disappointed, the Penguins were on, but every TV was turned to ESPN... I wasn't going to make a fuss out of it asking for a channel change though. We did not order food but opted check out their cocktail menu instead. There really wasn't anything special or unique that caught our attention on the drink list so my girl got a Hendrix Gin, St. Germain and cucumber cocktail, and I got a Vodka Martina with a few big blue cheesed stuffed olives which were very good. I watched the women that waited on us make our drinks and she kind of  seemed like she didn't know the bar well. There's was only a handful of people in there and we waited quite some time for our drinks to come after ordering. She kind of botched the gin drink when pouring, only half the glass filled up so she poured some more gin in the glass just to fill it up. Like I said I'm not picky so I didn't care, just noticed for those that might. What I did care about though is when we cashed out after two drinks my bill was $24. I kind of think that's a bit pricey for a place like this so I was pretty turned off. I understand they are trying to cater to a nicer uppier crowd but for that kind of price I'd rather go to a nicer restaurant/bar in town. I'll suggest you check it out though if your in the mood for something new and wanna take your girl to a nicer more quieter place on the south side.Happy eatings my fellow Yelpers!Yours truely, The Shaw...
3	Cool vibe. Sliders were WAY to salty. Will definitely go again to give the food a second chance.
2	I don't even know where to start when describing my experience at this Diesel-esque, Bro'd out, East Carson night spot. I realize this place is new but dear lord.. it is suffering from a serious identity crisis. I walked in last week and was immediately drowned out by comically loud club music. Generally speaking I don't have any problem with that whatsoever, but it was a Monday at around 7 pm and there were maybe 5 other patrons inhabiting this place. When I surveyed the scene I saw that the owner (I assume he was the owner) was basically just giving orders and bro-ing out with his bro's over a steady regiment of shooters.  I also noticed that all the employees seemed to be sauced as well. Keep in mind these people clearly aren't MENSA members to begin with so a day filled with booze and bro-stuff likely wasn't helping already negligible speaking and breathing skills. Took a look at the menu and some stuff looked interesting. One of the supplement addled bro's "working" behind the bar dropped a few bro-like adjectives when making his recommendations. We got some "killer wings" and a few sliders. Wings were just okay, nothing out of the ordinary but certainly not bad. The sliders were actually pretty quiche (yuengling infused.. i think?) Just a completely regrettable experience from start to finish. I'll be charitable and give this ex-frat boy's trust fund experiment (perhaps a large generalization but it really can't be all that far off)  an 8 month maximum shelf life. 2 stars-- 1 for the sliders.. and another because the waitress behind the bar was wearing these yoga pants that were.. just great. it was quite literally the only thing stopping me from taking one of the bartender's Winni syringes, driving to the north side, and facilitating the purchase of a lethal dose of fentanyl laced opiates.
4	We called ahead and made reservations for a group of about 20.  Well, this is not a place for a group of 20 to eat dinner at.We had fairly slow service at first, and a lot of confusion about the table-set-up, but in the end the restaurant and lounge left us happy!All the food was amazing.  Honestly, I loved the flavor and texture of the calamari and all the food was well proportioned.  Even the tuna was done just right - nice and seared but very rare in the center.  Everyone at our table was very happy, from the sliders, to the tacos, to everything in between (did I mention there were 20 of us?)_The drinks too!  I had a dirty martini with blue cheese olives (I had to ask) and an Elderberry martini with fresh flowers in it.  Very classy and both martini's were above average.It'd be a great date place and my only negative is that it isn't a restaurant for large groups.
3	Here on a Friday night...When we got there the place wasn't crowded at all. However, I was impressed by the caliber of bar-goers there. Some 20 somethings, but mostly 30 somethings. The drinks I had were just ok. I tried the edible flower martini (which is awesome in theory), but it was too sweet for my liking. I had a sip of my friends apple something martini, but didn't like that either... Lol. My friends had shots, but I didn't participate in those. The atmosphere was nice, and so were the servers. I would have tried the food, but we ate before we got there. I'm going to have to give this place another shot!
4	The Cajun Honey Fried chicken was so delicious. It had the amount of crunch, drizzled with Cajun BBQ and honey.  They honey sets it off!!!  You get a descent amount also.  In addition, I had their steak fries which had red vinegar drizzle...yumm!  Overall, it's a good place where you can eat well and have fun with friends!!!
2	Overall I didn't have a good experience here. The place has nice decoration and lighting but the food was really bad. I had 2 drinks, frozen sangria was OK, and then coco roco (coconut martini) was so sweet I couldn't even drink half of it. Me and my friend ordered the mahi mahi tacos and the burger. Burger was too greasy and the plate was decorated with caramel sauce which tasted weird with the burger.The taco didn't taste like anything but SWEEEEEEETTT salsa. I couldn't even taste the fish.
3	I wanted to really like this place, but I couldn't.  I visited on a Thursday night and there was a dj spinning heavy gangster rap which didn't fit the upscale-ish vibe of the bar at all. The bathrooms were gross and damaged - neither stall in the women's room locked,  the soap dispensers were mangled, the toilets didn't want to flush.  BUT The drinks were all right and the service was great. The owner was there, meeting patrons and he was very friendly. It was the atmosphere that killed it for me.
1	Where to begin? We started out as a couple, ordering two drinks and a side if fries to start. So far so good. When our two friends arrived, everything began unraveling. We ordered a second side of fries (the fries were pretty good, and large) with our companions' drinks (beer and martini). We ordered our meals, too, but that might have been overwhelming for the young waitress. Although three of our orders came out pretty quickly, they all came before the second French fry appetizer and before the martini (which took at least 20 minutes to arrive). We asked for silverware and napkins and slat and pepper, and we got two out of the four. Eventually my wife walked up to the bar and grabbed the spices herself. About ten minutes after the entrees arrived, the fourth entree (my hamburger) finally was delivered by the greasy, dirty cook. It was hard to tell under the two inches of lettuce, but it seemed to taste fine, though overcooked. When we'd had enough and asked for the check, we got kitchen tickets instead, at first. Once we had the real checks, I was ready enough to leave that I didn't care about being charged for the second order if fries that we never received. The Mac and Cheese was good, but not good enough or substantial enough to be worth $10 for (before add-ons).
