4	Overall, not too bad! Look, it's not the Ritz but neither is it trying to be. I stayed here one night in early August, 2011 and although the hallways had a faint mildewy smell to them (might have come from the pool), I found my room to be comfortable, clean, and well-air conditioned. This place has a pool and a complimentary breakfast, free wi-fi, and is only about 10 mins from downtown Madison. It may look like a typical roadside hotel from the road, but, well...ok it is. But it also is definitely one of the better ones in which i've stayed.  As much as one can be a fan of roadside hotels, I'm a fan.
4	Our team stayed here for Ragnar Relay Chicago 2014. I didn't like it as much as Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison East or Fairfield Inn & Suites Madison West, but it got the job done and was conveniently located for the start of our race.We did have some issue when we first arrived. We were given room keys and told a room number. We tried our key card and it didn't work. When my roommate tried the lock, it wouldn't open. The people at the front desk suggested she may have accidentally demagnetized the card by placing it near her phone. We were issues new cards and they worked.We went out to dinner and upon arrival found another Ragnar group waiting in the lobby because they couldn't get into their rooms either. Apparently, we were in their rooms. We discovered that they told us the wrong room number when they handed us the keys, so that's why they key cards didn't work. The new keys did work, but we weren't supposed to be in that room and they were keeping the other group waiting instead of assigning them to our vacant room. But it all was sorted out in the end and the hotel ended up comping a room for us.The beds were not as comfy as other places I've stayed, but it wasn't bad and we were able to make use of many of the amenities. I took full advantage of the breakfast bar in the morning. It wasn't completely laid out when we woke up, but they had enough things ready that I was able to reheat my leftovers from dinner in their microwave and grab both a donut and banana for the road.I'd be open to staying here again. Next time I need to remember to bring a swimsuit. They have a pool and it's open late!
4	Even with the construction right outside the property, the hotel was quiet. I kept looking to find something wrong, but everything was clean and tidy. The bed and pillows were very comfortable.  Great TV and channel selections.  I would definitely stay here again.
3	So we ware here at 8.3.14 on our way from Chicago to mount Rushmore & we arrived at evening time. 4 adults in a one room with 2 beds.The entrance was lovely & the staff was welcoming.The room was nice & clean except few minor things like the shower head.The parking is specious & convenient. Lot's of storage space in the room.The refrigerator was off & had a strong unpleasant smell.They take triple A discounts. Breakfast was lovely & above average & the dining area was friendly. The entrance felt like a cabin in the mountains because of the fireplace.Would recommend to a friend.
2	A year or so ago, I stayed at an AmericInn Motel in Madison, Wi.   No problems; a standard, clean, bright, modern motel with a couple nice extras (free chicken wings at dinner, for example) and a good price.  Came to Madison again this weekend to visit a friend; chose an AmericInn again (Madison South, on Broadway).   Nice lobby with a big banner: "2014 Property of the Year".  They must be sitting on their laurels.  Started with the really minor: free chocolate chip cookies at the front desk - but severely overcooked, approaching burnt.  Got to our room; looked lovely, but the bed had only a single somewhat heavy sheet (really a double sheet with a thin blanket in the middle) on it.  No comforter, no extra blanket in sight anywhere in the room in Madison Wisconsin in mid-November.  Called the front desk.  They were surprised there was nothing extra in a drawer, but the clerk said she would look.  A few minutes later she showed up with a couple additional sheets, telling us that was all she could find.  We told her we needed more than that; she showed up a few minutes later with a blanket she had located "in a storeroom" - sounds like no blankets were routinely on hand.  At this point we are still at minor problems that are getting addressed.The next morning I showered; water came up a couple inches in the tub; the drain was not working right.  Again - not a problem: things break and that cannot be helped  I called the desk around 10:30 AM and was told they would have someone look at it.   Went out for the day around 11 am.  I was careful to take the "do not disturb" sign off the door.   Returned at 10 pm.  The room was untouched.  Bed not made, room not vacuumed, dirty towels still on the floor of the bathroom and draped over the shower rod.   AND - the tub had not been touched.  Water had eventually drained out leaving scuzz and crud around the bottom part of the tub. When we called the front desk, the response was that there was no mechanical help available on the weekend to take care of the tub.  If this is true, it was something the clerk should have known at 10:30 am when we were told someone would look at the issue.  I guess they are lucky it was a slow draining tub rather than a leak that apparently would have kept leaking until Monday.  No explanation was offered for the lack of housekeeping service.After a few minutes they agreed to move us to a new room.  Given that they knew the tub was not draining and they could not fix it, a new room should have been in place when we returned, if not offered at 10:30 am.  Before we left, we decided we should take the extra blanket just in case.  Good idea - the new room had no blanket anywhere to be found.  In addition, the coffee set up had tops but no cups.Finally, we went to the free breakfast on Sunday, we arrived just before 10 am, which the clerk had told us was the breakfast cut-off. (Nice touch - half and half, not non-dairy creamer.)  Another couple sitting in the area was telling one of the motel employees that the book in the room listed the breakfast time on the weekend as ending at 10:30 am.  When we checked out, we were given a 50% discount on the first night for our troubles, which was appreciated.  The front desk personnel were consistently friendly and helpful. The motel itself was very clean.  However, the multiple problems suggest a pattern of poor quality control and poor support services at this AmericInn location  Every single problem we encountered ought to be fixable with better management,  However, at this point, I expect to look elsewhere for lodging next time I am in Madison.
