4	After some nightmares with Chase, who inexplicably closed the checking account of the non-profit organization for students in which I am involved, I decided to try to take the account to Wells Fargo. This branch is closest to my school, and the banker I worked with made the process of opening up a new non-profit account very easy, and I did not have to file all kinds of awful paperwork that Chase would have made me do. I have not had good experiences at every branch (7th St, just past Camelback, I'm looking at you), but this one let me keep the organization running, financially speaking, with a minimum of red tape. Much appreciated!
1	I do NOT like Wells Fargo banks! I am not writing about this branch specifically, I am writing about EVERY one I have been in within the last year or so. I have a business account here that has myself and my 2 other business partners on it. The only interaction I ever really need to have is depositing rent checks- that's it. It should be so simple, but for some reason it NEVER is! Whether I drive up or walk in, it is by far the longest deposit process of any bank I have ever been to. For reals, it takes me about 5-7 minutes (yes I have timed it) once I am at the teller window. So today, I walk in and hand over my check and my slip. After a looooong pause (and way more typing than I believe is required to process my deposit) she asks me to confirm my home address, NOT the business address on the account. I do it, realizing later that I just confirmed some marketing departments opportunity to flood me with crap mail. Then she asks me to confirm my name... yes my name. I do it. She then asks me to sign the check right below where I have clearly written "For Deposit Only" and the account number. I do it. Looooooooong pause........ more typing. "You're all set, have a great day, sorry I stole 7 minutes of your life" (I added that last part). Wells Fargo, I am NOT your fan! Peace out!
4	I think I have finally found my 'home' with a bank. I have been with Wells Fargo for 4 years. here is my list of postitives and negatives.positives:- 24 hr customer service- great online banking- many locations- text banking- free checking for students-upgraded to the next free checking account and now i get free checks too!- AWESOME savings plans. you can set goals, time limits, auto transfers and it will tell you how close you are to your savings goal. i LOVE this feature.negatives:- you have to have your account number (not your debit card number) when you call. maybe im crazy for not having it memorized but it's a pain in the butt- they charge you for the phone call if they think you could have been able to handle it online yourself( if you call and complain they will usually take care of it)- there is a $10 transfer fee if you move money from your accounts too frequently or if they need to pull from your savings for overdraft protection- when i first opened my account i was ready to start building my credit score but had really young credit and they wouldn't give me a student card without paying a huge down payment first. i went elsewhere to open my first credit card but it would have been nice to have them all on one website. Chase ended up taking a chance on me and I have been with them for a few years now(credit card wise, not checking!) and have been satisfied.
1	I moved here about 6 months ago.  I took out our mortgage with WF and they opened 2 checkiing and one savings account for me, and I was told I would not have any fees associated with this account.  Since that time, I have had to reopen all accounts because of some sort of breach in online banking, and now have been receiving charges for the accounts.  When checking in to it, they are going to start charging me, for no particular reason.  In order to get my free checking, I had to open 2 new accounts to replace one of the accounts, and "jerry rig" 2 transactions per month to go back and forth between 4 accounts in order to do this.  Of course that means new checks, fees for this, etc.  Now I log on to my account to find that I have no access to any of my accounts for past statements, even the ones that did not change.  When I called, the rep acted like I should know this.   They are a very unreasonable bank to deal with.  When I find another bank, I will be moving on.
5	I absolutely LOVE this bank location -- why? Cuz David Cruz is the most amazing banker EVERRR!!! Exceptional customer service and goes above and beyond to help.
1	I have accounts at both Chase and Wells Fargo.  Wells Fargo is a complete nightmare.  Every time I go into this branch I have issues.  When first opening up our accounts the ATM cards we received did not properly line up to our accounts.  Once we got that settled, our online banking did not work.  It took four trips to the bank to get everything working okay.  Now, many times when I use online banking the site times out on me going from one page to another.  Trying to pay two bills took me logging in three times.  RIDICULOUS!!  Hate this bank and will be moving my accounts elsewhere.
4	The turn over rate is fairly high here for tellers but it seems to be for good reasons - they are often being promoted. Very friendly people but this location is definitely a busy one. If you're going to try the drive thru teller I would suggest hitting it before 4:30pm if at all possible. There are only two at this location- the third lane is a drive up ATM.
