2	In a town with a surprising amount of Asian food, it's best to avoid Noodle's take on Thai and Japanese cuisine.  Stick to the simple things like the Mac & Cheese and you'll be much better off.
4	I would never confuse good Asian, Thai, Chinese, Korean or Japanese food with Noodles...but if you're hungry and looking for something filling and delicious, this will fill the bill.  Yes, its a chain, yes, there are better choices, but for the money, Noodles will fill you up and put a smile on...well, it will fill you up.
5	Nice spot for anyone from 2 to 100.....good variety, family friendly.  My personal favorites are the Wisconsin Mac'n'Cheese and the Pesto Cavatappi.
5	Gotta love Noodles.  The pesto is better than I've had at most restaurants- it doesn't taste like basil puree and is used just enough.  It's some of the the only mac that feels like it's actually covered in cheese.  The Japanese pan noodles are thick and spicy.  I really haven't had anything here that I disliked, and it's fast and cheap.
4	I miss Noodles! This was a weekly staple for me in my college days. It's nothing fancy but it is good, cheap, and fast. I wish they would open in Charleston!
3	for fast quick noodles this place is very good. kind of a weird menu (the "american" side contains pasta with marinara and stroganoff). i had the peanut noodles with tofu and it was great. it's nice that they offer small and regular sizes. i could/should have just gotten a small. also nice that they sell beer.
5	been going here since 2000. love the japanese pan noodles.
3	Good lunch option if you're around upper State Street. While I can't give a spectacular rating for this place, I think it's hard to imagine that lunch here would go a completely disaster. I had Bangkok curry noodle while my friend ordered Japanese noodle - which was interesting cross between udon noodle and yakisoba. I guess that's one of the complaints I hear from other people about this place. They have their own interpretation of Asian noodles, so don't expect anything "authentic."Both of our dishes came out very quick from the kitchen. I was very satisfied with the portion, but my guy friend seemed  like he could have bit more on his plate. Nonetheless, both dishes were pretty tasty. I'm kinda curious to try the non-Asian dishes if I ever go there again.
2	I remember when Noodles first opened and I thought it was pretty great to go get a bowl of buttered noodles (kid sized) for like $2.50.  Now, I stop to think about it, and I could buy a POUND of noodles for 99 cents.  The bowl sizes have gotten smaller, and the prices have risen.  Really, prices are pretty ridiculous for the food you're getting.  Plus, I heard from someone that I trust that the place has rats.
5	I also remembered how great Noodles seemed to me when opened.  Still love it.
2	The college student was with seemed to enjoy it. I thought it was okay but I think I could have done better with a 30 cent package for Ramen noodles and some frozen vegetables, and I would have had 5 or 6 bucks left over. Really, it isn't bad food, but like the $10 dish of spaghetti in an Italian restaurant, you can't help thinking that somebody has just pulled a fast one on you an picked your pocket.Why bother. Really why bother? What is the point of this place? Buy a can of soup for $2 and you will feel better about yourself.
5	My first time in Madison, and my first meal was eaten here just now. It wasn't disappointing at all. I got 2 small orders of the pad Thai and the curry soup--both were fresh-tasting and delicious! I could have had a small, but sufficient, healthy meal with  just one. But at $3.95 a pop,, I decided to get greedy and try both. Now I am a bit overstuffed and feeling a little bit guilty by my constant failure at moderation, but happy nonetheless after a tasty, cheap, and wholesome meal, in a city that I'm enjoying, and which I'm  looking forward to explore further!
3	I totally don't understand how this place is considered cheap.  You get a fairly average serving of either a (1) tomato tasting pasta, (2) a mac n cheese, or (3) a soy sauce tasting pasta and a soda and it's over 10 bucks.  That does not seem cheap to me.  Yeah, it's pretty good, but c'mon, it's not worth the price.
4	I love Noodles & Company no matter where it's located, but this one (State St. location) is my favorite. The building they are in is multi-level and you have the option to sit on the ground level or upstairs. I love the upstairs because you have a nice view of State St. Perfect if your a people watcher... in the non-perverted/creepy way, of course.As for the food, I'm pretty much an addict. Most meals are reasonable calorie wise, with quite a few lower calorie/fat options available. I've never had something I didn't like there. While it's all very good, it's not hard to have a favorite. My current favorite is The Med Salad with grilled chicken. I would probably eat that every day if I could.It also helps that Noodles is pretty easy on the wallet. While places like McDonald's are slightly cheaper, they certainly don't offer the all around quality that Noodles does.
4	I think that Noodles & Company is one of my favorite "fast food" chains, right up with Panera Bread. This is a great place for (relatively) cheap warm meal. So far, I've had the Beef Stroganoff, and the Curry Thai Noodles, and can recommend both of them. I have heard from other the Italian dishes here are not that terrific. But, I have yet to form an opinion on that!Overall, I think this is among healthiest fast food you're gonna get out. These places are packed at lunch time, so try to get there a few minutes early for lunch!
3	Noodles & Co is a perfectly good place to grab a quick bite, especially if you have kids in tow.  I eat there regularly.  But I don't love the food.Portions have gotten smaller and the quality of the recipes has declined over time, as they've streamlined their system -- but the kitchen is clean, consistent and quick, and the service is fantastic given the fast-food format.I'd give two stars to the food, and four stars to the format, location and service.
3	I got the pad thai.  For five bucks anywhere else in California, I could have gotten a much bigger and better pad thai with chicken.  But in Madison, I got a decent serving size of vegetarian pad thai, sans tofu.It tasted like pad thai, but the pan should have been cleaned better beforehand. Tasted of like burnt oil residue. Good amount of fresh bean sprouts and peanuts.  The noodles were a little too chewy, but I ended up liking that.  The noodles also could have been cut a bit before-- they were too long to fork through like an adult.The setting is a little noisy, but service is good for a fast food place.
2	really love the mac n' cheese with meatballs. almost too rich, but the texture of the (pork?) meat provides a nice contrast to the pasta & cheese. portion size is fine for any normal sized society. only gets (a somewhat inflated) 2 stars cause i'd rather just say no to their 'asian' dishes than be disappointed.
2	I was disappointed with my mac n' cheese.  Maybe it was just a bad batch or something because i have heard its really good from a couple of reputable sources.  O well, luckily there is no shortage of places to get good mac in Wisconsin.
3	Noodles & Company, I love their entire menu over all... however, just this very one Noodles & Co. on State Street always over cooks my Penna Rosa and gives me a pinch ful of feta cheese.... hm. Anyhoo, Noodles & Company is one of my favorite fast foods, very warm food and inexpensive and you get served asap.
3	very crowded but great view of state street.  All the food is very good and inexpensive.  They bring the food to your table after you order and you can leave the dishes and go when you are done.  No tips required which is nice for us but I wonder if it is nice for the employees.  you could leave a tip anyway.  Clean bathrooms are very important and theirs was good last I was there.
4	The great thing about Noodles & Company is that no matter which one you go to, it's always consistently good. The portions are a little small for my eating habits, but I'm  pretty sure they're the size we should be eating. The qualities having now been listed, I need to point out that, while the regular bowl is listed as $5.25, once you add protein ($2.25), a small drink, and tax, the meal costs over $10 - certainly not an economical lunch option.
4	good food at a great price!
4	This place was pretty good. I had never been to one of these (Franchise). But its setup pretty cool. You pick a serving size. type of noodle and protein to add and they cook and serve. The prices weren't bad at all either. There were a lot of people ordering the Wisconsin mac and cheese I may have to try that the next time. Id definitely go back.
4	We were in Madison on a cycling tour for a week.  We ate here four times because it's fast, delicious and reasonably priced.  They also are very flexible to make your meal any way you want it.  We had the pad thai, spaghetti and meatballs, teriyaki bowl - all were really good.  The people are really friendly also.  They have two sizes and for $1, you can add a side salad.  My husband and I ate for under $20 each time.  Such a deal.
3	I love the food at Noodles. Always delicious, portions are faily large, selection is great. The service leaves a bit to be desired. The last time I was in, there were approximately three occupied tables in the dining room. Every single other table, aside from one small 2 seat table had dishes and food left on them waiting to bussed. We had to ask to have a table cleared for us before we could sit down. Maybe if the restaurant had been busy at the time, it would be a bit more understandable, but the place was dead.
4	Noodles was the first restaurant I ever ate at in Madison. I came with my mom and sister when I was in high school and I've been a fan ever since!It is a chain, which isn't always my favorite, but I am never disappointed when I stop here. Their Wisconsin Mac & Cheese is comfort food at its finest, but they're recently revamped their menu and some of their newer dishes are a little "fancier".
3	What's up with the space-agey soda machine?Seriously...why so many choices? It took me a good 5 minutes to pick out a soda then another to figure out this strange device.  Isn't technology suppose to make things simpler?  Soda drama aside, noods is a great place for fast food when you don't want to feel disgusting.  I love how they take noodle dishes from around the world and hand you dishes with varying flavor profiles. You can really mix it up in there.The space is insaaane. Lots of great tables upstairs with a spectacular view of downtown. And it's cheap. I just want to tip a waiter, but they won't let me.  :(
5	A familiar restaurant when the other local restaurants were extremely packed around 9PM on a Saturday night. Food was consistent to what we're familiar with.We thought the layout was incredibly amazing and give it five stars mostly for this!
5	I was a tourist in the area and this looked like a good place to get a healthy meal that would taste good too. There are plenty of beer and burger joints around but I wanted something healthier. The day before I had a great burger so today had to be a better choice. This was different than any other place. They have a variety of cuisines represented. Some sandwiches, salads and noodle dishes, Thai, Med, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, a little of all. l had the Med, with chicken, mushrooms, onions, spinach, bell pepper, cilantro, cucumber on a flatbread, with soup or salad $5.99. I had the Thai curry soup and also tried the Bangkok Curry noodle dish Small $4.39/ Lg $5.49. The Med had grilled white meat chicken, with fresh vegetables. The Thai curry soup and the Bangkok Curry noodle dish looked like the same ingredients. The soup just had soup over the noodles, and vegetables. Meat or tofu could be added to the noodle & pasta,  and salads. The meat choices, naturally raised pork, Parmesan crusted chicken breast, chicken breast, marinated steak,, shrimp, oven roasted meatballs, and organic tofu for $2.39 to $2.69.Over all I liked the choices, what kind of meat, no meat, size of dishes, and one of those new style touch panel multichoice soda machines. The people were friendly and the service fast.When I got there at about 6PM on a Tuesday nite, there were about 8 people in line to order and it took about 20 minutes from end of line to food. The Med with soup, small Bankok Curry, and a drink for $12.84. Yes! 5 Stars.
5	Awesome as always
4	I love the Mac n cheese with grilled chicken. Get it every time. This location has two levels. Unfortunately I didn't sit upstairs today. That'll have to wait another day since I have to eat quick and go to work. There is a good amount of tables to choose from so that is great. It does get busy during lunch so good luck finding a good seat.
4	This is one of many good Noodles locations at which I have eaten, and it does not disappoint.While the chain may have eliminated my favorite dish (a common experience for me), the options are still varied enough to keep me coming back. There is always plenty of seating at this location, and I am please that they recently added the high end coke machine. I love the flavored dasani waters and the cherry Mello Yello.The portions are always correct, and so far I've always received quick, courteous service. If you are in a hurry for a quick lunch or dinner, I'd recommend stopping here.
3	Food is great. Had a good time at the restaurant.  Only  disappointment was the lady who took our order. She was not at all welcoming. Otherwise overall a good place to have a good food in state street.
3	What the heck has happened to Noodles & Co?! My last several visits to the State Street location have been quite mediocre.I remember way back when Noodles was a new thing. Before they had locations all over. The Pesto Cavatappi was my favorite. Oh man, was it good. But now it's just not the same. The pesto flavor is muddled and not very pesto-y. It's just bland.Yesterday there was an unexpected rush of business around lunch, and you could tell. There was a long line of folks waiting for to-go orders, and my food took longer than usual to arrive at the table. People were grumbling, as this is a fast-casual joint after all. The server was apologetic and nice, and it really didn't bother me much. But my food was cold. Cold, bland pesto noodles. At least the parmesan chicken was well-cooked and delicious. Overall, not worth the almost $9 I spent for it. Perhaps I should check out a different location in Madison to see if they are any better.
