4	Ah, Fuji. I love I love I love this place. Great Japanese food, friendly service, and good prices. The best I've found in Las Vegas, actually. I'll be totally up front about the aesthetics, though -- the place could use some work. Dingy fluorescent lighting, faded plastic flowers on every table top, cheap flooring, and let's just say that thin little mat in each seat at the booths is there for looks more than anything. I find myself shifting from cheek to cheek throughout meal, to avoid numbness. All that aside, I am a repeat customer to Fuji. My friend and I dined there for the first time about a week ago. I enjoyed Combination A, which consists of miso soup or a fresh green salad tossed with ginger dressing (which they offer in a 16 oz take-home container for $4.95), two entrees, rice, and ice cream for dessert., all for $10.50. And it was worth every penny. Initially, I thought, "Well, I'll order this, eat half, and save the rest for a nice lunch tomorrow." Nope. Didn't happen. There was nothing left to take home. Luckily, my friend shared the green tea ice cream, which was EXCELLENT, with me, or I would have popped.The second time we ate at Fuji, which was this weekend, my friend's mom was in town, and we just had to share our new find with her. I ordered tea and miso soup for myself, and shared a rainbow roll ($14.50, but gigantic) and nabeyaki udon with the table. My friend ordered  two pieces of salmon nigiri for herself, priced at $1.30 each. Like I said, the prices are just right for me. And the food is really, really good. The menu is a little limited, but everything we've ordered from it has been fantastic. The server, Mo -- I'm pretty sure she's the only server they have -- is very friendly and eager to share her knowledge and preferences with you.Yum. ,': )
4	I'm just seconding everything that Lindsey said about this place.  It definitely ain't the fanciest digs around, but it's not the type of place you go for the ambiance.  You head to Fuji to get some excellent Japanese good at really good prices.The staff - because the chef's come out to say hi before - are all very nice and attentive.  Once we were seated near their sound system - a boom box (see, not fancy) - and it was a little too loud and we asked if we could turn it down.  They said sure, apologized (although it wasn't anything to apologize about) and brought us a free roll which was way above and beyond what anyone would have expected.Man, now I think I know what I'm going to eat tonight.
5	Oh man, this place is amazing beyond all reason. Once you get past the aesthetics as has been mentioned in previous reviews, this place is simply divine. Amazing Japanese food at really, really good prices. Came in here around 8 PM since Red Velvet Cafe had some issues and were no longer serving food. My friend had not been here before, and it had been ages since I had so it was almost a new experience for us both. The service is A+. The server we had was extremely attentive, and we never had to ask for anything. There were a few other patrons there who were raving about the red bean ice cream (which was a part of my meal, hurrah) but mostly the place was empty, which is a shame, because the food is phenomenal. I ordered off-menu technically. I asked for a veggie plate hibachi-style, and edamame. This came with vegan fried rice (!!!), sprouts, onion, and zucchini on the biggest plate I've ever seen, and a salad with ginger dressing. The edamame was really good and everything came out steaming hot. I didn't think I would finish all of my food but lo and behold, I did. I ate about 7 fistfuls of vegetables in one sitting, plus ice cream. Wow. My friend ordered the teriyaki steak and some sushi, and he really enjoyed the steak so much that he had to slow himself down and enjoy it. Come here if you want ridiculously good food at very decent prices, with service that is hard to match at most other restaurants. I want to shout from the rooftops how great this little restaurant is because it really does deserve all the business in the world. Wonderful dining experience and I will definitely come back again and again.
4	This was my first "good" find in Las Vegas, for Japanese food, over 14 years ago. It's family owned and operated, and the husband and wife are very very nice. In a nothing strip-mall on Pecos and Trop, the interior is well-worn but comfortable. Yes, enjoy those silk flowers on your table, but every once and awhile there WILL be real ones!The food is simple, hearty and VERY tasty. They excell at tempura and their beef or chicken teriyaki are very good. A wonderful treat is their sukiyaki. The broth they make for it is both very sweet and savory at the same time. I've eaten here with my husband at least 50 times in all those years, and have never had a bad experience. I used to live on that side of town and went very often, once or twice a month. They have a teppanyaki grill, but i've never eaten any food from it.
3	I have gone here several times and would recommend you to try it.1.  Homey - Not fancy and definitely family run. Kinda basic, but not bad.2.  Food - Pretty good, I eat Japanese food all over the world and even in Japan. It is authentic stuff, basic home style cooking, not your fancy Americanized Sushi Rolls that are so mixed up you really cannot taste the true flavors.3.  Service - Did I say family run?  Seems like a small family runs it. Not entirely efficient, but certainly not too bad. Just be prepared to wait a bit.4.  Food Selection - Pretty basic, the stuff here is not going to challenge your taste buds or your sensibilities. Serving size....okay.5.  Price - Very Economical.I don't mind this place, and would come back, but I also have other places I would pick first. I give it a 3.5
4	After our fruitless Slider-venture, we somehow ended up coming here on a whim. This place is a small restaurant in an unassuming shopping center. At most it could probably hold about 40 small people, but don't let that stop you from sampling their goods. I found the restaurant charming. The menu is small and there are several versions scattered about the restaurant, including one posted in front of the door so you can see what they're offering as soon as you enter. You can order sushi, selecting nigiri by the piece or from a handful of cut rolls. There's also hibachi, with 2 grill tops available and two options to choose from (new york steak and 2 skewers of yakitori or the steak and 3 pieces of shrimp). You can have steamed rice or fried, and the meal came with a bowl of miso soup and a salad (garnished with sesame seeds at the table). The three of us opted for the hibachi meals, and our chef was a 72 year old oji-san who was very polite. He cooked up our food while talking with us about Japan, joking about golfing & skiing. The food was simple and clean, without the use of MSG or anything weird. As such, it wasn't particularly exciting but it was satisfying.  After our meal, we were given a choice of ice cream flavors to choose from. I had red bean while the boys had plum.They also have beer available!I look forward to returning to try their sukiyaki and tonkatsu, as the food seems very cozy and homestyle. It's a nice little escape close to our home with yummy food at good prices.
4	Probably one of the best Hibachi places I have been to recently! Little slow on service, but you go for a hole in the wall not for speed.
5	Had a great experience. The staff was very nice and they treated my son like a prince for his birthday. The shrimp was amazing, and for the price ($18.95) it was the best hibachi grill I've been to in town off the strip.  The owners are always there and make you feel like family.  The whole staff is very attentive, weather the place is full, or we are the only ones in the restaurant.
5	I love Fuji.  I have been coming to this place for as long as I can remember because it has been my entire life.  Since it is one of my grandfather's favorite places, I have been sat in a highchair at Fuji as well as celebrated my college graduation with friends and family.  The menu is simple, but the food is always solid.  The service is friendly and not as slow as some other reviews suggest.  And the food is totally authentic home-style Japanese.  It reminds me of my grandmother's food - a memory that  has not been invoked by any other Japanese restaurant.Consistent and delicious, you can count on Fuji to fulfill a Japanese craving.
5	Small menu, but awesome tasting simple food. Friendly service. I had the Vegetable Tempura and it was just the right amount of food. Followed that with Mango Mochi, perfect for a summer day. I highly recommend this place.
4	Home-Made Authentic Japanese Cuisine served with a genuine smile and friendly conversation.  Not fusion.  Better. Way Better.Only down-side is the area is a tad on the 'sketch' side for a visiting tourist.  But other than that,   'sake bomb' away!!
5	We originally went in there for hibachi, because it was something we were comfortable eating. Their grill was down so we decided to try some new food and it was AWESOME! Great experience friendly staff!!!
5	I have been to Fuji a few times now and I will be back many more.  The staff is always so attentive and awesome.  They offer the most authentic and delicious Japanese I've ever had and the prices cannot be beat.  The amount of food you get for the cost is unbelievable.They are always offering some sort of discount if you "like" them on facebook.If you haven't tried them yet, do yourself a favor and get over there.  You won't be sorry.
4	After doing a Yelp search for a 'real' sounding Japanese place, the reviews here seemed like it was a sure thing...and thanks fellow yelpers you didn't steer us wrong at all.  Spent almost 8 years in Japan and the 'ambiance' made this place really seem like when we opened the doors we were stepping into a restaurant in Japan.  The grills are still broken, and from seeing the previous reviews it seems to have been broken for quite sometime, they had a TV sitting on top when we were there..so I wonder if they're going to fix them.  I wonder if they get enough constant business to justify the repair.  Well I hope so, because with as good as my steak was cooked in the back like it would have been in front of us, there's something to be said for dinner and a show.  I don't need onion volcano's or to watch them throw a potato in their hat, i just enjoy watching them chop, dice and cook my meal as well as the casual conversation.When we walked in there was a few tables put together where a large group of Japanese people were enjoying their meals as well as a couple bottles of sake, laughing and having a good time.  When we walked in they stopped looked at us briefly and went back about their business (first thing that made me feel like I was back in Japan).  As we continued to walk in mamma-San appeared from the back and told us to have a seat and handed us a couple of menus.  (she was cute and sweet, #2 thing...you see a pattern yet?) The booth we sat in the 2nd to last along the wall the table and seat were to close on one side and almost to much on the other but hey who needs a reminder they shouldn't eat everything on the menu!We ordered our meals, they came out quickly and perfectly cooked.  We both devoured dang near everything on our plate, but it was just the right amount.  As we were finishing our dinner and she was insisting we could find room for dessert an older couple came in and walked to the booth behind us like they'd been there a thousand time.  When the sweet mamma-San appeared she started almost squealing and was obviously happy to see them.  I'm an avid people watcher/eavesdropper in public :) and easily hear what I could imagine as my grandparents talking to an old friend and they had been craving all their favorites and had decided that they would order them all and take home the leftovers.  The proof is in the return customers and people who crave something you serve.  All in all I really enjoyed this place, hope that at some point they repair the grill.  I will be back probably many times.  I think i forgot to mention it was about $50 for two people to have full meals, good home cooked like meals...that's crazy cheap and another reason I'll be back and encouraging others to go to.
2	It alright not much but it foods. Good beer but it needs to be chilled not cold.
5	Love love love Fuji! From the outside you wouldn't be too impressed (Trop and Pecos.. yuck) but the food is amazing, the prices are reasonable, and the staff is amazing. A must try!
2	Ok. I really wanted to have a good eating experience at Fuji. I was trying to avoid the all you can eat Japanese in Vegas. And I tried to to go to a family owned place. There has been serious vote stuffing here. Or food deprived reviewers. So I read the Yelp reviews and 4 and a half stars...I drive there on a Monday...duh, closed. So, we go back tonight- Tuesday. Walk in and the place looks dumpy and stinks of hibachi in the middle of the room (my clothes still reek of it as I write this.) If you're not used to really good Japanese, you probably would not know the difference. But, folks this isn't the place. The waitress took 10 minutes to get to us, another 10 to bring the miso soup, after I asked again. Then, we had the entree come but, the sushi was missing. When it came after I asked for it, the salmon (sake) and unagi sushi tasted like it came out of a freezer. The decor is just sad. The chairs in the waiting area are all seriously stained. The bathrooms are dirty. Small things like this are clues to the experience you're about to have if you look for them. Usually, the Japanese are extremely clean and orderly. If this is Las Vegas good Japanese, save yourself the hassle and go to In-N-Out Burger. In short, I think what happened here is a lack of pride in the food they serve and a white bread customer base that think Benihana's was the pinnacle of Japanese culinary expression. I've been to at least 40-50 Japanese restaurants all over the country. So, I know when it comes out right. On the plus side, plenty of parking at the strip mall.
4	Great Japanese teppanyaki at a great price!  If you are a snob and are looking for a hoity, toity place, this place is NOT for you.  If you want really good food at a really good price - look no further.  The restaurant is a bit run down, but the food is great.  Take a chance!  Service is great and food is great.  The atmosphere is lacking and the "show" is lacking, but I will overlook that for great food and service that is definitely affordable for my large family :-)
4	I'm your average wonder bread from mid America, so admittedly the only experience with Asian cuisine I have encountered has only been with in the past few years. Saying this, I still must attest to the genuiness, warmth, and comfort in not only the service  but the food of this modest establishment. Unable to decide,  I ordered the biggest combo, and I finished every bite.  The tempura.... Amazing... Light and crisp with just the right amount of sinful grease, but for me the real cherry on this savory sundae was the beef teriyaki...tender beef and the perfect kiss of sweetness in the sauce.  Needless to say I finished my plate! These folks deserve all the praise they have received.
4	We've been going to Fuji for years and enjoy it quite a bit.  The food is wonderful, and the owners are really nice.  I particularly enjoy the calamari appetizers.
4	Great little Japanese restaurant. Food is good and the prices are reasonable. If you are looking to impress a date or a business partner, this probably isn't a good choice. But if you want some good teppanyaki and don't want to break the bank, this is a good spot.
4	When my mom was visiting a few weeks ago, she wanted to go to a Japanese restaurant for dinner. It was a Sunday night, so we needed to find something that was open. Fuji Restaurant is close to where I live so we decided to go there. It's a small restaurant, very cozy. There were a few other people there when we went in, but it wasn't busy. The service was excellent. We didn't have to wait very long after we sat down to have someone take our order. The price of the meal included edamame and miso soup and both were very yummy. I ordered the katsudon and it was the perfect serving size and cooked perfectly. The prices were extremely reasonable for the amount and quality of the food. My mom liked it so much that for dinner the night before she left, we returned to eat there again. And she already has plans to go back when she comes to visit again. I would definitely recommend this place to others.
4	Tried Fuji for the first time this evening and it was good.  My table split 3 different sushi rolls, a couple shrimp Tempura apps and we all had ice cream.  The food was good but the service was a bit on the lacking side.  It took a while for waters to be refilled and there was not much ice in the waters.  A minor detail yes but on a really hot day like today it makes a difference.  Would go back and try again.
