5	One of my favorite events is coming up here. GREAT family entertainment and great place to shop . Madison Rock and Mineral Show November 23 and 24 ! There are cool demonstrations and showing large collectionsof rocks and minerals-- Sunday is bargain day!! http://www.alliantenergycenter.com/upcoming-events.aspx?ctl=Details&Mid=447&ItemID=1888
4	This place can house as little of a show as you'd like, or as big...I've been here for a Roller Derby and also the Madison Women's Expo.  Proper amount of parking.
2	I've had to come here for a series of conferences for work. The conference rooms upstairs have very uncomfortable chairs and basic tables. There are very few outlets to plug in laptops, so it was difficult to get things done. The wireless internet is VERY unreliable and slow when it is actually working. Bathrooms are small and not the cleanest I've ever seen. During lunch breaks, there are no options at the Center. There are no places that have food or microwaves and the only vending machines sell drinks at ridiculously high prices.If you are looking for somewhere to hold a conference, I would look elsewhere. There have be better places in Madison that are equipped to host a business event.
3	A decent facility for large-scale events like RV shows, Canoe expos, and professional conferences. - They often charge for parking; rate is typically $6 per event... ouch- There's only one ATM (that I could find) for the entire venue... really?- Limited number of restrooms- Hand dryers in the rest rooms... I think I could blow on my own hands and be more effective- It's *always* freezing in this place+ Good lighting+ Decent sound system (for professional events)+ They host roller derby at times+ It's always clean and nice insideSo... it is what it is - a slightly aged, public arena. Not bad.
1	The only place you can drink beer is inside this little pen, like I'm a damn bull. The beer choices they have are terrible, only two. The beer they do have tastes terrible. Cash only for the beer. Cash only for the parking. Terrible cellular signal. What a dump.
