3	You know the story. A voucher, a mid-week early meal, a catch-up with a friend.I never expect less of a place when they have a voucher on. In fact, it should be the opposite - they should be showing off what they do best. The voucher in question was a pot-tail between two, and two burgers with fries each. Easy peasy.I'm gonna launch straight into the food here as this is where I most let down. I went for the venison (add on black pudding), and Emily H the beef burger (add on blue cheese). After a normal wee wait, we got tucked in. The slab of blue cheese was literally a huge slab, and I had a whole round black pudding on top. I could see that my venison burger had been made with wholegrain mustard, as it showed throughout. This should have lended itself to some tasty, tasty burger. However, mine was really, really dry. Like, really. Not inedible, not a bad taste per se. But just dry. And the chips were quite flavourless even with salt.It's very, very rare that I outright criticise food. And like I said, it wasn't bad. I ate it all. I was hungry and it was fine. But when I know a few other places equally as close-by that do really, really tasty burgers, I don't see myself coming out of my way to No 1 Grange Road for burgers. The staff themselves were *really* lovely and friendly. Great banter. If I'm honest, I was originally going to give 2 stars as I was so disappointed in the food, but the super friendly staff pulled it back up.The bar itself has a nice wee layout with lots of booths around the window - perfect for a small group or intimate drink. It's slightly off the beaten path too, so depending on whether you like a quiet pint, or the hustle and bustle of the Festivals, it could be brilliant or a bit dull.The friendly staff would entice me back for a drink but I won't be trying the food again, which is a shame.
3	I've been in here many a time because of its handy location and decent lunch deal. Soup and a giant sandwich for a fiver gets my vote. This place is never going to blow you away, but it's warm, friendly and the food always arrives in good time. It's never spectacular, and I wouldn't come here for a dinner or proper meal but for a warm, filling lunch I have always been happy. I also wonder if the chef might be a smoker, because the grub sometimes leans towards the salty side...Still, a pleasant wee place that is unlikely to offend any of your senses. Pop in if you need a quick lunch or want a pit stop for some chat.
4	Formerly Bierex, Number 1 Grange Road hasn't changed much since the refurbishment, essentially a paint job and a name change with a few minor changes to the menu. This is a local bar to me though it's usually to eat that I go there. It's good pub grub with a few twists on the menu, particularly the choice of nachos options, there's classics with just salsa,guacamole and sour cream, chilli nachos adds beef chilli, chicken nachos adds chicken and fried peppers, then there's haggis or veggie haggis nachos, both with whiskey sauce and steak strips too in the case of the standard haggis. Also of note is the Sunday breakfast special, two full Scottish breakfasts for a tenner, so find a friend and it's only a fiver each or wait till you're ravenous and go and have two (the offer is on till 2pm on Sundays). I'm not sure how long it'll run for though as it's become quite popular.
3	Nice tartan-based interior design in here now. Not a pub I've managed to visit in any of its previous incarnations but the pints of Trade Winds we had were well kept and the general atmosphere was only let down by them playing one of those cover version cds (like they do in B&Q), rather than the real thing.
