5	This is a very nice Holiday Inn. It is located near the American Family Insurance head quarters building and is about 15-20 minutes from the airport. I gave this hotel 5 stars because;1. It is very clean in all areas2. The staff is incredible and so friendly3. The bar/lounge is comfortable and has good food, appetizers4. Breakfast buffet each morning and coffee bar5. Free shuttle to airport and mall. 6. Did I mention the staff is incredible?
4	i have to say that everything from the service to the area knowledge, to the free breakfast were thouroughly enjoyable at this holiday inn!!i probably won't ever be in this town again as i'm moving to minnesota, but if i do find myself here, i'm staying at this holiday inn.  and i'm writing this review in the hotel business center on their computer.  good stuff.
4	Stayed here over 4th of July with family. Not to many people staying then, so, it's kind of hard to judge if the walls keep noise from other rooms out. Staff is friendly, clean, nice pool and hot tub. Wi-Fi is free. Rooms are small, but comfortable. Price was fair. Breakfast is expensive, went off property to eat. Air conditioning was loud at night, didn't complain, don't know if they could have fixed it . Madison is a quick 10-15 min drive. If your travels take you to Madison, I suggest checking this place out.
4	I really wanted to love this place, but I left not that impressed.  There were a few highlights:1. The room was quiet (a big plus)2. The staff was unbelievably friendly (another big plus)3. Parking is easy4. LocationA few things detracted from the experience:1. The bathroom was cramped and the door wouldn't stay open on its own, which meant that the AC didn't properly cool it.  Not a big deal, but annoying2. The gym temperature had to have been about 80 or 90, which clearly isn't something you want when you're sweating profusely anyway.  When I told someone about it they seemed to take it seriously and said they'd look into it.3. Breakfast was only OK (sausage was good) but when I entered the guy working there told me to help myself (fine).  There wasn't any decaf so I had to go back and ask; he brought me some eventually.  This wouldn't have been a big deal, except a woman who came in about 10 minutes after I did--and was getting the same thing, the buffet--was treated much better: the same guy offered her coffee right away and was much more attentive with her.
