4	Everything you could possibly want at the end of a Pentlands hike or bike ride. Delicious, great quality food, friendly service and good beer.And a warm, cozy pub atmosphere.If you're up for something warmer than beer - their hot choc is amazing, and comes with giant marshmallows, and they have a selection of desserts to tempt you with too.
3	Like Veronika B. said, Flotterstone Inn is the perfect stop for a pub lunch / drink after strolling on the beautiful Pentland Hills. My friends and I actually did it the other way round: pub first and then some hiking. Nevertheless, I enjoyed Flotterstone Inn. It has a wonderful, cosy atmoshpere and it just feels like a traditional country pub with fireplace and all. We ordered lunch. There was plenty of choice on the menu. I went for the soup of the day with an egg & watercress sandwich, and my friends chose beef enchiladas and Ploughman's lunch. (see picture)Food was good and service very friendly. The only little issue was that it took a long time for them to clear up the plates and come and pick up the bill. Go and try Flotterstone Inn next time you are in the Pentland Hills - you won't be disappointed :)
4	At the Flotterstone you would be excused for thinking there has been some kind of invasion of gaiters and walking boots as everywhere you look there is some one dressed to the nines in walking gear (usually without a speck of mud on them!)The pub is right next to a fab walk up the hills and around a reservior and perfectly placed for a pre or post stop off. The food is average pub grub but perfectly nice if a little overpriced. The best thing is it is dog and kid friendly, you can cozy up in front of the fires, beer is good and the staff are very laid back while mayhem reigns all around on a sunday afternoon!
4	There is nothing quite like a pint after a long walk.  The Flotterstone gets 4 stars from me for a few different reasons - it has a beer garden, it has tasty Stewart Brewing beers, it has a beer garden, it's wonderfully located near a plethora of walking trails, and it has a beer garden.Ok, the decor could possibly use a bit of a pick-me-up but then again, it's honest and doesn't have an air of somewhere that's too clean/posh for muddy walkers and their wet dogs. I've not tried the food in ages but the menu looks good and the pricing is pretty standard.The Flotterstone definitely gets my vote for best Pentland pub/
