4	REI is a great place for all your outdoor needs. The store is a bit small compared to the other big box sporting good stores but it still has everything you need when it comes to the outdoors. Personally every time I have been to REI Henderson, the staff has been wonderful and very knowledgeable about everything. Many times I have walked into the store without a clue of what I needed but after a quick five minute conversation with one of their staff, I know exactly what I need and where to get it.Thanks REI!
4	I browsed REI's website for a few days before deciding to drive over and dive into the store...   man, was I ever impressed with the level of service and the amount of inventory they have for bike parts and accessories.. decent pricing.... I was definitely happy with the purchase and will head back soon!
3	I've only been shopping with them for a relatively short time, but I think i like REI. And I think I don't like this particular location too much. The store itself is fine. It has a decent selection, and decent-enough prices. My problems have been in the form of service. Now, sometimes I go in and I'm instantly being helped by someone friendly and knowledgeable - instances like this are why I'm now a member. But it seems more often than not, I'm standing around waiting for an employee. Sure, sometimes they're really busy; a wait makes sense then. But what about all those times when there are 2 customers in the store and I'm still left standing there for 10 minutes, inexplicably. I also feel that the treatment I had when I brought in some gloves to return was not a representation of the service promised on the back of the receipt, but that's an extremely small sample size, so who knows. Regardless, I'm not sure where else I'd go. Places like Big 5 are even worse, and often don't carry the same level of gear as REI. The internet is no help when you're going camping tomorrow and you find that you need a new tent. So, for now, REI is still it, but I wish they'd tighten their game up.
4	I love REI.I don't love REI prices.Still, REI is the first place I think about whenever I feel the urge to pick up new outdoorsy types of stuffs. I usually check their web site first to see what is available. I then proceed to internally shout some sort of expletive when I see how much it costs.Every now and then, I'll find a sale or clearance item that doesn't break the bank. I like to order things online and have them shipped to the store. They have one of the best return policies in the business, so I'm never afraid of not liking the product.On my most recent visit, I was there to exchange some toe shoes for the next size up. (They're actually Vibram FiveFingers KSO Treksports, but I call them toe shoes). The girl who helped me was extremely helpful and friendly. I agree with some people in that it's sometimes tough to get someone available to help you. Luckily, that wasn't the case on this occasion.A final word on REI prices. You really do get what you pay for. I absolutely love my REI Half Dome 2. Best tent I've ever used, though I'm far from being an expert.
5	Great place to shop for outdoor activities!  The prices are pretty steep but you're paying for quality.  You do get what you pay for.They don't really have a big selection of shoes which is kind of a downfall and yes they are expensive compared to other stores.  I would recommend checking their sale items beforehand.  Their customer service and return policy is THE BEST!  Even if you bought an item years ago and it breaks, you get a replacement (not sure if that refers to members only) or if you're dissatisfied after using the product, you can still return it.  Other stores won't let you do that.  It also pays off to become a member here.  You do have to pay a $20 fee for membership but you get benefits including money back on certain items, special offers and discounts, and REI dividends.
4	Yes, REI Prices for clothing and equipment are relatively high.  It's a national chain, and I don't think that's going to change anytime soon.  I can't think of anything I bought that was of poor quality, though.  You can price compare with online sources, but keep an eye out for sales, once you get 30% off on any given item, the prices are downright reasonable!  I keep returning because it's close, they have what I want for any number of outdoor activities, and the staff are FANTASTIC!  You rarely have to search for someone to help you when you want it, but it's not like a department store where someone is hovering and incessantly asking how you are with their commission on the mind. Their staff are well qualified, generally job satisfied, and really know their stuff!  Whether it's question about how a backpacking pack should feel or how climbing shoes should fit and which would be best for your needs, I've never left feeling like I knew more about the sport than the staff.  Plus, those like me that have been REI members for multiple decades know that they stand behind their products.  You can take anything back without hassle, ANYTHING.  So, buyers remorse is easily fixable, but I generally find that I'm too attached to the products to return them, even if my wallet would have appreciated it.Plus, ladies, many of the clothing brands they carry are made of sustainable materials, something of particular interest to me, and generally difficult to find.  If you're looking for rugged products for any outdoor sport, this is my favorite stop in town.
4	Very nice store, and well kept.  Seems pretty new.We were vacationing in the area and utilized their camping rental equipment, which was mostly reasonably priced, but a tad on the high side, but we didnt really have many options i guess.  Anyway, we rented a tent, sleeping bags, ground pads, and a camp stove.  I wish they had more things available to rent so i didnt have to bring them on the airplane with me, but ....oh well. The first night we set the tent up one of the poles had a crack in it and once tension was put on it, it snapped, resulting in the rain fly ripping open at the top. I was irritated beyond belief after driving to the Grand Canyon for 5 hours and now without a tent.  Luckily i was able to temporarily repair it with good old duct tape for the rest of the trip.  We called REI as soon as it happened (near closing time) and explained the situation and what exactly happened. The gentleman on the phone (i think Hugh?) was incredibly nice and understanding.  He tried finding other local rental options for us, even though it totally wasnt his responsibility to do so. They credited us the tent rental cost as well.Kudos to an employee and a store that is willing to go out of their way to help the customer!
4	If you're an outdoorsy gear head, you already know of REI.  (For you Canucks, it's like MEC.)  I go to the Charleston REI a lot; yesterday was one of my rare trips to the Henderson REI.  One thing I appreciate about both locations is the staff.  I've only ever experienced friendly and knowledgeable staff.  They love the outdoors and they want to help you.  I also appreciate the sale/clearance racks, even though some of the stuff may not be priced at sale prices!  It's always fun to wander around and look at all the cool gear one can get for such complicated activities as sleeping outside on the ground, walking outside up a big hill, biking around town, or eating pasta outside.  :)
4	REI is my neighborhood....cool stuff store.  I live dangerously close.  The staff is very helpful and likes to share traveling adventures with you at the cash register.Some of the things I love about this REI besides convenience: sales (good clearance racks and % off), good selection of products and brands, and of course, a rock in the shoe department to test out climbing and hiking shoes.  I also got my camelbak here (there is a wide selection for women).I am now converted into a hiking socks fan - I never was big on socks, but for my birthday this year Eric R. bought me some awesome waterproof Merrell hiking boots and several pairs of REI hiking quarter socks.  Now I became a hiking sock junkie and bought wigwam and wright socks to take to Thailand/Cambodia - they ended up being so useful on my honeymoon as I traversed the terrain of an elephant farm, the ruins of Angkor Thom and Angkor Wat, and the general rainy season.I also was given a mission to purchase an affordable rainjacket/windbreaker before the honeymoon.  On the clearance rack I found a very nice bright blue one with tons of pockets for under $40.  I also like buying clothes here for hiking and casual wear.  REI carries many great brands for women, including Lole, Columbia, Prana, Avani, Horny Toad, The North Face, Patagonia, and of course their own brand.  I have purchased some great pieces, even things I can use for work.We are REI members so we get special deals and also rack up rewards.  When we went to get my hiking boots, we had almost $50 in REI bucks and saved half on the shoes!  I love unexpected deals at the register!  The membership is worth it if you come here every once in a while.  I recently purchased a Columbia dress online because the store did not carry it.  I shipped it for free to the store and easily picked it up, tried it on in a dressing room in case I needed to return it - easy peasy.  Remember that they prefer not to give you a bag when you check out so bring your own or carry your goods out bag-less!
5	First off, I am not an "out-doorsy" person. I really have no reason to be in an REI. Most of this stuff just looks weird to me. Sure I can see bicycles, tents, and other camping paraphernalia, but honestly I just don't have much interest in this kind of stuff. With that being said, I DO have friends and a boyfriend who are avid about camping and hiking and running, etc.I like this location because it is nicely located at The District one of my favorite shopping centers. Every time I have been in here it has been clean and organized. And even I have not had a problem finding certain things. I've been here to buy camping pots/pans for a friend's wedding gift. I was pleasantly surprised to find a set made in the USA - and for a reasonable price too! I have also been here to purchase a gift certificate for my boyfriend. The cashier was so nice, she even asked if I was buying it for someone who had a membership. I wasn't sure, so she looked my boyfriend's name up and he did indeed have a membership! So she linked the gift certificate to his account! So now if he happens to lose the card he will still be able to use the money with just his account number!Overall this is a wonderful place with very nice, helpful employees. If I ever find myself needing something for camping or what not I am sure REI will be the first place I think to go.
5	Hands down this is the best company for outdoor gear. The staff are invested in the store through their hobbies. If you are member you get ten percent back on all purchases and are allowed to participate in the garage sales. The garage sales are all the returned gear sold for cheap.  Also, this store has the best return policy ever, which makes the customer service hard to beat. I have been shopping at REI for 20 years, and my dad has been going there since 1969...they believe in taking care of the earth, customers, and their staff.  I have never had a piece of gear that has failed on me that had the label R.E.I. on it and I have lived in igloos, remote sections of southern Utah, to the Pacific Northwest. The staff also take the time to remember you and your interests.  Great place to meet other people who are active and enjoy the outdoors.
4	So it's no surprise that I work for a really great retailer that includes many options for the sports enthusiast.  My procrastinating personality literally brought me to REI today, however, as I needed swimming goggles and other swimmers gear for my corporate challenge practice.  Side note, I bought a pair of speedos, however, I'll refrain from using it for a while, as I have NOT swam competitively for almost 10 years...My "far stretch" of a swimmers body has transformed just a bit...LOLOL!!Anywho, I walked into this location and was pleasantly greeted by an employee, who offered some assistance in a way that didn't seem pushy (at first).  I asked where to find what I needed and his directions were super concise and detailed...needed to be, because REI is huge and has a lot of stuff!  I bought TYR goggles, TYR defogger drops and TYR jammers (shorts version of speedos).  My bill came out to $80.  A little pricey but I know I'll be owning a great product!Let me also say that I'm in no shape or form a sports enthusiast, but you can't help but imagine what you could do with all that cool gear!  Golly!I found my items and proceeded towards the checkout counter and this is where I ended up giving this location 4 stars rather than 5.  First, I was excited to hear that they were transitioning their checkout machines into a system that mirrored Apples process:  On a cell phone equipped with a scanner and credit card swiper...Super Rad!  The associate then attempted to sell me on the REI membership card which included discounts, promotions and cash back at the end of the year.  I explained to him that I work for an online retailer that sells most of the items they do and this visit was my first time back there in 4 years and I don't need the card...which is the truth.  I mean, why would I shop anywhere else if I get a pretty nifty employee discount?!  Oh yeah, because I love to procrastinate! LOL.  Well, like a true salesman, I didn't think he heard me the first time because I spent two more rounds learning a little more and more about the membership.  A great core value is to build open and honest relationships through communication and effective communication at that.  I felt it was conducive to that core value that I told him the more we talk about the membership, the more unappealing it sounded to me...so I did.  But don't worry.  I'm not the type that says it in a rude way.  I shared my thoughts in a very pleasant and comedic way...guess you had to have been there.  We all know that REI is the place to visit if you're the sports enthusiast looking for the best possible gear for all types of terrain, sports and outdoor situations.  I got what I need.  I'm sure you'll do the same. And remember, with the money you're spending, you could be paying for the actual REI membership in the long run as you will automatically get a percentage cash back at the end of the year and is sent automatically as a check! LOL!
5	This experience was top quality!!Just finished a 5K today and needed to return an item I bought a few days ago.  I went into the store and was pleasantly directed to the customer service counter for returns.  The blonde woman that helped me was so nice and sweet.  She not only helped me with the return, she also gave me a wonderful laugh.  We talked about running and fashion we should wear when running.  Even if only for 5 minutes, this really made my day!Thanks REI!!
4	After visiting the Denver flagship REI you realize just how small both Las Vegas REI locations are. This location at The District at Green Valley Ranch is smaller than the Summerlin location, but what it lacks in floor space it makes up for with enthusiasm and service. I typically get great service here, especially with the bike shop and if I need camping gear. Parking is not bad either and you can't beat the easy access to I-215. Back to service, when I forgot my member card twice the staff didn't grumble, they dived in immediately and started searching for my info. Having moved so much I was hard to find but they did it and they did so with a smile. Service with a smile wins me over every time. 4 stars: Earned by consistently good service and having what I want, when I want it. (This REI also helped me with upgrading my mountain bike from the wet, muddy midwest climate to the dryness and sharp rocks of Nevada. My bike shifts properly again and I'm not buying patch kits and tubes in mass quantities anymore either!)
4	I don't bike, kayak, snowboard, camp, or climb anything bigger than a flight of stairs.  REI makes me wish I did.  I have purchased some running gear in here before, and I always end up spending more money (and time) than I intended.  They just have so many neat things to look at.Now the salespeople have little handheld checkout devices so they can check you out wherever you are.  This is DANGEROUS, because if they approach me while I'm admiring something, I'll likely pull the trigger and buy it before I've even thought it through.  I am an impulsive shopper - it's a downfall of mine.
4	We went on a camping trip this weekend, it was last minute and we were unprepared.  However REI took care of that.  I haven't camped since I moved out here and  we do not own any camping gear anymore and the thought of buying it all was daunting. We did a bit of research and found out REI rents just about anything.  We rented pretty much every thing we needed for a last minute camping trip.  The nice thing is for people like us we may or may or may not go camping again but if we do we now know what kind of tent we want and the kinds of pads to sleep on and sleeping bags we prefer.  They rent the same quality product they sell.We did have a small glitch we found when we arrived to camp but at that point it was to late to do anything about.  So I called and the nice guy who helped us out apologized profusely tried every possible remedy for us.  He made it right in the long run, mistakes happen I understand that and don't hold it against someone.  However how you react to that mistake and fix it is up to you.  I will be back and look forward to the great customer service...
3	I only gave it 3 stars due to the fact either of these store in LV valley are SO small and if you need something really specilize they don't have it... If it was the Salt Lake City store or Portland no problem.  The staff are good and very friendly but some seem to be out of their element (no matter what part of the store they are in).   Don't get me wrong some of the staff are on there game.  Prices are hit and miss sometime they are a good deal some times not so much, so they get 4 $$$$, just because they do have the high-end pricey stuff that needs to be bought at times.  Great selection across the board though....
4	REI has a great selection of goods. I was a little surprised by the lack in interaction we got from employees... Despite standing near the front door for a few minutes (we were looking at the different brochures they have) we were not greated.I had never been in an REI so we walked through the entire store...After checking out most of the clothing, picking out a couple books on hiking, looking at the camping gear, picking up some energy bars and selecting a new yoga mat we were finally asked if we needed any assistance as my husband was looking at bike accessories. From this point on, service was on point. The employee that rang us up was very friendly... He remembered my husband from a prior visit and asked him about the items he had purchased then. My husband signed for the purchase on an iPhone and the reciept was emailed to him... Nice touches.I am sure that we will be back to spend more money at REI soon.
3	The other location is much nicer.  Employees here have been less than professional on more than one occasion.
5	I did not know about REI really until I moved to LV, and I really, really like it. I've been a few times, and on my second-to-most-recent visit, I decided to become a member. I was buying Danksos for a new job, and I figured that I may as well buy the $20 lifetime membership if I was going to spend $120 on Danish clogs. It will be interesting to see the dividends next year--I feel like I'm a powerful executive, eagerly awaiting my returns from my investments.However, the 5 stars really comes from service. I ended up buying the wrong size of Danskos (persnickety little clogs) and had to return them. It was so easy and they were so nice in the process. Sometimes when you're exchanging, it can be a hassle, but not here. Also, they told me that I could have worn them out and still returned them. Ummm who does that anymore? Nobody, and that's awesome.t's an outdoor person's paradise, but lots of warm things for indoor girls like myself as well. I am looking forward to having more incentives to shop here!
5	This store is a reason to get into any sport just to play with the cool stuff.I am a n avid cyclist and they have quality equipment, I have learned you get what you pay for, and it is true here.The store is very well laid out and the staff is very friendly and helpful.I spent $300 dollars and had to leave before I went broke, too much cool stuff.
3	I didn't know until I went in today that this particular location barely has any snowboarding gear.  There was also no one around to ask for help.  I wandered the store aimlessly until it sunk in that my lunch hour quest for new snowboarding pants was made in vain.  Desperate to make my trip worth something, ANYTHING, I grabbed a facemask and made my way to the cashier.  She was on the phone with a customer so I waited while they discussed the intricacies of netting vs. no netting for tents and whether or not hiking socks really made a difference.  Finally, another employee came up and rang me up.  He told me that the other REI on Rampart is where all the snowboarding gear is sold.  50/50 chance, I guess!  I rolled the dice and lost.  Or is it toss the coin?  Well, whatever, you know what I mean. Anyway!  This store is small compared to other REI's I've been into and doesn't have much of a selection.  The cashier was particularly pushy about the fact that REI is a co-op, and for a small $20 fee, you can be a lifetime member and get up to 10% back at the end of the year.  Great!  If you shop there a lot, which I don't.  I'm making the trek to Rampart next week and I am not leaving without new snowboarding pants!! :)
4	Great location! Mostly because you guys are down the street but still. We've done their garage sale(awesome prices) and we've bought stuff for camping. Very knowledgeable staff and there is always some around to help, you don't have to go find someone. The REI members thing is cool too! Lots of products from many companies and usually it's in stock or they can get it from another store
4	I love REI!  This is a great place to pick up your outdoorsy supplies (if you know what you're looking for), or to go browsing around and get help if you have no idea what you're looking for.  The staff are really friendly and usually really good at making recommendations for whatever you're looking for.  As a newbie to most things outdoorsy,  I don't feel intimidated at all going to this store since the staff are so good at helping me out.I recently became an REI member.  It's a $20 lifetime membership that pays for itself.  You get dividends back every year depending on your purchases and you get invites to special REI members only sales.I love that in addition to the big name brands (Colombia, the North Face, etc.), they have their own REI brand.  I gave REI 4 stars instead of 5 because almost everything there is so darn expensive (this is coming from a self-supported college student budget).  I know you can find similar items online for much more competitive pricing, but I really like the store and supporting this business.  They're also eco-friendly by emailing receipts instead of printing them and reducing usage of plastic/paper store bags.
3	REI has always been a store that has quality items.  In Berkeley I enjoyed the exploring the large store, that had everything.  In Seattle tis easy to get lost in the three stories, and in Portland tis in the Pearl District, and they are far larger than the small stores in Las Vegas.I have used REI, as my Bicycle shop because of the knowledge of the mechanics.  I have taken the road bike classes every other year as refreshers in the early months of the year.I seem to always be on my bicycle on Saturday or Sunday ride when passing close to REI, with its easy to reach location in the District at Green Valley Ranch in Henderson, NV (South west of Green Valley & 215 intersection).The Bicycle Shop has always been wonderful to stop for parts or upgrades, but recently there are few qualified mechanics.  There are helpful staff that can sell your items, but no one with knowledge on what you need, or will it work on my bicycle with this crankset?  I still do not have a chain catcher installed, on all my bicycles.Seems the store needs to hire more qualified staff to replace the staff that has moved along.  For my bicycle needs I have gone to a competitor, as the one mechanic left can not be there all day long 7 days a week.  The last three times i needed repair there was no one qualified was scheduled in the bicycle shop for hours.Maybe this will change soon, but February and March 2013 it has been a waste of time for me, and my bicycles.  I can only hope this is a temporary condition for this easy to reach location improves rapidly,.JR
4	Whatever your outdoor or fitness passions may be, they will most likely have the gear and supplies you'll need here.  The store is really nice and well organized, and the service is fantastic.  There's always someone to help but it's easy to browse and explore without being pressured or hassled by staff.  I don't think their prices are higher than other stores but, like most things, I can find a lot of what I look for here cheaper online.  Still, always a pleasant shopping experience here!
5	Holy crap--Rei is amazing! I've come here only a few times over the years but have recently been coming so much more as I get more into backpacking.  Customer service is great.  All the employees seem to love working there.  The guy who fitted me for my new backpack was very knowledgeable and gave me a ton of tips.Get a member ship and get money back at the end of the year.
3	REI has a few obvious challenges being in Las Vegas. #1 - Not a lot of need for raingear. #2 - Lots of sports only take place in spring, fall and winter. #3 - Vegas seems to be the main attraction for tourism, not the outdoors. It makes sense they have a limited selection here. For an out of towner or someone from up north it may seem tiny. That being said, it's a great place to hunt for deals on warm weather gear!
4	This store is huge and will surely have whatever your outdoor loving heart is in search of. Prices aren't the best, but what do you expect in The District? Convenience and variety are abundant here..that matters to me!
4	REI is one of my favorite stores for all things outdoors. They have pretty much every brand from mid to high that you can think of and it's all presented beautifully. I just really love coming into this store. Went in this day just to look around and recover from the heat outside. They were having a sale on yoga stuff, which I notice they do a lot. They have high quality apparel for reasonable prices when you find it on sale, otherwise I shop online or somewhere else. This place can be steep.I'd been to this store on another day looking for a bike rack and that just got all screwed up. The service was so awful I actually called the next day to complain (mainly because the recommendation the sales guy gave, after giving him all relevant info, was so off I was almost stranded on the other side of town with a bike rack that didn't work and a bike sitting in a parking lot I'd just bought - terrible). Anyway, the manager came to the phone and said the matter had been addressed based on me talking to the girl at the register about the problem. These people take their customer service seriously. I love that.Know that when you go in here, for the most part, you're getting great, quality stuff and you're being helped by friendly, knowledgeable people. But with their rep, you already knew that.
4	REI has everything you need for any outdoor activity that you need.Each time I enter REI, I feel like I can conquer Mt. Everest since they have everything I can possibly need to conquer it.  The more I walk around the more I start imagining myself becoming outdoorsy.  Then I start picking up stuff and then looking at the prices... Oh yeah nevermind about thinking I can conquer Mt. Everest, I cant even bring myself buying such pricey equipments.  However, I do know that they have an excellent return policy.  REI's quality is AMAZING! Anyways, the customer service is great they are always willing to help you out and they have answered all my questions that I needed to know.  Recently, I bought some Keen Whisper sandals ! & i love it.  If it wasn't for the lady to recommend these specific ones I would have gotten then wrong sandals for my hiking /river crossing trips.  Overall, the employees are always helpful and so nice!
5	We are new to the 'bicycle' world and needed some accessories to go along with it.  We headed to the correct department to do our shopping and were immediately greeted.   I feel bad that I forgot his name but he was so full of information and very very helpful.  It's always a good day when you have great service! REI has so many different accessories that aren't overpriced.   I always love finding deals and there are many many to find in this store.   Plus their store is co op rather than a publicly traded company.  You can become a co op member for $20.  That is a one time lifetime member fee.  You'll get a percentage of your purchases back annually.   Nice!  Even if you aren't a member, you can still shop there. I've made many purchases there before I signed up. From bikes to hiking to camping, this is a great store for the 'outdoorsy' type!~    And I always get great service from every employee I interact with.   A+ in my book!
5	Join the co-op membership is only $20 and the benefits are awesome. Members get back 5% dividend annually and a 20% off coupon. My favorite by far is there annual "Garage sale" where seconds and returns are put at deep discount prices. They use to have the $.87 sale anything ending with .87 is 50% off. I hope they bring that back. But anyhow, if you are an outdoor enthusiast, you got to have an REI membership or try their Visa REI card and receive more benefits. Even though I shop online, I love hanging out at the store learning about new products and new technology. I could spend a whole day there. BTW: I love their return policy. Check it out online.
1	One star for customer service and I did not even get a chance to walk into this store. I have always heard great things about REI so while strolling through the District on a Sunday evening we decided to check it out. I opened the door and there was an employee right in my face, pulling the door back. He yelled (I was shocked) "we are closed! Closed!" And pulled the door shut. I get that the employees are in a hurry to go home after a long day but there was absolutely no need for that. A simple polite "I'm sorry we just closed" would have sufficed. If that is how customers are treated walking in the door then I would hate to have to deal REI employees for anything. I will never give this location my business. I only wish that I wasn't so startled by being yelled at so that I could get the person's name.
2	Spent $1300 on a mountain bike , they refused to throw in a water bottle cage ( value $8?) quoting " sorry, maybe a mom-and-pop store  can do things like that , but we are a corporate store it's impossible" This was the manger .... I asked him as a manager if he did not have the authority to approve a free eight dollar water bottle for someone who just spent $1300 on a bicycle what exactly is he managing ?  Disappointed .....the bike on the other hand was top notch .. Service aside
4	Twice I've stopped at this REI to buy something that I needed for a midnight marathon. First time was for some reflective gear and this time was for a regular stopwatch. I had forgotten to pack my old trusty stopwatch for the race so I bought the cheapest watch they had. It was a nice Timex Ironman watch. The only thing that I don't like about the watch is that it only stores 30 laps. The watch case was near the cash registers and one of the clerks was happy to help me out with the watch. After he identified the watch, he went into the backroom to grab one for me. He was one of the friendliest clerk that I've ever come across. Come to think of it, they have some of the friendliest employees at this particular REI. Who knows, maybe that's a requirement to work here! :)I would definitely come here again if I forget to pack something else for some future race or trip.
5	The manager, Jason Sanford, is the best! Friendly and knowledgable! If you want a great experience, see him! He'll help you with all your needs!
5	I have been drawn to REI (Recreation Equipment Inc.). Regardless that my body could be working in Las Vegas, my spirit is in the hiking trails. Oftentimes at the District, I'd stop by REI. A visit to REI is stepping inside a toy store for outdoor recreationists. I always imagined joining REI to buy quality hiking boots and a camelback to survive the backcountry. Never in a million years did I think I'd join REI to survive a walk across a suburban parking lot.   Recently I have suffered from Planters Fasciitis (abbreviated PF) . It is an injury where your arch and heel bone weakens [1][2]. This is the Athlete's Curse. Or in my case, the Hiker's Curse. It is pain that I wouldn't wish on a troll. When in fact a few months ago, Mary Jane Falls was a challenge, recently the suburban parking lot is. After an unfavorable visit with Apache Foot Care, I upped my fight against PF with Superfeet insoles and Ankle brace. I still suffered. If you read my hiking reviews you could understand the physical and mental agony this was causing [3]. The next method of attack was hiking boots suitable for PF.   On Sunday I drove all over the southeast Valley on the search for PF hiking boots. I found zilch in the outlets and Sear's. REI appeared to be the best option. I was in hopes of the boot getting me through a suburban parking lot, restoring my left foot, and ultimately carrying me up to the summit of Turtlehead Peak.   As soon as I limped in the door, a cheerful employee helped me. In the hiking boots department, another helpful employee intimidated a purchase of hiking boots with thick insoles. I was optimistic this was a Christmas present well spent. Upon purchase, the cashier let me know of the benefits of REI membership without being aggressive.   Discouragingly, PF was winning the battle. A couple of days later, I limped back into REI to return the boots. I was amazed by how easy they made the return. Keep in mind that I was wearing the boots for a couple of days and returning it. The woman at the desk made small talk with me as she returned my $. Over and above this, she informed me of the insoles REI sells. My next attack was returning to Foot Solutions for thicker insoles. She directed me to Crystal Marie who was exceedingly helpful. I am impressed by the selection of insoles. O brought the thickest pair.   I would leave REI with thicker insoles in my sneakers and REI membership. The $20 lifetime membership includes a yearly check equivalent to %10 of what you spend at REI for a year, invites to members only garage sales, and advantageous return policies.   I cannot say that the new insoles are a cure for my PF. They are a weapon against it. If the problem does not improve by January when the new health insurance year starts, I will have an x-ray done on the foot. Because Yelp is my journal, I will be writing up on this. [1]http://www.aafp.org/afp/2001/0201/p467.html[2]http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/plantar-fasciitis-topic-overview\\[3] http://www.yelp.com/list/walking-on-sunshine-aint-time-to-feel-good-henderson
5	What's not too love about this place. They have everything I need for my outdoor needs. There is always someone available when you need help or if you just have ?'s , friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Since this my neighborhood store I can order stuff online have it shipped here and pay no shipping.   Ive now been a member for almost 20 years and about this membership I paid a one time fee of $15 and now I get 10% on everything I buy.  I would recommend this place to anybody into outdoor hobbies.
