2	The plan had been to eat at home.  Our friend, staying with us for the holidays, was out.  The two of us wanted to cook - we really did, but staring at the cats was taking up all of our time.  That and we were kinda at different stages of fighting off a cold.  Our friend called from the road - he was headed back to our place - and he was sick.  We said "Bring home food".  He was planning to stop at Walgreen's and there was a brand new Little Caesars next to it (near the address listed for this review, but not yet even officially listed.  Mine was at 19th Avenue and Southern).  I was hesitant to go w/ that one - but I figured hey, it's new.  Places are normally better than usual when they are new, right?  He got one cheese and one Peperoni.  Had it just been so many years since eating really really bad pizza that I just forgot what it was like?  Because this was NOT good pizza.  Greasy, sure.  But there was no flavor.  None.  It's like I had to check to see that I really had food in my mouth.  Sure, I could tell what it was supposed to taste like but a) Those were not high standards and b) It never even made it's own low standards.  You must be thinking wow - 2 stars?  It sounds worse than that.  Here's my thought - I didn't get food poisoning.  Normal "sick after eating bad greasy pizza" feeling still applied, but it wasn't as bad as it could have been. - The service was really fast as it is a "to go" place - the pizzas are just waiting for customers to walk in the door - I was full after eating it - I didn't have to cook.
4	I'm sorry, only 2-Stars for LIttle Caesar's Pizza?  I just can't let that go by.  A friend & I dropped in to this location a couple of days ago & each ordered an "Ultimate Supreme" pizza, at only $8 each for a large, "Hot & Ready!".  Friends, it got home still hot, & it was DELICIOUS!!  Was it as good as a $20 pizza at your favorite place in the Valley?  Maybe not, but I bet it was 80% as good for 40% of the price!  After eating half, it also reheated well (in the toaster oven, not the microwave) for a couple of snacks the next day.I strongly assert that the pizza here is better than that at Papa John's, Pizza Hut, Numero Uno or Dominoes, the primary competitors (who all actually charge somewhat more).Need to spend less?  Pepperoni pizza, only $5 for a large=3 Stars.  Cheap & good!  When you don't feel like paying $20 for your pizza, THIS is your place, folks!Fun fact:  I'm an old Vietnam Vet (managed to survive 3 tours over there without ending up with the beard, shopping cart, dog, & cardboard sign!).  Do you know that Little Caesar's bends over backwards to help Vets become franchise holders, even if they are short on money?  This is a class place people, & I hope you'll try them next time.  Get the $8 pizza if it fits your budget.  Yeah for Little Caesar's Pizza!!
1	Little Caesars, Marcos, Numero Uno etc... the fast food of pizza joints. Beware places that have pizzas 'pre-heated, ready to go.'  Quite simply, you get what you pay for. I don't even put Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Dominoes in the same category as these places, at least their pizzas are cooked to order.Little Caesars crust is comparable to cardboard, the ingredients are unrelentingly cheap, and it's incredibly greasy. However the price is unbeatable. For $5 you can get a large pizza, but it's easy to see why.
4	Wow, I can't believe it's been over 15 months since I reviewed this place!  Well, I still love it, & still give it 4 Stars!  Today, Mike C. dropped over to hang out & watch the latest UFC event, so I whipped down here to pick up a pizza real quick to munch on.  They have them hot & ready, so I was in & out of there in about 30 seconds.  The news is that Little Caesars here has just come out with a new pizza!  This one is called "Three Meat Treat", & it has bacon, pepperoni, & Italian Sausage.  We both thought it was real good, & it's only $8 for a Large!For me, the taste of Little Caesar's pizza beats Pizza Hut, Papa John's, The Pizza Buffet, Peter Piper, Pepe's & Cici's, & it's less expensive than at least the first two as well.Here's another thing:  Did you know that these folks help Veterans who would like to own their own business get started with a Little Caesar's franchise without already "having money"?  How cool!Yeah Little Caesars!     :-))
4	Well, here we are another year & a half since my last review.  I needed to run to Fry's for some necessary groceries last night & couldn't help driving past Little Caesar's here on Central to get home.  Sure enough, for the zillionth time, I got vacuumed in to buy one of their DELICIOUS pizzas, take it home, & try to only eat half of it for a snack.  As usual, I bombed out badly, eating all but one tasty slice!     :-ODo you know that although he's a "One-Percenter", the owner of this outfit, Mike Llitch, is also a GREAT GUY?  I wish it were HIM running for President over Mittster Job Destroyer who IS!  Let me give you just one example why:If someone, such as myself, is a Veteran & would like to own their own business, do you know that Mr. Llitch will bend over backwards to see to it that that you, the potential entrepreneur without much money to invest gets to open & own his very own Little Caesars?  HE WILL!  Now that IS "job creation"!     :-))Ok, but what about the pizza?  If it's supposedly so bad, do you know that they sell a pizza every minute at this location?  Don't take my word for it!  Find that old watch you used to wear & go time it for yourself...  and yes it's inexpensive, but are we going to hold THAT against them?  I say the pizza here is also DELICIOUS, & I'm a big eater of pizzas from the other places around the Valley as well as here.Sorry critics, it's ANOTHER 4 STARS FOR THIS friendly little place, churning out tasty pizzas all day for low prices, as fast as they can bake them!     :-))
4	I know, I know.  It's absolutely forbidden on Yelp to like Little Caesar's Pizza.  Well, sorry about that!  Yes, we all have our "best pizza place in the whole world".  Mine is on Colorado Bv. in Pasadena, CA.  With that said, I LIKE THE PIZZA AT LITTLE CAESAR'S!  I think it's better than Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Peter Piper, Chuck E. Cheese, The Pizza Buffet and CiCi's, just for examples!Now my favorite pizza place here in the Valley is BoomBozz, but here's how Little Caesar's works for me:This afternoon I got hungry for pizza to go along with a TV show coming on in a few minutes & I didn't have time to drive 24 miles over to Gilbert to get it!  Instead, I whipped down Central to this place & was home biting into my hot, tasty pizza in TEN MINUTES FLAT...  AND IT WAS GOOD!Determined to eat half of it & save the rest for later, I did.When "later" came, right after the last slice of the first half, IT WASN'T MY FAULT!  The pizza was THAT GOOD!     :-))Service?  Instant & friendly!Freshness?  The pizzas here sell as fast as they can make them!Value?  Amazing!  (Large Pepperoni $5.)YAY!  YAY!  YAY!
4	Stopped back in here today for a bite to take home and enjoy with a friend.  I went with an large "Ultimate" Pizza (not on the menu board but available and as good as it sounds!) and an order of Buffalo Wings.  The pizza, custom cooked for me,  was great for $8 but we both thought the 8 dinky chicken wing pieces were overpriced at $6.Fine, no wings next time but I'm sorry, I LIKE THE PIZZAS HERE, including the Large Pepperoni for only $5!     :-))Another tidbit:  While "Papa John" Schnatter has used our pizza buying dollars to promote far-right political causes that want to use our country's prosperity to benefit those who are already rich at the expense of the rest of us, the owner of Little Caesar's, Michael Llitch, helps our returning Veterans who would like to own their own business get started with a Little Caesar's franchise, even though they don't have the startup money to do it on their own.*    I think THAT is a good reason to like Little Caesar's, all by itself!     :-))*  http://franchise.littlecaesars.com/VeteransProgram.aspx
