4	As a woman, I'm always on the cautious side when it comes to auto care. I swear it looks like I have a big target on my forehead when I walk into the tire store, the brake store, etc. to get overcharged. I needed brakes - they were squeaking, not grinding luckily, but I knew I was overdue for new break pads. I opted for Brake Masters for two reasons - good experience in the past with their company and convenience to my office. Great experience overall. I felt like I was offered services that needed to be done - mostly because they never have done in the life of the vehicle. I was able to get a deal on the price, just by asking and an oil change to boot.  Quick, friendly service with a lifetime guarantee on the life of the break pads.I would recommend this Brake Masters with confidence.
5	My girlfriend had the rear brakes on her VW replaced here recently. I'm always leery when she insists on doing things like this on he own but Matt and Greg were respectful, informative and honest. I highly recommend for quality and service.
1	Have been there several times, one time after the oil change, I smelled out....  Opened the hood the oil cap was left off.   The last time noticed oil dripping from under my car, the oil filter was very loose after 300 miles.   Two strikes and your out.
5	After the first two places I went to get my oil changed told me it was going to take an hour to an hour and 45 minuets to get an oil change?! I found Break Masters on Yelp. They got me in with in minuets and it took 15 minuets tops and it was 26 dollars. Jimmy was the cashier and he was super helpful and friendly. I will go back again.
5	Today I went in for an oil change. As always, their service is fast and friendly. The front desk gentleman was very informative and personable. He gave me advice on a low tire I had that saved me a trip elsewhere. You can tell these guys really enjoy being there.I have always had exceptional service and would drive out of my way just to get my oil changed at this location.
