4	Run by the Mormons, they keep it really well stocked and organized. I got a couple of cool chairs there, a pair of fake leather cowboy boots, 3 belted pencil skirts, 4 or 5 pairs of chunky 80's earrings, a man's plaid shirt that fits me perfectly, countless other things. It is a thrift store, so there are the usual things that would take away from the experience, but the prices are reasonable and not fixed by item, like Goodwill. I've seen some really nice living room couches, sets, even, but never had a need. At one point, they had 40 or 50 framed prints of the same 5 paintings, one is a Van Gogh floral still life with a green background. I'd never seen it, my mom picked one up, though. I am a masochist, so I love to peruse the "As-Is" and the yard where they keep a lot of bigger, crappier stuff.
4	This is one of the best thrift stores around. It's really clean and organized. All the racks a SIZED and and sectioned into categories.I like that all the prices are consistent and everything is in pretty good condition. Nothing I have ever found was over priced. It is what it is. My best find was a pink Betsy Johnson coat for $6.00!!!! It's almost like shopping at a dept store it's so nice and tidy.My only compliant is that the fitting rooms can be kind of stinky.
5	D.I. is what the kids are calling it these days. D.I. is the best thrift store around. The place looks nicer than a Sears. Everything is clean and organized. They have tons of everything in all of their sections. The place doesn't smell as bad as a Goodwill. They even have new bed sets that are very affordable. I always go to hit up the neck tie rack. They have lots of good Polyester ties, which is the only kind I wear. Silk is for losers.
5	I really don't care who does or does not own and operate this store, I love t! This is, by far, the best thrift store in the east valley. Huge inventory and CHEAP prices!
5	Deseret Industries (or more commonly known as "The D.I.") is one of my favorite places to shop! They are akin to Goodwill in that they have lots of second hand used items. You can find clothing, shoes, books, furniture, toys, records...just tons of stuff! Although I have shopped at other D.I.'s that had more to offer, this one is pretty good. They always have items neatly organized, and plenty of floor associates to help you out which is good because the store is often very busy and full of people.The womens clothing is fun to browse through, I think they tend to have more dresses than Goodwill does, which I like. They have a good assortment of blouses and I've seen some nice shoes there. I think the quality of clothing they accept is slightly higher than other thrift stores. Occasionally they will have some good furniture. I think they even sell new bedroom sets for cheap that you can order. They have a nice assortment of random outdoorsy/kitsch items. Usually they have a back lot where you can find ceiling fans, bedframes, doors, bikes, etc. However they have it closed off right now. Maybe they are waiting to get more items? As an Art student, I can always find some great strange items here that help me with my school projects. My only complaint is that sometimes they price things too high. For example one time I needed a lot of wire for a school project and they had some tiny bundles, but priced at $4.00 each. That's a lot of money for a tiny bundle of wire! Sometimes they have really poor quality framed pictures for 10-20 dollars even though they have water damage and the frame is falling apart.One thing I like about the D.I. is that they will offer employment to people who have found difficulty finding jobs in the past for some reason or another. They train the people who work there so that they can be prepared to find a job in another setting. Also, whatever clothing they do not sell is sent to humanitarian aid to be given away worldwide. So I respect this store for its good intentions!Overall, good store and lots of great stuff! Go and see for yourself!
4	well organized - by size and by color - and so one of my favorite places to shop. come when you need to satisfy that shopping fix or a find another outfit for growing kiddos.
5	Wow,  great store, quality merchandise and good prices! I'd been in here on my last trip but don't remember being this impressed a coupla years ago. I got some cheap yarn, a few items for the little ones, and some craft materials, all for a pittance. I will be back and will tell my daughter to check it out too. Everything is clean and organized and one lady in particular was extremely helpful. There was a brief turn - off when I first walked in and tried to make eye contact with a young male employee to ask where the craft items were. He turned away from me and started talking to another employee which I thought was rude until I realized he was mentally challenged and probably didn't pick up on the eye contact clue that I needed help. Since I heartily approve of employing the handicapped I quickly forgave the unintentional slight. After that all was good. As much as I like the local Goodwill and Savers stores, this one has won my approval also.
4	Deseret Industries is unlike any other thrift store that I tend to frequent:  The clothes here actually fit me.Just last weekend, I bought a pair of jeans and they fit me so well.  I've never really had thrift store pants fit me too well because I'm so short.  I'm only 5'5".  As such, whatever I buy I need to cuff on the bottom.  No matter what, I look like 1 1950's hooligan because everyone's legs are just so much longer than mine.I bought a sportcoat here about two years ago and it's still the nicest fitting coat I've bought for myself from a thrift store.  Dude, man, you have no idea.  It fits me perfectly.  And it was cheap.  The inside label informed me (to my girlfriend's amusement) that it originated from a now-out-of-business store from California called "The Short Shop: Clothes for the shorter man."Well, this place isn't for everyone.  But, for some reason, almost everyone who donates clothes here is apparently just a little guy and I thank them for their donation.
5	What a great quality thrift store.  I've been to many thrift stores, but when I walked into Deseret Industries I was so impressed.  I'll be back for more.
1	The people are rude and the service is slow.Other places like this are way better.
4	One of the thrift stores I always manage to visit when I am in my home town. Like most thrift stores you have to really search for the good stuff, and this place does have a huge selection especially furniture.
5	The DI is the best!  I come here to shop when I feel discouraged or blue.  Something about the spirituallity of the LDS church members rubs off on me and I begin to feel my spirits pick up.  Good people are good people, and the workers are wonderful.I like their slogan:  "Give stuff a second chance."  Well, we all need a second chance and so on those blue days I come here and I leave feeling pretty good, and with some few tchotchke's that cost me a couple of dollars.My kitchen is filled with awesome cookware that I use everyday.  It is really a very special place and I bring all my gently used and clean things here to donate when I am ready to pass them on.  Yeah for the DI!  thank you !!
5	the store is well organized , and I love it!! i found a torrid jacket which was originally 30-40 bucks for just 4$! it has a large selection of clothes, shoes, furniture and a lot more. this thrift store is like any other the cloths are very organized with a virety of diffrent sizes , i love this store!!
4	I am inclined to give five stars but can't. Their service to the community is more than five stars. Their service snd politeness has been 5*. I used to purchase stuffed animals to give away at work. They were reasonable to the point that I got 300 of themto take to Katrina processing center to donate. I have purchased a lot of books which I would rate 3-4*sIf something wasn't just right for you it might have been a work in progress.
4	As usual, one of the best thrift stores ever! They have everything! And it was also possibly the cleanest thrift store I've ever seen!I did feel like some things were slightly over priced for a thrift store, more like the bigger things, and some clothes. But still worth check out whenever you need anything!
