5	This place is always great with kids.  My son hates having his haircut.  HATES IT.  He hates even having his hair touched.  I was really apprehensive about bringing him here, but he said he wanted a mohawk, so we went.Well, he took scissors to his mohawk just so he could go back here.To bad hes bald now, because he cut a little close.  It is going to be a while before we can go back.Thank you Snip-its, I think...  You got my son over his fear of haircuts.  Good price for what you do.  I have never seen a kid leave this place sad.
3	This place is fine, not great, just fine.  I like that I don't have to make an appointment and can just stop in with my daughter on the drive home from school.  We usually end up waiting about 15 minutes which isn't too bad.  I have gone in where the wait was close to an hour and we just left.  The prices are good and it is close/convenient which is the main reason I come here.
4	My daughter attended a birthday party at this place. It was so cool! Ten little girls getting dressed up like rock stars and princesses, fancy hair styles and learning to apply makeup. After they were all dolled up, they walk down a red carpet and were introduced on microphone for their first ever cat walk. They were so cute and excited the entire time. The goodie bags include all the makeup they got to put on and a craft made during the party.The only reason it got four out of five stars is because the room for the party is really really tiny, and there's very little space for parents to sit and watch.
5	We love this Snip Its! The friendly staff makes the place- my 5 year old loves the games, movies and the prize machine at the end! They always do a wonderful job and we've never had to wait long since they are staffed well all of the time. The products are wonderful too- Morning Miracle is my savior!
3	The stylist was nice to my little girl and that's all that really matters.  $18 for a kids hair cut is a little pricey, but they get your kid to stay still, so they can cut their hair straight.  The atmosphere is good not as nice as Cool Cut's.  SnipIt's makes your kid watch some dumb video about Snipit's I thought that was kind of weird.  They do mani and pedi for kids too... I'm going to try that out sometime.  Otherwise I think I'll probably stick to Cool Cuts
5	My daughter always gets excited when it is time to go to Snip-Its.  In the past, she loved the stories.  Now, she enjoys playing the games.  I like having entertainment that is not just watching movies or playing Playstation.  The Snip-Its themed characters, shows, and games feel more meaningful.  We bought the first haircut package -- twice.  Although I could do without the candy -- getting a bow, lollipop, and special prize at the end of the haircut is great.  The kids get a card to push it into a slot at the front desk and a prize pops out.  Can I get my haircut here?  We use the hair care products.  The Knot Gene is a life saver.  We just got a mini gene to supplement the full gene.  The shampoo and conditioner seem to have less harmful chemicals than the grocery store products.  My daughter has always loved getting her hair cut.
5	Took my daughter here for her first haircut.  It was great!  They took her pic,  saved her hair and made a certificate.  And she not only sat still the whole time,  she was so relaxed she almost fell asleep!  Will definately be back.
4	Perfect for the little kids' haircutsOur baby girl had her first birthday and we had to get her first haircut to match. Found Snip-Its as the top rated place around for children.  Ended up getting our 6 year-old's hair done, as well.Place is designed for kids with a fun setting and rewards for when they are done.  Our little girl was not a fan of the haircut concept, but the stylist handled it perfectly.  As for our big girl... Well, she said she still likes to get her nails and pedis done at the spa with Mommy, but liked this place for her hair.  That's high praise from a first-grader.
5	The just had the most awesome experience at snipits. I can't wait to come back again!  love the cupcake smell good stuff and the glitter and the ribbons. And they are so good with your piercings as well.
