4	Ok...this must be the millionth Starbucks I have reviewed. I seriously think that I need to decrease my caffeine consumption. This is one of the Starbucks that I frequent in my neighborhood. The staff here is always friendly and they are right next to a Harvest Bread soooo....that's always a good thing.I also like this Starbucks for its interior. It always gets good sun and is a great place to catch a morning coffee while relaxing, or in my case, on a mad dash to work in need of a pick me up.Only advice I would give is to get a gift card, register it and use it to pay. Pretty quickly you will get all your add ins for free and get special offers and free drinks (if you drink as much as me you even get a gold card with your name on it, and its not as hard as you think to get it)So, fancy a $6 cup of coffee with the calories to support a small childs metabolism, then hurry down to the Starbucks near you, since they are all pretty much the same! :)
3	The coffee is over rated.
4	Living in Henderson, I frequently hang out here. It is in the heart of Henderson's retail belt and sits a stones throw from US 93/95/I-515.    This is a small Starbuck's. I counted only five tables inside. Spending time here, I see that good things come in small packages. The baristas are friendly. Computer and smart phone users have four outlets to plug into because there is an outlet in close proximity to each table. Sunlight illuminates the cafe. And the Starbucks radio plays at the right volume.  My favorite aspect is the convenience factor. Without crossing a major highway, I am an easy walk to Best Buy, Sport's Chalet, Petco, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Panda Express.
4	Most days, I love this location.  It is on my way to work (so close to freeway).  I have a "gold card" so every 15th drink is free.  Staff is smiling and chatty in a good way that is not over done.  Never had a problem getting my drink right until December 23 in the afternoon (I usually head there in the am).  I asked if they still had the salted caramel mocha frappuccino.  It's not the outside menu and my life would not have been over if she said no.  The girl asked me what I said and I repeated it.  She said yes and told me I would get my total at the window.  I get to the window and she hands me a frappuccino with nothing over the whip cream, so I know it's not the right drink.  I inform her that it's the wrong drink and she instantly takes it away to make me a new one.  Well, at this point, I have been in line for over 15 minutes and there are easily 4 cars beyond me (I couldn't see if there were more).  I wave to her and tell her that I will take it, I don't care.  I also asked her what she thought I said.  Apparently, she thought I asked if they still had the "classic mocha frappuccino."  She handed me the right drink and I drove away.  Honestly, I don't know if she was new, holiday staff or what, but the only thing that kept me from saying how stupid would I be to ask if they still have a class mocha frappuccino was my thought that it would not help me to be mean.  Happy Christmas thoughts!  Everyone was driving like they lost their minds.  I hope that was a crazy, one time event.  If you think that there is something nonsensical coming out of my mouth, please ask me what I said one more time or repeat what you think I said back to me.  Don't assume I'm an idiot asking if you have your most popular drink (that is clearly on the menu).
4	There are two locations where Yelp shows this Starbucks to be located. Actually there are half a dozen in this area. Location 1: 1300 W. Sunset is in level two of the Galleria Mall near Macys. Location 2: 661Marks Street  in SunMark Plaza [ features Best Buy, Petco, and JoAnne Fabrics] near the Panera Bread pad.  Location 1: When I visit the Galleria Mall, I usually make this Starbucks a customary stop. The majority of the time, it is engrossed with people. Due to good management, the lines move fast. For a regional mall location, the busy baristas are personable. I have never had difficulty finding a table. And if the tables were occupied, I'd walk a few feet to the food court. I find the mall location ideal for people watching. Finally a major luxury of this Starbucks is their own rest room. It would be a major inconvenience to have to pick up my belongings, schwep over to the food court rest room and hope that there is an available table when I return.. Location 2: In my beginning yelping days, I reviewed it. For the record all of the previous Yelp reviews for 1300 Sunset Road are reviews for 661 Marks Street. In my opinion [IMO] this is a smaller yet busy Starbucks. A good amount of activity, is cars cuing up for the drive thru. IMO, the drive thru is poorly laid out, causing a line, and some drivers oblivious of where the cue starts, or trying to cut in. The location is in the heart of the Henderson retail belt. It is convenient for people like me that shop in the area. My issue is getting onto northbound Marks Street- a nightmare. In true fashion to the majority of Starbucks, I hold the customer service in high esteem.
4	Expensive coffee!Yet this Starbucks in the mall is relaxing1.  Good efficient service2.  Quick lines and plenty of chairs!Can't beat this place for a relaxing time!  Having a Starbucks in the Galleria Mall is great!
4	the ladies at starbucks in the mall are sweet and friendly!
4	There's not much I can say about Starbucks that you dont already know. But one thing I can say about this specific location is that there always fast and super freindly.
4	Never a bad moment at ANY Starbucks
4	store has me driving out if my way to attend this one. fast ,friendly service. plain an simple.
3	Busiest starbucks that I have ever been to. Drinks were done correctly, but they only give out tall ( the smallest) for an ice water.... Even though we spent over $10 on drinks. One of their rules I guess.
5	I was so pleased with this location of Starbucks.  I was wandering through the mall and needed a boost.  The location is easy to find...  just follow the sweet smell of greatness!  There were a few people ahead of me in line but it moved quite quickly! The customer service was absolutely fabulous here.  The associate taking my order was very pleasant and cheery!  It's always nice to be treated like a valued customer.   It was probably the quickest I had every received my order and it was correct!  I think these employees need to teach some of the other locations how to do it.  Without a doubt I would stop here again.  Great employees make all of the difference!
