4	Dispatch is the second Pest Control service we've used since we've been in Las Vegas. We started with Orkin, which we were pleased with, but two things caused us to switch: 1) Orkin was about $70/service (every other month), Dispatch is $55/service (every other month), 2) we found a scorpion in the house, and when we talked with Dispatch, they said they would use a scorpion specific spray, we did not find any more scorpions after this. Also, not a reason we switched, but an important one, Dispatch uses chemical compounds that are much easier on the systems for dogs and cats. We have both, so this is important to us. We like Dispatch because they are always on-time, will spray inside the house or in the garage if we ask, and they are the most friendly and courteous professionals. We've had two different techs come out to our house (different techs do different areas) and we've been pleased with both. When we first went with Dispatch, we did sign a up for an auto pay plan, which cut down the cost. Also, at least when we signed up, Dispatch wasn't serving the whole valley, so I would check with them if interested.
2	BE WARNED: READ THE FINE PRINT!I'll admit: I was a sucker and swayed by handsome young salesman who came to my door. I hadn't had my home sprayed in some time and had seen a few unseemly critters scurrying across the floor on occasion. I let him talk me into a one-year contract that included half-price on the first visit if I signed up for autopay that day. I initialed where it said I'd pay a $150 fee if I canceled, in spite of the voice in my head that said, "Really? You need this?" Service-wise they show up and do what they say they'll do. At least I assume so; I was never home after the first visit but would instead come home to a note on my door saying they'd been by to service the property.Customer-service wise, however, they rank quite low. They have a bit of a scam operation going on, with an "automatic renewal" after your contract is fulfilled, written into the fine print. It states that you must specifically tell them, in writing no less, if you don't want them to continue beyond your contract date. I moved to a different home  mid-way through the contract, and I called them to give them the new address. At that time, I confirmed how many months were left on my contract. Silly of me to assume that actually ASKING how many months remain on my contract might indicate that I was not interested in continuing regular service beyond that date. Maybe this would be a place for her to ask or remind me that the service would automatically renew if I didn't specifically cancel. Oh but wait, why do that?  That might lead to someone actually confirming that they want to cancel. Better to wait and get at least one more month out of them. As a result of my naivety, Dispatch showed up after the contract end date to service my property against my wishes. When I found the "we've been here" note on my door and called to inquire, it was explained that while the salesman didn't explain this part of their policy, it is in the contract. Just a "so sorry, don't know what to tell you." When I pointed out the previous phone call during which I had inquired about months remaining, the response was, "Well I made no note of it, so you didn't ask us to cancel."  In other words, whether or not my intent was clear didn't matter. You have to say the specific words, PLEASE CANCEL.  I offered to compromise, since it appears we both made a mistake, and asked for a discount on the final service. Again, the answer was, "No, it's in your contract and you didn't specifically ask us to cancel."Alrighty then. I actually probably would have used them again on occasion; I just didn't want to have an automatic service. Now I feel scammed and irritated; both at myself, and at the sleazy and borderline unethical business practices of the company. Lesson learned.
5	first off I would like to start by saying you have to be kidding by not giving this company 5 stars. as we all well know for every great experience you have you tell 1 person, every bad you tell 10. We have been with Dispatch for 4 yrs. never had a single issue. To start I would like to state we have 13 fury,feathery, scaly family members, along with our organic garden. I have never been more comfortable with chemicals in my home. When we first moved into town I thought we had bought a one way ticket out on with the ant brigade..... my experience with ants have been a nightmare. I tried multiple "organic" and natural solutions and despite my efforts I was greeted daily by a conga line while attempting to enjoy breakfast. Yes, it is true, dispatch has very charming techs which is a bonus. The best part is that this is a small family owned company with only 2 employees, along with the owner whom actually comes out to do services himself. Dispatch goes above and beyond, making a point to always keep us happy. Anytime you feel in need of a service you can call and they will come  out asap regardless of your service schedule. Always on time and polite. As far as auto pay, it certainly is In both parties interest being a small company and not having to keep track as the customer. Jerry is a rock star tech, I request him for all services. As far as auto renew....Idk if I would necessarily call that a scam as all services "auto renew" unless otherwise notified. I highly recommend this company, happy to support a local business as well as keep my house pest free.
