5	This is now called Fry's Mercado.  It's as good if not better than the Ranch Markets.  Prices are so low they seem "almost free".   Everything looks really fresh because I'm guessing they move so much stuff so quick. They have the same specialty stores within a store as Ranch Market, you know a restaurant, bakery, juice/ice cream bar and tons of other "stations" for lack of a better word.    Muy bien.
5	Do you shop for groceries at Fry's?  If you do, you owe it to yourself to visit this location. It's called Fry's Mercado and it's all that.Upon entering the store, you feel something is amiss. As if someone should have checked your passport at the entry. Shake it off. Go check out the produce section to your immediate right.  Veggie bins unlike any Fry's you've ever visited. A typical Fry's produce section features many veggies all crowded together on one  long cooler bin.This store has bins of veggies...four by eight feet long with only one type of veggie in each bin.... piled so high you can't reach the top. And you know how your Fry's might have three or four mangos? This place has a bin of mangos. Hundreds.Same with tomatillos, green chiles, serranos, onions and tomatoes.In fact, the tomato bin is the biggest I've ever seen, short of a semi truckload coming straight off a farm.Let's move on.The deli. You're not going to find typical deli salads or boar's head meats here.Here you'll find entire sheets of pig skin deep fried. Yes, the entire skin of a pig fried whole and hanging behind the glass counter.Deep fried pork shoulder is another delicacy. In fact, everything here is deep fried. Look around and pick something for lunch. Hope you like grease. Now go sit and wait for your number to be called. And wait and wait and wait.Then, as you go to complain about the wait, you realize they've been calling out the order numbers in Spanish. Shit. You look at your ticket...forty two. You were listening for forty two english, not cuarenta y dos spanish. Your food is now cold.Shit again. Let's move on to the tortillarilla, shall we. This is where you can watch as they make fresh tortillas of every shape and size, corn, flour, and whole wheat.And while you're doing all this?Enjoy the in-store music system playing loud mariachi tunes. On your way out the door, you'll marvel at the check cashing area. A wall of plexiglass...the kind you see in prison movies where a guy in an orange suit is on the other side talking to some investigator on a phone. If none of what I've described is enough reason to visit, here's one more.  Cases of bottled water for 2.79. I can't even buy a gallon of gas for that. Note: If you're worried about whether or not your car will be where you left it, don't. They have a guy in a golf cart with a sign labeled 'Security' who routinely patrols the parking lot.Try this place. It's like going to Mexico without all the fuss of a passport, or dysentery.
3	I usually come here to get gas for my truck, however I have been inside the store a few times. This store is diffidently focused on the local Hispanic community. Like any other Fry's, it's your typical big boxy grocery store. With a bakery and deli. At this location you will see more Mexican ingredients and spices then other Fry's. Other then that, nothing special, no big deal.
