1	Ive been getting my dog groomed here for a few years. I liked dealing with the same few people and them knowing me and my pet by name. As a couple of the groomers started leaving I decided to stick to the one groomer I'd know longest, Jen. My dog is difficult, and Jen is great with her. However the last time I set up an appointment I was informed she was no longer available. Out of desperation I agreed to let the manager groom my dog thinking the manager must be as good as Jen or they wouldnt be manager right? Wrong. When I dropped my dog off he seemed to be completely confused by everything that was going on. Then my dog was at the salon for HOURS. Not 2 to 4 like it had always been before. More like 6 hours. So I tried to be understanding because it did seem like they had more than they could handle that day. But when I picked up my dog I was incredibly disappointed! The cut was choppy and uneven and my dog looked like she had stripes. There were spots that werent even shaved and my dogs nails seemed barely trimmed. I will never take my dog back to that petco. If that is the kind of management or even groomer they allow there they wont have my business ever again. I called around to every grooming salon vet and boutique in the general area and found jen at a vet and boarding facility on rose garden and cave creek and will be following her, soon most likely because I feel so bad for my baby. I would not recomend this grooming salon any more. While the manager seems to be a very nice person he doesnt appear to be a very good groomer. And the supporting staff is all new except for the one girl that I believe recently started doing hair cuts. If you go to this particular salon, good luck.
4	They don't seem to mind that my dog Reggie terrorizes the birds.
1	I stopped in here for the first time today since they carry my cat's brand of food (Spot's Stew) and I didn't want to have to trek out of my way to the health food store.  I walked by the animal enclosures, and ALL of the birds were sitting around in cages with no toys, silent and depressed.  Most of them were fluffed up and I even saw a cockatiel shivering slightly.  While most of the fish tanks looked fairly clean, there was a large tank with cloudy water and I could see some sort of tropical fish still in there.  I feel sorry for the poor animals and certainly won't be visiting this store ever again.
3	Better price on our dogs food than Petsmart...
2	This store is not adequately staffed. I always have to wait to get helped in the small animals area, typically around 5-7 minutes, sometimes longer, then again in line. The staff is nice, friendly and helpful, but rarely around. They seem to have a very high employee turnover.
1	Unfriendly employees (except one or two - one of the dog training girls is great) ,  always gossiping amongst themselves. Expensive prices,  but good specials with the rewards.  Store is usually unorganized.
2	Not a big fan.  I've shopped here several times but often am unable to find what I'm looking for.  I dropped in to buy a small pet bed for my Yorkie and they were out of small ones.  I purchased a sweater which was marked XS and when I got it home it was way too big so obviously mismarked.  I definitely prefer Pet Smart's much larger selection of just about everything.
1	Worst petco ever bad cashier rude will never go back and i don't recommend to anyone!!
5	I don't know about previous reviews but there has been a definatly change in this store in the last two weeks....there is product on the shelves, the animals look better cared for, and associates are nice!  There is a new manager and I think is responsible for the positive changes.  they have had my dogs blue buffalo in stock and the cashier actually seems happy to see my dog.
