1	first of all the school requires us to purchase a cap and gown from these price gauging charletains. cap and gown costs 27.50 not including tax and then they charge a 10.95 "handling fee" on top of that? what costs 10.95 to handle? I can "handle" it myself for you and save some money. what a load of crap. at about a 40% handling charge that is worse than ticketmaster's convenience fee. i will never ever ever buy anything else from this company and will tell everyone to run!
1	This place has the worst customer service ever!!  The store is only open Mon-Fri from 2pm-5pm and they mean 5pm on the dot!!  I arrived there about 3 mins after 5 and as I was walking up, the lady was about to close the door when I attempted to walk in and she stated "we are closed."  I was ready to say screw this place and let my child find some other way to get a cap and gown! I mean really who runs a business 5 days a week and is only open for 3 hours in the middle of the work and school day.  Most students within a 5-10 mile radius don't even get out of school til 3pm and if they play sports or have some other school acitivties going on or working parents it is impossible for them to get there.  I ended up getting what I needed and it took them a whole 5 mins if that not to mention that the lady working the counter made it a point to tell me that they want to go home! As I was walking back to my car 3 other students flew into the parking lot in hopes to catch them but of course they close at 5pm not a min after! I feel bad for the students because they are required by the school to do business with these people and so they feel that they do not need to cater to their customers!! You would think that at this time of the year they would at least extend their hours so that they could accommadate their customers!! I will NEVER use this place again, thank godness my younger child can use my older childs cap and gown to avoid giving them one more cent!
5	I have used this place for 3 times for graduations for my kids. Easy people to work with. They come to school so you can order it right there or you can go on line. Everybody was always very nice and polite. I have never had the need to go into the store with any of my kids. 2 of them I ordered on line. One at the school. Super easy. I think the other reviews are haters.
