5	We recently took our dog to Emergency Animal Clinic because she was jaundiced, lethargic, and not eating. Dr. Kelly Hehn evaluated her right away due to her serious condition. He diagnosed her with Evan's Syndrome and suggested that we leave her there overnight for care and support. We can't thank Dr. Hehn enough for the love and care he provided our little girl! She is still fighting this terrible disease but I wanted to say thank you to Dr. Hehn and staff at Emergency Animal Clinic for helping us during such a difficult time!
1	We had to bring our fur baby back for a second visit when our vet could not fit her in and she did not seem as sick until she started vomiting very early 6/29/12.  I knew she couldnt wait for her scheduled vet appointment that day.  It was the day before payday and I gave them every last penny I had because she was in renal failure at this point.  I asked the doctor who was Dr. Sarah Carotenuto if they could take a check to deposit in 24 hours when I was able to get my husbands check in the bank as I am disabled and not able to work.  She said they could not do that.  So through my tears I said: "What am I supposed to do just let me dog die because I do not have money until tomorrow."  I was completely horrified, shocked and many more things when she replied:  "It sucks I know"  I was mortified and at that point wanted my dog out of there ASAP.  I literally was horrified.  I had no intention not to pay I just needed a few more hours for they money they wanted and the compassion my fur baby deserved to save her life.  NEVER AGAIN!
5	We have come here many times over the years and have always encountered friendly and knowledgable staff. One time we brought in our German Shepherd who had been diagnosed a week earlier with a tumor that was growing by taking his blood. We knew he didn't have long left to live but kept him home because he wasn't suffering. Well we knew when his time had come when he collapsed. We rushed him to the emergency animal clinic. Someone met us in the parking lot as we were carrying our 100 lb dog and they took him to the back. We waited in a separate waiting room and we had a chance to say goodbye. The vet, vet techs and front desk staff were sensitive and sympathetic. We've had several end of pet life visits here-they always seem to happen in the middle of the night. During some of the hardest times of our life the staff has always been professional as well as sympathetic. They always send a sympathy card afterwards too. We've also been here several times for less dramatic problems and always had good experiences. Highly recommended.
1	This place does not even deserve one star. We took our 3 pound baby chihuahua there with severe head trauma and all they could talk about was the money they wanted up front. They were not willing to work with us on payments or even willing to wait until the next morning for payment! They even tried to send us away with our critically injured dog! Of course to save our dogs life we paid them the $1100 they charged to give her pain meds and keep her for observation. But that money was only enough for 12 hours!  We were told to come up with $800-$1000 more the next day! We took our baby out of there first thing in the morning and went to our normal vet. NEVER EVER will we go back there. Selfish heartless money hungry unprofessional people!
1	I'm too tired to write a review right now but I will put something down anyway. My dog got hit by a car yesterday. We rushed to this clinic and we were essentially given three options. The first 5000$ option was surgery, second 2000$ option was keep dog overnights or monitoring  and do nothing and maybe have to do surgery in the morning (5000$ option) when the on call surgeon was to be reached. Option number 3  was to euthanize my dog.  I chose none of those. I chose to watch her at home and paid for added labs to see if she was bleeding into the abdomen. I was told she had a lot of blood in her belly (determined by ultrasound and abdominocynthesis) which on my exam seemed unlikely ( soft not painful not distended belly). I also paid for additional home pain meds and to have vitals checked again. This was approximately and extra 100$. Total bill I think was over 300$, my girlfriend paid for it. I asked that the IV not be taken out. This is when things turned sour.  I considered going to another vet and felt IV access would allow for easy sedation. I refused further care and asked to be allowed to leave. While waiting for doc to do an ultrasound and tap my dogs belly to check for blood I had researched management of abdominal trauma in dogs and found conservative watch and wait approach was acceptable if not preferred. Can you tell I'm a surgeon yet? I called a friend who is a vet tech  in Flagstaff and was told they would think I was crazy but it would make sense to take the dog and watch her and not do immediate surgery. She told me the moraine they give the dog makes her breath rapidly and look like she is in pain making her look worse than she is and to expect that after I got to see her again. When I got the dog back I asked to be allowed to leave. The vet at this clinic stood in my way as I was trying to carry my dog out. I managed to squeeze by her and get to my car and loaded the dog in the back as my girlfriend signed paperwork to leave against medical advice and paid the bill. We paid for treatment that was refused to us after we asked that the IV be kept in. As I waited three police officers arrived. I then began to be threatened with being arrested for theft of a IV catheter and disorderly conduct if i did not allow the staff to remove the IV catheter. Thankfully the Police did not pursue this line of discussion very long. I respectfully let everyone know I would sign paperwork that I took responsibility of the care of my pet. I let the Police officer know  that i was not going to allow anyone treat my dog and  was leaving but I was going to cooperate with anything the police instructed me to do. I started recording the interaction. I was detained for over 30 minutes at 2:30 am. I was released, I was within my rights to refuse further care. I did not allow myself to be bullied. I was told not to come back to Peoria by the police officer. I ended up going home and the following day made an appointment to be seen in a Scottsdale clinic. As I drove to Scottsdale the manager of that clinic called me back and said that they had reviewed my chart from the Peoria clinic and the Scottsdale surgeon refuses to see my dog. What was written in the chart? I quickly got on a phone and made an appointment with a second clinic in mesa the one my friend the vet tech from Flagstaff recommended. After arriving there I was met by a very nice vet. I literally broke down crying at their front desk. The vet informed me that the Peoria clinic had notified him that I had not paid my bill the previous night. I showed him the receipt for the treatment. He also said that they accused me of being aggressive and threatening but I seemed to be ok and he would not refuse me care. My dog was finally taken care of. She received a CT and was found to have a brachial plexus injury. No broken pelvis and no bladder injury which I was worried about. No need for surgery. I got a refund from this new clinic I originally paid 800$ but after completing the treatment the Mesa vet refunded me 130$. If my dog had serious injuries it would have been hard to justify heroic measures to keep her alive. As it turned out she likely will be paralyzed in one leg but will recover without major surgery that would have put her through pain and suffering and made this clinic $5000. I am devastated that I may never mountain bike with my dog again but she is alive and recovering next to my bed right now. The vet at Mesa clinic I attended said that in 15 years of practice he does not recall ever doing major surgery on an animal just because they have blood in the abdomen.  I feel like the Peoria clinic did not like my refusal of unnecessary and costly intervention and then took it out not only on me but on my sick animal by attempting to prevent me from seeking care anywhere else. I am considering seeking legal action and if anyone has any suggestions on how I should do this please email me nbujak@yahoo.com
1	After leaving this clinic. (See my prior review). I went to another clinic I was denied care no reason was given.  My girlfriend informed me today that she was denied care at two other clinics that day  after they reviewed the records from the Peoria clinic. She was the one making phone calls to try to get my dog care.  Something in the chart that was faxed over to the other surgical pet centers made those surgeons not want to see me. I went to a fifth clinic without notifying them who I was. They did agree to see me but told me that after calling around they were informed I had left the prior night without paying. I paid for my full care at this new clinic immediately with a credit card  and then after the treatment was completed I was actually refunded money. I will write a review of this amazing center later. My dog did not have significant abdominal bleeding. This was determined by a CT the appropriate test in this case. The Peoria clinic probably does not have a CT scanned so they do X-rays and ultrasounds which are not as good at diagnosing the pet and together  more expensive. Today I realize If my dog had abdominal bleeding she would have died because we were refused care at multiple emergency pet hospitals as a result of us refusing to be treated in this Peoria clinic. When I first came into the Peoria clinic and what I was most concerned with was the paw which I thought might be broken. The  Peoria vet missed the diagnosis of brachial plexus avulsion/injury and did not even mention any leg injury but tried to make the diagnosis of intra-abdominal  bleeding that needed surgery. (5000$ bill). She did not address possible bladder rupture or pelvic fracture in a dog that is prone to hip dysplasia. This is negligent. Where is the justification of opening up a dogs abdomen if she will never walk again or if you can't repair a severely lacerated bladder? I am a surgeon I have seen abdomens in human beings that needed immediate surgery. I was not believing this awful vets diagnosis and attempts to extort money from me. I stood my ground maybe not in the best way possible but I was stressed and on the brink of breaking down. Below is the picture of the receipt of payment that I was given in the Peoria clinic. Why did they then tell other clinics that we did not pay? Why did they prevent me from seeking care for my dog? The attitude seems to be comply with out treatment plan, have us make lots of money or we will prevent you and your pet from getting care anywhere else. Stay away from this scam. It's been days. My dog is recovering. I have asked to speak to the clinic owner to voice my concerns and have received a reply. STAY AWAY FROM THIS CLINIC
5	When I arrived at the ER animal clinic I was frantic. The front desk remained calm as did the first vet assistant who took her back. I was a bundle of nerves on the waiting room. after a quick assessment of my dogs vitals and a check for a snake bite she was appearing to be ok. They brought her out and offered for her to wait on my arms instead of in the back and I was very appreciative. If anything changed all I needed to do was let them know. Soon and room opened up and we waited in the back. Another poor sweet critical condition animal was brought in so the wait was pretty long but I didn't mind because they checked on us frequently. They brought water and checked inn on us every 20-30 minutes or so. I don't get upset about wait times because I love my dog so much I would only hope the same would be done for her if she were hit or severely injured. Soon the vet saw us, gave some recommendations on treatment options and told us how to know the difference between reptile/insect bites/stings in the future so we know what to look for. Our little pup got a tiny shot of pain medication to the paw and she was almost good as new. I thank the team there for their kindness and calmness and for taking care of my little puppy Alex.
5	This isn't the first time that we have had to use their services. Everyone is everything that you would hope for in an emergency situation. Our dog was properly cared for and we were not charged or asked to do any unnecessary procedures. My dog was rushed back before I had even put an pen to the forms they ask you to fill out or before they had even asked for any payment of any sort. In this last incident my dog only required an exam and there was no request to do anything unnecessary or any pushing of any services that weren't needed. So my bill was very low this time. On a previous visit the cost was a little more but that was because I authorized them to do tests and x rays. If your going to own a pet just remember that when you're there for emergency medicine that it may be cost a little bit, but that is part of being a pet owner. One last thing on the topic is that everyone needs to remember that this is a business and they cannot afford to stay open if they aren't paid for their services, as much as it sucks it does cost money to run a business and to pay employees and for supplies and equipment. If you're that worried about costs go buy pet insurance. In summary, you hope you will never need their services but if you do you can be assured that you're pet will be taken care of as best as possible here.
4	I would definitely recommend this place if your pet needs to be seen urgently. The outcome can be a bit pricey and that's why I gave it one less of a star. As well as the facility not being the cleanest. We sat in a waiting room for hours with blood on the floor.On the other hand... the staff is wonderful, compassionate, and quick to help as well as keeping you at ease. They all seem knowledgable which also helps leaving your friend at their care, especially if you can't be back there with them.
