5	An outstanding men and women's clothing boutique in Pittsburgh. It focuses on durable clothing made from premium materials under just and sustainable practices. Mid-Atlantic Merchantile carries brands such as Rogue Territory, Tellason, 3sixteen, and Naked & Famous. MM is unquestionably the best store for men's raw denim in Pittsburgh.In addition to the great selection, MM provides phenomenal customer service. I did not feel pressured to buy anything, and everyone in the store was friendly. I had the opportunity to speak with the owner, Emily. She is extremely knowledge about both men and women's clothing. She really cares about the products that she sells which is exemplified by how informative and insightful she is.The last two details that I wanted to mention are that the fitting rooms are very spacious and the store-front is made of clear glass so that you can see the color of the garments you are trying in natural light.Mid-Atlantic Mercantile is a necessary stop for anyone who appreciates fashion.
5	I was working in Pbh for a week and stopped along Butler Street when I had a break or two. Mid-Atlantic was a gem of a boutique, and Emily was great to chat with! The women's dresses and blouses were super sweet and the prices were terrific (coming from Chicago, where we tax you within an inch of your life, the no-sales-tax-on-clothing is a bonus).  You get a great cloth bag with your purchase, and Emily took special consideration with her business cards as well; they are keepers, souvenirs. For me, it was also special knowing that the owner lives in the neighborhood. I will be back to this shop as soon as I come back into town!
5	This is a great boutique.  The owner, Emily, is personable and very chatty.  The store is crafted with a careful attention to detail with a focus on Pittsburgh/USA artisans and because it's smaller, you know that every piece is there for a reason.  While some are a little pricy, there are great finds on the sale rack (I snagged a silk blouse and didn't feel guilty because it's an investment - these pieces are quality selections).  I also love the accessories.  I'm wearing a bangle/cuff from Studebaker Metals and I can't wait to get more and stack them up.Emily said that this shop is a collaborative effort - one of her friends works with leathers at Homestead Supply co (which she carries) and another does lettering.  Her cards are from Sapling Press.  She said she hopes to carry more items from other Pittsburghers.  And lastly, she buys pieces for particular patrons in mind.  Talk about locally minded!Raw denim, charming dresses, a "small-batch'/craft feel, and a welcoming person are waiting for you, so get here.
5	Just another place to feed my shopping addiction! And I'm 100% okay with that because I'm keeping it local...This place is ADORABLE. I just love the aesthetic, with the rustic wooden shelves and tables, plus the quirky Pittsburgh merchandise placed throughout. And most of all, I love that they carry Dear Creatures, one of my new fave brands! While this is not a cheap store, everything in here is quality, American made merchandise, which I can appreciate. Plus, there's still a sale rack! Which I hit up and scored a Dear Creatures dress and coat for $100. Boom!I love that the owner, Emily, has created such an inviting atmosphere. I can't wait to see what fresh new clothes the seasons will bring. You better know I'll be stopping in frequently, so keep those shelves stocked my friend!
