2	We headed back to the One Eyed Dog for some fish & chips with friends the other day and were very disappointed.It seems that the One Eyed Dog is no longer and now the location is Clancy's Pub. The temporary sign does have a shamrock logo (which we thought may have indicated it was now an Irish bar - nope) and also reads Pizza & Grill.While the decor is still similar and many of the staff have been retained the big change that disappointed us was a completely new menu. Gone are the English specialties such as shepherd's pie, bangers & mash, bangers beans & chips, Scotch eggs, etc. They've even done away with their excellent fish and chips preparation. To be fair, we didn't try the new twist. One of the big draws for us last visit was an interesting English menu with great execution.Now the menu is quite bland and the execution wasn't great either.  Our table had a BLT (not bad), a burger and a couple of wraps. Nothing stood out. Nothing super interesting. No raves for any of the food. The menu now consists of burgers, sandwiches, salads, wraps, pizza, etc. The one thing that comes to mind is that they have tater tots. They've also eliminated some of the interesting beers (Boddington's, etc.) that were also a draw for us.The staff were nice as before but we probably won't be back.While some of it may be due to the change and the newness of the menu, I'd rather hit Zipp's next door whose execution of a similar menu is far better (in my opinion).Might be great for some.  Just not our gig.
5	I was very excited to find out that the one eyed dog was taking over new ownership.  All of the food previously was salty and deep fried, and to me tasted the same.  I went for drinks but never for food.  My husband and I went there last night for food and drinks, and the pizza is amazing.  I was impressed that someone was finally making taco pizza in scottsdale.  Friendly staff, strong drinks, and now great food.  Much better than the one eyed dog!  I will be back.
2	when i first saw that a 'pizza and grill' was on its way i was very interested as ive never bothered with the prior establishments there.my buddy and i went there rather quickly during opening week only to find out they did not have any pizza yet....after a couple weeks we decided to try again and see what could become of this place. happy hour is unimpressive with drink specials. $2 domestic bottles is an okay deal, but $13 for a shallow premium pitcher seemed excessive. but they do have a couple good quality brews.a rather small, quiet place with a patio and 5 flatscreens. it could be a nice place to catch a Cards or Dbacks game, that is if they maybe put the sound on.but it really came down to the pizza. getting a 12" with pepperoni was an ideal test. turns out it was decent. toppings seemed generous, but the crust seemed a bit generic. maybe their specialty pizzas are the key(?). pizza-wise they are a slight upgrade on Zipps (next door), but thats not really saying much cause im not a fan of zipps pizza.i was expecting much more considering the word 'pizza' is right in the pub's title. really not a good enough reason to go back as Zipps is right next door with better drink deals and atmosphere.i wish them luck.
3	OK. Not a bad bar...but it is definitely missing something. I am not sure what, I went here for a quick bite to eat before class at SCC and a quick drink with a friend.The service was kind of slow. and the place was a bit a mess, I guess this is a great place if your a Scottsdale deuschbag. Me and my friend sat at the bar and listened to all the drunks talk about their most recent DUI and how it was not their fault and how they were about to go out to the car and commit another misdemeanor.The food was mediocre, and my beer was slightly warm. Not real impressed, but willing to give this place one more chance before I write it off completely.
3	Stopped into Clancy's on my way home from work the other aftenoon for a couple of beers before home.  Went in and sat at the bar - sweet gal behind the bar came over and I ordered a bottle.  The beer was ice cold - just what I needed.  She asked if I was going to eat, I said no, but I'd like to peruse the menu.  She brought over a menu and I looked it over.  pretty much a little bit of everything, but it all sounded pretty good.  Come to find out that the new owners of this place have several of these establishments back in Omaha, Nebraska, and they do quite well - I'm sure this place will as well.  I'm always looking for a neighborhood place, I think I may have just found it ... I'll be back ... oh, by the way - bottles of beer were only $2 during happy hour ... I like that!  Give it a go ...
2	i sat down and my chair slid half way across the restaurant.  from now on, anytime I see wheels under chairs, i'm leaving.  bottom line with this place - i can't imagine why anyone would go here with zipp's in the same parking lot?  pizza was average and drink specials weren't very special.  blah!
3	The drinks and service were awesome. The people watching was awesome. The food is not all that great, but you're probably drunk, so that doesn't matter... This is one of those wierd anomalies in Scottsdale that drew myself and friend to it instead of having to deal with the roofie date-rape scene in the surrounding bars (and there's 38+ bars in this neighborhood to avoid, just in case you're not interested in meeting and listening to 25-35 year-old douchebags talk about their stock options or the "chick" they almost bagged the night before.The drinks were well-poured, the staff was really friendly, there were a few locals who were entertaining, and really, this was just a comfortable relaxing place to hang out for a couple hours. I'd totally come back.
4	Clancy's might finally be the marquee to stick around this location.  My signage memory only goes as far back as Sunday's, and the one time I went in, I was probably the youngest person in there by 25 years- I wasn't their target demo.One-Eyed Dog?  It's fine... but every single time I walked in there, weekday or weekend, there was Karaoke.  I'm all for hatcheting up a song, as I do a fairly awful version of "Centerfold" myself, but I don't want to sing it seven nights a week, and you can only hear "Goodbye Earl" done badly so many times.Clancy's?  It's simple.  It's an Irish pub.  Food is a small notch above typical bar food, and the Nachos were surprisingly effective.  The pizza was reasonable, nothing special.  The burgers- I'm a fan.  Beer selection is decent, staff is more friendly than just about any in Scottsdale.  My friend took issue with his treatment by the ownership the last time there, but that's his cross to bear.  I guess they don't take kindly to Canadian Hockey fans during the Olympics threatening to commandeer the microphone to sing their national anthem.  Now THAT would have been some singing I'd have loved to hear.It's a simple Irish Pub with simple bar food.  If you don't feel like an Old Town club but do feel like a drink, you can pull in, park, eat, drink, be treated well at the bar, converse, leave, and do so without any pain, then this is a solid place to do so.  In this area, sometimes simple is better.
2	Looks:  Stripmall bar with a small outdoor patio.  Inside was dark with cheap furniture... your standard dive bar.Crowd:  Must have been senior citizen night.  The place wreaked of despair.  Granted, it was Monday at 6pm.  I've heard the place gets a decent crowd on other nights.Food:  We got 2 burgers and a chicken sandwich and they were all fairly awful.  The burgers were slightly overcooked, on big wonderbread buns fresh from the bag.  No lettuce or tomato.  The fries and tater tots were decent, though clearly not homemade.Value:  Beers were very cheap during happy hour.  The food prices were about what you'd expect from a bar... maybe slightly higher.  The burgers were on special for $7.Service:  Good.Miscellaneous:  Beers were available in mini-pitchers, which I think is a nice touch.  The patio is dog friendly.Verdict:  I'll never eat there again.  That's for sure.  It's an OK place to grab a beer, but there are lots of other (better) food & drink choices around this place.
3	OK, this place is down the road from my place so it is convenient, which is the biggest draw. Also, the food is better than the atrocious Zips next door and the happy hour deals are awesome. For the most part the service is friendly and efficient, except for one Saturday night where the bartender cut off the girls in our group because they were getting too loud. Listen bitch, Clancy's is a bar, it is a Saturday night and they were 2 drinks deep. Wtf? Your job is to sell drinks and allow people to have a good time. You should be fired! Anyways I've been back since and not had a problem so I will go ahead and give it 3 stars. This place is also great for sports and is a huge Nebraska Cornhusker's bar. Go there on a Saturday in September to witness the debauchery if you can get a table. So, to wrap it up, go here if you want decent bar food, cheap drink prices for Scottsdale and a friendly atmosphere. I will be back.
1	My girlfriend and I walked into this pub after Zips was packed on a Sunday afternoon.  We were starving and didn't want to drive anywhere else so we figured we'd try Clancy's.  This was our first mistake.  Strip mall bar is complement for this dump.  The projector TV on the wall was faded, barely visible, and of course the one TV with the Cardinals game on was back under it's dingy bar so it was barely visible.  Food:  We ordered the Hot Wings, Pepper Jack Burger, and for an appetizer Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole.  All of these bar munchies are basically impossible to screw up by anyone not drooling on themselves or riding a short bus yet this place managed to ruin all three.  The wings seemed like they were microwaved and barely had any sauce on them.  The burger showed up with meat, cheese, and a bun.  I was graciously provided rubbery pickles but apparently lettuce and tomato aren't grown in this section of Scottsdale as they were noticably missing.  But lets get to the best part...the guacamole.  To say this stuff was brown and disgusting would be an insult to the Coach Purses and Skin of the Scottdale women everywhere.  This wasn't just a dusting of top that could be scraped off but was through and through this deliciously looking turd treat.   Needless to say I'll never return to this culinary hell hole unless I lose a bet that will benefit special need puppies.
3	Normally go here on Wednesday for their $5.00 steak deal.  To be able to get a New Strip, small salad and fries for 5.44 it is a good deal. The drinks are high 2.00 for a soda or tea it a bit much so stick with water.  It is a total dive bar. Service:  Good.
3	Nice relaxing place, food is a bit slow to get out of the kitchen but it is good bar food. Burgers are good, my rubin was tasty and over all nice spot for lunch. If they could speed up the service I'd rate them higher.
4	I have a special place for Clancy's in my heart because I am from NE and have been to the Clancy's in Omaha many times and I'm a huge Husker fan.  So ya, my review is a little biased.  I go to Clancy's pretty often during football season and its always packed.  Its a small bar/restaurant but the drinks are cheap and the food is good.  I've said it before, any place with tots is a friend of mine.  I've gotten burgers, wings, pizza, etc from there.  It has all been good, not amazing but good.  I'll continue to go there for the Husker season!
3	This place is fair to middlin' as neighborhood pubs go. I will say that the staff both times I've been has been very friendly and helpful, especially Mary. I will agree with some of the others who've cited the crowd as being fairly geriatric, and it seems to be a pretty low brow crowd overall. But, for a quick pint and ok appetizer, it fits the bill if you're in the neighborhood. Oh - and I agree that the drink specials aren't that special for this place. At happy hour a pint of Guinness was still $5??? Not a good way to keep 'em coming back for more or coming at all, Clancy's.
3	Hole in the wall. Neighborhood bar. A-Ok, but not great. I stumbled in here last night in search of food with my friends. We went over to Zipps, sat down, and then discovered that their kitchen closes at Midnight, and Clancy's was our next best bet.The drinks are pretty standard. Typical beer selection, and nothing too notable other than an average liquor selection. They do have food until closing time, which is a plus. You can get reubens, quesadillas, and most importantly, tots. Yeah. Tots. Hell yeah. I don't understand how an Irish themed place can have all this kind of stuff on the menu, but who cares. You come here to drink, and then eat because you have to. I'd come here again if I was in a pinch, but its certainly not a destination point.
4	I love fish n' Chips Friday at Clancy's on Friday.
5	I'm going to say this straight up - I'm basing this review solely on their Saturdays in the fall.  That's right, I'm a Husker.  And I'm proud.  So there.If you are a displaced Nebraska fan looking for a bar to watch the game at, Clancy's is the place to be.  They deck the entire place out so that you actually feel like you are in a bar on O Street back in Lincoln, and they serve the ever dangerous Husker Punch (well, they substitute vodka in for the Everclear we used in college, but that's probably a wise safety precaution on the part of the owners...).  The food isn't the greatest, but it's typical of any bar food you'd find at a small bar and grill.  But like I said, I'm not reviewing the food, I'm reviewing the Game Day atmosphere.  The bartenders are attentive and polite, and I always feel right at home.  It honestly brings a bit of Nebraska to me in Arizona.Word to the wise - if you are planning on heading out there on one of the aforementioned Saturdays, get there at least an hour before kick-off or you risk not having a place to sit.
4	Was in last night and Mary - who's like the sun shining at night - warmed the room with her smile, attentiveness and sweet demeanor, making my list of favorite servers anywhere. Had 2 Stellas and their oh so unique Reuben egg rolls with 1,000 Island dip. Uh...yum? Good place to watch the game - or variety of games, that is - and mingle with locals. Lots of "regular Joes" and friendly people. I like.
1	Was there a week ago and was treated so poorly by the big bouncer/bartender that coming back is a stretch.  If you are not a regular, friend of the staff, or die hard Nebraska fan, he made it known that you are not welcome with his service and attitude.  Good luck to the owners future success while employing such rude service in a service industry.
4	My friends rave about this place bc they are locals and come here often, everyone knows everyone. The food is good and the servers/ bartenders were nice and treated us well, especially bc we went there with our friends who are regulars. It is fun to drink there on a fri. Or sat. Night. Clean bar. Good food. And really close within walking distance to other places. Recommend.;)
3	Down right hole in the wall local bar.  Not too much going on around in here, but looks like there's quite a bit of regulars.  Drinks came fast and easy and so did the food. I ordered some fries and they were decent.Bartender was cool.  He seems to know a lot of the regulars, but was very social in general.  If you're not used to local neighborhood bars I would not pick this place for a drink.  I myself don't mind since this place reminds me of the Midwest bars I used to attend. - Enjoy!
3	Server Mary was great! There is a large selection of food items at a really fair price We sat on the outside patio which had plenty of TV's to watch all the NFL games. A little disappointed that at 2p on a Sunday (during Football season) they were out of a few types of draft beer. I partook in the Emerald Green Burger. It was very tasty  and cooked just right. The other people at my table ordered the French dip & the Salmon plate. The Salmon was a fail. It was overcooked and the sauce was bland.
4	NEBRASKA FANS UNITE!!!This place is straight legit NE. Best place to watch CREIGHTON & Husker games as this place is owned by the same midwest family that owns the Clancys' locations in Omaha.There's a group of Creighton alumni that get together for most of the basketball games... a rare finding in the wild wild southwest.Parking is a kind of a problem in this strip mall.... so be prepared to circle the lot a few times~!
1	Extremely disappointing beer selection.  For an Irish pub, I expected more than the usual Anheuser-Busch products.  They did have Heineken and Harps but the only darker option was Guiness and the tap was broken.  The place (particularly the restrooms) seemed a little dirty.  Food was boring.  I will not be visiting this place for happy hour again.
3	Decent local pub with a loyal following. This is really close to home but I rarely visit as it is typically slow with a half dozen regulars hanging out. I will be in to try the food soon though.
3	Ok, yes, I came back again because one of my co-workers really loves their tater tots. This time the Guiness tap was working and they also had Harp so at least with that you can do a black and tan. I ordered a Guiness as well and they even made a little shamrock in the foam. I had to give them an extra star for that.
2	Came in here on a random Tuesday night, which is apparently "Southwestern night". Deals on tacos, taco salad, and margaritas. Margaritas are definitely nothing to write home about. and the service was ok. Total for four people was $41, which included a margarita and a beer. Randomly, a side of mayo is a quarter and a side of guacamole is a dollar...but they're the same size.Guess they have a $4.99 steak deal on Wednesdays, which also requires a $2 drink purchase. Wide variety of people in the bar. Definitely a place for locals and  regulars. Dart board, TVs, and looks like some Nebraska fans.Will we go back? Meh...
4	Not a bad place.  Not bad at all, actually.  A nice alternative when their neighbor, Zipps, is jammed - or when you want a lower-key outing.  Somewhat of a hole-in-the-wall, but my wife and I were impressed with the food (considering it was a bar).  Drink selection isn't bad, and their service was friendly and prompt.  We'll be back in.
1	Wth, our water and diet Pepsi glasses sat empty for like an hour.  Tried three times to ask for a refill and some nachos and she walks away every time.   Finally I'm ticked off and she asks if I'd like a refill.  I say yes and can we get.... Ignored again!  Either she's deaf or terrible at her job!
5	Good food, service and prices.  Only real neighborhood pub feeling around.  Go Big Red.
4	A large group of us came for St. Patrick's Day.  It was only a $5 cover, and there was amazing service, awesome live music, and great drinks.  Not sure I'll return on an ordinary night out, but this was a very fun time.
5	Super fun happy hour spot.  Great food, cold beer, every game you could imagine on the TV's, yet we were still able to talk to each other and actually hear our own conversation.PLUS!!!!
4	Nice little bar with fair prices, cool staff and great Irish nachos. Tulley due is also available plus Guinness is on tap like any good Irish pub. Also, I'd like to give a shout out to Tracy who is a great bar tender.
3	Not too crowded on a recent Friday night. Had the corner booth for about 4 hours with my soon to be ex-first date person. She ordered a plain Jane burger ($6.99) and there were several fruit fly's who liked her bun. The Bud Lights were reasonable at $2.50 each and my grilled chicken wrap at $8.99 was good, but smallish and the fries and tots were both undercooked. The chicken was top quality and guacamole was good once I reminded her that order does include guac. Service was pretty good as well, but TV volume for Suns game was way too high.
5	An awesome family owned establishment with good food and great prices. No Clancy's trip is complete until you do at least one shot of fireball and don't forget to try the weekly lunch specials. If you're looking for a nice non-douche bag neighborhood Scottsdale bar you found it!
5	Cool pub, great staff, good prices and surprisingly good food, was a nice treat. Went two days in a row and I'm sure I'll be back many more times.
4	Great dive bar, awesome on St. Pattys day.
4	We only stopped by Clancy's to kill an hour and have a drink (or two).  The patio looked inviting, filled with people enjoy themselves. And, once it got dark, it was illuminated by christmas lights. I am a sucker for decorative lighting (hence the purple christmas lighting that I leave up year-round).  Since we were only doing drinks though, we opted for the bar. I was satisfied with their well-stocked varieties of fruity flavored liquors.  I am a girl. I will admit it: I like  girly drinks.  I was immediately drawn to their "cereal shooter" menu, which included seven or eight shooters that mimicked cereal flavors.  I got the "Trix" flavor, which was Rumchata, raspberry vodka, orange vodka and blue curacao.  Although there are quite a few ingredients, the drink lives up to its name - it is a shooter - there is not much to savor.  However, it also really does taste like it promises, so I do recommend these if you like leftover sugary cereal milk.The place is pretty small yet there were a lot of televisions.  This is a great thing if you love watching sports! I am not much of a sports person, so more reasoning why next time I will sit outside.Towards the end of our hour, we were approached  by an angry man wearing sunglasses and talking loudly and rudely. We were oblivious that he was talking loudly and rudely to *us*.  It had something to do with his contempt for New York and itchiness. However, I don't mind a little drama when I am out and about, and the staff handled it really well. If anything, it was a bonding moment for us and the follow patrons at the bar.  Normal people unite!!I would  go back to Clancy's (to order food and sit outside).  It had a good vibe, good staff and were not stingy with their Maraschino cherries at the bar.
4	This is a chill place off the beaten path in Old Town, mostly regulars come here and  you can walk over to Zipps next door.
3	Great local bar in Scottsdale which is mostly locals other than during the Nebraska Husker games. Funny that we are not true Nebraska fans but by default since we have friends who are Big Red fans so we patron during the games. They have Great chicken wings and decent bar food but no gluten free beer option so I only give it 3 stars.
4	This place was pretty great to watch a packer game! The TVs out on the patio were fantatic given the good weather, and the service was spectacular given how busy they were! The staff was great at keeping our drinks full and the drink specials during game time were pretty good. Food was pretty average, but to be fair we only had the chicken strips. Definately plan on coming back for another game and trying out the pizza since that is what they seem to be known for
5	The food? Ok. The drink selection? Ok. But the service at this place, and specifically, that delivered by Tracey the bartender, garner a coveted 5-star rating from this yelper. The bar was busy enough to warrant 2 bartenders, but she really had everything covered. She even had the presence of mind to ask if I wanted her to put another drink order in for me before happy hour ended. Most people are immediately able to sense what a drunk I am, but unlike Tracey, few are willing and able to coddle my addiction so proactively. Great job Tracey, and great job Clancy's!
2	Bad experience. Waitress/Bartender was too busy playing on her phone, talking on her phone, and flirting with the bar patrons. We were the first lunch customers. Maybe 2 ppl at the bar. Our food sat for 5 minutes after the cook rang the "order up" bell. We waited 10-15 min for our check after we finished eating. Another 10 min before she ran the credit card and brought it back. I suggest the owner/manager be more aware on worker performance and customer satisfaction. She just lost two customers for good. We have been there maybe 4 or 5 times before. However, we will not return.
