5	I decide to remodel cabinets in my home after 14 years of being here.  After may hours of  researching, I went with Willbanks Kitchen Design Center.  They were friendly and very helpful from the beginning.  Their professional staff was attentive, trustworthy, and patient.  Since I knew nothing about cabinets, they were extra kind in explaining everything to me.  Right from the start I was happy with the service they provided me.  And let me tell you, my cabinets look amazing.  I would recommend this company to anyone who is looking to improve their home.
5	This is an awesome company !!  They are very knowledgeable about their product and also about additional products I will need for my remodel.  The service is first rate and the pricing is good.  I had lots of questions and concerns and they addressed every one of them in a very positive way.  I recommend them to everybody I meet and will continue to do so.  If you want anything done in your home, start here and save yourself the time and energy of shopping around.  Their products are top quality.  I will continue to praise them....I've sent them lots of people and they've all been 100% satisfied !!  Thank You.
5	Our condo had dated cabinets in need of replacement badly. Fortunately, we live close to the Willbanks. We stopped by and talked to Joe and made an appointment for him to stop by and give us an estimate. Their estimate sounded very reasonable and they commited to do the entire job from the start to finish.  Today they finished the job and it turned up just the way we wanted. During the process Joe and the owner, Buddy  were very helpful. The installer, Jeff was a true professional, working as neatly as possible. In my opinion, this is a top notch operation and I certainly would go back to them whenever I need a similar remodeling.
5	I had three bids out for my kitchen remodel. All three bids were comparable. It the end it came down to quality and customer service.  Top notch customer service and great quality cabinetry.  Very attentive and they all go the extra mile to ensure you get what you want.
