4	Friendly staff, prompt service. I love the fact that it's cats only,  nothing freaks out kitty more than the smell of dog when he's locked up in a box. What I really love about this place, and I don't know if this is just normal in Vegas, but it seemed so bloody reasonable. I moved here from San Francisco, and I was never able to get out of the vets office there without sacrificing a full paycheck. They always used to sneak something else on the bill too, like a full exam when you're only there for a booster shot. This is standard practice in SF.  At All About Cats, I took the baby in for a bunch of shots, full exam, and parasite test. The total bill was only double digits. I was absolutely shocked. I could actually afford the medical care for my kitty.  When I went back for his booster shot, they threw in a follow up exam for free. As a bonus, they offer the recombinant vaccines which are supposedly safer for cats than the killed virus vaccines which are standard at most clinics.  All in all, it's a nice clinic, and they give kitty toys to play with while he waits for the doctor.
5	We've always had good luck with Vets, but our trip to All About Cats was the best experience we've had a vet ever. One of our cats has been in not so good health for the last couple months, and our other vets treated her for a UTI but she still seemed under the weather. They had even suggested the unthinkable as this cat is a senior cat. Knowing that our cat was still in her prime we went for a second opinion. I found reviews of AAC on other websites, and thought this could be a good place to go. The facility is one of the cleanest vets I've ever been into, and the staff is very friendly, very prompt and very caring. We were able to get an appointment with 2 days notice, which was great. When we met with the vet tech, she spent about 15 minutes with us going over the ins and outs of their philosophy and a bit of our cat's history. Once we met with the Dr. she did a thorough examination, and she spent over 30 minutes with us getting a feel for what was going on with our cat. We have never had that much time with a vet before. When we explained that our previous vet had suggested the unthinkable option this Dr. said she was not going to suggest that today...this is the kind of thinking I appreciate in any kind of Dr. After they ran tests on our cat, the Dr. spent another 15 minutes going over the results and the course of treatment. Our other vet didn't catch some other issues that were going on with our cat, and didn't fully treat the UTI. Now we have a positive course of action that will allow our cat to regain her health. We have decided to bring both our cats here now. The prices were pretty consistent with our other vet, and worth every penny.
5	I've used Yelp for a few years. The reason I joined today  is to speak about this Veterinary Hospital.Everyone in the area has seen the really cute, large, green neon cat face on Durango by Tropicana. I drove by this place for years thinking it was some kind of niche, overpriced cat place. I could not have been more wrong. Well, it is a place for cats. That was correct.The facility:The building is designed specifically for cats and their owners in every way. It's very clean and quiet. The decor is cat themed, but somehow still in good taste. There are even paw print recesses in the white ceiling tiles! The exam rooms are clean. There is a note up that there are litter boxes and bowls for water should you need them if you have to wait. I've not waited more than 10 mins here ever- even when coming in for a  same day, emergency appointment. There is cat literature in each room to read. The boarding area is visible from the reception area through glass. Visiting cats look really happy. They get a lot of attention. There is room for them to hide or be social. Spotless. A big flatscreen with cat programming is visible from both public and each private area.The staff:Techs are competent yet compassionate. I'm sure they've heard "my cat is the best cat ever" a thousand times, but you'd never know it. They want to help. They relay their experience both of owning and working with cats. They know how to handle cats so they don't freak out. They are patient with me so I don't freak out too.My cat has seen Drs. Berquist and McCormick. They both are fantastic Vets and are extremely knowledgeable, caring, gentle and professional. Each time they give a  lengthy exam of the entire cat.They understand cats and what makes them tick. Over the last 2 years my old lady cat has been though a couple struggles and they came through for her each time. Dr. Berquist had hope when even I didn't recently. She cautiously reassured me, yet confirmed that my 1992 model cat (her words) is getting on in years and this could be the end. She took time out on Labor Day to call and make sure my cat was ok when she wasn't in. So kind. FYI Yay- not the end. :)They are clear about price before any test or procedure. The customer is given a price sheet that is discussed. Absolute necessities are talked about. What would be good to do is next. They take their time and help with decisions. No hurry or pressure..The receptionist even calls after to check on how my cat is doing. I wish MY doctor and staff were this good. They have a respect for their clients that I've seen in few businesses of any sort. The clients:Every time I'm there I end up talking to the most interesting people. This place attracts people who appreciate their pets.It's a step higher than the best of veterinary clinics. They go the extra mile. I wouldn't consider any other. It's THE place for cats.
5	Best Vet I have ever been to. I tried a couple other local vets when I got 2 cats from the shelter. The shelter includes a free check up at various vets on a list. They also give you a special slick brochure for a multi-location corporate vet. For 1 cat I tried one on the list. Not a good place for cats. Big dogs were running around loose and sniffing at the carrier. The vet was ok, but I did not like the staff. I went to the slick corporate vet for the next guy. Their prices were high. I guess they had to pay for those brochures.Then I got a cat the old fashioned way, off the street. Some jerk threw a little kitten, barely weened, out in front of my apartments. I waited until she was about 4 months old and used yelp to find a vet. All About Cats was at the top of the list. Staff was great, facility was great, vet was great, and the price was right. Highly recommended for all cat owners.
1	We took Wayne to All about Cats and they misdiagosed something on his chin that they called acne...it was cancer. By the time they agreed that it was not cancer it had grown so big. Poor Wayne. I am not here to bash All About cats but please do your homework and get a second opinion from other Doctors. RIP WAYNE 1992-2010
5	I found Dr. Koppe after we moved here 10 years ago, and our kids have gone here for their physicals and shots ever since.  The practice has grown and there are now three veterinarians in the practice.I find that the staff is caring and the specialty of dealing only with cats is great!Our two long hairs were adopted from Dr. Koppe after they were abandoned here by someone who left them there for boarding and then abandoned them.
5	Recently heard on 13 news that they are offering free check ups on new adoptions. Not sure about details. Call them for info if you recently adopted.
1	It's not possible to give zero stars as a rating or I would. This business is way overpriced and lacks the common compassion one would expect from a vet. When they first opened, I was delighted to find a vet exclusively devoted to cats and took all my pets there over the course of 2 years. Such an error of judgment on my part! When my elder cat had come to the end of her days and I called asking for an immediate appointment to ease her transition, I was told bluntly that (even though they were still open and less than 10 minutes drive from me), it was too late that day for an "attended" appointment but I could drop her off to be euthanized. Imagine not being with a cat you have owned for 15 years at the end of her life! I kept her home and she died the next day in my arms. At least she wasn't dropped off like a piece of meat! Save yourself a lot of grief. Go to another vet that truly loves animals and appreciates your custom.
5	So this review is just for boarding at All About Cats so far- I'm going to update when we have actually had a chance to take Henry for a real vet appointment (hopefully just a check-up!).It was a great experience- they were, due to a cancellation, able to get Henry a space for the week of Thanksgiving on somewhat short notice and everyone we dealt with was really friendly and nice. I love that the hospital is quite literally ALL ABOUT CATS! Every other vet practice I've taken my pets to has always been pretty dog-focused and it makes me, a cat and bunny lover, feel somewhat left out. All About Cats is the antidote! There are treats for your cats in the waiting area, books about cats, pictures of cats, even dvds of birds fluttering and mice scampering playing on the televisions in both the waiting room and the boarding area to entertain and/or frustrate your kitty.They took great care of Henry and he was returned to us happy and healthy as ever. The boarding fee is pretty reasonable, too, and he got a discounted check-up as a new patient as part of the deal. I only wish that I could find an All About Rabbits equivalent for my bunny, Sebastian!
5	I discovered All About Cats last year (although I'd driven past the cat shaped sign many times), and I'm very glad that I did! The facility is clean, quiet, well organized, and very cat-friendly, and the staff is amazing. My kitties got very thorough examinations, and the vet took the time to speak with me in-depth about the issues they'd been having.  My cats were encouraged to make themselves comfortable in the exam room, and there were treats everywhere for them.  Although the vet discovered some issues, she was very caring and complete in her explanation of what could be wrong and possible scenarios and solutions. They'd never received such comprehensive care.  Although they are a little pricier than some vets, I feel as though it was well worth the cost.
5	Where do I begin...Right before Christmas during a scheduled dental cleaning we were given devastating news that our 7 year old kitty was in renal failure. After very little information, no dental treatment performed (kitty had a couple abscessed teeth) and a bill for $700 we were informed we needed another $650 in tests to figure out what we could do.  We did some homework over the weekend, changed to renal diet foods and set out for a 2nd opinion.  I had passed the "Happy Kitty" sign of All About Cats many times on my way to work.  I called and explained our situation to the receptionist who immediately scheduled us for a consultation. The staff was so compassionate and understanding! When we arrived we felt very at ease with an immaculate non-threatening atmosphere.  The doctor and staff spent well over an hour explaining realistic treatment and expectations.  We left the office with a ton of information, new food and alot of medication. The bill was 1/3 the cost of the previous doctor that did nothing!  2 months later kitty is stable and doing very well!Within 30 days our other kitties came down with cold, flu and upper respiratory infections.  Over the last month we have been in the office several times per week fighting different illnesses. My pets have never been ill, so this has been a difficult time. The care is outstanding. The fees are VERY reasonable. The doctors and staff call frequently to check on the kitties, even on weekends. Having women doctors is like having a mommy checking on your babies. Sorry men, women are just more compassionate!  I think they call to check on me too! I feel so blessed to have found such wonderful care for my critters. I highly recommend this office to anyone with cats. I can't say thank you enough, I really appreciate all you have done for us!!!
5	Found this vet after moving to Las Vegas 3.5 years ago, and fell in love with it right away. The staff is always caring and courteous, and seem to be genuinely concerned when my cats have been ill. One of my cats had FLUTD last year; he needed frequent visits and treatment became expensive. I had initially requested an appointment online for later that week when I first noticed his symptoms, but I was contacted right away and encouraged to get him in ASAP since the disorder can become life-threatening. They were able to get me an appointment for that afternoon.  AAC was always very straightforward about costs and there were no surprises; they made sure he got the best care that I could afford (my cat has now recovered fully, has had no problems since.) I am looking to move out of Las Vegas, and when/if that happens, this is definitely a place and these are people I will miss :)
5	Beyond exceeded my expectations. =)I've lived in the area for almost a decade and had yet to find a vet I truly felt comfortable with.  Sure, there were nice ones, helpful ones.  But when you really, really love your animals, as in they're your family, you volunteer for animal agencies, and once upon a time your career was as a vet tech/receptionist, you know when you've met some kindred souls.I've tried more local clinics, and for the most part they've served their purpose, perfunctorily.  However, care starts to move past routine vaccines and more into pet aging or special needs, you want to find a doctor who not only REALLY looks at your pet, but at you in your concerns as the person who's job is to protect and provide the best quality of care for their pet.   Many doctors seem to be almost dismissive in the way they reach for easy answers.  If they don't seem to truly enjoy their job, or it becomes too routine for them, how "on top" of things are they going to be (this applies to any profession; have the utmost respect esp. for those in the healthcare profession.)Both the vet tech and veterinarian were so amazing, thorough, and intuitive with my 12 year old boy, Sammy.   Their genuine care and consideration was for me, unprecedented in previous vet experiences.  A few years ago I had to take my dog to a specialty clinic for an MRI;  $4000+ later I didn't even get a follow up call.  I had just been sent home with results/diagnosis and a few palliative pills.  Here, they gave me their time and consideration, showing their understanding and interest didn't just stop at the cats! =) Even though Sammy's diagnosis was relatively uncomplicated (arthritis), I received a follow up call to check up on him. =)  One more remarkable note; Sammy was so calm and relaxed at the clinic, it carried over onto his 45+ ride home.  (It might have in part been attributed to the pain med they gave him, but I'm going mostly with the calming "cat-whisperer" effect everyone at the office had on him.Now, if I could only talk the doctor into looking at my puppies too, we'll all be set! ;D
5	I have been a loyal customer of this vet since they opened.  It is great that they cater to cats so the stress of listening to a barking dog in the same waiting room who is ready to eat my kitties is nonexistent.  Their boarding facilities are excellent, no cages but areas with good ventilation to keep any respiratory issues at a minimum.  They have an incredibly caring staff that I trust with my cats who are a part of my family.  When it comes to services, they are up front with their fees and do not make you feel guilty for not accepting all their recommendations.  The vets are excellent with cats and will take as much time as you need to explain what you need.I would not take my babies anywhere else.All thumbs up!!  Thank you, Dr. Koppe.  Go Buckeyes!!
5	I have driven by this hospital and have seen their big cat sign many times. Earlier this year, we decided to bring our cat here after checking out their website and reading all of the good reviews here on Yelp. We were concerned about our 13 year old cat after noticing some big changes, such as how he was drinking a lot of water, vomiting more often, being picky about his food, etc, etc.The staff and doctors were very friendly, knowledgeable and professional. We were set up with Dr. McCormick, who conducted a thorough exam of our cat and really took the time to explain everything in detail to us. She ran a few tests as well, but only the ones that were necessary in targeting the problems that our cat was having. The appointment did not seem rushed, which was great because it showed that they really do care about their patients! The only downside was that we had an expensive bill, only to find out that there were no major problems with our boy. It turned out that he was going through normal changes that are commonly seen in senior cats. But at least we know that he is good and healthy! Excellent services and care = money worth spending. The hospital is very clean and organized. One of the nicest vet offices I have been to. I would definitely recommend All About Cats because we had a great experience here! Its too bad that they are not open a little later in the evenings or on the weekends.
5	Much praise for the staff at All About Cats!My cat is not the happiest when at the vet or when being boarded. We have found the staff to be attentive and understanding of her needs, despite her sometimes difficult temperament. We have even learned more about her through the technician's working with her!When we board her or bring her in for an exam, we are confident she will receive the best care possible.
1	I would not recommend All About Cats.  I took my 1yr old cat here after he started developing a sore on his mouth.  They tried to sell me $500 worth of medication for him and told me he might have to be on steroids the rest of his life.  Being the sucker that I am and willing to do anything for my cat I bought the medicine after THREE doctors told me this was my only choice.  When I got home I did my own research on GOOGLE and learned that something as simple as switching from plastic food bowls to ceramic food bowls might solve the problem so I tried it and it worked. Sore was gone within a week.  No need for $500 worth of medication and a lifetime of steroids.  They couldn't have suggested this to me before I spent a fortune on medicine that I didn't even need?  Of course not- they just want your money and a business that lacks this kind of integrity is not for me.  I now go to West Flamingo Animal Hospital and have been very happy with their service.
4	The first time I came into the clinic was a while back and I was under-impressed. The person at the front desk seemed aloof and uninterested.However, I came back again with my two adopted boys because I may have to board them in the future and I prefer a kitty only environment for them. The staff and vet seemed genuinely interested in my boys who are gorgeous Tonkinese! However, I do think they are driven by a business model--they tend to sell up, but I chose not to have all the testing done they suggested (the boys had the sniffles), but I took the meds and they're all better now. Everyone is kind and seem to love my beautiful kittens.I'm very satisfied here with the service, but their prices do seem high. I am having my boys neutered at the Poppy Seed Foundation (at Bonanza Cat Hospital) clinic on the last Sunday of this month because the cost is phenomenally less expensive ($50 per kitten) and the monies are donated to the shelter there.
5	I can't express how great the doctors and staff are at All About Cats!Two months ago, our youngest cat looked very sick. We found him sitting in the corner of our kitchen and he wouldn't move at all. He was also throwing up clear liquid everywhere. I knew we had to take him to the vet first thing in the morning. To be honest, I called my other vet office first. Why? Because I have been taking my dog to them for 2 years, the doctors are great, and their prices are much more reasonable. However, they did not have any appointments until 3pm that day, and I wasn't sure my cat could hold on until then.I called All About Cats right when they opened and thankfully, they were able to get me in right away. We were set up with Dr. Berquist. After examining our cat for about 10 seconds, she said " I know what is wrong with him." Damn! How quick and awesome is that? So our baby had UTI, which also caused some kidney failure. Poor thing! My only choice at that point was having them do a surgery ASAP. Otherwise, he would have died. The surgery went well and the doctors took great care of him while he stayed at the hospital for a few nights. Dr. Berquist was great! She took the time to sit down and talk to us about the whole situation. She even called everyday to give updates and explain test results. Our bill wasn't cheap, but it was worth it because they were able to save him and help him get better with a special diet. Now, 2 months later, he has pretty much recovered and is back to normal. A big Thank You to Dr. Berquist and the staff for saving our baby boy!
5	My last post was filtered out but completely legitimate. AAC has been amazing with our fur kids. As an update, we were able to have an extra 7 months with our kitty Mr. Sockies due to the wonderful care of Dr Mc Cormick and Dr Berquist. Fees and meds were minimal and most times they did not charge for multi cat office visits. In the end they were there for us when Mr. Sockies crossed the Rainbow bridge. Most recently our baby kitty had a luxated patella which was a design flaw from birth.  They repaired at a very reasonable cost.  Bristol now runs on 4 legs again like it never happened. The staff is consistent, the prices are affordable, the care is priceless!!!! Thanks AAC!!!
5	I am so relieved! Dr. Burquest and staff; Jenny, Melinda, were amazing with my little guy, Marco. The doctor was thorough and was nice and took the REAL time to explain all the tests that were done. We're going back in a couple weeks for a checkup, but no crystals or blockage! I've been over watering his food! You can actually over do it!  Thank you all!
5	You won't find a more professional, caring and compassionate staff and doctor's then at All About Cats. The facility is always clean, fresh and welcoming. Their boarding facility is fantastic and our cat comes back as if he was on a vacation. Recently, at his stay we found out he was ill and they took excellent care of him and have provided us with a plan of action. They recognized he was ill due to his change in behavior, because they pay attention. Their personal commitment is evident in the way they responded thru phone calls and e-mails while we were away. They did everything possible to make our cat comfy and us knowing he was in great hands.
5	LOVE this place. Highly skilled, compassionate people. They only accept cat patients, so the place doesn't smell like dogs. Very clean, and there is a huge window in the main lobby where you can look into the cat boarding area. The boarding cages are not metal cages. They are clear plexiglass so the cats can look out like they are looking through a window and watch "kitty tv"- birds chirping and critters running around on a large, nice flat screen tv mounted on the wall. The doctors are awesome and will explain EVERYTHING to you in detail. They are very concerned and compassionate kitty lovers. This place is a little higher priced than other places, and it is so worth every penny. They are so skilled at what they do- they are specialized in cats! Have you ever had a scared cat at the vet? These guys know how to handle cats and don't make sudden movements. My cats are calm with the Dr. They understand that taking care of your pet is expensive and don't pressure you into anything, give you the best information possible and pricing and let you decide no pressure. I explained that I am a student and don't have a big budget. The Dr. told me what was needed, and what was nice to get but not absolutely necessary at this time. They just want what is best for your cat. Great customer service keeps this place doing good business! I used to work at a vet that took dogs and cats. For the most part animals were treated good in the back room for surgeries, dental cleanings, minor procedures, however you need to know that the person taking your animal into that back room will treat them right even when they are having a busy, stressed day. I trust this place 100% to take care of my cats with compassion when I'm not there to watch them.
5	Our Kitty was really sick and we were new to town.  Made a same day appointment and took her here.  The staff could not have been friendlier or more compassionate.  In the final analysis we had to put her down, there was no choice.  As bad as an experience like that is, they were wonderful.  Their facilities are clean and pleasant and they obviously care about cats.  Highly recommend them.
5	All about cats is heaven sent for me....when I moved to Las Vegas four years ago with my adorable cat Bijou I did not where to go and take my cat to....one day I drove by All about cats stopped and inquired about there service and found that they are a full service facility from your veterinarian to to boarding and grooming everything you will ever need with caring and wonderful people.....also when I wanted to travel to spend Christmas with my son in Texas I left my cat there in their boarding facility for ten days this was my first time leaving my cat in a boarding place and I used to call and ask about him but my cat was happy and was perfect when we picked him up....I highly recommend this facility to anyone I was living in Los Angeles before never saw a place like this for cats only clean, new building great people......I am very happy.
5	Knowledgeable technicians and gentle demeanor from all staff. Given all the options before proceeding with annual exam. .. excellent service
4	Preferred place for my little one, staff is always professional and courteous. Every doctor that I've seen for a checkup or vaccination has been gentle, attentive and caring. Would definitely recommend this veterinary for anyone who has any cat children themselves. Have not tried the boarding but would definitely try if needed.
4	We have been taking our cats here since 2007. I like that they specialize in cats and seem to know what to do when my cat is sick. I also like that the place is clean and doesn't smell like cleaning solutions, or anything else animal related. I can get an appointment fairly quickly, especially if my cat is sick. It is easy to see that Dr. Berquist loves cats by how she handles them.If they are not sure what is wrong with my cat, they will throw everything (all treatments at once) at her. They give me a print-out with all the treatments options and prices. Usually the list of options ends up being $300-$600. Almost always they want to do x-rays and blood tests. My cats have had more x-rays than me and my husband combined. I want to do what I can to keep my cats healthy and alive, but it's hard for me to determine what treatments are necessary.  With all this being said, I still go to All About Cats, because I am a pushover when it comes to my cats. I will whatever I can when they are sick.
5	The staff is amazing. The facility is clean and calm. This is our first visit and we will definitely return as regular patients. They handled our cat Howie with love and affection. We came for a first time check up because Howie is a new addition to the family and came to us with matted fur: we want to have him groomed. I originally thought that he would need a complete shave, which would require anesthesia, and lots of money. Since the cat belongs to my teen, she is responsible for the cost. When the technician suggested that we could just have his matted areas shaved, we were very pleased. The entire visit, checkup, nails clipped, shots and shaving, took less than 30 minutes. And Howie loved the attention and we could tell he wasn't traumatized by the visit. We definitely recommend All About Cats!
5	Called last minute (day of) to get my cat boarded and vaccinated. They couldn't have been more accommodating. The office is incredibly calming. Perfect for my cat. I called to check in and the staff gave me a full update. The ladies at the front desk were wonderful especially Melinda. My cat who is very rarely boarded is not stressed at all and happy as can be. My only complaint is my dogs will never get to experience this place. Thank you all again!!!
1	Terrible Place!!! Don't take your cats here...all they want is your money. My cat got out and was attacked by a neighborhood cat and I could tell he wasn't doing so hot. So I brought him to All About Cats and they didn't even check his wound...they wanted to do some kind of EXPENSIVE surgery on his bladder (he's only 3 years old and only eats the BEST organic grain food money can buy)...I decided on taking him to VCA Animal clinic... and they helped me treat his INFECTION!!! He had a FEVER and had a huge PUSS filled wound on his butt...they had to do an inexpensive surgery to clean it out, and they gave me everything i needed to continue to clean it. The doctor there even gave me LESS EXPENSIVE options if I couldn't afford surgery!!! The doctors at VCA Animal clinic actually cared about my cat, and weren't trying to charge me an ARM AND A LEG to treat my cat for some CRAZY ASSUMPTION!!! ALWAYS GET A SECOND OPINION!!! THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF IF THEY CAN!!!
5	I took my cat here for boarding and they were so good to him.  He is a very mean tempered difficult cat when away from home and they were still very kind to him and did what they could to make him feel comfortable.  They were very nice when I picked him up, helping me get him back in his carrier and making me feel better about him being so difficult.  Very accommodating and kind staff.  Facility is very clean.  I would definitely return.
5	I recently needed to take my cat in for a check up. I was so glad that I came here. They took such good care of my cat.  The Dr. And the staff were so gentle with my cat. They showed me everything that was wrong and what was needed. I had to take her in for a dental procedure which was well overdue. They were caring and called to check on my cat. My to go place for my kitty cat. Thank you to everyone at All About Cats for such great care.
5	Amazing educated front desk staff in a clean organized environment.  Dr Berquist has a great bedside manner and is a top notch veterinarian. She will always take the time to answer all questions.
