5	I've been eating here since it was still a falafel truck on Bigelow Boulevard.  Top-notch Middle Eastern/Mediterranean entrees.  The "Best Falafel in Pittsburgh" sign is not hyperbole (the falafel is perfectly spiced and fried a lovely golden-brown, and comes stuffed in a pita with sumac, pickle, tahini sauce, and an astonishing chopped salad with lemon in it), but don't let the glory of the falafel dissuade you from trying the gyros, the shwarma, or anything else.  The hummus is also very good -- lots of tahini (which I love), and drizzled with olive oil and homemade chopped pickled hot peppers.  Definitely a tasty treat anytime.Opening the restaurant and getting out of the back of the truck has let the menu expand, and now there are some entrees that it wouldn't be practical to cook and serve in a truck.  I particularly love the moussaka.Assuming you haven't already gorged yourself on hummus, falafel, and other delicious foods, you should also get a piece of baklava for the road.Leena's also has a sort of inspiring backstory.  The owner has had a lot of struggles in his life -- after coming to America, he was hit by a drunken driver and horribly injured years ago, his young daughter lost a hand in a terrible kitchen accident, and the city harassed the Oakland food trucks and basically drove them all out of business for a long time.  But the owner did not give up.  He opened his restaurant after his truck was driven out of business, and he is always so happy and optimistic despite all the obstacles fate has put in his path.  I would not have known about all the terrible things he's surmounted, but the Pitt newspaper ran a story about it when the restaurant opened up a couple years ago.  Leena's Food is a great restaurant, but it also is a physical embodiment of the American Dream, and the owner is one of the quiet heroes you find every day in Pittsburgh.
4	Definitely the best Mediterranean food we've had in Pittsburgh so far. The restaurant is small and nestled into the busy area around Forbes Ave. near the Pitt campus. The owner was just on his way out the door (his employee was taking over), but he made a point to chat with us and to talk with us about his kids and our baby (who we brought with us). He was friendly and personable.We ordered a gyro sandwich and a falafel platter. The gyro was perfect: plenty of succulent lamb, fresh cucumber, tzatziki, romaine lettuce, and tomato. The ingredients tasted fresh and the tzatziki had a nice sharpness to it. The falafel platter included a few patties split on top of rice, a small Middle Eastern salad, two pitas, and fresh hummus. Although I had heard the falafel here was awesome, I found it to be very good, but not great. It wasn't quite as spicy or crisp as some I've had in town, like Aladdin's. And I would have liked a bit more falafel on the plate (the rice dominated). Nevertheless, the falafel platter was quite satisfying and we ate the whole thing!We saw a fresh pan of baklava on the counter and couldn't pass up the opportunity. For just $1.50, we got a good chunk of baklava, and it was the best I've ever had! The phyllo dough was light and fresh, the nutty filling was soft and delicious, and there was a perfect amount of honey (some I've had are much too sweet). Needless to say I suspect I'll get baklava every time I go back!All told, a very enjoyable and cheap dinner.
4	A group of my new classmates and I completely took up all the space in this little cafe, they seat maybe 15-20 people tops. I got a falafel, it was HUGE but the falafels were cold :( Other than that it  was great, and you can't beat the price. With a bottle of soda, my total came up to something like $7.I also love their myspace website - they list the hours, menu with prices and etc. All extremely useful.
4	"Eat this," the owner/chef said, "right away, while it's nice and hot.  It's very important.""Thank you.  I will," I answered, one hand on the bag with my falafel sandwich.  He then let go of the bag.Why, oh why, have I often settled for mediocre food at Panera in Oakland when there's Leena's?The falafel was moist and had a nice spicy kick.  I like my falafel a little crunchy on the outside, which this falafel wasn't, but the wrap also had a tasty lemon-flavored sauce going for it.  Because I kept my promise, I can't tell you if the falafel sandwich is good lukewarm or cold.  You won't want to wait, anyway.  Prepare to get messy.  My wrap dripped all over even though I kept it in its foil wrapper.  But if you eat in--there's a fair amount of seating--you can use the bathroom afterwards to clean up.  Well worth a trip to the sink afterwards.
5	Great establishment in Oakland. The owner is super friendly, and only puts the freshest in the dishes. They truly are the best and authentic Middle Eastern establishment in Pittsburgh. Not only are the dishes top quality, but the prices are cheap and student-budget friendly!
5	Authentic charm.  Leena's dad says, "I don't know how to cook for a lot of people, I just wanted to share my mother's recipies and my wifes' touches."  He had made some special pepper relish from his home garden peppers, way yummy.  Watch out students, he said he's gonna put some habanero in the next batch to mess with you.  Good stuff, and the personal touch makes it so much better.  Gyro plate to go was delish. Small dining area, maybe 8-10 tables, greek music, kids pics proudly displayed.
2	The falafel was dry and not very crisp. I got a falafel wrap and it was more salad (iceberg lettuce and few tomatoes/cucumbers) than falafel. I only counted 2 falafel balls. Overall wasn't impressed and wouldn't go back unless desperate.
3	Falafels are very good, there's a lot of veggie in a thin style pita but that's how it should be. The only thing that surprised me were the spiced fries, which have standard curly fry seasoning on them, not za'atar or something like that. Still pretty good.
5	Best gyro I've ever had. He always puts tons of meat on my gyro. The real key of the dish is the pepper relish. If you don't get it, its really not the same thing. I've had this gyro probably 50 times, and it's still great.As others have said, Muhammad is another reason to go here. Last time I was there (before spring break), he was telling me about going to Cancun for the 'girls gone wild.' Dude is awesome. Gives me free stuff sometimes too.
4	Good food, good prices. I love the falafel at Leena's.
5	Terrific food, friendly owners.  I think lunch here sealed the deal for my son to attend Pitt.
5	Tied for the best gyro I've ever had.  Get the platter if you're with someone else--there's enough to make two sandwiches.  My wife liked the falafel, but that's not really my thing.
4	This guy makes a great falafel.  I used to eat from his his blue van in the  the 90s outside of hillman library.  I've been here once and it was just as good.
5	My boyfriend is obsessed with Greek and Mediterranean food, so we checked this place out while on vacation in Pittsburgh due to the Yelp reviews. I just have to say that it was a truly incredible experience. We both had the falafels and they were simply the best in the world. The owner talked with us for a good portion of the time and he just added to the experience, because he was completely badass and hilarious. I'll have to second the other reviews by saying he is awesome and his food is too.
3	The service was fast and friendly and the falafel was moist and tasty.  But the falafel sandwich was overloaded with bland lettuce, no hummus, and the wrap was a bit dried out.  Maybe going again I'd know to order differently, but given the other reviews, I was a bit disappointed.  Overall, good prices and the food might get better if you order exactly what you want.
4	The gyro is awesome and the service is very, very friendly. Definitely the best gyro I've had in Pittsburgh - you absolutely need to get the gyro with the hot peppers though.
4	Fast. Tasty. Cheap.
5	Leena's has ruined falafel sandwiches for me.  I cannot eat them anywhere else because they will be sad, sorry shadows of what can be found in this humble shop.  Maybe it's the pickles or the heaping helping of tahini - there is something about these sandwiches that I've never found anywhere else.  You can also get stuffed grape leaves for about two bucks.  If you're looking for great Middle Eastern eats, stop by Leena's!
2	I honestly thought this place was just ok. Eaten a lot of falafels but not in Pittsburgh, so I really cant compare with whats around.  - The owner seemed nice and friendly. - There were like 3-4 falafels cut into 1/2 and lots of rice and salad and hummus. the falafels werent hot, they werent crunchy on the outside, the flavor was ok.- I had to hunt the meat in the gyro but once I got to it, it wasnt as salty as probably mike and tonys has it.All in all it was okay. I guess its the price that makes it a good deal for college students.
4	Solid Greek-style sandwiches and food at this little hole in the wall.All of the pita sandwiches are pretty messy, so grab some extra napkins unless you like tahini sauce on your pants. That sounded a bit dirty, but I digress.Gyro meat is well-seasoned and tender. Although they use a mass of ground meat instead of the more authentic layered slices of meat, Leena's offers an admirable take on the American-style ground meat gyro. The homemade yogurt sauce is much better than your run of the mill thick, mayonnaise-like condiment you usually find labelled as "gyro sauce" . There's a good ratio of vegetables to meat.Falafel tends to be served lukewarm, but are nonetheless crisp and texturally complex. The spices they use in the fritters shine here, and the tahini isn't overwhelming.Chicken shish kabob is juicy, tender, and perfectly seasoned with the right amount of char. Too bad they only give you a few little pieces per sandwich.Sides are great too. The spiced fries are crisp and bold. Yogurt rice benefits greatly from the addition of hot pepper relish and is a nice, light side dish.Definitely the best spot in Oakland to grab a pita sandwich, forget the competition.
3	Falafel is ok but nothing special. It's been served twice in what can only be described as a salad with a little bit of falafel sprinkled in. Also, it's mushy, not crispy on the outside which is not necessarily bad, but not my particular favorite. However, what's up with those fries? They are amazing.
5	This has been one of my favorite restaurants since 2010. While the gryo's and falafel sandwiches are incredible the main attraction for me is the humus which is homemade. I recently purchased a gyro and noticed that it was very different than before - the pita didn't fall apart after my 15 minute walk home and it was not dripping everywhere. I went back the next day and the owner told me that he recently decided to dry the meat a little and reduce the cucumber sauce.The new sandwich is great! Its enough sauce that each bite is mixed with a blend of the hot pepper sauce and the cool yogurt. It i also awesome to not need a fork or kill a tree in napkins per sandwich!
5	The best hummus in the area! The gyros are the best!
5	Muhammad is one hell of guy!  Best Baba Ghanooj I've had!  Told him how awesome his food is, and he made me some sort of veggie pita for free which was amazing!  Can't wait to make it back to Oakland to visit this place!
4	I usually order a platter which comes with a portion of meat, a side of hummas, a small salad, and thin pita. The quality is good, and you can see everything being prepared in the kitchen. What gives Leena's an edge is that it is the only spot that I know of where you can get Middle Eastern food, gyros, and house-made hummas in Oakland.My only complaint is that the owner (who is also the cook and is friendly) is skeptical of his customers. I have ordered take-out twice and both times he did not start cooking my order until I showed up; both times he offered an excuse for why he did not starting preparing the dish until I showed up.
4	Good hole-in-the-wall restaurant with great food for an affordable price.GET THE HUMMUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best I've ever had.
5	Leena's used to be located in Oakland, where my wife and I found it while frequently visiting Magee Hospital. They are now located at 4180 William Penn Highway, Murrysville. I just had lunch there and found that the food quality and quantity are the same as the Oakland store. I had the Gyro salad with double meat and it was delicious. My co-workers had a gyro and chicken kebab and they also enjoyed their meals. We will return. So happy that Leena is now in Murrysville. Leena has changed the menu slightly, from Oakland, but the staples are all still there
