1	02.08.10I don't know why I almost always end my trip reviews with a bad one on a fast food restaurant at the airport.  This is no different.Seriously, I know life sucks when you work at a fast food restaurant at the airport.  If you don't want to work there, maybe you should find another job.  It's definitely not good for business when you have a sour look on your face while you point me to another cashier because you don't feel like taking my order.I did get an extra piece of nugget.  In your face.
5	How can you not like Wendy's?
4	Located in the T-4 D gates this is the place to stop for your super large super cheap iced coffee.   I also like picking up a snack or small breakfast sandwich depending on the time of day I am rolling through here.  Having over anticipated the time I needed to get through security I had plenty of time to walk from my C gate to the D gates to pick up something.  I have had no porblems with the service or food quality on the couple of stops I have made at this Wendy's.
2	I was starved and Wendy's was the only fast food that was quick and easy in between my flights. Unfortunately, the line was super long and they only had 1 register open. I had an hour to spare, so I was willing to wait for hot food. Luckily, the line went quick. But, what I don't get is how there is only 1 cashier, 1 runner, and a ton of people working in the back kitchen. I was baffled... The cashier told me the wrong number so I was waiting for my order while other people's orders behind me came and went. When I questioned my order and conveyed what number I was given, they claimed that they didn't even have that number in the system. Perhaps I just made up a number of my own and wanted to wait for my food... Really?!
3	Typical Wendy's grub. Certainly better than BK and McD's but still nothing to write home about... I bumped the rating up a star (2 to 3) simply because of the location, fast service and reasonable prices (for an airport). Expect 2 star food with 3 star service in an airport, but nothing more.
2	Charged for a #6 instead of a #1. Price difference $.60. I receive $.30 back. Thank you, unhappy manager.
