5	This was SUCH a great place to begin looking for dresses. Linda was wonderful and very good at getting my larger than floor sized self into all these great dresses. Although they are known for more expensive dresses ($5,000+), the one I really liked was only about $3000. They make you feel great, and understood what I was looking for.
5	Beautiful dresses and wonderful service.  They treat each bride as special and really take their time with you and you don't feel rushed.  They do have some expensive dresses but they offer some amazing deals too.  For a wonderful shopping experience I would definitely make an appointment with them
5	I got a call today from the girls at Destiny's Bride telling me that my dress arrived... yay!  After searching high and low for "the one," I found it at Destiny's Bride back in February... Like Kate C, I worked with Linda - she was fabulous!  I felt comfortable immediately...  I tried on a bunch of dresses but ultimately went with the first one I saw at the store.  As I walked upstairs and the woman helping me at the time asked me what I was looking for, I looked up and said "something like... that!" (and pointed at my dress that was hanging on the mannequin).Linda helped me with envisioning accessories, etc... but I'm waiting until I see it again to make those decisions.  When we put the order in, I was told the dress would arrive in September... but it's early August and it's here - no stress - gotta love that!My mom also found the dress she'll wear at the wedding at Destiny's Bride.  If you are shopping for that perfect dress for your wedding, I highly recommend Destiny's!  I'll update this again after my alterations are done, accessories found, etc... but so far, no complaints!
5	First place I went to try on dresses, and it was amazing!I worked with Sara, who was so thoughtful and considerate and really helped me with each gown before coming out to show my family.  She made me feel really comfortable, and always gave her genuine opinion when I asked for it. They have gorgeous dresses there, at great prices. (from what I experienced, 1500s - 3500s, mostly). A huge variety, a lot of different styles, and seriously, some of the best dresses I saw in Phoenix. I am still deciding - and a dress from here is in the final 3 - that's the trouble with dress shopping, usually so many dresses look great, and you can really get confused by which ones you like the most - and the nicer stores carry beautiful, unique collections, so you never know where you will find the dress.I seriously had such a great experience at Destiny's Bride, though, that I highly recommend, if you are getting married in Phoenix, you absolutely HAVE to stop here. It's definitely one of the top two places for gowns, and their service is amazing - It's the whole package.
5	Ended up getting a dress from here after all! It's funny that it was the first store I went to ... I should have just stopped there - I would have saved a lot of time! Waiting for my dress, now. And still recommend this as one of the best bridal stores in Phoenix, definitely the best in terms of overall experience.Just request to work with Sara. I cant really vouch for the same experience otherwise.
5	I have been to Destiny's Bridal 3 times looking for dresses.  Each time I go I have a great experience.  The sales staff have great insight and know a lot about the designers.  Of all the stores, I have been to in Phoenix (and I've done them all) I would rank Destiny's Bridal as tied with Priscilla of Boston for top marks!  The one draw back would be the size of the fitting room.  If you are looking for a high-end bridal boutique this would be a great place to go!
5	Linda Wagner at Destiny's Bride was an AMAZING consultant!  She found me the perfect wedding dress.  She was knowledgable about the dresses and designers.  She made the experience a really special and memorable one.  The service at Destiny's Bride was superb.  I loved the privacy and one on one service.
5	This is a snippet from an e-mail I shared with the owner, Lisa. I highly recommend Destiny's. They are fantastic!My dress was everything I could have asked for and more. You and your staff were absolutely amazing to work with. I can't even tell you how many compliments I received on the dress. People kept telling me it was the most beautiful dress they had ever seen!! I agree :) Thank you so much for everything and for the customer service you, Rose and all the other girls provide. From the moment I walked in the door to the last fitting I felt like a princess and knew everything would be perfect. You are all so wonderful! I've been recommending each and every new bride to your store because of the experience I received.
5	Are you kidding me!  I love this place! I bought my first dress here 10 years ago!  Five years ago, I bought my wedding dress, and this weekend I am taking my mom there to buy her mom-of-the-groom dress!Lisa and her associates make you feel welcome and care about your concerns.  They really want your experience to be positive so that you want to come back and feel welcome doing so!Thank you Lisa for having such a wonderful store!!!
4	I came to Destiny's Bride for the very first time in April.  They seem to be busy all the time.  I waited for a little while before I was greeted.  The salesperson handed me an iPad with pictures of their gown selections.  Well...that's very different.  I picked out a few dresses based on pictures and headed back to the fitting room.  While they have very beautiful dresses...I was very disappointed at the sizes of their sample dresses.  I normally wear a size 6.  These dresses barely fit me and some did not zip up at all!  Not every girl is a size of a model.  The salesperson recommended this dress and I fell in love with it immediately!!  Only to find out later the dress is almost $6000...It's way out of my budget.  I do love their choices of designers and their trunk shows!
5	What a beautiful bridal salon with A+ customer service. Although I didn't end purchasing "the one" from Destiny's Bride, I did have a fabulous time trying on their many gorgeous dresses! In fact, while I was there, Arizona Bride and Groom magazine was there taking picture of some of their dresses for a future issue. Yes, their dresses are just that pretty! The price point here is competitive to other dress stores and they have a wide range of dresses that vary in price and style. They have everything from lace and poofy dresses to tight and satin dresses. Attention bridesmaids and groomsmen: Destiny's Bride also has a large selection of bridesmaid gowns, groomsmen attire and accessories. Destiny's Bride was a delightful experience and the ladies who work there were extremely friendly, helpful and treated each gown with care. If you are searching for your dream gown in AZ, make sure you call and make an appointment to look at Destiny's Bride gown collection!
1	I was unsure of my budget so when I arrived, I told the associate that I wanted to stay around $3,000.00.  She then told me there were only 3 gowns in the store that fit that  small budget.  She was polite enough but it was one of those "pretty woman" experiences. She told another associate right infront of me, that she only had a half hour and was going to have to hand me off in the middle of my scheduled appointment.  It took forever for her to pull the dresses.  Sadly the dresses were disappointing (the price was high and the gowns were just not great). I mentioned that I was interested in Lazaro.  The associate half-heartedly smiled and wouldn't show me the gown or any others for that matter.  She just said they weren't in my budget.  I joked that it's possible if the dress worked I could raise the bar- but she ignored me and that made me feel even worse.When I left the store, I called my mom (who lives in Houston) in tears.  I told her that I felt looked down upon.  First that I had to go alone and second that I was treated like a transient begging for water at the back door of a 5 star.   I have never felt so uncomfortable or inadequate in my life.  This was supposed to be my day to find "the" dress. Luckily, I went for a walk and around the corner to calm down and my dad called to tell me my dress allowance had increased and to "go and get my dream dress".  On that walk, I happened upon Lillian Lottie- I went in out of curiosity and it was as though Destiny's Bride had copied their interior.  It's a small more personal and beautiful boutique salon with mirrored chests and soft lighting.  The lighting at Destiny's Bride was harsh- and I looked old  (that didn't help).The girls at Lillian Lottie were so good to me.  When I arrived at that appointment, they had dresses pulled aside for me before we started.  Selected for me based on what I told them I liked when I scheduled (and they really listened).  I didn't have to wait for the dresses to be pulled for me.  It's amazing how a simple thing like that can make your appointment so much more productive.  I was offered champagne and was treated  like a princess.  It was a completely new start.  Guess where I am spending my allowance.  I am spending it on my honeymoon- because the gown I fell in love with was 30% less than the gown at Destiny's Bride that seemed mediocre at best. I am also writing to Lazaro about the kind of salon that carries their gowns and why I am not buying a Lazaro.
1	What a snobby rude place. It was like the movie pretty woman. Me and my friends walked in dressed nicely, but I guess not Scottsdale nice. The woman immediately judged us and when my friend, the bride to be, pointed out a dress she liked, the woman had the nerve to say it was out of her price range! My friend never mentioned a price range and in fact, she could have afforded if she wanted to. She had $5,000 set aside for her wedding dress. Yes the dress was on the expensive side, just slightly over $5,000, but who is this woman to tell my friend she can't afford it. The whole shop seemed cold and uninviting. I would recommend you stay away from this place. In fact, there is a store right around the corner called Lillian Lotties and that place is wonderful. They are inviting and so nice and helpful and will definitely not judge you. I recommended you go spend your money there instead. You will spend half the money. Destiny's Brides prices were extremely high. If you don't mind lower customer service and don't mind paying at least $5,000 (and that's one of the cheapest prices), then maybe this place is for you. They did have a decent amount of dresses and the only other nice thing about this place is that you can also get the groom's tuxes there, so it is a one stop shop for the wedding party.
5	As maid of honor, it was my duty to make sure the bride was going to look absolutely gorgeous in her wedding gown. Problem is, she had in her head she wanted a tea-length dress that was fun and casual for around $500. Honey...ya get what you pay for. But being the trooper that I am - I entertained the idea and her mom and I went everywhere she had picked out... from small boutiques in downtown Chandler to...dare I even say it...."Da*&d's Bridal." On day 2, I "Yelped" a place and found Destiny's Bride and added it to our list. It was down the street from another place we had an appointment so we hopped in "just to try something on for comparison." That's the only way I could sell it to her.Low and behold, she walked out in a dress that made her mom and I both cry. WE FOUND THE DRESS! She ended up with a full length, form-fitting, gorgeous dress! Of course it was over her ideal budget of wanting to spend NOTHING, but she was STUNNING and there was no way I was not going to do my best to convince her to go with that dress. After grabbing a few glasses of wine across the street at Kelly's - her mom and I had her sold and convinced!!! Destiny's Bride offers top notch customer service. They aren't going to get you drunk on champagne so you get 'wedding dress champagne goggles.' This is the real deal. They do custom fittings, make the dress, then fit all the way up until the week of the wedding. My kind of place. They know what they offer is top notch, and they treat you as such. Another home run by searching my Yelp app.
5	Lisa is a goddess among women. She really got to know me in order to find out the style that would work for me. She did not rush me whatsoever nor did she pressure me into buying the gown. She even found a gown that was under my budget that was exactly what I was looking for. She let me sit down, take pictures, do whatever I wanted in the dresses to see if which was right for me. Later that day I went to two other salons and didn't receive even CLOSE to the service I received at Destiny's Bride, so I went back in the afternoon and ordered the dress.
5	I just went here this past weekend and I honestly don't have enough good things to say!  Destiny's was recommended to me by my wedding planner, Amy Mancuso, and she couldn't have picked a better place.Previous to my appointment, I have to say that I was really apprehensive about the whole dress-shopping thing. I assumed I would immediately hate every dress, look terrible in all of them, and have a snobby consultant who was only interested in a sale. My assumptions were completely wrong!Lisa is the most incredible woman when it comes to listening to what you want and finding things that make you look amazing.  She spoke with me for quite some time in order to get a feel for who I am and the style that I was looking for even before she started pulling dresses.  Since she has so many in the store, she actually brings out an iPad for you to browse through so she can get a feel of the styles you like.  I really liked this touch since it can be difficult to tell what a dress looks like when it's hanging up and jammed next to a bunch of other ones on the rack.  All the dresses she pulled were incredibly beautiful! She had several in mind that she knew would be just my style, and a few different fun ones so I could compare.  She definitely knows how to make your figure look good because I couldn't believe how amazing I looked in everything I tried, even if it wasn't my style. Also, she stood outside my dressing room the entire time, waiting just on me so she could zip my dresses and help me step into them if I needed assistance.  I never felt rushed or pressured in any way, and she even told me a few funny stories about each of the designers and the wedding dress she wore in the 80's. We eventually narrowed it down to two dresses that my bridesmaids and I were in love with (the first two dresses I tried on! How crazy is that?), and told Lisa we needed a lunch break in order to make a final decision.  She encouraged us to go enjoy lunch and that I could even sleep on it if I needed more time to decide.We came back immediately after lunch and chose dress #2, a beautiful Romona Keveza gown that I couldn't be happier with.  I am beyond thrilled with the beautiful dresses and wonderful service I received from Lisa at Destiny's Bride.  This is the place to go if you need a wedding dress!
1	My experience seemed quite different from others. We arrived a few minutes early and they seemed quite put out. They were very annoyed that we had 2 more people than we said we would. They handed my daughter an iPad and told her to pick out dresses, then they left. So we are all sitting there while she looked at this iPad. How about if they ask you to do that ahead of time? They brought out a couple dresses and then one that was nothing at all like she described.  Then they kind of disappeared again. So we just sat there and then got up and left. No one said goodbye or anything. The whole thing was extremely awkward,embarrassing, and rather humiliating. I would not recommend them to anyone.
5	An amazing experience. I have been to several bridal shops and nothing even compares to the warm and welcoming atmosphere at Destiny's. I didn't have an appointment, just showed up and had no problems.They have really made the whole experience enjoyable. I would recommend getting a bottle of wine and some fruits from the store below as you shop!
5	As a mid-30s gal who never thought she would get married, when my honey popped the question it rattled my cage a little. The Dress.  My sister was married in 2010 so I was familiar with how this worked and I could only assume it would be like bathing-suit shopping at it's worst.I started looking at places in LA since the family wanted to be involved. I tried on dozens of dresses, but no dice. I then went to two shops in north Scottsdale and wasn't impressed by the inventory. I had seen good reviews for Destiny's Bride on yelp but was leery of the inferred price gouging and stuck-up service so often the norm in Old Town Snottsdale. Ummmm, WRONG. My sis and I went in and were blown away by the service and inventory. The shop has an AMAZING viewing area with natural lighting, fantastic true-to-life (not "fat" or "skinny") mirrors and room for you to walk around while trying on the dresses. They don't ply you with booze to distract you and there is no pressure to buy. Furthermore- they let you photograph the dresses as you try them which is huge! Ladies, photograph yourself in the dress. You will be shocked at how some dresses look great while others look awful in pics. Unrelated bonus: underground parking!!!!! Excellent for summer time shopping.I did buy a beautiful gown from them. It fit off the rack, only requiring minor alterations which were done quickly and reasonably. The dress was several years old so they gave me a discount, which was way cool. They stored my gown free of charge for the 10 months between the purchase date and wedding date. I also bought a veil. The veil gave me sticker shock, but doesn't anything associated with weddings cost triple what you would expect? (Ladies, it take like 2 months for the veil to arrive, so plan ahead. This was news to me.) All these items were nicely pressed and given to me in a fantastic garment bag since the wedding was out of state. Destiny's Bride made one of the most integral parts of the wedding stress-free and easy.
5	Finding a dress for my wedding was the most important part of wedding planning for me! I'm a girl, I can't help it. I started with a store in Chicago, where my wedding was and it was all wrong. The woman kept bringing out the opposite of what I wanted and telling me how everything "looked amazzzzziinnng" on me. Ugggh, not the shopping experience I wanted. Then, I went to Destiny's Bride and could not have been happier! The woman I worked with picked out the most amazing gown for me! I was stuck between two and she wasn't pushy, didn't pressure or rush us and made sure she answered any questions that we had. I found the perfect dress for me and it was all thanks to the ladies at Destiny's Bride. Once my dress came in they let me come in to try it on but wanted me to wait until the week of the wedding to get my alterations done. I was a little worried about this, but am so glad that I listened to them. My alterations were done in one day the week of my wedding and my dress fit like a glove! Everyone complimented me about how amazing not only the dress was but how it fit me so perfectly it looked like I had worked with the designer directly. If you are a bride looking for a gorgeous gown and to work with a great staff, go to Destiny's Bride!
5	Destiny's Bride is great! I worked with Rose who was so sweet, helpful, and not pushy. She listened to my budget and style vision, as I tried on dresses she made me feel relaxed and not pressured into picking a more expensive dress. Rose was able to offer suggestions as needed and let me be in charge. Although my budget ($2,000 or under) didn't give me a ton of options all the dresses at Destiny's bride within that range were beautiful.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!! It was amazing. The dresses are great, lots of choices, and my consultant TASHA was superb. It was my first stop and it made everything start out on the right foot. If you go, ask for Tasha - she is amazing. Although I did not end up getting my dress here - the customer service and care that went into this store made it very difficult to beat!
3	The owner, Lisa, was very nice and tried her best, but that was the only part I was happy with. The dresses here are very expensive, and if you happen to find some you like that are on sale, they will only work if you are a smaller size. I only tried on 3 dresses (the last of which I almost got stuck in), and they were all way too small - I felt very uncomfortable. I was told they could be ordered in my size (14), but there was no way I was going to order a dress that I had to attempt to picture myself in. If you have a large budget and are a smaller bride (my sister, who is a size 8, said she would not have been able to fit into any of those dresses either), I would recommend this store to you - otherwise, I would suggest going elsewhere.
5	Everyone at the salon was wonderful and gave us fantastic service. They gave the bride an iPad with pictures of dresses in the salon and immediately got an idea of what she was looking for. The dresses were absolutely gorgeous and all of the consultants were so helpful. This was an amazing experience and I would absolutely recommend it!
5	Tasha was my consultant , and helped me find the perfect gown.  She was super patient, and didn't try to pressure me into anything.  Rose has helped me with ordering a veil and extra lace.  There was an initial communication error, which she immediately rectified, and has been very helpful ever since.
2	After going through some other local bridal shops did I realize what a sub par service I got. Granted that at the time they were going through construction they could've done a much better job. I'm surprise to see a high rating considering expensive price and my experience. So here goes.First off they did not offer us water in the middle of May. Very limited selections, lace I found is very popular and they only had a handful. They may have been short staff or somethingI don't remember but I had an appointment and we had to wait to get service.I had a 8month pregnant friend with me and there was no restroom available. So she was told to go next door bc they understand that they were under construction.  Well they didn't understand why she would be told that, so she went to a nearby restaurant, again, no public restroom available but she finally found one down stairs portion of the building. I found better service and selections at a nearby boutique called Lillian Couture, although I ended buying somewhere else.
5	Destiny's Bride offers the ultimate experience in wedding gown shopping. (No, I'm not getting married right now :) My older neighbor is tho! Stepping inside we both breathed out. The store is beautiful. Stunning. The stuff you see on television programs and in magazines.I could not believe where we were. Like a fairy tale Rose showed us around. The gowns. Oh, the gowns. Designer, couture, amazing pieces. My imagination went to a bride walking down the aisle. A bride twirling on her special day with her family and friends at a reception. These dresses. Statement pieces.My bride (she's mine!) was looking for something unusual and conservative. She needed something unheard of in the bridal shopping schedule. Something off the rack. Something in a pastel color. Something that could be tailored for an event that is around the corner. No ordering. No waiting. (Right? Crazy.)Rose was there to save the day. Miraculously there is a secret corner with gowns meeting this unusual set of criteria. Rose provide excellent accessory suggestions which we jotted down. Of course Rose would know what was best. The accessories in this store are beautiful. Honestly, if you need something sparkly outside of a wedding, just come here. Who says there have to be rules to buy bling? I want a beautiful belt. I want earrings. I want! I want! I want! I want the stuff they have here.The space is divine. Going there is like a dream. Friends and family will enjoy the luxury offered. Just be sure to call ahead and schedule an appointment!
