5	I'm always on the Lookout for Nice Cigar shops, as my Husband has become quite fond of them and I like to bring them home and surprise him.This shoppe was particularly nice because not only did it have a large walk in with tons of cigars (see pics) They also had a nice selection of table top Humidor boxes, a couple large standing Humidor cases, a variety of other accessories and the best part, A dedicated Smoking Lounge in the  back complete with Plasma TV and several leather chairs and  a couch.If you are in need they also rent Humidor Lockers.
2	Just OK.I wasn't very impressed with the knowledge base of the guy working. I asked for type of cigar and he replied that he didn't think they had it, but directed me to the section for that manufacturer. They did indeed have it, in several varieties.On brands that I keep track of, their prices on individual sticks are at least 25% higher than another local shop.I also purchased a butane lighter from him, which he said he would fill. He put the most meager amount of fuel in it possible, and it ran out literally that same night. I had lit it a couple of times to test and adjust the flame strength (because, what man doesn't want to "test" the flame strength?) and it didn't even have enough fuel to light my cigar that evening.I won't be back. Please have someone working that knows the stock from front to back, and who knows how to fill a lighter.
4	Great cigar store, great location, great manager( Ikova ) great cigar selection. so why did I not give it 5 stars? Inadequate ventilation system. The smoking lounge is one of the nicest free lounges in Phoenix with a large flat screen T.V. very nice and comfy leather chairs but it gets very smokey when 4 or more people light up. Compared to other cigars stores in the area this one has the most diverse group of customers from college students to CEO's of fortune 500 companies. The manager is a Davidoff trained cigarista with a very good knowledge of all cigars in the humidor.
4	I love a good cigar shop, and Churchill's definitely qualifies. They have a good selection that is always well stocked, a nice layout, a big, beautiful walk-in humidor, and a good selection of accessories. They are, however, a little more expensive than other cigar shops in the area.
5	Great atmosphere and cool people. Nice little lounge in the back and a wide selection of cigars.
1	I went to this shop today in hopes of killing some time in between errands. When I walked in a was greeted with a half-hearted "hello". It was an after thought. No one entered the humidor to ask if I need assistance. When I went to pay for my cigar I was not asked if I was going to stay and smoke it. The clerk simply bagged the cigar. He interrupted his conversation with another employee to ask me if I wanted a receipt and that was it.  I felt very unwelcome; almost as if I was intruding. Won't be going back.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, nice walk in humidor, comfy overstuffed chairs.  Place was nice and quiet, sat and read a book. Without interruption.
5	Always good, will keep going back time after time after time!
