4	It's no secret that I'm a huge fan of Arcadia Farms, and when I heard they were going to be opening a marketplace across the street, I was psyched.  Of course, this was many months ago... So when I woke up this morning to see an email in my inbox (thanks Lisa G) saying that they were now open for business, I was very excited and knew immediately where to go for lunch.  Needless to say, I made it a priority to get there asap (I didn't want to miss the opportunity to get the FTR).  While it's different than I expected, I was pleasantly surprised!  The menu is diverse and includes many of the AF signature items such as the Mushroom, Spinach & Goat Cheese Tart, the Strawberry Chicken Salad, and their extraordinary desserts.  In addition, they offer plenty of new options such as a Chopped Italian Salad, a Tuna Nicoise Salad, and a Roasted Artichoke & Ricotta Cheese sandwich.  There is a daily soup, and plenty of breakfast items (think everything from muesli to quiche, muffins, croissants, and granola parfaits).  Arcadia Farms' famous apricot iced tea is also on the menu, as well as a full coffee menu. I went with the  AF Breakfast Sandwich ($6.95).  It's an MJ English muffin, scrambled eggs, aged cheddar cheese, and your choice of ham or bacon.  They made it with egg whites for me, and it was delicious.  My dining companions had a sandwich and soup, respectively.  Everything is made to-go, but there is plenty of seating outside if you choose to dine there like we did today.  Marketplace offers a simpler fast/casual option for breakfast, lunch, or a comforting snack in Old Town... They use natural, organic, and local products, and it shows.  Everything is fresh and delicious.  I anticipate this being a welcome addition to my "rotation" of go-to spots in my 'hood.
5	I'm so happy! After years of enjoying a sit-down experience at Arcadia Farms and months of anticipation for the marketplace doors to open, I can officially say that I am one very happy yelper! First of all, I want to wrap the Arcadia Farms Marketplace up and put it in my pocket; it's so cute inside and out! It's like a dream farmhouse and one I could be quite comfortable in for hours. Maybe it has something to do with the tasty sweets and treats staring me in the face too.The marketplace is stocked full of food for all and friendly staff serving it. I always loved visiting the Phoenix Art Museum Arcadia Farms because I'd have a great chat with Lisa G. So, needless to say how pleased I was when I walked into the Marketplace to see her behind the counter! We had a great chat and she told me all about the wonderful items they serve! They have everything from tea packets and flowers to scones, cookies, brownie pops and nutella. They also have their miniature cakes ready for purchase as well as their tasty iced tea and lemonade. The salads are pre-made every morning and waiting in the refrigerator to be eaten. They have tuna nicoise, turkey club, their famous strawberry chicken salad, a garden salad, pasta salad and chicken curry salad with raspberry sauce. They also have a detailed breakfast and sandwich menu that are made-to-order. Besides a couple classics, this menu is different and it's lower in price. The sandwiches range from roast beef and mozzarella and to pressed chicken. They have a lot of options on the menu. I also heard they are introducing a limited dinner menu. It's still not a "cheap" meal, but it's competitive to other lunch options out there at about $8-$9 for a sandwich and $8-$9 for a salad. So now that I've given a recap of what I saw at the marketplace, I will report on what I ate! It was tough...so tough to decide between a sandwich and salad. I wanted both! Then the more I looked at the chicken curry salad, the more appealing it looked, so I opted for that. Verdict? Very pleased!! The chicken curry has a sweetness to it and then the raspberry dressing is the perfect addition. Arcadia Farm's pesto shrimp salad is addicting and I think that this one might be up there with that level of addiction! It was the perfect size and filled me up without making me want to roll out of there. For my beverage, I went for the raspberry ice tea. And yes, today I decided my sweet tooth would win over my willpower, so I took a lemon cake muffin for the road. In summary, it was a very summeresque meal and very fulfilling! I sat outside at their tables in the front. I wish they had indoor seating but it seems like the indoor seating is only for the private event catering. But then again, this is a marketplace and the purpose is for people to get in and out. Speaking of the private catering room, it is absolutely adorable in there. Arcadia Farms is the perfect place for a bridal or baby shower or ladies lunch, but the restaurant itself can be a little cramped so it makes it hard. Therefore, this is a great alternative! If I ever need to plan a ladies-only party, hands-down this will be my first choice. In summary, I definitely see myself becoming a regular at the Arcadia Farm's Marketplace. I still love the sit-down Arcadia Farms, but when I don't have time to sit down and have a ladies lunch, I'm very happy that they've given me this alternative!!
5	The woman who runs it is awesome and the food is really yummy. You can order breakfast or lunch. Desserts and espresso drinks are also available. It is a great grab-and-go place. There are tables outside, but the chairs aren't very comfortable.
4	This place is dangerous to my figure.  I guess I didn't care about it too much today.  I got so many wonderful baked goods.  They baked them right there, so it is fresh and you can taste it.  The blueberry lemon muffin was delicious.  I also got a strawberry lemon brioche, which was wonderful.  I am saving the lemon cake cookie for the twins.  I hope it is still available after their nap.  I didn't get a sandwich but I am sure coming back to check them out for lunch.
1	It's a cute little to-go for sandwiches and salad across the Acardia farm cafe which is a sitting down restaurant. The blond girl at the register is absolutely rude, loud an obnoxious. She does not have any manner at all. Talk to customers without please and thank you. She needs to learn how to speak and not bark.On to the food, the sandwiches are small and a little pricy. Not worth all the claim about the turkey and brie. Just sandwich, slices of apple and brie. You can make it at home.
4	This is such a cute little place with a simple menu of baked goods, sandwiches, soup and salads.I've had three different flavors of cookies - all of which have been delish. I've also had a few salads that I enjoyed. However, the one time I ordered a sandwich, I ended up throwing the whole thing away. It was that bad. Don't order the one with chicken, brie, onions and bacon. yuck. (surprising - because I love all those ingredients)!Anyhow, if you're looking for a quick lunch - this isn't it (unless you get their pre-made salads). Their sandwiches take forever (i.e. 15 minutes and no one in front of you)! And I even waited a long time for soup the other day.I will be back for more baked goods and salads. Hopefully I'll get to try their breakfast menu one of these days too. Super cute place, perfect for lunching with a girlfriend.PS - On a recent long wait, they even gave me a free peanut butter cookie. So at least they recognize that.
4	We were looking for a good brunch place to meet our aunts while visiting from San Diego.  A friend suggested Arcadia Farms.  What a delightful place to spend time with friends.  The attention by staff was just right, and the food was just perfect.  We each enjoyed the tasty, fresh, well-presented dishes.  For locals and travelers alike, this is a stop worth making.
4	I just strolled in to see if I could find something for my semi sweet tooth (sweet and savory is more my style) and what a perfect place to get your fix . They have premade salads that looked like they had been made a few minutes prior , sandwiches, other items . The pastry bar was impressive , the cupcakes looked beautiful and everything looked so inviting .  I ordered a fresh squeezed lemonade and a lemon poppy seed Madeline , both were perfect for my fix. I will be back for lunch. Stay tuned...
4	After lunching at Arcadia Farms, we decided to take a walk, as we heard the Marketplace where they sell their baked goods was not too far. Little did we know, all we had to do was cross the street!Arcadia Farms Marketplace has several pre-made sandwiches and salads to choose from if you want to pick up a quick lunch. The case is full of some scrumptious looking baked goods, which I will definitely need to save room for next time!We didn't buy anything this time, since we had just eaten, but what a convenient little place to pick up a quick yummy meal...and even better, most items are a few $$ less than on the menu across the street!
5	If you know me, you know that I am a huge fan of Arcadia Farms Marketplace!!  Right when you walk in, your eyes get taken over by the amazing pastry, muffin, and cinnamon roll display that they make fresh and in house.  The restaurant has an elegant french country themed thing goin on but doesn't have the high prices to match (which is a great thing).   Service seems to always be warm and friendly, the decor of the place is magnificent, and the food is quality.  I dare you to try......anything. You will be impressed, and this place is still mellow enough to feel like your own little hidden find!
4	This is a small, cute little place to stop in for coffee and something freshly baked, or grab a light lunch to go.  If you're staying at the Hotel Valley Ho, it's within walking distance, so that's an added bonus.  I had a cappuccino and a lemon cake cookie, and both were delicious.
5	This place is excellent and NEVER seems to be busy. The AF breakfast sandwich is filling and tasty - homemade crispy English muffin, lots of egg and cheese with a little bit of tangy mayo, husband and I prefer it with ham over the bacon. Every pastry I've ever had is excellent as well (lemon cake cookie was SO moist, strawberry scone perfectly lightly sweet, chocolate chip cookies have just the right amount of crisp around the edges but are mostly gooey and chocolatey...) and the service is always friendly. And of course it's so charming, seating indoors and out, and they have their own parking lot so it's easy to pop in and grab something. I've also had the turkey Brie and Apple sandwich which is served on awesome walnut bread with a touch of fig jam - yum. You can tell everything is made in house and with so much love and attention. I plan on bringing all of our out of town visitors here. The only bummer is that they are closed on Sundays.
5	I work just around the corner and the smells that come from this place are so heavenly.  Every Friday morning I get a whiff of the delicious pastries as I walk into my office.  I think I have tried every one of their pastries but the Pecan cinnamon roll and the lemon cookie are my favorites.  Their salads (for when I'm being good) are also very filling.  Huge portions.  I usually split them into lunch and dinner.  The dressings are made not bought.  Luckily I've dropped down to working just one day a week because my pants were about to pop at the seams.  Oh and the staff is always in a good mood.  Very friendly.  They usually have discounted pastries after 2pm.
