1	My boyfriend and I visited this property and really liked the price for what seemed like quality. We put down a holding deposit on an apartment, pending approval. The document/receipt for the deposit stated that we had 48 hours to get the deposit back if we changed our minds, but that the deposit was refundable if we were not approved for the apartment. My credit was not approved, so they told us we were denied.  I asked if a co-signer would change things; they said no. I asked if we could get the apartment if my boyfriend was approved on his own. The manager said yes.  She made it clear that because I wouldn't be on the lease I would not be able to personally request help from maintenance and if I got locked out of the apartment they wouldn't be able to give me a key because my name would not be on the lease.  He got approved and we were excited to move in. Two weeks later, which was 2 weeks before our planned move-in date- my boyfriend got a call that management had changed and he was no longer approved for the apartment and both residents (he and I) had to be individually approved.  They said we could re-apply in six months. They were incredibly rude and had trouble explaining their reasoning for everything and they were constantly placing blame on other employees. All we wanted was for them to be honest with us, and they were dishonest and changing their stories repeatedly.  We had had enough and decided we'd rather not deal with such terrible, incompetent management.  After all that, since they said we were not approved, we asked to be refunded our holding deposit and they refused. The "Deposit to Hold Agreement" states exactly, "The holding deposit is refundable if my application is not approved payable to the party(s) completing this application." The woman kept insisting we were cancelling and that we only had two days to cancel and get a refund.  If we were not permitted to get our holding deposit back, then we should have been approved to move into the apartment- but we were not. Therefore, the holding deposit should rightfully be refunded.
1	Worst people ever. Allison-shelton should be ashamed of having their name on this property. Blame the office staff, two-faced people. Glad i moved out. Now i'm looking at a bit cheaper rent for more space, and the staff of my new place leave me alone. Worst apartment staff ever in mesa here at colores del sol. Stay away from colores del sol, I really don't have to tell you, because when I really did need them, like to pay the rent, they weren't there. 0900-1700 (9am-5pm) were the hours and they were gone between 0901-1659 impossible people they are. I befriended my neighbors when living there, and to no surprise of mine, they were ready to move out too. see a blonde named Sam, stay away!
1	The apartments are decent but the people who manage this property are a complete fraud. They act all nice prior to your move in but once you take residence its a whole different ball game. They are not very good about completing work orders and they will never show up to fix anything when you are home. If they do come to perform a work order while your home an excuse will be made that they need to come back. The office staff is even worse. I lived in the same building as one of the office staff and I was constantly harassed by her. I was almost embarrassed to have any company over or visitors from out of town as she made it impossible. I had a friend stay with me for his two week vacation and she had the audacity to give me an unauthorized occupant notice and forced me to have a background check done on him and pay a fee or vacate. In addition I rescued a small dog and went to pay the fees and was told, " its okay, your good. She's cute don't worry about it " only to have her months later use this as a weapon against me when I had company over once that she didn't particularly like the looks of... He had cancer and was in his last days. Then I had a celebrities sibling staying with me for a week again on a vacation and the harassment ensued.   I would get dirty looks coming and going from my vehicle to my apartment, snipped at coming home from work. It was worse than dealing with my ex wife. I think most of the issue lied in the fact that  am a ministry student. The issues I had with this properties management at one point got so severe I lost my job over needing to take time off to get things felt with. In the end they denied me my move out walk through and promised to call me and give me a chance to come back and do further cleaning if need be,  they didn't. A month after I moved out I called looking for my pet deposit only to be verbally informed I owed them money for smoke damage in my apartment when I rarely ever allowed smoking indoors. That aside there was not a no smoking clause in my lease. Whatever you do Don't Rent Here.
4	Generally speaking, people only go out of their way to say mean things or to complain. After reading the other reviews I feel you should hear a different type of review. I myself have been a resident since Feb., 2014. I like it here. The office staff is wonderful and very helpful. Any work order I have put in has been done promptly. I love the fact that they always clean up their mess too =] The property is well kept. I feel relatively safe. I am thankful they don't just let anyone move in. The price is very favorable. During the day the parking lot is empty but at night it is full. That tells me that we live in a complex where people have jobs and are looking for the same things I am. A restful and peaceful place to come home to after a tough day. In closing, I just want you to know that I would choose to live here again if I had it to do all over. Thank you Colores Del Sol employees and residents.
