1	lousy!  rude but most importantly she butchered my pants!  DO NOT USE
1	RUDE!  Ruined my daughters brand new prom dress!  Snagged it then tried to get snags out with hot iron/steam but now the dress has oil like stains all over it.  My daughter has been crying for days and we may have to buy a new dress and prom is in 4 days.  Lady wouldn't come out to talk to us, she's hiding from us and she took our money and won't return it.  DO NOT USE THIS TAILOR
1	Do NOT used this tailor.  She is incompetent and a bad seamstress.  My pants  had to be done twice and there is a hole in the fabric.  Shame on this business!!!!
1	WOW, the lady who owns this place is PSYCHO!  She did not hem my bridesmaid dress properly (after charging a fortune to do the work to begin with).  I took it back when she wasn't working and a different lady who helped me was like no worries, if you are not happy with the work we will re-do it.  The owner called me the day I was supposed to pick it up and said she wasn't fixing it because she had it done it right the first time and proceeded to get in an argument over it.  I went immediately to pick it up and she refused to hand it over.  I literally had to RIP it out of her hands.  UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE, AND TERRIBLE AT THEIR WORK.  NEVER EVER EVER GO TO THEM!!!!!
4	I really don't know what this people are talking about.I have been her costumer more than 3 years now and never had any problems.
5	Hello,I have to say that my experience with PV Tailoring has been a very pleasant one! I have received top notch treatment and am very pleased with the work and attention to detail on my garments. Ali is an absolute doll and extremely helpful. She always manages to squeeze me in and get my items done on time!I would recommend PV Tailoring to all! It is in a desirable location and the hours are quite convenient. Parking is easy too!Hope this helps all of you new to the area or whatever your needs may be!
1	STAY AWAY!! This is the biggest disaster of a business. The woman who runs PV Tailoring is nuts! I took two simple pair of slacks in to have them hemmed. She told me they would be available 3 days later. When I stopped in to pick up the items, she began to argue and then started SCREAMING (yes, screaming) that I had come a week early (even though my pick up tag stated the exact pick up date!) So, I went away and came back the next week. She is so disorganized that she didn't know if they were ready. She came agitated again and claimed that the items were not ready. I could see the slacks on her rack and pointed them out.  The woman is rude and hot headed. She does not keep the hours posted on her door (goes away for lunch, shows up late, leaves early...) She charges 150% what other tailors do. She is disorganized - she doesn't prioritize and can't find your clothes. SHE CHARGES CASH AND DOES NOT PROVIDE RECEIPTS which begs the question: "Is she paying taxes?"
