5	I absolutely loved this  hotel. The  rooms were quite roomie and clean. They offered a free business room with  2  pc's with printers and mailing supplies from  UPS.In which u could use 24/hrs  being  nobody else is using them. The continental breakfast was on hit. U make ur own  waffles w/ hot griddle and all . Omelet(folded egg) sausage patties and  fruit and bagels etc. Love it   better than the $180 room on the strip from a more popular and bigger casino  room  in-which i stayed the remain time i was i Las Vegas.I was also there on New Years 2010
5	no other comfort suites in the country gets better than this..great management,great staff 5 star clean great hotel close to las vegas strip..i stayed 4 times in this hotel last 2 years
5	Very nice accomodations and good location just far enough away from the hectic strip to be relaxing, but close enough to access the strip.
4	I stay in a lot of hotels throughout the year. This is a really nice place, especially for a Comfort Inn.The PROS:- Everything is brand new and clean. I think this hotel was built not too long ago.- It feels a lot classier than other Comfort Inns.The CONS (these are minor but they're the reason I didn't give 5 stars):- Although everything else is new, the coffee is still the same old Comfort Inn swill.- Also on the coffee, the coffee cups in the room are small and styrofoam; definitely not up to the quality of the rest of the hotel.- The door to the bathroom opens right into the doorway to the room. Also, it doesn't stay open and closes if you don't prop it open, which can get super annoying.
4	Overall it was a good experience. Their complementary breakfast was better than most. Free internet and access to the business center, which comes in handy when you need to print your boarding pass.Only reason I'm not giving it a 5/5 is because the bathrooms don't have an exhaust. When I stepped in there, it felt like a sauna. Maybe the bathroom should be left open before guests arrive so the AC can reach there too.
5	This place was great. The husband and I stayed here the night before our big kayak adventure through Black Canyon. The location of the hotel is great, its near food and a gas station. The hotel is lit pretty well, and looks fairly new. The rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. We didn't stay long enough to have the breakfast or check out any of the other amenities, but overall everything seamed nice.If I'm ever in the Henderson area again, I will be checking into the Comfort Inn.
4	Location was easy to find, just off the freeway. The hotel is surrounded by a large indoor mall along with a few outdoor mini malls all within walking distance. You could find all different type of food choices available in just a small area. The beds were comfy and the rooms were large enough to not feel so squished with 3 teens. Breakfast consisted of a waffle station, many cereal and fruit selections, a step up from your normal continental breakfast. I definitely would stay here again.
4	We stayed here due to it's proximity to Sam Boyd Stadium. It was very clean and the staff was friendly. The continental breakfast was perfect for my 7 year old son to fill up. The bed was hard and uncomfortable and the hallway was loud. Unfortunately though, we were on the first floor close to the lobby so that is to be expected. I would definitely stay here again.
5	This place is an unbelievable value. Paid $75 plus tax on a Saturday night! Really fun outdoor pool, very clean and updated rooms. Fluffy towels and comfortable beds. The casino across the street wanted almost $200 bucks. Breakfast was good and included and had sausage, eggs, and biscuits and gravy plus 3 kinds of fruit and yogurt. Not a 4 star hotel but like I said, and amazing value and I would totally stay here again.
5	Great place to stay!!It was quiet and they had the pool open later than most of the big hotels on the strip. The rooms were clean and updated. Free breakfast included make your own belgian waffles and biscuits and gravy that were pretty tasty. They also had your normal continental breakfast fare of donuts, bagels, muffins, etc.The staff at the front desk were always very friendly and helpful.The thing I like most about this place was the water pressure in the shower, I know, not a normal thing you would see in a Yelp rev but sometimes its the little things. This place has the best water pressure out of any Vegas hotel I've ever stayed. That alone will keep me coming back!! Free WiFi was also a plus!
5	My experience here was excellent.  Check in was quick & painless, room was clean, quiet, and bed was comfortable.  A big plus was free wifi and I never heard the housekeeping staff in the morning time.  Other places I've stayed you hear the staff in the hallways in the early morning hours or they knock on your door when you're trying to sleep ignoring the "do not disturb" sign hanging from the doorknob.  Didn't partake in the breakfast that was offered but it must've been good, there were a bunch of people eating. Another plus is having shops, restaurants, etc., nearby.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	I've stayed here twice, extended stay both times.  The first time was exceptional and the second time was even better.  The welcome was both unexpected and very graciously warm.  I was in awe that they remembered me.  There had been some changes since the first time.  All of them for the better.   All of the staff were professional and warm.  Jackie, the manager, Andi, the assistant, and others all reserve an honorable mention.  Yolanda will make sure the breakfast goes smoothly and that nothing runs out.  Arturo kept calling me boss, but I got used to it. He is great at getting things done.  Justin, Carolyn and Sherry work the desk and help out in the computer room when needed.  Justin gets top billing because he is the one who finished the puzzle.  I'm not sure who all were working the housecleaning staff because as stated elsewhere, they were quiet, inconspicuous, and efficient.  Sorry for any misspellings and missed names. I was there in the cold season and I can't really recommend the pool, though I can encourage you to take advantage of the hot tub. The exercise room is good and you can watch your choice of programing while on the tread mill or other equipmentLocation is within 1/2 mile of pretty much anything you could want. Look it up, and it will likely be there. Another change since last year was the 'happy hour'.  This consists of refreshments from 5PM to 7PM on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, and from 5 to 8PM Pier Marini plays on the piano.  I say plays on the piano because he enjoys it too much to work it. I however would encourage you to make him work* by requesting songs that you believe he might not know. He probably will, but make him work anyways, it's fun.  He is a joy. Another honorable mention goes to Kim who sings very well and knows more about Las Vegas history and theater and most* of the lyrics than I could ever remember. Occasionally he will visit and enjoy the music. The mood is warm and informal and relaxing. Just what I needed after work. Cookies are baked fresh nightly. I seem to have a weakness for them, so I did partake often. The breakfast offerings are well above average in both taste and selection. You can't go wrong by staying here.  * both words put in to tease them.
4	I was attending a concert at Sunset Station but did not want to pay $150.00 for 1 night so I looked into this Comfort Inn. It is just behind Sunset Station and my room actually had a view of the concert grounds. The price was around $75.00 (Friday night) so I was very happy with that. The check in was quick, staff was friendly, lobby was clean. The room was very big and clean. Nice furniture and TV. Bed was comfortable. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the bathroom door would not stay open on it's own so I had to prop it open with the trash can. I would totally recommend this place.
4	Definitely not a bad option if you're looking for something off the strip or if you need to stay out in Henderson. We opted for this hotel because they were able to accommodate six adults at a decent price. We got one room with two queen beds and a pull-out sofa bed for a total of $110 which is less than $20 per person. The rooms weren't bad at all. The beds were comfy, the room was clean, and the bathroom wasn't gross, what more could you really ask for from a Comfort Inn? For the most part the staff was rather friendly. My only real grip with the hotel/staff was that they were knocking on our door at 9am. Yes, I know that isn't THAT early but in Vegas 9am is probably considered 6am to most people. I understand they have a job to do and all but they should know who has checked out and shouldn't be knocking on guests doors to figure this out. Secondly, Maria and Juan were talking up a storm right in front of our door after this. I swear no one wants to hear that at 9am in the morning. I expected much more from the staff. It is a hotel for gods sake, people do come here to sleep. OverallGreat value for what you get. TipThey have a cookie hour and a continental breakfast.Parking isn't awful but if it's a busy weekend you'll find yourself struggling to find parking.
4	We usually stay at Sunset Station Casino across the way for our Lake Mead family trips; however, they did not have sufficient rooms available for our entire group.  Comfort Inn & Suites was a pleasant surprise.  Staff was friendly, rooms and facility were clean; free FULL breakfast and happy hour Mon-Thurs.  Location was central to restaurants and stores.  Only gripe is that the beds were not quite comfortable but decent and wifi connectivity was poor.  However, we have decided that overall, we prefer Comfort Inn & Suites over Sunset Station.  We will definitely return!
2	Front office staff was rude and condescending because we wanted to check in early.Friends of ours showed up after we did and yet they received their rooms. We waited 3 hours for our room.
4	The staff is very nice and the free breakfast is also a plus. Management if your reading this, my only complaint is that we can't draw the curtin during the day. After being out really late would would be nice to have a dark room in the morning.
5	The front desk staff were super pleasant to greet me as I walked into the hotel. The rooms were extremely clean and newly renovated. Also, the breakfast was delicious and the best part was that it's free! I met the GM Andi and she genuinely cares about her customers satisfaction. The hotel was very accommodating overall. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
2	Sorry, I was not impressed at all with this motel. I am a business man, stayed here only for business purpose. I need to use my laptop when I stay at most motels, this motel has the worse wifi system. They do not control it in house, they use a very cheap supplier and that supplier could care less if you need service or not, so don't call the front desk, they do not have any information on who supplies their "free" wifi. I spent 7 phone calls trying to get the attention of the supplier. I was told 4 times they were on their way to fix it, but between 5:00 pm on Monday until 8:30 am on Tuesday, no one bothered to show up and when I complained at the front desk, I was told this happens repeatedly. So if you are a business man/woman and need a wifi service in your motel, don't waste your money on this place.Also, the plumbing in the bathroom sucks. Shower does not turn on when you want it to and when it does come on it has a varied temperature that you can not control.
