4	I am so glad we ended up at this location. We were going to stay at Knight's Inn but that place was a complete dump!!! We arrived there in the middle of the night and the front desk attendant was very helpful and set us up with the room quickly, since we didn't have reservations. Our bed was one of the most comfortable motel beds I've ever slept on and were more that enough pillows for both me and my boyfriend. The bathroom was very clean and the shower water pressure was awesome. (We ran out of hot water at the previous place we stayed at -__-) There's a body wash/shampoo/conditioner dispenser in the shower which makes more sense than restocking daily with those small, fun size toiletries. Over all, this place was cool and it has a pool and hot tub :-)  Definitely staying there again.
3	Stayed here November 16-19. Conveniently located off the 60 Fwy. There's a Shell Gas station with a carwash and mini mart on same property. Overall hotel and room was very clean, but smelled like cigarette smoke. Reminded me of a Stateline, Laughlin or Old Vegas hotel room where even though you were in non-smoking, you could still smell the smoke. Bed was comfy. Was very cool to see a soap/shampoo/conditioner dispenser inside the shower, which is something I've never seen before but that was totally ingenious and very awesome.They have continental breakfast here which was also a plus, but the OJ could've been a better brand, and a nice added extra touch would be to have flavored creamers available, but you can't beat the waffles, bananas, yogurt and mini muffins in the morning, which saves you a couple of bucks. Parking lot was well lit too. There's a pool and jacuzzi, vending machines, ice machine, a washing machine and dryer you can pay to use, and free Wi-Fi. My only negative besides the cigarette smoke smell is the fact that there was a little paint peeling/mold in the shower area, BUT, overall, if I have to stay at a hotel when I go back to the Phoenix area, I think I'd come back here.
5	I yelped before I left Los Angeles so as to know what to expect. After a long drive from Los Angeles, I was extremely pleased with this location, except you don't have to make a U-turn to enter.  Very nice helpful staff. Was pleased to see the parking big and bright. Night time desk was quick and helpful. Up to our 2nd floor no-smoking room by elevator,  Walking to our room, I was impressed at how clean everything was.Yet it did smell from cigarette smoke. Just why do these smokers get a floor for no smokers?  Our room was big and clean. Bathroom was fantastically clean; no scum  or mold anywhere. No paint peeling. Shower was awesome. Didn't use the soap dispenser because the labels were all gone and I couldn't tell what was what. But then again, who travels without their soaps? All room amenities worked. Large screen T.V.,fridge,microwave,coffee maker,all were clean and worked perfectly. Even had a iron and a board.  Arizona is known to be hot, and it was 110 (June 1st)  but the room A/C worked great. Bed pillows, for me were too soft...but that's me. I was hoping for a area with fresh eggs and rolls, Got a room with dispensers of OJ and apple juice, waffle maker, some rolls, cereal and yogurt. No eggs. :(  Best part was the check out, Carol is a doll!!! She is sweet and personable...not the norm for hotels with incense and poor English speaking desk people with bad attitudes from lands that tolerate bad service.  I will have to come back....at least just to say hi to Carol!The word for this place is CLEAN!
1	A third party booked this room for me for 3 nights. When I first walked into the room, I could barely breathe it was so smoky/musky. I entered further into the room, and there were urine stains on the sheets and carpet! I told my husband that we would find someplace else to go for the night, because I was legitimately concerned that I might catch an STD or something from being there a minute longer.
1	My husband and I stayed at this motel for the last three nights. We really had no choice because we had to bring our large dog on the trip. We booked the room here because we planned on leaving her in the room while we explored Arizona. Well, when we arrived we were told that our dog could not be left alone at any time in the room. When we were given our room key, we went to our room which had to be on the third floor because we had a dog, to unload our stuff. The room we were given was filthy!!! The beds had not been made, the trash cans were full, the light in the bathroom didn't work, and though we asked for a nonsmoking room, it smelled like a smoke parlor.  I walked down the hall to ask the maid if she could come by and clean our room, and she said I don't know anything about that. I would be the one that cleans the room but they didn't tell me to clean it...I guess the look of disgust on my face made her feel bad because she went downstairs to get us a different room, which was nice. The room we were then given, had a horrible smell! The linens were stained, the shower did not drain, the toilet barley flushed, the light in the bathroom took like three minutes to warm up before fully turning on,  the AC was freezing cold no matter what setting you put it on, there was old food in the refrigerator. We went to Wal-Mart to buy a comforter,  and new sheets that we put on the bed to sleep on top of because we were terrified to sleep on their linens! What made our stay even worse was that the beds had a permanent dent in the middle, so my husband and I would roll into it! We had a stiff neck, and lower back pain due to the discomfort of the beds. On the morning after our first night there, we were greeted by multiple police cars in the parking lot. There were four people surrounded by officers, and the vehicle parked next to ours was being searched. As we walked over to our car, an officer told us to check our vehicle to make sure nothing had been stolen. He also advised us to not leave our belongings unattended in our room. So everyday we had to lug all of our bags to and from the car! I will never stay in a Super 8 motel again!! I highly advise anyone traveling with a pet to bite the bullet and pay the extra money for a good hotel. This was the most disappointing trip we have ever had! It was a total bust, and I completely blame this crap motel from hell!!If you appreciate the value of your money DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
1	Are you kidding me? After a long drive from the inland empire in California we checked in and I had to re-clean the bathroom. I took some ajax and a hand towel to scourer the foot print off the bath tub floor. Swept the hair someone else left on the floor (gag). Glad I didn't have our black light to see bodily fluids on floor and bed. Yuck. Spend a little more money and stay somewhere else. This place is gross, and smelly.
