5	I'm here in Las Vegas for a one-week vacation and my young adult pastor at my home church in California recommended coming here for Sunday service. He had served here for some 10 years. My review is only based on my one visit, so take it with a grain of salt!This place is HUGE. I've attended several megachurches in the past, but this is by far the largest church building I think I've been in, with plenty of parking to boot. Parking was pretty well controlled by volunteers.Upon entering, it was almost overwhelming. People milling about, a stylish cafe, tons of classrooms, and the huge auditorium/chapel. I think about 2,400 were in attendance at the 10:20 am service I went to.Members of this church are super friendly, people wishing me a Happy New Year everywhere I went, including the sinks in the restrooms. Lots of families, looked like a pretty diverse demographic too.The service itself was similar to other megachurches I've been to. Concert-style worship with an amazingly talented worship team on stage, dim lights, brightly colored spotlights, two large video broadcast screens with song lyrics overlaid on live video. Announcements were all done on video.The sermon was presented by guest speaker Bill Butterworth of Southern California (http://www.billbutterworth.com/) who delivered a solid message with great foundations. I felt it was geared more towards newer believers (and service was also very short), but I don't mind that at all. The message was clear and easy to understand and remember, which is important.If I lived in Las Vegas, I would probably put this church high on my list of churches to check out again and possibly become a member of! Highly recommended, especially for newer believers looking for a place to seek God and learn how to get grounded in the Bible. It sounds like there's a lot of ways to get involved with the church family too!
5	This is my church.I start by saying that because the other current reviews are people that don't really attend.  I have been attending Central for one and a half years.  While it is big, you make it small be getting involved: in a small group, voluntering, making friends, etc.  The messages are brought in a different, yet, understandable kind of way.  Jud, the senior pastor, has a way of breaking down the Bible in a way that you may never have full comprehended before.  For example, in the Song of Solomon, King Solomon compared his wife's teeth to the whiteness of sheep.  Well, back in that day, many did not have all of their teeth, let alone they were not white.  This was an "at the time" compliment.Ulimately, this is a church that goes by the Bible, but there is no judgment in it.  One person is not "better" than another, which was my problem with other churches.  48 years after this church was founded by a dozen people, thousands of people get to hear God's Word in an interesting and definitely not boring way.If you are interested, come and check it out.  Leave your hang ups at the door.
5	We come here whenever were in Vegas. Which is about once a month. This is our church home away from home. Nothing but the best way to praise and worship the Lord. Heart, soul, and Spirit mixed into one and you will crave for more. Messages are short and simple but retentive and digs your heart to the core.
5	I moved to Vegas from LA 3 years ago and I was googling Christian churches in Vegas & Henderson.  For some reason this church stood out to me above the other and so I decided to attend my first service on a sunday morning.  Let's just say I've been attending ever since that first day and love going to Central every weekend!  This church is amazing and God is doing so much with it not only in the Vegas valley but all over the world.I normally have gone to big churches in OC such as Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa and Harvest Church in Riverside so I felt right at home in a BIG church with 5 different service times on the weekend.  I know that many people feel that they get lost in the crowd because this church has so many attendee's but the staff does a great job at making you feel at home and that your a huge part of the congregation.  I really liked their motto "A place where it's ok to not be ok".  This really stood out to me because they know that people need someone to just listen and talk to or to help them out in a crisis and this church does just that.They have all different types of programs for everyone...there is just too many to list...for more of that info it is great to call the church or go to their website. Pastor Jud Wilhite is an amazing pastor and I like the fact that he tells it like it is and he's got great style, not only in the way he dresses, but the way he speaks...he really uses real life situations and scenarios and really just gets down to a level where you can apply all of his teachings to your everyday life.  I even like the fact that he writes so many of his own books and all the proceeds go back to the church to help out all of the ministries that it is doing.  He is a rockstar of a pastor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I travel alot and since I am from LA my time in Vegas is short.  I know that I will be leaving very soon and I will miss driving to the main Henderson campus.  I will miss the worship songs so much but one of the amazing things they have done is broadcasting their service live on the internet through their website or by logging in off of their facebook campus.  This is a great way for me to watch the service when I'm not in Vegas!Thanks Central for so much that you do in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ!  You are always in my prayers and when I eventually have to leave Vegas you will be missed, but when I visit, I will always make time to come to a service!God Bless!!!!!
5	Awesome. Laid back, great music, coffee shop, not "preachy" and with a good message.
5	Love Love Love this church........it's anything but traditional! The Pastor is Wonderful as well as the staff and the band!!!!! They have so many groups, activities and a amazing children's ministry!!!
5	I have lived here since 2004 and saw the church off the freeway and thought it was just too big for me.  After several people told me about how wonderful this place is we had to go. - Only took 7 years.  Once you enter you are warmly greeted.  I love that there is a bookstore and coffee shop especially after worship we can sit and chat with our friends.  The Kids program is amazing.  My daughter loves it there and towards the end of the week she is reminding us about Church on Saturday night.  For us we got involved in small groups, but even not getting involved once you walk through the doors I have never felt lost in the crowd by the amount of people.  I just love the message I hear from the Pastor and love the music.  This place is amazing.
5	I attend here often for the Saturday night service.  Awesome and engaging worship sets.  Like the use of video alot.  Creative!!Judd Wilhite, the lead pastor, always brings a message that is relevant to me life.Casual dress as well, so no ties or dresses please :)Check it out this weekend yo!!!
5	My sister who lives in Vegas and attends this church regularly, brought me here every Sunday for worship while I was visiting for two months. I was happy to witness and experience such a phenomenon in a place I would refer to as "Sin City". Upon entering this beautiful church, it felt great being around so many different people that simply wish to better themselves. I've been skeptic of super big church organizations, but the vibe I got from this place was pretty good. It's down to earth and they do a great job at raising peoples spirits up in these tough times. Made me realize the importance of larger churches. The amenities offered at this church are superb and its well organized as indicated by the other reviews, and what highly impressed me was the strong messages and down to earth pastor. Judd Wilhite hits strong on center stage and I like how he applies meaningful messages while constantly crediting the Bible. Also, I like the fact that he is not pro-Central, and encourages everyone to try out other churches. I'm grateful this church exists and has helped so many people.
5	They have the best music band!!!
5	The atmosphere is full of energy!There is an awesome band, with incredible singers and electric guitars. If you are looking for a traditional church, this is not the place for you. However, if you want to attend a church that is full of energy, and alive with the Spirit of The Lord...this is it. Pastor Jud Wilhite does a wonderful job of bringing every day issues together with the teachings of the Bible. I have never been so happy to attend church in my life. I have brought out of town family members  here, and all of them were thrilled with the experience.
5	Come early!  Once Worship songs start it's very dark and hard to find a seat
4	It's time for me to write some reviews of the churches i've attended since living in Las Vegas full-time ( 2006 ) My church reviews are limited to Sermon attendance on either Saturday, Sunday or Wednesday but primarily Sunday.  Also, another confession - i have yet to "formally" commit to any specific church ( I won't bore you with the details as to why. ) I've only attended one service at Central - it was on a wednesday.  It was a recording of the Sunday service ( not sure which one ) but the music was live.  Man, this is one BIG church.  Personally, not my cup of tea but after hearing the sermon, I can understand why people might be receptive to a large church like Central.  The pastor (not sure if the head pastor or not ) was an excellent speaker.  the message was positive with several examples of how the verse applied to current timesthe music was inspirational. I read some of the material provided prior to the sermon and i am impressed as to how Central reaches out to the community to help.I enjoyed my lone visit to Central !
4	first time I went to central Christian church is when jim caviezel was invited to give the sermon. im a big fan of caviezel since the passion Christ, and i couldnt pass the chance of not hearing him preach the Word. central Christian celebrates the mass with songs and dancing. its very upbeat and loud with electric guitars. far from the traditional Episcopalian mass im used to.this is the kind of church that can draw people in, thru their music, thru the preaching, and other activities that the church offers.the church gives its congregation the opportunity to accept Christ as their Lord and Savior. it gives people who doesn't have faith, be born again and live a faithful life with Christ. the main core of the Church is the bible. it inculcates in individuals that the bible is not just another tale, its the greatest book every written that tells about Christ's exemplary life, sacrificial death, and the powerful resurrection; the congregation has the belief that making the bible the guide to life, can transform your life, that it has a great impact to your past, present, and even future.
5	Easily the best Church I've ever been to. As soon as you enter the doors your greeted by friendly people who will help you with any questions you have like: Where to drop of kids, Service times, directions around the building, etc. They put on great services every week with awesome worship and a tremendous message. I think my favorite part is the guest speakers they have on occasion it really keeps it new and fresh. *****BUT my overall favorite part about this church is the people. The community here is great and they make it fun and worthwhile to be a volunteer. And you can tell they strive to make your experience great from the second you get out of your car. Truly an awesome place to spend your weekends.
5	Heres my thing.Some people will have an issue with this church because of its use of technology. I personally think that they are trying to appeal to a different generation, and I think that they are great for that.The messages are always great, and learning the word of God should not be limited to a specific type of transmission!Love this church.
5	Seeking spiritual enlightenment in my life, I went on a trek through Vegas to find the church that was right for me. Growing up as a Catholic during my early kid and teen years, I naturally went to a lot of Catholic churches in the area. After attending many services, I remembered why I became disillusioned with the Church in the first place.Then, I was reading either the Seven, or VW (can't remember), and they had a story on the largest churches in the Valley. They mentioned that CCC was the biggest church in the state. Intrigued, I attended a service.Walking in, I noticed that this was not your "mom and dads" church. Everyone was dressed comfortably. And, there was a coffee shop as well. Already, things were looking up! When going inside the auditorium, it reminded me of a music venue, with stadium seating. And on stage, there was band playing Christian rock music. It felt like I was at a concert!After wards, there was the offering. What is great is that a lot of the money goes into developing our community. The highlight is the sermon. This is not your typical one (if you have attended a denominational church). What I liked most about it was that every speech touches "home". No matter where you are in your life, Pastor Jud and his team know how to make it relevant to every single individual, somewhat like "words of wisdom". So, even if you are or are not Christian, or don't believe in any God in particular, CCC is a great place to go if you feel like something is missing in your life, or, you just want to be around people that are searching for the same answers to life as yourself. Plus, the coffee is good :)
5	Amazing church. If you have never gone before now is the time. Just walk in and sit down. I doubt you will be disappointed.
5	Thank God for New Beginnings! You will find yours here! Warning: The music here is equivalent to any rock concert. Bring ear plugs, and you will still hear fine.
4	I love Central.  I take friends and family there who either aren't familiar with Christianity or have a bad taste in their mouth about the whole "church" thing.  It's very laid back, accepting, love-focused, and palatable.  For the more advanced, it may seem like "church Lite," but I've never wishing I hadn't come.  Hands down, the best hour of my week, every week.
1	This church is all about prosperity gospel preaching. Money money money. It is more concerned with tickling the congregations ear instead of confronting sin. It is more concerned with growing its congregation and revenues by appealing to the "modern day Christian." Some so called Christians choose to be Christians because they expect to gain some sort of worldly blessing from it. But being a Christian entails suffering and sacrifice because you are not supposed to conform to the world. In Matthew 7:21-23 Jesus talks about true and false disciples. He is not talking to atheists, agnostics, or folks with different religions. He is talking to so called Christians. "Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. Many will say to me on that day, 'Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and in your name drive out demons and in your name perform many miracles?' Then I will tell them plainly, 'I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!' (Matthew 7:21-23 NIV)
5	Sweet church. I wouldn't ever feel afraid to bring my friends and family here. They keep it real. Sweet music too. They even do cover songs!
5	Best concert...I mean, church ever!  Earl wanted to attend the service at this church for quite some time and we decided to go with Sylvia and Nelson extended the invitation.  We attended the Christmas service, which took place the Sunday before Christmas.  We parked pretty far from the church, but right when we got out of the car, a kind gentleman on his golf cart offered us a ride to church.  Basically, church goers get carted to church from their car and vice versa, given that one parked far.So when we arrived, we waited at the coffee shop for Nelson to come get us.  The coffee shop is pretty chillax.  I could easily study or hang out with a group of friends there.  As we are walking toward the area to wait for the next service, there are classrooms and infant rooms etc.  The service started out with Taiko drummers, talented singers and dancers, and even a rapper performing to Christmas Medleys.  Then out came the poet.  His words were so moving and the message was clear and powerful.  Pastor Jud was amazing as well.  His message was clear and applicable to everyone.  The story at the end was very emotional and captured everyone's heart.I have not been to a church that I enjoyed before...but Central Christian Church changed my perception of church.  CCC messages are tailored to all individuals.  Thanks to The Qs for taking us to this amazing church.
5	Who'da thought you could Yelp review church... Well, this is mine, and it's so awesome! I grew up in a family where my mom wasn't religious and my dad sacrificed his relationship with me for his religious fanaticism. Needless to say, I was reluctant to get back on the organized religion bandwagon.My friend turned me on to Central a while ago, and I began by watching online. Their philosophy of "it's okay to not be okay" is one of the best and most welcoming things about this church, and Pastor Jud is incredible.Once I got comfortable with the idea, my girlfriend and I began going in person, and it's always a moving and relevant service. The first 15 minutes of every Sunday session is a concert with talented musicians and a full light show.  They've also had great guest speakers and it's such a positive, nonjudgmental environment. I encourage everyone to check it out!
4	I've been coming to Central Christian in Henderson since my world was turned upside down in 2008.  I'm not much of a church person but I've always felt spiritual and wanted to explore faith and soul issues.  It's funny I thought it was maybe an IKEA on the side of the freeway before - its huge!  Central rocks!  It's about stories. Life stories. Stories of messed up people in the bible. Pastor Jud always gets me to cry - those universal truths that you find yourself nodding in agreement.  Encouraging you to use whatever crappy job you have to serve God - in this city where you feel like such a peon working in the casinos doing the same movements over and over that really matters and resonates.  Where it's ok to come to church if you still have vices but want to work on them.  Central helped me repair a rift with my brother.  I feel like this is a church for people living in the REALITY of Las Vegas - not the perfect little goody two shoes judgmental church but real grace.  Between Sunday, Wednesday and online - I've never missed a sermon in years.I also wanted to mention how accessible and classy the staff was with me. The Women's Pastor met with me in an office visit over a slight butt hurt thing that came up for me and Pastor Jud emailed me back personally when I had a question about gays and religion.  This really mattered to me.  I didn't feel like it's all flash I feel this is real love and grace.Splash Fest 2014 - baptisms, food trucks and water park bounce houses for kids. Lol 'cause that's how WE roll!Sob..no more Weekends on Wednesday!  It's hard getting up a few hours later when you work in casinos very late Sat night but I will have to try.
5	This church is a forever family. The music is incredible, all the staff, leaders and volunteers are so welcoming. I attend Saturday night service as well as Sunday and my kids always have a fun time. Pastor Jud is wonderful and the Women's small group connection is awesome. Come as you are! Worship together and feel alive!
5	I can't believe people complain about an positive, and uplifting service. Yes Central has a time in the service for  offering just like any other church. They also say if you're a guest don't give anything. Central has the biggest food pantry in nv. Giving away 400,000 pounds of food a year. They pay bills. Strive, kids go out and paint curbs. Food the homeless every Saturday. Those things aren't free. And I love my church. They don't judge. You can walk in the door Tell them horrible things you've done they're going to give you a hug. And pray for you. Some people will never be happy I'll pray for you.
5	Best church of all time. I love the atmosphere & the environment. Everyone is super welcome & the head pastor rock. I can relate to pretty much 3/4 of things that he is discussing every Sunday. I wish my rest of the days of the week can start the way my Sunday starts.
2	They cater to the new Christian.    Their message is very basic and sometimes their music choices make me scratch my head.   Examples:  Rihanna, Macklemore (the guy who raps supporting gay marriage), and more have been played during the service with no explanation of why it relates to church.Additionally, sometimes a service will complete without a single Bible verse.  On average, Judd may say 3-4 Bible verses, but most of them are Prosperity Gospel messages and "rah rah."    This is more of a 'Joel Osteen-style' church than a 'Mark Driscoll-style' church. They overlook what the Bible says is wrong because they're scared to death they might offend someone and lose attendees.The frequently start service with videos or Twitter Tweets.  They then lose a great chance to tie that into God's word, but rarely do.  Sometimes service will go on for 40 minutes before Jesus is mentioned.  Don't get me wrong: a great presentation (lights, music, video, flyers) is important but teaching people to become warriors for God is far more important.  They seem more focused on growing the church than actually teaching the word of God.If you are a long-time Christian or seeking to learn more about the Bible at an intermediate or advanced level, I would steer clear.
5	I love coming to Central every time I am in town! I love the worship, the message and pastor is always amazing, and their coffee cafe shop is pretty good!
5	I love Central. I started going about a year ago and have went every week since. Never missed a service. I recently got baptized in May and that was the best choice of my life. Everyone is so friendly and nice. The coffee shop is a great wake up if you go to the early service and it's awesome that that have 2 services on Saturday I case you can't make it on Sunday. Or online if you can't physically make it at all. I'm extremely proud to call this church my home church.
5	Come as you are is all there is to know! You'll never meet a better group of people than the central family
5	What can I say??  I Love This House!I've been born and raised in the gospel, so church has always been a part of my life, but I have to admit, what I love about Central is the fact that they invest so much in the Youth, the Kids and the community. Great music, great worship & production, good word (not deep, but encouraging), and well invested in it's community as well as local artists. The people are friendly, great coffee shop and bookstore, and great activities for the entire family. The kids/youth ministries are awesome. Over all a good church especially for new believers.
5	Love this Church, message and atmosphere is always positive and uplifting. There's a daycare so kids can socialize while you attend service, and there's even a coffee shop inside. This is a MEGA Church so try to get there early so you can get a decent parking space.
5	Great services and lots of small groups.  Something for everyone.  A place where it's ok not to be ok!  Come experience gods word!
5	Very hard to believe that there is only 40something reviews for this church. Amazing experience and heart lifting services. Highly highly highly recommend to EVERYONE!
