2	this course was pretty uninteresting, but not bad.  though expensive overall, it's not too bad for vegas, so if you're blowing your golf budget elsewhere and would like to get an extra round in, this might not be a bad choice.  however, with paiute being around the same price, i'd recommend hiking out there instead.
3	An alright course, but a waste of time if you want to really enjoy what LV has to offer.  Decent clubhouse, course is in decent shape - but very flat and very uninteresting.  Cost is fair, but again I'd rather pay $20 more for something much, much better.  A great back and forth muni, but I really can't give it any more than that.
5	Just played for the first time in 5 years.  Under new ownership I was told and the course is great.  Excellent shape and very affordable.  This is truly the best value in Vegas and an awesome. Great clubhouse and food.  I recommend for anyone playing golf in Vegas not looking to spend $100-$150 per round.
1	Stay away from this goat ranch!  For some odd reason, the staff thinks that their course is in "great condition"......it's not!  It looks more like a very average muni!  We were in Vegas from out of town and arrived 30 minutes prior to our tee time at 11:00.  The pro shop told us that they were running a few minutes behind......which was actually 30!  The pace of play is very slow and the price was ridiculous.
1	No, no, no, no no!!!No water except on jug on each nine. Saw cart girl once in four hours. Greens are terrible. Bumpy, no grass, poorly maintained. I'd never play this course again
3	This review is for the clubhouse.  We attended a craft faire here and went through a guarded gate.  The golf course looked really nice with some water areas which would be good for some interesting golfing.  The clubhouse was beautiful and the rooms the craft fair was located in was very nice.  We didn't eat at the restaurant this time but will in the future.What I didn't like was when walking into the women's restrooms it stunk so bad.  The garbage was overflowing and none of the sinks had soap.  I would think when they have an event going on they would have someone keep up with housekeeping.  Stench and no soap really turned me off.My husband wants to come back and try the golfing since it is opened to the public and we will write a review on that when this happens.
5	I don't golf.  But I live here.
4	can't park in the lot after hours, private property. FYIIt gets busy in the day . haven't gotten the chance to step inside and see what its all about yet.
2	I played this course today and have played in the past as well. Today the course was in excellent condition, the grass on the tee boxes was a little long and some is the sand traps were not taken care of ( hard and wet ), but the fairways were in great condition as well as the greens. Now I know everyone says 4 to 4 1/2 hours is an acceptable time to play a round of golf but I don't agree with that, anyone can easily shave off an hour at least if they just played the game and acted like they were pros. It took our group 4 1/2 hours to play 18 holes today and on a few tee boxes there were two to three groups backed up all because one group ahead of us had no time management or common courtesy to move along at a quicker pace, they would wait until the group ahead of them cleared the green before teeing off and from the way I saw them hitting the ball, there was no need for them to wait, there was also no marshal on the course to help move along play, I know my group can and has played a round in about three and a half hours and we are not rushing at all. It's just a sad state that someone, somewhere said it should take that long to play a round and so people make it take that long and I have noticed that the more people that watch golf on tv they try to mimic their favorite folders by doing what they do, it's just sad to see that it's taking longer and longer to get in a round of golf and the courses don't and will not do anything to speed up play. I have a few favorites in Vegas I play weekly and I will stick with them because the play is quicker, players know they are not pros and never will be and just want to get out and play, and the courses are in great shape all year round, but I'm going to keep those my secret as to not get the hackers that think they are pros out there and mess up that good thing, and they treat you better than these other " golf clubs" ever will. As for stallion mountain, I will not go back anytime soon, until they get people there that will make it a more enjoyable round and for the love of all that's right SPEED UP THE PLAY PEOPLE.
2	This course is behind Sam's Town Casino, in a golf course community.  There is a security guard to let you in.  A female met me at the bag drop area, and took my bag.  I made my way into the pro shop, and they sent me out to the driving range to loosen up.  I was paired with an 83yrs old man, who refused to join any group with a female. After he hit each shot, he ask me where his shot went. This senior was a regular, the starter knew him, and I felt like I was basically put with him to be his seeing eye dog.The course was in very good shape.  Traveling around the course was a bit of a pain because you are constantly crossing roads in the development.The greens were in very good shape. Most of the holes were well laid out.  The sand traps around the course were in terrible shape, most of which were packed down and like hitting off pavement.  The course was pretty jammed packed throughout the whole round. Most of the holes were pretty wide open off the tee. There were only a couple that you had to worry about water hazards. The beverage girl came around twice. The second time, she was out of Power aide, which I thought was pretty silly, but ok.Overall, not a bad course, but I probably wouldn't play there again, since there are so many other great courses in the Las Vegas area.
4	just played there, 10/3, was over seeded, so greens were a bit slow and scraggly, but also played there in July, so mostly the course is great, design, staff, fairways, except right after they over seed
2	Wherewere the tee markers?  Guess they removed them for oversee ending. We got lost several times and played the wrong hole.  No directional signs leaving green to tell you where the next hole was.  Frustrating!   Also the kid at the cart return was snotty. Poor customer relations.
4	Golf anyone? Ya, gotta love golf. This is a well maintained golf coarse, not too difficult, if you have a clue as to what you are doing. Beverage chick is pretty cool as well. Carts are in good repair and the clubhouse is big and clean, pretty good food too..
4	Love the course conditions here which get the high rating.  The staff is friendly and the clubhouse bar inviting.  Layout can be a bit confusing the first time but great variety of holes make for a great experience.  Greens are usually fast and true.  Only complaint is there starter set up never works, they always seem to forget my group.
4	Very nice course. Very well maintained. Beautiful scenery. Staff was friendly. Very reasonably priced. Had an amazing time.
4	Held a tournament there on Saturday.  The greens were rolling true and are probably the softest greens I have seen in town (my group plays at a different course every month in the area).  You could shoot right at the pins!  The rest of the course was in great shape as well.  Stallion has an excellent practice area where you can hit balls off the grass and work on your chipping, bunker shots and putting.  The food is great and the service is friendly and fast.  Outside Services as well took really good care of the group, they really know what they are doing getting the bags in and out.  Had a great time and am rebooking for next year right away!
2	Two stars is pretty generous, as the greens were in the worst shape of any golf course I have ever played.  Not one was in good shape; they were sanded, but much worse, had multiple dead spots on every single hole.  The breakfast burrito in the restaurant was also disappointing, with the fattiest flimsiest bacon I have ever eaten (and no potatoes, but that happened at another place and maybe that is the crazy way they do things in Vegas).  The people were nice enough, and the course was in ok shape other than the greens, so those are the only reasons I am not giving it one star.  Also, its a $30 cab ride from the strip.
4	Although they just punched the greens and sanded them....the layout is nice....I will be back to play it again in a few weeks...I will have an course conditions update!....some people throw out hate, but I always give it a second chance!..talk to ya later!
4	Definitely need more help in the bar.  Poor CJ is running his butt off.  But good food.
