4	This is the brick an mortar of Sin City Wings and Ben's BBQ. The owners are the sweetest people you will ever meet. They obviously really care about the food they are serving and making sure you leave happy. I will say you should be prepared to wait a bit for your food. I went on opening day so I'm sure it won't be as bad once the kinks get worked out, but I waited over 45 for my food despite there only being 5 other tables seated. Luckily they were playing the Food Network on the TV so I kept myself entertained. Besides the wait, everything was great! It is a very casual environment located inside a gaming bar (Spectator's) The menu has a great variety of options from salads to BBQ and even pizza. It's so close to my house I'm sure I'll be back MANY MANY times! I can't wait for it to get even better!
4	I enjoyed lunch here last week with two coworkers. We were pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is in one half of the Spectators bar at Flamingo and Durango, which means it's close to work! We were seated immediately and greeted by chef Bobby. The menu is still under construction, he advised, but still had plenty to offer. We ordered the fried pickle appetizer and ice teas. Not only do they have unsweetened tea but they also serve sweet tea!!! Yeah, I'm a southerner and I miss my sweet tea. The fried pickles were wonderful! The crispy breading combined with the salty pickles made for a tasty appetizer. So tasty in fact that the 3 of us finished them in record time. I ordered the shrimp and grits appetizer and the wedge salad. My friends' ordered the beef brisket sandwich and the chicken fingers. All of it was delicious! The shrimp were the perfect texture (not overcooked) and seasoned with a Cajun spice mixture. The grits were cheese polenta and they complemented the flavorful shrimp exquisitely. The wedge salad was made up of lettuce, blue cheese crumbles and bacon served in a little glass jar. For $2 it was a deal! I sampled the chicken fingers which were nice and crunchy with some sort of panko breading batter. The brisket I didn't sample but was told it was moist with a nice smoky flavor. The service was fast and efficient. I love that the waitress took our order on an ipad!
4	I took my dad out to lunch and had no place in mind. I stopped at Bobby Q Grille as recommended by a friend and I was pleasantly surprised by the customer service and food. I was greeted by a female waitress with a sincere welcoming and shortly after Bobby the owner came over and gave us a quick run down of our options. He explained how everything is made from scratch and and the chicken is never frozen. He also shared that his chicken and waffles was his grandmothers recipe which I thought was sweet. The food network was on the TV which tells me they take their food seriously. There was also a chef that came out from the kitchen looking very professional wearing a chef coat with his name Mike on it. I wish this establishment the best because I know the care. Its all the little details that make this place different from your average restaurant. Working in customer service and food service things like that are important and definitely helpful. I wish I lived closer to the restaurant but that will not keep me away.
4	Delicious southern bbq taking up one half of the Spectators bar.  Bobby himself greeted us and was a charismatic southerner.  Taking orders with an iPad with an attached credit card slider.  TV was showing Food Network's Triple D's and that kept me hungry for the upcoming hearty meal.  - Red Beans and Rice - zesty tasty red beans served with a scoop of jasmine rice and a hot link.  First time I've had red beans and it was a pleasant seasoned hearty plate.  Hot link was great also.- BBQ Combo plate - Pick two meats out of pulled pork, hot links and brisket plus 2 sides.  Among my party, we had two orders and ended up with some of each. Pork was fine, hot links were great, brisket was ridiculously tender and with the right amount of fat.  Out of the sides we got, the mac and cheese was the most memorable.- Shrimp & Grits - creamy buttery grits.  didn't try the shrimp - Dessert - strawberry shortcake in a jar with whipped cream.  This pushes it over the top - this dessert was amazing.  Lots of texture on the cake, the cream was the perfect smoothness.  Sublime.
5	I had to stop by the Bobby Q grill since I'm as southern as it gets around here out in Las Vegas cause I'm the sucker who still holds the door open for people while they pass through, I always get up to offer my seat to older men and women, and I always say please and thankyou. I heard of the Bobby Q grill because I myself follow the local food truck scene around town and new Bobby had a couple trucks before starting this venture so I knew the food was going to be right up my alley. I stopped by and was pleasently surprosed by how nice it looked inside the restaurant. It didn't have that run down old bar feel at all. It was really cozy and nice. One of the best waitresses I have ever had in Vegas also. Stef was great at service.  I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing. The sauce has just enough kick and just enough sweet just the way I like my sauce and my women. Then Bobby himself came out and said we have to try the dessert in a jar and we did it was amazing and so cool in the jar. Good food good company what can be wrong. Nothing. The Vegas Villains
5	This place is awesome!!! Best waffle I've had in my life!! Bobby puts his heart and soul into all his fresh homemade food! Amazing burger! Wished we had a Bobby Qs in LA!
4	Didn't realize we were coming into the "soft open" at Bobby Q so we missed out on some of the menu items.  Buzz has been good early and since all of the items are made fresh from scratch sometimes things run out.  However, we were still able to get a good sense of the place and definitely think we will be back.We started off with the fried pickles.  They were in the chips and not the spears which isn't always my favorite but you can tell they were from a big bag of frozen items.I went with two lbs of wings with their traditional Bobby Q sauce and another called Vampire's Kryptonite.  The traditional was very tasty, I wouldn't mind having a bottle of it at home.  The VK was a garlic and oil sauce which was not bad by any means but not for me.The wife went with the chicken and waffles.  They were out of fried chicken but substituted the chicken tenders.  I will say these were some of the best chicken tenders I've had.  It's abundantly clear that the chicken is high quality and they are made fresh.  The waffles were also great and the cayenne syrup was a great topping.The menu was set to change the next day actually so we will have to go back and try some of the old items that weren't available as well as some of the new.  I'm sure once they ramp up and work out all the kinks this will be a very successful place.  It's good fresh food and the prices are right.  Bobby came out and introduced himself and gave us the run down and he seemed like a great guy.
3	I really wanted some chicken anything and so i hopped on yelp and found this place...I called in an order to pick up when i got there i couldnt see anyone working so i asked the bartender how i get my food and he said they should be in there...so after i stood at the front door for 10 mins pondering wheather or not i was going to leave a girl comes out of the back hands me my food and tells me my total i hand her my card she swipes it asks me to sign and walks away no hi no sorry for the wait no nothing. So i take my food home (i ordered two different kinds of chicken strips, bacon mac an cheese, and the best fried pickles) pick out a chicken strip and watch all the breading fall off ....so i grabbed a fork and went at my annoying chicken again alot more successfully the Fienberg sauce was pretty good but i would stay away from the hot buffalo. I couldnt put my finger on it (literally) it was a cayenne brown sugar weird tasting paste not very good. My bacon mac and cheese was ok i guess except the side was very small.  And last their best fried pickles are really not as best as they think they are and just a suggestion when making a to go order with fried food that is suppose to be crispy you might not want to plate them on soggy lettuce. so all and all next time i crave chicken whats gonna stop me from hopping on yelp to find somewhere?? Nothing i will go on yelp and i will not be running back in this door. my three stars are really not for a ok more for just ok
5	Went here last week for lunch with a couple friends/coworkers and was greeted at the door by Bobby himself. Incredibly nice guy!I saw this on yelp but hadn't realized I'd eaten some of his food at BOHB (Back of House Brawl).  Food off the truck was great the food in the restaurant was even better. We had the brisket sandwich, pulled pork, ribs, fried pickles (awesome - followed by a long conversation about oil and presentation). All the meats had the perfect amount of smokiness  and seasoning to them. Making each bite tender, juicy, and (as cliche as it is) "fall of the bone" good.  They give you some bbq sauce which I indulged in, but you really don't need it, the meat stands on it's own. However, they DO give you this awesome coleslaw that makes your sandwich a BAZILLION times better (Carl Sagan can't even measure that)!Oh yeah, I also did the wedge salad, presentation was really cool on this one too. Don't expect to eat it cleanly out of the mason jar, just dump it on the plate and dig in. It tastes just as good. Simple clean and made with HUGE chunks of bacon, blue cheese, tomato, and lettuce. Finally, other people on staff were really fun and nice. This location is unassuming so you kind of have to know what/where you are going. I can't emphasize enough how nice Bobby, his wife, and everyone on staff were. This will definitely be a regular stop. I wish them well, they are very passionate about what they are doing and it shows.
4	Whenever my boyfriend and I go to Vegas, which is a lot, we love to find great places to eat that are off the strip.  Bobby Q was a bit hard to locate from the street.  It's in the same building as Spectator's Bar, and it's sign is just underneath Spectator's lighted sign.Tonight, I wanted to eat at Bobby Q's for dinner mostly because the picture of the shrimp and grits looked so good.  It definitely lived up to my expectations.  The shrimp had a nice spicy seasoning that went well with the cheesy grits.  In order to eat most of the grits, you have to use a spoon or the garlic bread it comes with.I ordered the fish and tators.  The catfish was moist and had a nice crunchy coating.  The homemade remoulade was delicious and not too overpowering as some tartar sauces can be.  The tators were awesome and much taller than the pictures would lead you to believe.  They were filled with silky potatoes, bacon, and cheese and topped with more cheese.My boyfriend ordered the ribs with Bobby Q sauce a pound of wings with buffalo sauce.  The ribs were moist and meaty, and the wings were also tasty.We washed our food down with sweet tea, and we ended the meal with the strawberry jello cake.  We thoroughly enjoyed both.The owner was quite friendly, talkative, and attentive.  I assume that's what's known as southern hospitality.We will definitely be back on our next Vegas trip, which is at the end of September, and next time, we'll bring friends.FYI - the menu is slightly different than the one online.  The real menu doesn't have the daily specials as listed online, but red beans and rice and ribs are regular menu items.
5	Vegas could use a bit more southern hospitality. Actually A LOT MORE! I was slightly turned off by this restaurant sharing space with a smokey bar when I first entered. Especially since I was eating with an infant. As all parents can attest, happy infant = happy meal. I quickly forgot about the environment w/ the Olympics on TV and a happy Bobby Q greeted us to our table. Thumbs up for the ambiance! If you want to experience passionate food,  you are in the right place. This is real comfort food made from scratch. I wouldn't classify this as modern, but more as clean! Clean plating and crisp flavorful sauces! Bobby Q sauce and Honey Cayenne Butter can be poured on anything and it would make the dish amazing!Cornbread from an iron skillet, chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits. Priced just right for the quality of food and proportions,  I'm really excited to come back and try everything else. I hope Bobby Q and the crew does well so they can move to a legit location! Ride that magic bus like Slidin' Thru!
4	This is somewhat hidden as there is no lit signage for this place but it's on the corner of Durango and Flamingo next to the gas station. The Shrimp and Grits were awesome. I am not much of a grits fan, but this is a dish I would order again.I had the ribs which were nice and tender. The Bobby-Q sauce is a nice sweet BBQ sauce which worked well on the ribs. Definitely will be making a return engagement to this local gem.
1	6pm Tuesday night.   No ribs no pork.  Might as well just close for the night. Hostess was very nice and apologetic.  TC's here I come.
5	Misti and My T's reviews ensured my next dinner out was going to be here.  It was Monday night and we were the only ones in the dining area at 8pm but that didn't stop Mrs. Q from greeting us warmly.  Bobby had a seat with us and gave us the breakdown of his place and a little history behind their whole operation.  I hadn't done their food truck since I pretty much don't do trucks and was glad to finally try the famous "Sin City Wings" and some mighty tasty dishes you can't find executed this well anywhere else in town.  The two of them run the whole kitchen on Monday nights, no other staff.  I thought this was great because they would make the food the best since they were the architects of the menu.  Before our orders came out, Bobby gave us a sample of their brisket and "OH MAN" that was almost the highlight of the meal.  Hummanah hummanah I am getting this next time for sure!  We got the fried pickles which were great and also a big enough serving for 4 so those were our "greens" for dinner :P  Also got a pound of wings with the Bobby Q. and hot buffalo sauce on the side but next time we'll just get the wings tossed in a sauce.  The Bobby Q. sauce was pretty unique.  It was a lot more tomatoey than most and would've gone great with a lot of different things including burgers and even fries.  I didn't ask if I could buy a bottle but I will on a future visit.  Shrimp and grits were amazing.  The shrimp was perfectly grilled and I am not a southern boy so I am usually not feeling the grits but I dug out every little bit of grit out of the jar it was served in.  Then the dessert or should I say "jarssert"!  Their strawberry jellocake with whipped cream in a mason jar was fanfuckingtastic.  So rich, sweet and the whipped cream was definitely homemade and perfect.  When Mrs. Q asked how it was, I asked her how many sticks of butter were in this.  She said no butter!  HOW??  I must find out the secret.  Wow!  We were floored.  It's a great menu.  I can't wait to try more!
4	Last cheat meal before a photoshoot? I voted for barbeque, so we looked on Yelp and thought we'd give Bobby Q Grille a try. Off the bat, minus 1 star for no ribs available on a Sunday afternoon... *sad face* But Bobby Q redeemed itself in other ways, as follows...Our server Stef was very nice. The restaurant was not particularly crowded but there were a handful of other patrons there. Stef was the only server and she did a great job of being attentive.We ordered:-Cornbread-Shrimp and grits-Bbq platter (no ribs available though)-Chicken tenders (with Oscar Goodman sauce)-Sides: coleslaw, vegetable of the day, mac & cheeseThe best part of the entire meal was the OSCAR GOODMAN SAUCE on the chicken tenders. I asked Stef for a spicy sauce recommendation. Her reply, "well, the Oscar Goodman is made with habeneros, but are you sure you want that because it's so spicy I can only get through one chicken tender. Some grown men even cry." Um...that was music to my ears, lady. I WANT THE OSCAR GOODMAN SAUCE!Indeed, it was SPICY. I think I could have handled it maybe even a notch spicier (blame my Korean palate) but maybe that could be accomodated with a gradient scale when ordering that sauce. Regardless, it was flavorful, spicy, and even though I was quite disappointed when we first arrived to learn that there were no ribs available for order (it IS a bbq place, right?) that sauce really made my meal.I will definitely be back again soon, and the next time I'm there I hope that 1.) I can finally try some ribs and 2.) that I can buy a bottle of that sauce.
4	This place has a ton of potential. I was a little concerned that it was located in a bar, but I didn't have to be. They have their own entrance and dining area, as well as the bar, and it is not smokey at all. It was completely empty when we arrived, but the waitress informed us that they hadn't had their grand opening yet and were still ironing everything out. She did mention that they have quite a substantial lunch crowd. The tables are set up with your silverware in a mason jar, that soon becomes your cup. The menu is simple, but with heavy Southern notes. We decided to start with the fried pickles, a weakness of mine. I generally prefer the spears, as the slices can be a bit salty and oily since they have so much breading. This was not the case here, the pickles had great flavor and the breading was perfect, not too light and not too heavy. The ranch on the side was homemade and delicious. I had my heart set on the pulled pork tacos, but the waitress explained that they make everything from scratch and they had run out of pulled pork. I settled on the beef brisket sandwich with their lime coleslaw. The coleslaw had an unexpected kick and not much lime flavor, but it was good with the meat. The meat was cooked perfectly and there was a nice little side cup of vinegary BBQ sauce. Everything really worked together and I was quite pleased. My husband had the fish and chips, they were out of mashed potatoes so we were unable to try their signature potato swirls. The fish was a tiny bit overcooked, but still crispy and tasty. The chips were large and hearty, quite delicious. We had to finish our meal out with the key lime pie in a jar! It was absolutely adorable and a perfect balance of sweet and sour. It was a bit on the heavy side so there was no way we were going to finish it. We were able to purchase the lid for $1 and just take the entire mason jar home! I thought this was a great idea! I love having an extra jar around and the waitress let us know that they will be engraved in the future. This place has great potential and I imagine that they will iron out the kinks and be on their way! The food is really great and the service was fantastic. The waitress used an Ipad to take our order and we even paid with it, innovative. They have all the makings of an up and coming restaurant and I am excited to see them grow. I will definitely be back for those tacos!
4	Finally Authentic BBQ in Vegas!  Have had dinner here twice in past month and it is our new favorite.  Good menu...Have tried pulled pork, chicken tenders w/4 sauces.  Recommend getting there early for dinner as the last few times they were out of Brisket by 8:00pm!  Met the owners and they are true southerners who own two food trucks in Las Vegas.  All family recipes on the menu and great selection...cole slaw, red beans & rice, fried cat fitsh, etc.!  Employees are very friendly and they are adjacent to a Putter's owned bar.
4	Stopped in today on the recommendation of my daughter and I'm sure glad we did.  Would have liked clearer signage, even though we knew the address we accidentally drove by the restaurant and had to turn back to get there.  Once inside we were pleased with the cleanliness and casual decor.  The tables and chairs are comfortable, and Food Network was playing on the flat-screen.  I ordered the deep fried pickles right away to share with my wife and daughter, and my daughter ordered the corn bread with the understanding that the corn bread would take aprox. 20 minutes because it's made to order.  I ordered the butter burger, and the ladies both had a beef brisket sandwich with the coleslaw.  I like how the waitress asked it they wanted the beef trimmed, wish more places did that!  I also was able to tailor order my burger the way I prefer it, as I'm very picky with what I want on my food, and there was no hesitation or "it comes on the side, so just don't put it on" attitude, very nice and very appreciated.The food was great.  The brisket had an excellent smoke flavor and was not dry.  It was well trimmed, and tender.  The burger was made how I ordered it, medium, and not done, which is usually the way a burger comes no matter how I order it.  Great buttery flavor, and juicy and tender!  The corn bread was cooked in a cast iron pan, and was done perfectly with just a little brown on the bottom.  The corn bread was a little dry for me, and I thought the flavor was slightly bland.  We also got a key lime pie in a jar, and a bread pudding in a jar.  I had no problem finishing the key lime by myself while my wife had the bread pudding.  It was just the right size for me for a desert, but would probably be shareable for most.  I though it was very good, but I personally would have made it a bit tarter for myself.  All in all, it was a very good meal, and while it wasn't out-of-this-world, the price was very reasonable at just under $60!  Not bad for 3 people which included appetizers, entrees, sodas, and deserts.  Lastly, we had the owners sit and chat with us while we ate, which is not something we normally do, and had a nice conversation.  They did not intrude, as we asked them to come over, and it was just a nice friendly informal conversation.  It's nice to see people with a passion for food be able to enjoy serving their customers.  Vegas could sure use more restaurants like this one!
3	I had read the reviews and was excited to come here for a good meal. We greeted warmly. The young lady came over right away. She was lovely. She is Mrs. Q. She took our drink orders and explained a little bit to us. The server came over to take our orders. We had to try to the fried pickles. They were fantastic. The sauce also very good. Mrs. Q also brought us the comeback sauce which was awesome. We were disappointed though that they no longer serve Fried Chicken. That is why we went. It was on the menu on the website. I did ask why it was no longer served and the server explained they are a scratch restaurant and that the Fried Chicken takes about 25 minutes to prepare. Honestly is that not what Southern food and Hospitality is about?? Enjoying good food and conversation. We would have waited. To us good food is worth the wait. And seriously why is everyone always in a hurry? And Vegas is in need of good Fried Chicken. In my opinion it was a mistake to take it off the menu. JMO. We had a burger and wings. Were they good, yes. Were they the best we have had honestly no. If they bring back the chicken we will return. We do thank you for the Fried Pickles and the hospitality.
5	Southern Hospitality at it's finest.  I went in for lunch today and Bobby himself was there to introduce us to the place.  We started off with some very southern sweet tea.  Bobby explained the menu and had this passion that was so obvious it made you want everything(as if I didn't already), so we ordered too much :)We started with the fried pickles and deviled eggs.  The fried pickles were perfect in every way shape and form.  Crispy, perfectly seasoned, accompanied with homemade ranch.  The deviled eggs were flavorful and perfectly cooked.Now for the entrees.  We had a brisket sandwich, a side of fries, smothered greens and a side of wings with spicy buffalo sauce.  The brisket was tender and smoky and I liked the bun it was on, the bbq sauce was great, but the coleslaw might have been the weak point being under seasoned and there was no salt on any of the tables.  The fries were typical BBQ joint fries, not as crispy as bistro fries but flavorful and served with a great sauce.  The collard greens with pork were perfect.  Not overcooked, a little crunchy still with tons of flavor.  The wings were great, crunchy without breading which is always a feat, large and tender.  The sauce we got was a spicy buffalo sauce, I would say it isn't really spicy but very tasty.It was a great meal, we are a bit full at the moment but we will definitely go back.  I want to try the chicken and waffles!  I have to say that the enthusiasm for ones business is so nice to watch.  He really cares about what he does there and you can taste the passion.
5	Definitely some of the best barbeque I have had, definitely best in Vegas.  I have lived in Texas for some time, and this restaurant will do well.The owners (husband and wife) are really good people.  You can tell they take passion in their food.  Simply eat their brisket, and you can tell it is significantly better than other BBQ joints.  I actually never really liked brisket because most places make it so dry, but try it here, it is made quite differently.  First time in my life I had juicy brisket, and I didn't need to drown it in sauce to be able to eat it.  Definitely my favorite on the menu.From the fall of the bone spare ribs, to their bacon mac n cheese, even their fries, everything is made with heart.  I love that.  They have a bunch of sauces to pick from (my favorite is original Bobby Q sauce) their ranch is homemade as well and really good (and I'm not even a fan of ranch!)  They have sweet tea as well, and it is served in jars, nice touch, reminds me of Texas.Server is also very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is hard to find, the signage is hard to see, but it is with the bar called Spectators next to gas station.Cheers!
4	I was served by a waitress named Cindy and she was fantastic. We had a problem with our order, but she went above and beyond to make everything right and comfortable for us. She was very professional, and great. Will definitely be back, no biz is perfect and the true gauge of a good business is how they handle the not so easy moments.
4	No trip to Bobby Q Grille is complete without trying their ribs. It's the best thing I've tried so far and possibly some of the best ribs in the city. That might not be saying much since Vegas isn't know for it's BBQ, but it's still delicious with it's slightly charred exterior and fall-off-the-bone tender meat. The pulled pork and hot link are excellent, as well. The beef brisket was under seasoned and my least favorite of the BBQ meats.The sides were good, but aren't exactly on the same level as the BBQ. The bacon mac 'n cheese was light on bacon but still gooey and delicious. If you're a fan of chunky mashed potatoes, you'll like their garlic mashed potatoes. Fries were nice and crispy and freshly cut in-house. None of that frozen stuff here. Veggies were a bland mix of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, cucumbers, and pea pods. But, adding the creole seasoning they provided on the side made a world of difference.Chicken tenders are real strips of chicken that are lightly breaded and deliciously crispy. Again, nothing that has been frozen or that was pre-packaged. They even make their own ranch dressing.The only dessert I've tried was the strawberry jello cake. It's basically cake soaked in jello, topped with whipped cream and served in a mason jar. It's damn good, big enough to share, and guaranteed to satisfy your sweet tooth.The place is located in a gaming tavern but kid's are allowed in the dining area. Just not in the bar area.This restaurant has some great potential. The biggest drawback is that they can run out of certain items (like the ribs or brisket) well before dinner time. Of course, that's because they're new and they don't have a consistent, steady stream of customers from day to day. If the ribs and pulled pork are on the menu when you visit, then you'll probably have a great time.
3	Saturday night, party of 6...Bobby Q Grille left us waiting...I will point out that a larger party came in around the same time we did and the kitchen got backed up.  The waitress did apologize for the wait and gave a complimentary dessert for all of us to share.We started off with two orders of the Best Fried Pickles Ever ($6).  It supposed to come with their scratch ranch sauce, but they had just run out and was making a new batch.  So ours were served with another sauce. Then the famous Chicken Wings (3 lbs for $22) arrived and we had our choice of three wing sauces.  It's six wings in a pound here and it didn't really look like three pounds to us.  Anyway, the best sauce of the three we tried was the Lemon Pepper.  That was dang good.  Vampire's Kryptonite was supposed to be a garlic sauce and there wasn't enough garlic flavoring at all.  We expected with a name like Vampire's Kryptonite that garlic would be oozing out of our pores by the end.  It's quite tame actually.  The Chef's Sauce of the Day was Honey Buffalo and it was just okay.Next to arrive was the Rib of the Day (6 for $13).  It was a bit messy and a bit hard to cut and pull apart.  We weren't as wowed about it as we hoped unfortunately.The rest of our dinner came out in spurts...* Mama's Cornbread ($5) - This takes about 15 minutes to make and the waitress does let  us know upfront.  It comes in hot cast iron skillet with their homemade cajun honey butter along with sides of Country Crock spread.  It's more moist than other cornbreads and reminds me of a pancake. I liked it and even my dad who doesn't normally like crumbly cornbread thought this was okay in his book.* New Orleans' Red Rice and Beans ($10) - It came with some spicy cajun sausage that I liked!  I didn't try the fresh red beans though.* Shrimp & Grits ($8) - The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the cheesy polenta arrived in a mason jar.  The garlic bread that accompanied it was nothing special.  I especially enjoyed my grits with the cajun sausage that arrived with the red beans & rice dish.  (If I could, I would order the grits topped with cajun sausage.)* Fish and Taters ($12) - This came with a Loaded Potato Swirl, which is a potato that's been restuffed with garlic mashed potatoes.  My sister brought this home as a leftover and was sad she forgot to eat it.  The fish was tasty along with their homemade tartar sauce.* Slow Smoked Beef Brisket Sandwich ($9) - This was the last to arrive and we couldn't understand why.  We thought the brisket should have been done already and just needed to be sliced, so we don't know if the order just got lost somewhere.  The slices were a bit too thick for my dad's liking and he found the sandwich a bit dry as well.  He had the option of the coleslaw on the side or in the sandwich, and chose it on the side.  He only ate a quarter of it.* Key-Lime Pie ($5) - The favorite for the group was the dessert.  And although you had a bunch of adults sharing this one dessert, it was loved.  All of their desserts are served in mason jars, so it's a bit of a challenge when you're the first to scoop.  But once you get going, you can really dig in there.Bobby Q Grille shares a space with Spectators Bar.  It's a bit confusing to find, but it's behind the Chevron gas station.  Initially it says "No One Under 21 Allowed" but I believe this is only reference to the bar area that is connected.  Their air condition was running a bit strong that evening that it made my dad's back hurt. Overall, I think we expected and hoped for more.  The food didn't blow us away as we thought it would and I think the lackluster chicken wings set the tone.
1	Guess i shouldve wore my hater proof shirt..lol....i was sooooo mad when i left here..sorry cassie you were totally awesome if you ever relocate look me up on yelp and ill go eat!  Where do i start? Oh ya so....Bobby Q messaged me after my last expierience apologizing about my food and explained they had the wrong oil delivered and to please come in ask for him and see their real "hospitality". I thought his message was awesome so tonight i called asked for the owner and a girl answered the phone and seemed soooooo nice told me the owners werent there and so i asked to place a to go order again (and thought well if they dont know im a yelper they will show their real colors!!!!! omg and that they did) i made my order for myself and my hubby and then asked if they had a childrens menu she very politely replied "oh no! But what a great idea thanks" (super sweet right) So i get there and walk in and its the same ghost town no body in sight only this time there wasnt even a bartender to ask...but when i walked into the bar area after waiting a while at 8:57pm I peaked around the corner into the kitchen and saw a girl (later to be named stephanie) on her cell phone. So i wait some more and decided to give up so i called my hubby to see if he wanted something different to eat and while i was explaining to him "i dont know how im suppose to give a good yelp reveiw when history repeats itself" Stephanie walks out ..i finished my conversation with "gotta go babe she finally came out"  Stephanie storms over to me and loudly says "oh, I finnally came out huh" i was just blown away i asked what the problem was she told me i was rude for saying that because she had just walked out of the back and i was lying about waiting but maybe i should go yelp about that!  I told her to check her cameras and told her i dont need her attitude and to keep the food im leaving. Then cassie ran out to me and begged for me not to leave( while stephanie was screaming running around the resturant saying how i had been there before i was that B*tch who wrote the yelp review and she didnt need to take my Sh*t) cassie told me she had made my food and was new there and she apologized for stephanies behavior told me she doesnt know what is wrong with her and after about 5 mins i came in handed stephanie my money (STUPID) took my food and cassie walked me out and apoogized again and as she was doing that this Crazy girl opens the door and asks me if i want my 36cents change (i thought she was going to throw it at me) i told her to keep it and told cassie i was going to try not to write a reveiw but contact the owner....sooooo i get in my car and feel bad for not tipping cassie so i walked back in to her and heard stephanie on her phone saying "i dont need this sh*t and your the one who told her to come back" so now i question how sincere the owners response was to me and how sincere they are at all HOSPITALITY!? What a joke! I tipped cassie and left.  The Food you ask ? lets just say this couldve been a great review update  to bad so sad... jealousy  or something is what i chop it up to with stephanie she was soooo nice both times on the phone til she saw me sorry not everyone is as blessed as me that doesnt mean you have to treat us like sh*t! They might have fixed the food problem but they need to work on there night time hospitality...sorry cassie i will NEVER be back! And to the owners...i wouldve rather had food like the last time than be badgered by your hostess and as a business owner i would never allow my employees to talk to me or anyone like that. This was like an awesome episode of kitchen nightmares!
4	This is one of those wacky places that has the bar split off from the restaurant and makes you run separate bills.  The food was pretty dang good, but I was a little put off by the fact that the billing is wonky.
5	I swear I thought I died and went to N'awlins. But before Chef Bobby Wilkinson launched me and my unsuspecting palate into a dreamy, hour-long gastronomic orbit above the Old South there was the hello.Your first impression of this place is the warmly smiling, quick and efficient wait staff that greets you at Bobby Q. Bobby is from the South, and it shows in both the people he hires to take care of guests and in a menu that bubbles right out of his native Gulf Coast.At Bobby Q's, the choices are modest, but good god this man is a chef without barbecue equal anywhere. His meat dishes are so good you don't need the finger-licking-good sauce they give you with each plate (the mark of a barbecue master). In our handful of times here, my girlfriend and I have had both the beef and the pork. Both are excellent.We also regularly start with the shrimp-and-grits appetizer. Everything here is so delicious, so cooked with an obvious love and respect for Gulf Coast-style barbecue (smoked for hours, using the finest meats and spices, with sauce on the side if you want it) you'll want to curl up in the booth and go to sleep before you ever reach the desert course.Do not miss this place. You'll probably talk to Bobby at some point, as he makes a habit of working the dining room, often sitting down over some iced tea to talk and laugh with guests.One caveat, however: Don't go on a First Friday. Bobby has a food truck that works that event, and he's usually out of one or two menu items on those days, usually the brisket.
