5	took the love of my life cat who i've had since the yr 2000 in when the 26 lb cat refused to eat, move or urinate for 3 days.  short of running tests estimated at 2000 bucks, chose the basic chem panel and short list of x rays.  i am heartbroken.  they said, other than a few kidney stones, he's just plain old and i need to prepare myself. this place didn't try to soak me any further and order additional unneeded, unfruitful tests, they just laid it out for me to take in.  what a blessing not to be gouged when it comes to saving the gentle rock who's been with me so long and never asked for anything beyond a routine cat brushing and dry food in his bowl.  whether you've had a dog or cat that you've come attached to, remember this place. they are sympathetic, knowledgeable and will do whatever you ask within the confines of your financial ability.  i never once got the impression that my cat's senior life was dictated by my ability to pay.  as an aside, this is the same clinic who helped me through the passings of my 12 and 13 yr old dogs over a very difficult Christmas one year.  that's why i went back to them. very sympathetic and understanding. yes, they're a chain, but the staff and vet seperates them from the others.  valentino is at home quietly enduring his illness wch i hope he pulls thru from. just want to give a shout out to this clinic who seems to truly care about animal welfare.
2	VERY expensive. And they misdiagnosed my dog 3x on major life endangering problems
5	This is the second time I have taken my dog here and am still really happy with the vet and the staff.  The girls at the front are very pleasant and helpful.  I usually get in within 5 to 10 minutes of being there (at other vets it would be 20 to 30). The nurse asked me questions and cared about my answers.  The doctor took all of my questions very seriously and gave good answers and helpful advice.  I will continue taking my dog here.
5	Love Dr Hoyt she has been caring for Hank since he was just a pup....my very happy and healthy big lug of a labradoodle. Dr. Hoyt is very caring providing the highest quality of care without recommending expensive and unnecessary tests or treatments.
