5	Cloud has moved again!For me, Cloud has always been a staple in the Vegas hookah scene. I recall the first Cloud 9 back in the day. It was small and cramped but T was always there to make you a great hookah. And while the latter hasn't changed, the new location is bigger and better than ever.This third incarnation of Cloud has about twice the seating space with a dedicated dance floor, improved sound system and two bathrooms (thank god!). Hookahs run $18, bottles of water and snacks are also available. No kitchen or bar but its ok as most people are drinking in the parking lot anyways. Theres a pretty decent selection of flavors and Moe is always coming around with fresh coconut coals. On weekend nights the lounge transforms into what I call 'Loud Cloud'. Like a club but for 18+, Loud Cloud features a DJ blasting EDM remixes and plenty of  people dancing where ever they can. Its so loud you won't be able to speak to the person next to you but the laser lights will keep ya entertained. On busier nights lines can form but theres never been a cover. Definitely one of the better lounges in town. Czech it out!
5	Man.. Where do I start?!? This place is awesome from the environment to the employees are so chill and on point! First impressions was the atmosphere was so chill and the lighting sets it so right. The DJ blasting music which I love from all different types of genres. So ladies and gents you can still shuffle to drop it like its hott if you know what I mean ;) BEST part is HOOKAH! My oh my the hookahs are always hitting soooo clean and smooth! (Like Keith Stone) hahaAnyways, yes their mixes in flavors are really good and creative. Now for the best part sucking!! haha man the smoke is so thick and awesome!! That's what I call a freaking good a@@ hookah Yo!!The service is constantly on point with blowing out your bowls to coal rotations to just making sure your hookah is hitting right so that your session is always good. If your a hookah fan this is a MUST!! Okay, back too sucking and blowing ... Hookah  you dirty minded peeps lol
1	Horrible hookah burned out so fast never going back. Music was horrible just bad service over all.
5	Great new location! Awesome DJ booth big with lots of room and a very friendly staff! I would highly recommend!
5	Best hookah spot in Vegas! Why? The flavors are the bomb, the hookah is smooth, and the atmosphere is great. I've sought out hookah from all over the world and must say, if i want a proper hookah, Cloud 9 is the only place to go!Everyone at Cloud is friendly and will make sure your hookah and experience is satisfactory if not fantastic. The DJs at Cloud also keep the place bumpin with anything from hiphop to edm. Must check out if you're in Vegas and hookah is your vice.
5	One if my favorite lounges to go to besides luna lounge when it comes to the club and party vibe at night !
5	Always great customer service! Not a good place to have a quiet chat, but great for dancing!
1	Bad service! First hookah was leaking and the guy still have it to us Worst service I have ever received kept calling the guy. Hookah had been harsh for a good while. Never saw the guy again since we walked in
5	My second home!! From day one I have always felt welcome here and have been treated like family. Weekdays are perfect for chilling, meeting new people, and weekends get super fun and the dance floor is always packed!! Hookahs are consistently well made, attended to by a friendly staff, and the flavor selection is extensive! Everything from fumari, starbuzz, al fakher, kashmir to haze! (Try the vanilla latte) Definitely beats any other lounge in Vegas. Wish I could give more stars!
5	Cloud 9 is the best hookah spot. Great DJs. Great staff. Great crowd over all. Yeah they might not serve alcohol  but they do have a xbox one that you can play with while smoking the best flavors in town!
3	If you're into loud music, lasers, and hookah Cloud 9 is a destination to attend. Make sure you're at least 18 years of age though; they ID.  A cost a hookah is 17$ and 9$ for an additional refill bowl. Its a bit on the costly side, but if you're searching for a good time its worth it.
1	Other than "T" (Employee) and Orian (Employee) the rest of the staff are rude and terrible workers. They pack bowls of hookah and ignore customers the rest of the night. I recommend they either fire or retrain the rest of the workers. This hookah lounge also doesn't accept the second amendment and nor do they allow outside beverages. My review of the lounge has changed since this experience.
4	If you want to relax and enjoy your hookah...probably not the best place to go. However, if you want to be a part of a party while taking hookah breaks, this is your spot! I've only been here on a Friday and Saturday night...so maybe I will have to update my review after returning to Cloud 9 on a weekday.Even though Cloud 9 was pretty busy both evenings, once we made it inside we never experienced issues with the staff and getting our hookah. The staff was always nice and they always got our hookah out to us in a timely manner. Furthermore, I could always spot someone available to assist me if I needed help - like a coal change. My reasoning for 4 stars instead of 5 is that one of the nights we had to wait outside for (what I felt was) an unreasonable amount of time... we saw folks in large groups going in and out all the while we stood outside...two of us...waiting. It was kind of a chilly night, so that wasn't appreciated. Also, the rowdy folks... I know it's a hookah joint and we were probably the oldest people in there.. but come on, there's a perfectly good dance floor but you choose to jump on the couch? Again, I'm aware that by mixing 18 year olds, dance music and club lights you are brewing up something rowdy... but it'd be nice to see some class. It's not bad enough for me to say that I'll never return though!
5	Been coming for the past few months. They're open late so it's the perfect spot to relax at after work. The service is always on point. The atmosphere is laid back and relax on weekdays, but Fridays and Saturdays it's a completely different environment. Great hang out spot to be at with your friends. Definitely recommend Cloud 9 over any hookah lounge in Vegas!
5	I've been hanging out at Cloud 9 for years, and they keep raising there game every time I stop by. Tonight I dropped by and just happened to catch an awesome hip hop dance troop free styling to the DJ's music. This no just a hookah lounge, it's a nightlife destination. The sound, the lights, the flavors are all great!
5	Fresh smooth hookah/refill. Good music & price. Friendly staff and on point service.
5	Without question the best hookah in the city. I've been a frequent customer of Cloud 9 since the initial location opened in 2008. I've watched the lounge grow and evolve, but one thing has remained consistent: the quality of the hookahs. If you want a more party-like vibe, the weekends get PACKED. They have good DJ's and the ideal ambiance for when it gets crazy. T, the owner, goes out of his way to ensure all of his patrons become regulars, and judging by the growth of the lounge over the years, it's apparent it's working.
1	Wack!! Horrible customer service, and when we went to order another bowl they wanted us to share the other side of our table with another party by having us use some stools! Wtf! We payed to be there and don't want to share our table with people. Music sucks, they don't walk around to see if you need anything.. Would say unless you like a bunch of kids acting a fool and no service then DONT GO.
5	I love this place.Cool vibe, great prices.... I tried  the Cucumber bowl which was a first, it was SO good.... It is kinda silly but I keep thinking about it....:)Huge parking , super friendly staff .Of course we will go back.
5	So lucky that I stumbled upon this gem near my house. I'm incredibly picky with hookah lounges and I must say this is the best one in town. First and foremost, it's clean. When I say clean I mean immaculate. It has a great atmosphere with music at a comfortable level for conversation but still loud enough to dance. During the week, very chill spot. During the weekend, great and busy place to go out. Staff remembers your name and is very accommodating and friendly. Not one single complaint except how easy it is to get addicted to hanging out here
1	This place was horrible.  It took the worker 3 attempts to get the hookah to work correctly and the flavor was so bland. Was expensive too. Left and went to an "all you can smoke" lounge that only charges $10 a person.
5	Hands down the best for your money! If you want a chill spot for u and friends this is the spot for sure!! Its has a great ambience, love the club look and feel&& party type lights! Over alll I love this place. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends nd strangers! Oh and they have some cute guys that work there just added that as a bonus lol !! ! All in all LOVE THIS SPOT !!!
