1	I purchased 2 Chicken Parmesans, and went home, apx .5 mi from store. I added a liberal amount of refrigerator ketchup, my wife a ranch from the store. About 1/3 in I realized it was raw, not a little pink but mostly. I went back to the store and spoke with manager Armando and showed him the sandwich. He said he would make two more and disappeared, no apology, nothing. Another worker dealt with us and was courteous but again not even an apology
2	Burger King tries really hard to be as good as McDonald's!I received a coupon from one of the Phoenix area coupons books that all school kids seem to sell these days.  The expiration was at the end of the month, so I decided to give them a try.Wow, the menu has gone upscale!  Now, we have good looking salads, wrap sandwiches, smoothie drinks and even Cinnabons.  Also, Burger King has this new TV ads featuring celebrities like David Beckham, Jay Leno, Salma Hayek and R&B singer Mary J. Blige.  Who sings about the ingredients of their snack wraps.  Sad.Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/leisure/2012/04/03/burger-king-new-menu-looks-lot-like-mcdonald/#ixzz2E7SB7fqWThe one problem I see is their need to upgrade the taste of the older food items.  Their Classic Chicken Sandwich is still a piece of process meat, and the Whopper still has those little pieces of brown substance on one side of their burger.  My last rant will be the taste of their onions, which still tastes as if they've left them out too long and have oxidized.  I know I'm going to regret it in several hours.
4	I needed to drink so we pulled into this Burger King. Was pleasantly surprised. Ordered a couple double cheeseburgers and chicken and everything was fresh hot and delicious. Good job Burger King
1	Though it is fast food, I have enjoyed their breakfast in the past. Today we wasted $13. It was probably one of the worst breakfast meals I have ever had. The biscuits were cold hard and stale, the croissants were burnt, the pancakes tasted like flour goo, the sausage was over cooked, and the eggs were just gross. Steer clear of this location.
