3	I wanted to put Sonic on the fast food plateau that I find In N Out to be. Certainly Burger Puke and McVomit know where they are on the chain of chains. And I love the car hop style allowing you to peruse the menu and hit the red button when you're ready while enjoying some Depeche Mode or Pet Shop Boys. The chili dog is sad. No snap. Just a sad soggy ass dog in a sad soggy ass bun. The burgers are OK. One up from the King and Ronald but well below In N Out. Tater tots. That's what I like here. Mmmm... But the onion rings. NO. It's like they added vanilla to the batter and they end up tasting like Febreze Rings. Gross. But the beverages are top notch. Strawberry Limeade always hits the spot. I don't crave 'em like I do my In N Out burgers, but when I wanna feel like Ralph Malph or Potsie at the car hop with Richie and The Fonz, I pull my wheels in to Sonic.
4	Is this the Sonic's that I visited? I can't exactly remember since I saw more Sonic Drive-Ins in 3 days than I have my entire life in California, and since I am one of those fortunate enough to be teased by Sonic commercials constantly repeated on cable television, I had to try this place (similar to my situation in Cleveland with White Castle burgers, but in that instance I did not have the appetite for tiny burgers and totally regret my decision to keep on driving). I was utterly surprised with Sonic's and was left wanting more. I only had a cranberry slush, but the consistency was the same throughout my drink (regular ICEE's will become more icy with less concentrated syrup flavoring) and the tiny ice particles added to the refreshing factor. Being in 110+ heat made me crave for a constant supply of Sonic slushes.....damn them for making such a great drink. I need a Sonic's near the Bay Area......if you're going to advertise in my area, please deliver Sonic's corporation!
4	I'd always heard tales of the fabled Sonic Drive-In, but it was like a whisper in the wind or a thief in the night...I never truly believed. Legends with tantalizing visions of juicy burgers, golden fries, creamy milk shakes, and flavored sodas came across state lines into Los Angeles, but how could such wonders be true? What began as an ordinary day would end in a night forever seared into the archives of my mind. As we were blindly driving through the dimly lit streets of Phoenix, an illuminated sign appeared to us, as if an answer to a prayer. Sonic came to us all at once in a haze. We ordered burgers, fries, onion rings, popcorn chicken, a corn dog, chili tots, and shakes upon shakes! Oh, the bargains! We laughed! We danced! We wept! The next morning, all I had was the echo of a stomach ache as proof of the marvels of the night before.Maybe, just maybe, if I clap my hands enough and really believe, one will suddenly appear in the South Bay. One can only dare to dream.
4	A coupon from the grocery store receipt let me get a free Sonic Burger with the purchase of one Sonic Burger. So, why not? Although it doesn't apply to the combo meal, it's still a killer value.That they ask if you want your burger with mayo or mustard, as opposed to ketchup [:sick:] is even better. I love mayo. Now, if they start carrying baconnaise, I'll make much more of an effort to go here on a regular basis.This location had a limited time offer of any drink/slushee any size for $1. This is wonderful, as you can get a large blue coconut slushee, drink off a couple of inches, top it off with Malibu rum and have a little party in the afternoon. Sweeeeeeettt!!!
5	Born and raised in San Jose, I have only heard of Sonics. Before going to this location in Pheonix, I thought it was some sort of urban legend.Sonics is such a tease. It has a bajillion commercials on tv about it's smoothies and slushies, but the the closest one to my house is a good 30-45min drive in the boonies. When the bf told me there were Sonics a-plenty in Phoenix, I HAD to go.AND I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED! Despite all the hype from the commercials, I was not disappointed at all. I loved the berry-lemon slushies I got. The menu claimed that it would have real fruit in it, and yes, right there at the bottom of my large cup were a couple of real lemon halves. =] I can die happy.The novelty of ordering through a weird parked car drive through thing was pretty neat too. I'm a fan! Now if only there was a Sonic closer to home...
4	DAMMIT SONIC! WHY aren't you in Los Angeles? Your greasy goodness has me feenin! I usually come to visit as the first stop after landing at PHX when visiting my best friend. We order like 5 things and share them all, usually followed by about 6 hours of gas pains - but it's hella worth it.My friend did, however, recently inform me that you took the Frito burrito off the menu! WHAT THE FUCK!? Come ON! It's a freakin chili burrito with nacho cheese and FRITOS inside! Who doesn't want that?? Put it back on the menu ASAP or I will stick around after my meal and share my stinky wrath with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
