5	Michael came out today and he was great! Our patio door was a bear to open and he put new hardware on and voila! It seriously opens with 1 finger. He was quick, affordable, knowledgeable and very nice. Scheduling was easy and the office staff was kind. A+!
5	We found these guys online and they offered to come out and give us a free, no-obligation estimate.  Their technician, Michael, was definitely on-time, took a quick look at the door, immediately knew what the problem was, and told me he could fix it in 15 minutes fr WAY less than I had planned for.  This company is GREAT.  The door was fixed, as promised in less than 15 minutes after he arrived, it works better than it did when it was new...I can literally open it with one finger, it slides so easily, and it was EASY to get done.I couldn't be happier-and recommend them HIGHLY if you have sliding glass door, screen or sunscreen issues.  Obviously, honest, reliable, clean, quick, timely, and the price was more than fair.
5	Michael is a patio door guru.  Our door was so heavy and slow that we dreaded going outside, or inside, Stuck between the icy cold interior and the surface-of-the-sun exterior, we called on All patio Doors.  Within 15-20 minutes Michael changed the door's ball bearings, did some other voodoo magic, and voila, we have a door as smooth as butta.  No new door was required - take that all of you competitors!  Kudos to Michael.
5	Michael just left. This company is great. I ordered 4 small sun screens for my front door. OMG, what a difference, especially with the heat starting. I also got a new screen for a window and a new sliding patio screen. They were here on time and did a great job. They even had to make modifications to the handle on the screen door. I would definitely recommend them. Other companies will do this stuff on the spot, big deal if you have to wait a week for quality. They were also cheaper than the other companies I looked into. I wiill be using them again.
5	Came to Yelp, and read the reviews. They came to give free estimate very quickly. And, like all the reviews said, they were outstanding!  Less expensive than the other estimate that I received, and they did the job while on site. Very professional, and the the result of their repairs is terrific!
1	If you are thinking of using this company, my personal experience with them is not good. I called and made an appointment for them to come out and give me a free estimate to replace my patio doors. They never showed up for the appointment nor did they call to cancel or reschedule. They just blew us off after we had wasted two hours of our day waiting for them to come at the appointed time. Any company that treats potential customers this way do not deserve new business.
5	Wow...absolute professionals, courteous, speedy, amazing quality at the best price.Use these guys, period.
4	Excellent work, prices and customer service. My new patio door is beautiful. Definitely going to call them back for my next project.
5	Not only fixed our patio door but quite possibly saved my marriage. On time and affordable.
1	Had a scheduled appt for these guys to come out and fix patio door-no show-no call-didn't return my call. Tells me they are independently wealthy and don't need new business.  Advice to everyone, Pass on this one when looking
1	Stay away! After paying a $100 down payment, and being told it would be 2 weeks, I was forgotten. I sent emails and left phone messages which weren't returned. After finding the number they called from to make original appointment, somebody answered. It had now been 2 weeks but was told factory was behind and they would call the next Monday. By Tuesday night, they still hadn't called. I called again and they said someone would be here Friday. Well it's past the appt time, nobody has called and nobody answers their phone. I'm pretty sure I am out $100 but we will continue to persue this.
2	I did finally get the work done on 4/28, but I never did get any calls back from them, I made all the calls. No complaints on the work though, my door works great now. I really don't like that I never once had a call returned from them,  so I don't know if I would recommend them to anybody else.
5	I just had the owner, Michael, service our sliding glass door. We recently bought our home and the door needed some work but we weren't sure what was wrong with it. I scheduled an appointment after asking about some of the previous negative reviews with some of the scheduling issues in the past. The lady on the phone said that they were trying to train some people and it didn't go very well. They also tried to make some changes to their billing at the same time and she said they had some glitches. The lady running the office is experienced and the billing issues had been handled. Michael arrived within the appt. time frame and literally diagnosed the door in less than 7 seconds. We needed new rollers. He replaced the rollers with ones more appropriate for the weight of the door (4 wheels instead of 2) and he gives a 2 year guarantee on the rollers. Any issues and he will service the door for free. I asked him about the guarantee and he said he said he has so few problems with these rollers that if we had problems after 7 years that he would still come out and service the door for free. He said that to maintain the doors we should vacuum the track regularly to keep it clean and to not use any lubricant. If it feels like lubricant is needed to give him a call and he will come out and service the door for free. And the price for the repair was $25 under what they quoted me on the phone. I was already pleased with the service I had received, then he started fixing the rest of the door to make sure it closed as easily as possible. He removed a piece of old weather stripping, replaced the lock and clasp with a specialty piece that fit our door better, and removed a damaged piece of the metal from the lock portion. All this was done for free. End result: A sliding glass door that previously was basically unusable to a sliding glass door that I can literally "open with one finger". Problem solved, and it was done timely, economically, and courteously.If I have any problems I would be happy to give him a call to have him service the door. Thanks Michael!
5	Excellent job!! Showed up very shortly after I called. He did an excellent job my sliding door works better than it ever has and I 've lived here for 11 years.  Very professional and answered any and all questions and concerns I had regarding my door. I highly recommend this company!
5	When I called they gave me a timeframe between 1-3 which always worries me. They called me at 1 to narrow it down and showed up within five minutes of promised time. Quickly confirmed the quote I had received on the phone. Explained what I needed and why. Fixed the original problem plus adjusted my screen door at no additional cost.  The price was fair and the service was great. Will use them in the future  for any other patio door / window issues.
