2	Really not anything to write home about.Customer service from the front desk is subpar at best, usually a pretty long wait after your appointment. There's one guy (Jeff maybe?) that's the lead vet tech who is very friendly and knowledgeable, but overall I'm not impressed. If you're willing to make the drive, the Banfield in Chandler near Gilbert Rd and the 101 is fantastic.
4	I was dog sitting for a friend in the South Scottsdale/Tempe area over the weekend so was out of my usual home area.  My small dog was bitten by one of the dogs I was sitting and had a pretty deep wound to the neck.  Upon seeing the wound I drove to the nearest Banfield/PetSmart on 4380 N Miller Rd in Scottsdale and the front desk person told me they prefer appointments and as I did not have one, even after explaining the situation, it would be tough to get me in as they were busy. As she was telling me this I was looking for the next place nearby which happened to be the Rio Salado Banfield.  I called the hospital as I was en route and Heather put me on hold to see if they could get me in and got back on the line to suggest I head over right away.  She was friendly, patient and helpful the entire conversation.  Once I got to the hospital she greeted me and lead me to an open exam room.  Within a couple of minutes Vet Tech Amanda came in, introduced herself, was kind and patient with my dog while she examined him and eased my feelings of failing as a doggy parent by sharing her own story.  Shortly after she left the room, Dr. Pearce entered, introduced himself and was very good in walking me through everything he was going to look at and look for.  Once he examined Coco and decided the treatment route he would be taking, he explained everything in detail to me, assured me my dog would be ok and then they were off.  The team cared for my dog, cleaned him up and the skill and professionalism Dr Pearce and his team showed from beginning to end left me 100% impressed and grateful.I feel the care me and my dog received was sincere and excellent.  Pricing was fair and I would recommend a friend to this location.  Thank you Dr Pearce, Heather, Amanda and the team at Banfield - Rio Salado Parkway, Tempe.
5	I have been coming here for years and I am definitely satisfied. My dog (Olivia) is going to be 5 years old this month and has been apart of Banfield since she was a few months old. I started her off on the puppy wellness plan which includes the spay and all shots. Over a year ago I upgraded her to the package that also includes a teeth cleaning. They put her under anesthesia and clean her teeth, also pull any that need to be pulled. I don't like doing this but chihuahuas are known for having bad teeth and she is a pure breed so it's a must. I believe the staff really does care about your pet, and since I think of mine as a human this is definitely important. The doctor is very nice and explains anything and everything in detail. So ask away!
5	I forgot to add the name of the doctor! The doctor is Dr. Pearce and he was amazing again today. I got a new puppy and checked her out, answered all of my questions and truly cares about your pet!
1	Definitely wont be back!!! And I am actually trying to cancel the wellness plan. What a joke!! Long, long, long, long, long waits.. Dr. P is really a nice guy, but man, not everyone can afford a 200 X-ray for a 10 year old dog. ; (   Then I am over billed, for a 40 monthly plan, I was VERY explicate about. Definitely, stick with your regular vet before going to the Tempe Marketplace Banfield. I feel like i was scammed into the wellness plan, and miss lead. Now they want a charge for canceling!! The wrong plan I signed up for?Not to mention, they shoved the thermometer up my lil dogs butt too far, and made him scream! I should have ran that moment.
4	I admit, I can be a pain in the ass customer! I know this first hand,  for most part. Today, I had a wonderful conversation with Dr. Pierce, of Banfield Pet Hospital, and he has made me a satisfied customer. ;)They made me feel 100% whole & satisfied with our issue(s). We understand now, that this plan was just not for us.Me, and my dog Cheeto thanks you Banfield, for your attempt to help him get better, and as well, your immediate attention to our chief complaint(s).  And we will be in touch about Cheeto's health progress. The Doc and his staff @Banfield Tempe Marketplace are super nice! So nice it actually saddens us to leave, but we need to do whats fiscally best for our checkbook, and our schedules. Dr. Pierce, thank you again for calling me personally, and apologizing for the mis-understanding/mis-communications; you made a tough conversation / situation, totally comfortable. I can confidently recommend this Banfiled Animal Hospital services to all my friends knowing you put the animals health first.
1	I was skeptical about bringing my new puppy here because I've heard Banfields aren't the greatest. Needless to say, going through my puppy's shot series I didn't have any issues nor was anything spectacular. It wasn't until her spay that I can honestly say I completely REGRET ever bringing her to a Banfield. My poor baby I wish I could take it back.Her incision looks like the skin was quickly and effortlessly pushed and glued back together, the area still bloody and dirty looking and full of dried blood/glue who knows. She has little blood spots on her head and arm which to me shows an overall lack in not only skill but care and precision as someone clearly wasn't changing gloves or keeping the entire area clean as they're touching other spots on her body, again who knows. I was told the procedure takes 30-45mins but 5hours after dropping her off they still weren't done and at no point did I receive any type of update courtesy call. A procedure like this should end with the VET coming out and telling you exactly what he did, not the untrained appointment setter at the front desk (no offense). AFTER WRITING THIS REVIEW PETSMART AND THE VET DID CONTACT ME AND APOLOGIZE.
2	Not the worst but not great. I got a call letting me know my dog needed some booster shots. .. The gentleman on the phone assured me it was covered under my wellness plan that I wad paying $36 a month for.  Upon arrival some other guy told me it was only covered if I renewed my plan early.  Wtf? I wasted a morning of work for that. Thanks guys. .I'll take him somewhere else from now on.
