3	Opening day!!!!!!!! (July 26th,2013) How exciting right??!! I've been following Libretto's on Instagram (@librettospizzeria)  with much anticipation for the GRAND opening. I thought I was going to be apart of the first 100 to come and receive free pizza for a year. I was sadly mistaken lol That's Saturday (7/27/2013) for the free Za for a year. Amazing offer!!! Can't pass that up if you can get there. I went for lunch with a couple of co-workers and two of them had lunch specials. One had half a hero with a side salad and soda and the other had a slice of cheese with a side salad. I had a personal sized pizza with Spinach and six of the Garlic & Butter wings. Our waitress was fun and giggly (not giggidy lol) but, didn't know the menu yet or, what diet soda was. My lunch guest asked what diet sodas they have and our waitress asked us "is lemonade diet?" Hilarious, she was really nice. I was thinking they were going to be slammed with people but it was just us and a couple of other folks. With that being said, I was surprised how slow the service was and how long the food took. I would think they would have had a few cheese pizzas ready "on deck" for lunch slices. My lunch buddy that ordered the slice didn't get it until we were ready to leave. Over an hour. The salads were fresh, and the Hot Italian Hero was good, no complaints there. The Garlic & Butter wings were cooked fresh but a little greasy and it hurts me to say this, there was a long feather...still attached...sad. I'll keep the pic to myself. My pizza was okay. My co-worker enjoyed it more than I did. Just a few things that Libretto's needs to work on. I would say time management in the kitchen to get food out quick and hot. Our food was brought out one item at a time I know this isn't their first location so, they've got it!. Libretto's will be a great lunch destination, just give them some time to work into their new space. Hopefully I will be going back to try some pastas and other delicious menu items. Check them out!!
4	I'm a big of Libretto's and have enjoyed the other two locations in town for some time. Happy to say that the newest location (here) has easily topped my list for a number of reasons. First, the menu is easy. Family recipes that aren't overly presented, spiced, salted, or done with too much fluff. I'm not the biggest Italian fan in the world, but when I do go for Italian, I tend to gravitate to the more puristic menu items. Libretto's recipes are made with love and it's pretty easy to tell. Recently tried the traditional spinach pie calzone and the veggie pinwheel. Both are served with a small side of perky marinara and aren't of ungodly, gargantuan proportion. I appreciate the size to price ratio.The kicker for this location is easily the bar/patio area(s). HUGE patio that wraps around the corner, front patio with some umbrellas over 4-tops, and giant garage doors that open to the bar. We sat on the patio around 12:30pm and it was perfectly shaded, breezy, and comfortable. How can you sit on that patio and not knock back a beer or six? Also, check out the mural at the end of the bar on the far wall. Gives it a really cool Brooklyn vibe. Props to Libretto's on this new location. Looking forward to more patio time really soon. Cheers.
4	I had been to the librettos in epicentre a couple of times, but not recently. But a buddy of mine and I have been heavily craving some good pizza so we decided to get a large pie for carry out. We called ahead, placed our order and were told to come by in 15 minutes. (They're going to start delivery for their Woodlawn location very soon. A week or so, she said). Anyways, we arrived in about 10 minutes and our pizza was ready! Piping hot and smelling all kinds of amazing. We brought it back to the apartment and it did not disappoint. The flavor was excellent, the cheese, crust, all of that. Terrific. Definitely coming back again. Hopefully can avoid the drive and have it delivered. What I liked: the pizza was ready faster than expected, it tasted great, the person who took my order and helped in person was very friendly, reasonably priced, and  it's open late, AND the sell pizza by the slice, too. Gotta love the new location. Definitely check it out. It's the closest thing to NY pizza I've had in Charlotte so far. A+
2	All the cool kids like this place.  And I want to like it.  I have tried twice (in two different locations) to like it and meh - not again.  Today's lunch was a huge fail in practically every aspect.  The new spot is lovely, well decorated and should make for a pleasant dining experience.  I was instantly greeted and seated upon entering.  There was one other gentleman there banging away on his laptop and a few minutes later a table of 4 was sat.  That's it.  At 11:30 on a Friday, we were it.  Not a fan of the pizza at their Ballantyne location (personal preference), I thought I would try a sandwich.  I ordered the grilled chicken with mozzarella and peppers sandwich lunch special for $8 with fries.  I waited.  And waited.  And waited... my waitress came by about 20 minutes into my wait to let me know the kitchen was working on a huge delivery order, and while I appreciated the update, the reason as to why it was taking an eternity for a freakin' sandwich is inconsequential.  Shortly thereafter she brought the sandwich, no fries, and told me the fries had been dropped and would be out in a few minutes.  Um... okay.  The wait for my food had allowed me to listen to the DMB, Hootie, (that douchey guy that keeps getting much hotter girls that plays guitar) music and the guys in the kitchen going back and forth about one of their f'in girlfriends and her habits that are annoying to him.  As with the Ballantyne location, the voices from the kitchen and the language is disruptive.  With a fairly open floor plan, high ceilings and solid-surface floors, it reverberates.I'll get off of my rocking chair yelling at kids to get off my lawn and back to the food... the sandwich should be called a pepper sandwich with cheese and chicken bits.  The grilled chicken, charred as I imagine only the temperature from the flames of hell would produce that shade of black on a chicken, was about 1/2 of a very thin chicken breast (think the Perdue thin cuts from the grocery store, but not an entire breast, just 1/2).  The black edges and end pieces would break off as I bit into the sandwich, but since we were 30 minutes in, I trudged on after dissecting the sandwich to see if I was just getting bad bites, or if the sandwich really was that bad.  Loaded with peppers, the peppers were cooked well and well flavored.  The mozzarella, while not much of it, was fine.  The bread was fine. All I could taste were carcinogens and peppers.I was about 1/2 way done with my sandwich when the fries came.  They were smoking hot and good.  The kind that are soft on the inside and super crunchy on the outside.  I was then brought a small cup of ketchup, that was enough for about 1/2 of the fries.Service was fine, kitchen staff was loud, food was yuck (1/5 for sandwich, 3.5/5 fries -the highlight of dining should not be french fries), the wait for the food was not justified by the quality of it, the portion of the meal was very reasonable for the price.  At 0-fer-2, Libretto's gets my Pawpaw's smackdown - "I ain't goin' back".
5	Very good appetizers and pizza. We had a big party, and the staff was very pleasant and courteous. A few members of the party ordered sandwiches and enjoyed those as well. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for some good Italian in the area.
5	This restaurant has excellent Italian food! There is a variety of traditional Italian dishes but then they offer some more eclectic dishes as well and they are all delicious. The dining area is very nice; very modern and clean, but fancy enough to go on a nice date night. The bar area is great and has huge glass garage doors that open onto the patio, which make for a great night dining experience in the summer time! The service was very pleasant as well and there seem to be a great team effort amongst the staff. I would recommend this joint to anyone that loves great food and a great dining experience!
3	Really 2.5 stars.. it was just ok.  Not terrible nor great The decor looked pretty much the same as when it was Al's Pizza, so no complaint. We tried the Chicken Florentine and it seriously lacked flavor! I very seldomly have to add salt to a pizza. It is like there was no flavor in chicken or spinach. We did like the chewy crust and the service was very attentive. It is a little pricey for quality, so we will probably return if we see a deal/special/coupon.
4	Al's who?! Precisely. Libretto's has done a great job moving in and building a new reputation for that space.The pizza does its job by bringing a taste of NY to the Queen City. The slices are thin, greasy, and foldable! The salads are standard. The spaghetti is good, although salty. They aren't as quick as other pizza joints, but maybe I'm not used to waiting 25-30 minutes.Pro and con: They only deliver in a very small area. Lucky you if you are within their zone. I'm about 1.5-2 miles away and either the website is not updated or truly they have a very, very small delivery area.When I'm in the mood for yummy, foldable pizza, Libretto's is where I'll turn.
4	Not to discriminate against the other two Libretto's locations in our lovely city... but this one is the best. Why? Well, it's walking distance from my house. Better yet... they DELIVER to my house.Okay, so none of you probably care about that. Let's focus on the things we can all appreciate. This Parktowne location has a killer bar and patio area. They have the garage-like doors that open up into the patio. So nice. And like all the LLs (that's slang for Libretto's locations... not to be confused with Cool J), you can expect the same delicious food. My two favorite pies are the Buffalo Chicken and the IL Diavolo (pepperoni, spicy sausage, jalapenos and roasted garlic).It's a great place for lunch. You can easily get a pasta dish, side salad and drink for less than ten bucks. Pizza by the slice is also available: BONUS: Libretto's has punch cards for both pizza slices (buy 10 slices, get one free) and lunch entrees (buy 5, get one free).Tons of specials throughout the week. Here are some of the highlights:Wednesday:Half priced apps 4-7pm1/2 priced bottles of Wine Thursday:Half Price bar menu from 4-7pm$3 Craft Beers & $3 DraftsSaturday:Brunch Pizzas$4 Mimosas, $5 Bloody Marys, and $10 Bottomless Bellinis and $5 flavored vodka bombsSunday:Kids eat free (if you don't like to be in a restaurant full of children... you may want to skip this day)Another great restaurant by Mr. Mike Libretto. Spoiler alert: he's a hell of a great guy, too!
5	Obsessed! My fiance and I moved here a few months ago from NY, where we actually lived down the street from the Libretto's there. This place is just as good, if not better than the original! I may or may not have ordered delivery 3 times in the past week and a half. The pizza is as authentic as you can get outside of the city, and the soups and salads are great, too. I have yet to have a bad meal. Delivery was slow for a bit but it seems they've fixed it. As delicious as their pizza is, the meatballs are the best. They taste just like my moms.
2	Friday night ordered a personal pizza for delivery and was told it would be 45 minutes. Took an hour and a half to deliver. Of course by the time it got to me it was cold. My pizza was under $10; I gave the driver a $20 and he started walking off. I can't believe I had to ask for my change.The pizza was fine but service is subpar. Inadequate management.
3	We used to visit this location when it was Al's Pizza.  We loved the retro modern decor, menu options, and taste of food.  We tried Libretto's for the first time recently, and it was just kind of average.  Our party of five was seated in the very last large booth.  While these big booths are fantastic for larger parties, they're unfortunately aligned with the open kitchen where we could see the hustle and bustle of the servers, chefs, and delivery people standing around, and then coming and going.  (p.s. That kind of ruins the "open kitchen" concept.)  The last booth also gives a fantastic view into the back room with its unflattering fluorescent lighting, the comings and goings of the servers, and the brisk wind from outside due to the propped open back door.  I was going to order one of their specialty pizzas but, unfortunately, I did not.  I opted for the Chicken Francese (Chicken French), because it's a Western NY specialty that you can't typically find outside of Western NY, and I was excited to see it on the menu.  The chicken was just ok.  It didn't have a lot of flavor.  And then I got a pile of plain pasta on the side.  Really?  That's it?  No veggies or anything?  So while it was edible, it was nothing exceptional and I was kicking myself for not trying their pizza which, I'm sure, is much better than their pasta dishes.  The meatball hoagie and calzone that others at the table got looked much better than my somewhat boring entree.  As for the service, it was quite slow.  It was a lonnnnnnnng time before we got our garlic knots appetizer (20 minutes?) and then even longer after that before we got our food.  And then another 5-10 minutes before I could even flag down our disappearing server to bring me Parmesan cheese (that should have been already on our table) to make my bland dish a little more exciting.  We also had to specifically speak up and request our choice of pastas because our server never asked what kind we wanted.  Would we go back?  Possibly.  I would like to give their pizza a taste test.  I certainly wouldn't get a pasta dish again.  And I don't want to sit at the "back of the bus" where there's no atmosphere and where the delivery people just hang out, leaning against the walls.
5	Being from New York I know pizza. The number one pizza in Charlotte was from La Strada from 1974 to 2012. Now, the title of best pizza in our area is definitely Libretto's. Pizza that you see in Brooklyn, NY is virtually identical in taste and look.
4	I waited months for this location to finally open. I often go in just for the garlic knots and a few beers or glasses of wine. If you've never been do not settle there. The tapanade is great as the the fried calamari. They have a large list of pizza by the slice and there individual slice pizza is almost enough for two.I think its Mondays and Tuesdays that the offer a 3 course meal for only $9.95. Includes a starter, choice of pasta, and dessert. The added garage doors near the bar do during summer it's almost like sitting on a large patio. This place is never a miss.
3	The white pizza is the best thing on the menu besides the sicilian chopped salad (without olives yuck!!). I typically go for lunch, the slices are hit or miss.. sometimes better than others, sometimes over cooked more than other times. Service is spotty... two times I asked for no olives, had olives both times... another visit ordered garlic knots and never received... still keep going back for the white pizza. Ordered out and had delivered last weekend cheese pizza/pepperoni and it was really good. I have not tried any non-pizza items yet besdies the salad.
3	I was kind of excited about Libretto's but it ended up falling into the category of just meh pizza. First, our waitress, granted it was slow when we came in but she acted like she didn't give a f***, forgot waters and other drinks, took a long time to get our checks, also we we asked if she could split them up evenly we all got different totals, and she just had an attitude of meh (kind of like the pizza). Got the New York Pizza, none of the ingredients stood out to me, seemed like the pizza you'd get at a joint at 2am.
4	I quite enjoyed Libretto's Pizza. Of course, I ate alone and didn't have pizza, but balsamic grilled chicken with veggies and potatoes. The glaze was a little on the sweet side but still good overall, and I enjoyed the garden salad. The cannoli was quite flavorful - almost cinnamon like, but the chocolate syrup on the plate was just enough. The server was very attentive - had an error with the price of my side salad, but she corrected it. Very pleased with my trip and hope to be back for pizza soon.
3	Ordered delivery rather late on a Friday. Didn't seem to have the same late arrival issues that others have had, but I was also pretty close to this location. Ordered an Italian hero assuming it would be the bomb diggity, with lots of that salty herby spicy authentic flavor... It was alright, but the bread to meat and cheese ratio was skewed, more on the bready side. The meats are super thin sliced, which is fine, I just expected a lot more. Provolone was very thin as well, and there were only a few half slices on my sandwich. Hot cherry peppers and vinaigrette added flavor to an otherwise bland tasting sandwich. Would like to try their other menu offerings sometime, but I'm in no hurry.
2	I usually go to the librettos pizzeria that's located in the epicentre and I'm always satisfied when I go there. Today I went to the one at parktowne and it was probably the worst experience. The hostess/server had a bad attitude. I ordered the personal pizza and it was good. Typical Hawaiian pizza nothing special. My friend ordered spaghetti with marinara sauce and they have her more meat than anything. No spaghetti at all. Food is way overpriced. When I went to the one at the epicentre I ordered the chicken parmigiana and it wasn't so good. I've had better.Sauce is bland. There's nothing authentic or special about Libretto's.
5	Great pizza, very friendly and helpful staff, and spotlessly clean.  Look no further than Libretto's!
2	The decor is good and the staff attentive but the food took an inordinate amount of time to arrive.  When it finally did arrive, the sandwiches were smaller than what I'd make at home.  My husband asked the manager about it and we were told they focus more on pizza and pasta.  Not impressed and won't blow our dining budget on it.
1	On Sunday, January 5th at 6pm I ordered pizzas online from this "restaurant", and went there to pick it up 45 minutes later as the order confirmation instructed. When I arrived, they didn't even have the order. They tried to shrug it off as if I ordered at the wrong location and that I was supposed to print the order confirmation...what terrible and insulting excuses! I rendered the order confirmation email on my iPhone, proving to them that I did order and pay for the requested pizzas. The employee went back and "found" the order and asked me to wait as they fire up the pizzas... I left. There is a reason why I ordered online. I will NOT be coming here again.
4	I was a bit skeptical about going to another pizzeria place.. but, good job Libretto's!Place - Blown away with the layout of the restaurant.  Maybe that was a strong word, but I was suprised.  It was clean, new, and not run-down or messy at all.  It was refreshing to come into a nice restaurant to eat. Service - Carrie was helpful and took care of our crew of 10. She was attentive and took care of our order despite the questions we had asked about the size of the pizzas and what draft beers are carried.Food - We had:- Chicken Florentine:  I personally liked the pizza, it has your typical chicken and veggies, which was good. Some of the people were 'meh' about it. - Anchovies and Mushroom: I did not eat this, but everyone else loved it.- Tuscany: Was so-soThe food came out quick, did not have to wait too long. So that was a plus.Liked they had the $3 draft beer special.Price - I did think the price of the pizza was a bit pricey, especially for a large and a medium.  Large will get you 8 large slices, Medium have 6, and a small will get you 4 slices.Overall, I would not mind coming back here agian for some pizza and good company.  If it was just myself or with my husband, it would be too much for us to finish.
3	Good pizza, cool music, friendly service in a cozy atmosphere with reasonable prices and with awesome patrons. The menu was full of variety I would recommend for family and friends or that special someone for a fun night out!!!
4	I attended a Yelp event here a few weeks ago and enjoyed myself so I decided to give it another try on a Thursday afternoon. Hung out at the bar and had a few beers. Nice selection. The bartender was friendly and conversational. I ordered a pizza to go. Tried one of the Sicilian style pies. Good grief...it must have weight 4 lbs. It was huge!! Pretty tasty, a bit too much sauce for my liking. Still a really good experience. I look forward to a return.
4	We had the spinach pie canzone which was excellent.   It oozed cheese great tasting spinach slivers of garlic and plenty of pepperoni in a crispy cust.  Highly recommend
5	Yum! Yum! Yum! I love this place! I've been while it was slammed, while it was slower, at all different times of the day and I've never been let down. They recently added new T.V.s to the dining room and I've always been able to ask my server to adjust the station to whichever game I'm hoping to catch that night. As for the food, the pizza is delicious and has just the right amount of crust and sauce. The salads are also done well, and a nice add-on to any entree. It's nice to find a place that you can meet a friend for the night or just stop in to grab a slice and a beer for a great price! I'll always come back for more :)
4	Best pizza in the city the appetizers are a little pricier but I'm so addicted to the meatlovers pizza so glad for the great addition to park road shopping center
4	After visiting a few times and enjoying pizza by the slice, salads and whole pizzas, everything has been great.  The pizza has a great crust and the consistency of the food is one of the best I have seen in years.  I think the service, at times, can be a lttle rude/short, but overall a nice spot to check out for a quick lunch or a stop on a weekend for a pizza a drinks. I look forward to my next visit.
5	Libretto's is our new pizza place for sure. Really good pizza. The sausage is the good Italian sausage that is in flat slices like pepperoni, not that round stuff you get from papa johns or dominos. Service is good. Place is cool. Bar is good. Lots of TVs in the bar area. Outdoor seating. Oh, and get the bruschetta! That olive tapenade that comes with it is awesome! If you like olives, that stuff is like crack. Chopped kalamatas, a little tomato, basil, oil (I'm making assumptions here). Whatever is in it, it's good. The place ain't cheap, but it's not gonna break the bank either, worth it.
1	Sitting here trying to have dinner with my family and they have a DJ playing nasty explicit music and the manager said his hands are tied. The owner Bob knows about this and is fine with scaring away the families for the dinner hour. This has been going on since 430pm and its not 830pm. We will regulars but we will never be back again.
2	Stopped in for a family dinner. My wife had been there but was my first time. The kids seemed to enjoy the pizza just fine, and the calzones and strombolis were pretty good. Beer list was decent enough and had a few local craft brews which is always nice. But we spent the whole dinner swatting away fruit flies that were hovering everywhere, trying to keep them out of the food and drinks, which was simply disgusting and unacceptable. Can't imagine going back.
2	Great food but service is awful. Wasn't even crowded and waited 20 min before someone even acknowledged our presence at our table and that's after we had to ask for a server.
2	Tried this place a couple of times too many. It's just not that great. Pizza, salads, garlic knots... none of it stands out. Wouldn't try it again even for free. Much better places out there.
3	It was good but not great.  Decent price, good location, good service, nice atmosphere but the food was average at best.  Overall disappointed because the food is the most important part.
5	This is a most authentic italian restaurant and pizza place. I have had a few different dishes and all have been top notch. You probably cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
4	This place is attractive, has great service and delicious food! Not generic, canned stuff, but real yummy Italian American cuisine. Casual, too
3	Calamari is awful.  Hot wings are salty.  I know the pizza is great and so are the stuffed mushrooms but tonights choice of wings was a let down.  *I miss Hefs wings. On the bright side the bartender is kinda cute.
4	Great pizza. Great service too. The calamari and the alfredo was good too. But the pizza was definitely the best. Hence Libretto's "Pizza" I guess. The mozzarella on the Tuscany was really good. Dried tomato was also good. But my favorite was the dough. It was thin, chewy and just right.
2	Third and last time there. Went in for a quick lunch. The kids pizza was decent- a good portion and average on the taste scale. The BLT with avocado was horrible. They skimped out on the avocado and the bacon was broken into many pieces. The roll was small and very meh If you can't do something right, don't do it.
5	All I can say is OMG this is awesome pizza!!! My friend turned me onto it when she had a couple (cheese and white pizzas) delivered while we had early happy hour at her house! Both were amazing and huge (and I'm not a plain ole cheese kinda girl)! And they deliver . . . extra bonus!!I ordered a large margherita with half portobello and half pepperoni for delivery last weekend (too lazy to cook). Again it's a huge pizza with perfect crust! Other than the toppings shifting during delivery (2 slices were nothing but tomato sauce and a little basil), it was wonderful! My husband enjoyed it and he's somewhat picky!I lucked out and got a Groupon for dine in. With delivery nowadays, it's not often we go out for pizza. But we'll look forward to a casual date night soon with our Groupon!  I highly recommend Librettos for a delicious filling pizza!!!!
