1	So, we've been anxiously awaiting the opening of this place.  Signs in window prior to opening say "all organic", and we are thrilled to have a Greek restaurant in our neighborhood again! So, we walk in last night for dinner, and see a sign saying "Cash Only!".  Hubby ran down the street to ATM & got cash.  While I was waiting for him, I see one of the employees walking thru the parking lot carrying a covered hotel tray.  Looked like he was coming from another restaurant just down the way, or maybe from an apartment.  I immediately thought "uh oh".   I then see TWO different couples walk out without food (they don't have tables, just a couple of counter seats).  I think "Oh crap".  We walk back in, and see the "Kitchen".  Uh. OK. Two electric griddles behind the counter.  A women is peeling strips of store bought gyro meat off a stack, and placing them on the griddle.  You know the ones I'm talking about if you've ever foolishly bought the frozen gyro kit in the supermarket.  That was that.  I turn to hubby, and say "We're out of here!  If I want that crap, I'll go buy it in the damn grocery store!!" Totally disappointed. Unless you don't care about eating pre-formed & sliced crap, heated up on a griddle, don't even bother walking in here.
5	This place is great! A welcome addition to our Monona neighborhood.I stopped in for lunch at about 12:45 on Friday. They have a small menu, but everything looks good and is priced extremely reasonably. There are three small tables that fit 4 chairs each, and several stools for counter seating. The restaurant is clean and the owner is extremely friendly and welcoming. I was greeted right when I entered, and within about a minute, he offered me a taste of the spanakopita.I ended up ordering some spanakopita to go, as well as a Greek salad with Greek vinaigrette. My food was ready in about 3-4 minutes, and my total cost was $7.50. Great! The spanakopita was delicious; flaky pastry, good feta, and well-balanced ingredients overall. The salad was awesome and large; it contained lettuce, tomato, red onion, feta, and green olives. And there was no skimping on ingredients - plenty of everything. I will absolutely return to It's All Greek - looking forward to trying the gyros and baklava next time!
5	Oh Goodness Me!  The gyro/s was amazing, fresh and tasty tomato and the sauce...the sauce.  The sauce has to be homemade, because the tangy twist it has just screams homemade.  Friendly owner, family-learned cook and knows what he is doing.  I'm scared to open the pastitios (sp),  because the speed at which I ate my gyros was like a food blackout.  It was a tasty blur from start to finish.  Don't let the ambiance turn you away, not everyone gets investors and can pour tons of money into the furniture.  I would rather have the focus be on the food, the money will come.  My parting words as I took my food home with me were, "I'm sure I'll be back, this smells amazing"  My final verdict is that, I most certainly will be back.  Thank you and Welcome to Monona.
2	We stopped here on a Tuesday night around 6pm. Honestly, upon arrival, we were about ready to turn around and leave just based on the looks of the place and setup. It  is small with a few tables (used and dingy) for seating, and has a very limited menu, which was sloppily written on the menu board. We ordered two gyros (it just said gryo meat, which was odd) that came with two cups of soda for $6.00 each and a large piece of spanakopita. Our total was $15.00 and the wait was about 10 minutes. The place does not have the feel of a real restaurant, and I wasn't really sure where the food was coming from, which makes me leery. The worker behind the counter was very friendly, but she was literally using a kitchen griddle or two behind the counter to warm the gyro meat and pita bread. I'm not sure where the meat comes from, or if it's made in house, but it seemed like it was mass produced prior to warming behind the counter. The worked then pulled out tupperware containers (like we have at home) with tomato, lettuce etc. and a yogurt container to put the toppings on. The credit card machine was not working while we were there, so there was a delay while it was fixed, which is no big deal. The worker got very frustrated with the machine and was not very professional. We took the food home (we live about two minutes away) and ate it. Very dissappointing. The pita was tough and greasy and the meat was just ok. The sauce was good, but again not sure where it's coming from. I could make a gyro like this (or better) at home. We had to heat the spanakopita in our oven, based on instructions from one of the workers, so we did. It had no flavor - we actually ended up lifting the phylo dough off the top and added seasonings and some parmesan cheese, just to make it edible. I know this place is just getting started and needs to work out some kinks, but we will not be returning. If you are going to have a limited menu, then everything on it has to be fantastic, and this most certainly was not. I would not recommend.
