1	If I could give NO stars I would! This place is so unorganized. I reserved a car to pick up and when I get there they tell me they don't have any cars and ask me to come back. Well obviously I don't have a vehicle since I'm coming to a rental car place. Super unorganized and incompetent staff makes this a VERY irritating situation. I highly recommend to everyone to rent else where!!!!!!
1	I would sum up this experience just how the man behind the counter responded to every question I had due to lack of explanation or customer service skills, "Ummmm...." No product knowledgeNo customer serviceWould not accept my AAA membership number b/c I did not have the physical cardNo understanding or explanation of how the insurance worksThis experience was like watching an episode of the Hills or Kardashians... A lot of staring, blinking, silence and thinking, "what is happening right now?"
1	After renting a vehicle & adding insurance which I had paid 3 days upfront @ $20.99 per day (a total of $72.61) I begin to notice that they also began taking different amounts out of my account daily ($24/$25/$25) after the 3day rental period I went down there and had the insurance taken off of my rental by Robert who gave me no paper work with the discontinued insurance info. The next day they AGAIN had taken out an additional $25 so I returned the vehicle, spoke with the no good CS manager "Jennifer" who made no sense and instead gave me excuse after excuse as to why I was charged for 7days after having the vehicle for a total of 5. The best she could say was "I know it seems confusing" lol. Now to top the cake, almost a week goes by only to see that they charged my account another $145.21 which I of course filed a claim a disputed the charge. However bottom line is I wasn't the only one as I came across 655 consumer complaints against "hertz" in just a years time which a lot of these had been similar cases. As long as I live I will NEVER again rent a car from Hertz and advise others to do the same to avoid this type of inconvenience. STICK WITH ENTERPRISE EVERYONE! I've rented several cars from them and not once have I had an issue.
