1	The BF and I are always up to find open late places on our way back home from work so we were excited to see Mad Greeks drive thru open. It was so hard to even find the information online about this place even existing to make a Yelp listing. I did know it was affiliated with the Mad Greek Cafe in Baker and even with that, there wasn't much about it....what place doesn't have a website in this day and age?! I remember vaguely stopping in Baker and the food being okay, though very salty so I thought this will be nothing like our favorite spot, but it will do. Man, how wrong were we.We got kofta meatball sandwich, falafel sandwich and spanakopita. Spanakopita was filled with a oddly lightly sweet tasting filling, not a earthy spinach and stinky bite of feta. It was reheated and tasted burnt from how long it was in there for. Falafel was burnt, but the filling inside it just didn't taste homemade so it wouldn't have mattered if it was properly cooked. Kofta meatballs were OK though I had reservations about it as the meatballs looked unappetizing. You know when you cook ground meat on the grill and white fats ooze out of it? I normally scoop most off the grill and make sure to nicely char the meat so what is on it becomes flavor instead of grease. They let it ooze and didn't grill the patties long enough to take it off. It has been a long time since the BF and I have ordered something so bad that we couldn't eat it. It also wasn't cheap and that made it even more disappointing that we could have gotten a substantial meal for less. Sandwiches were $7 each and spankopita was $3. I don't see this staying open very long specially since it's close to other Mediterranean restaurants.
2	I really want to like this place. Why? Because I love the Mad Greek in Baker. I get in that long line, never look at the menu, when it's my turn I order the falafel. Never had anything else ... Falafel, tahini, rice, pita, small salad ... It's always excellent!!Went to this locale last week since the outside decor made me think that the food would be as good as the Baker locale. Not so ...The guy said they were the same company, same menu.I ordered the falafel of course. Extra $2 for rice or fries, What?! Ok, I ordered rice. When my meal arrived, there were fries. Good thing I didn't send it back because those fries were the best part. Maybe the turnover is slower but the falafel were heavy, pita was not as light & fluffy, and they were out of tahini so he gave me hummus.I'll give them one more try, even though this visit was very disappointing. Maybe they'll get their act together. This place is far from my home but a lot closer than Baker!!
4	The chicken Gyro is dry and hard, the rest of the food is fantastic.
3	The name "Mad Greek" conjures up memories of roadies to SoCal and those many pit stops in Baker to buy lottery tickets. I only stopped at the Baker location once to get a gyro and thought it to be pretty decent so when The Mad Greek opened on Rainbow my wife (she's a SoCal) and I wanted to check it out. The reviews are mixed!   I ordered a gyro burger which had to be one of the most insanely delicious burgers I've ever had. The gyro burger is a fat burger patty topped with a serious portion of gyro meat, lettuce, tomatoes and Tzatziki sauce. The bun cradled the burger nicely and the sandwich was "drip down your arms" juicy. It was almost too big. My wife ordered a gyro and was slightly less impressed with her meal than I was with mine. The pita seemed to be slightly stale, there was very little feta and not much Tzatziki sauce. She also ordered a caramel shake which was pretty decent but still a little underwhelming.   I would certainly go back to The Mad Greek for one of their burgers, but if you're looking for a great gyro you need to go around the corner to Yassou's. They still have the best gyro in town.
4	my only problem is it says 24 hhours and its always closed when i stop by after the gym
2	I love the Mad Greek in Baker,, the one here off Rainbow,, not so much....  Gyro is ok nothing special, better than Gyro Time but not by much....  Skip this one,, get the one in Baker,, a special treat if you make that drive to LA...
4	I came here with a freebie gyro coupon, and I must say it was way bigger than expected, not dry and the yogurt sauce was tasty, but wish I had a little more, as I ate half and save half for the next day, with no sauce : (   . Yes the average cost for a gyro is $7-8, which is about right... And service was fast and friendly...
3	Ok so at first I would say it's a little over-priced but then after today I guess I can see why you pay $12 for a Gyro Salad.  The salad was fresh and delicious.  The dressing was TO DIE FOR which makes me wonder if their greek fries are yummy too?  The Tzatziki  sauce, while a little too much dill (for my taste) was creamy and had pieces of fresh cucumbers in it.  Salad - fresh romaine, tomatoes (fresh), green peppers, cilantro (fresh), olives - YUM.  The lamb was tender and tasty and so was the pita bread that accompanied the salad.  On a previous occasion I had ordered the Gyro lunch which wasn't quite as good.  Fries were kind of cold.  I've never been inside so can't comment on the dining area/staff.  I would go back for that yummy Gyro Salad in a heart beat though!
1	Horribly overpriced poor greek food.  I have been to every greek restaurant in town and this is by far the worst.  Save your money and time, eat anywhere else but here.
4	Fast food version of Mad Greek on sahara and Durango.  Best appetizers such fried artichokes, wrapped grape-leaves, shrimp/crab puffs. Clean and beatiful.  Try fried artichokes with cucumber sauce
1	Ate here yesterday for a quick after work late lunch. My coworker had a 20 percent off coupon. I ordered a gyro sandwich and instead of rice or fries I wanted a salad .  I was charged $7 for a side salad substitution.  Annoying!  Along with a bottle of water my bill with the coupon was $13!  A bit pricey for lunch.  Food was too salty. Didn't finish most of it. I asked for a sprite on way out. As I was driving my sprite leaked. Cheap cups, my beverage seeped through. Go to mad Greek on Sahara and durango if u wanna go to a mad Greek. They have happy hour from 11 to 7 and their patio is great !
4	Well, it is  fast food greek food, not gourmet, people ! It's not the fastest; they do cook it all right when you order it... at least what I  orderBest BLT in town. Awesome hummus. I don't like lamb but I do love their lambchops!My only 2 gripes are the pitas are pre-packaged and in obvious view and the makeshift menu in the drive through that is broke 1/3 of the time. And the employees could be a touch more happy.  Not sure what it is, but I don't think I'd ever want to actually eat in, but it's not stopping me from the drive through.I'd recommend adding a drink the the meal deals. Because, although it's greek food, $10-15 a meal justifies only a couple of visits per week versus daily.Good luck Mad Greek
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I go here for either lunch or dinner. The gyro's are the best ever!!! The lunch meals are super cheap you just gotta try this place you won't regret it.
4	Tried this location for the first time today for lunch.  I had the Mad Greek Salad; my two co workers had the kefta plate and the mad greek chicken.  I tried a bit of both, and they tasted delicious!  My pita bread with the salad was very soft and fluffy.  I think it's a bit over-priced for lunch, but I would definitely come back!Oh, and they take telephone orders, so you don't have to wait at the drive-thru!
3	Decent falafel, but the sphere-shaped balls were overcooked and the tahini sauce needed some more sesame flavor because it tasted like something that holds bricks together. I think falafel is usually served with the other sauce - Tzitiachi or whatever they call it.  Excellent rice pilaf for $2 extra, instead of fries and huge sandwich for 7 bucks. Drive through audio needs work as girl couldn't understand my menu question. Drive through for a greek joint is a good thing though.
3	Originally intended to cash in a groupon from one of my childhood favorite pizza chains, i drove all the way to the location just to find a 'We're Sorry! We're Temporary closed due to derpa derpie doo' yeah...great...REALLY wanted a pizza...oh well. On the drive home i debated stopping by a number of places but hell just wasnt in the mood. Just wanted to get food, drive home, consume food, sit on fat ass in front of large 42 inch LCD glowing rectangle. Suddenly i remembered the Mad Greek being on the way home. In my mind Greek food is ALWAYS acceptable.First impression was...wow wtf is up with that dry erase board...I really didnt want to look like a clueless moron sitting in my car blocking the drive through menu so i just drove up. Good thing for me the drive through service was a little slow so i had time to score a few quick glances at the menu. Ended up going with a Mad Gyro with fries combo.The wait was pretty long due to the fries being made to order. I could understand that and Greek food isnt exactly known for being super super made to order fast while being good at the same time. Few minute later had my plastic bag with togo box and was on my way.First impression was...WOW the size is pretty impressive. Gyro seems to be overflowing with meat and they didnt skimp on the fries. Second impression...damn it i wanted some hummus for my fries...After taking a bite of the gyro meat i do concur with the other reviews that mention the food being a bit on the salty side. it WAS a bit on the salty side but once paired up with the various chunky cuts of various veggies (and fruit, tomato is a fruit after all) and the yogurt sauce it balanced out quite nicely.A bit on the pricey side but then again this isnt your average burgers and fries kinda place...even though they are structured as such...and there are burgers and fries on the menu.
4	So far , so good! This is the place to eat at when you're trying to sober up,from a night of drinking, LOL, their fries are plain, the gyros are good, nothing special, on the plus, they're open late so we can always get our gyro fix when we crave them, Oh and love that they have drive thru!
2	So I love the Mad Greek in Baker or is it Barstow?! I cant remember but the one you see the road signs build up for 30+ miles when leaving Vegas and you mouth is nearly uncontrollable from watering whe you do finally pull up. That my friends is the good Mad Greek. This one is the bad one. I should of known it was empty inside and no one came in the whole time me and the boyfriend ate or rather picked at our grilled chicken and rice. The hummus and pita were yummy! I'll give them that. I pushed aside my chicken and rice and went to town on the plate! That's prolly the only reason I left full. Wouldn't come back here again.
3	Much better than the ones in Primm and Baker, the Mad Greek Cafe attempts to satisfy the greek craving and to some extent it succeeds.  Many of the options taste very good.  I think what keeps this restaurant from jumping to the next level is 1) there are way too many menu items and no restaurant can make that many items equally tasty.  The non-greek items are often made with a greek spice or flavor much to the dismay of the children eaters.  2) the service is inconsistent.  While the manager (perhaps owner) knows what he is doing, the waitresses often do not even know all the menu items or what item can be substituted for what item.Still, we have never had a bad meal.  Also, they have live music on certain days which looks like it might be fun.  We haven't made it there yet though.
5	I love the avocado burger. So good......
5	Stopped by on a whim...this will be our "Go To" place for Greek.  Zaziki was incredible and the Gyros were Awesome!  The portions are very generous, the selection fantastic and the atmosphere is everything you like about a slightly over the top Greek Restaurant.  Bring your appetite!Our server was very fun and informative, making it an overall wonderful experience.
1	Sub par food. Waiting time is terrible, didn't get drinks for 30 min and food for like 1 1/2 hours. Just cause there's a party going on doesn't mean you ignore your other customers
