5	This is a wonderful church in central Phoenix.  Pastor Dan Yeary is so kind and caring and has a story telling type of preaching so it's easy to understand.  It is Biblically based.  Even though, it's a large church there is something for everyone and every age.  There are so many small group Bible studies available.  People are friendly and they even have greeters in purple vests in the parking lot to assist you.  Sunday Bible studies are at 9 am and church begins at 10:30 in the main sanctuary.  All are welcome!
5	Crash. Sunday nights at 6pm in the Chapel. Scott Savage and Dr., Maxie Burch trade off teaching on real life, practical, applicable ways that we Love, Think and Serve like Christ. Lots of small groups, Bible Studies, and other ways to get involved. Great workout facility in the Family Life Center that only costs $30/month with no contracts. Overall, just a fantastic community of people!
5	Not religious? No problem! We're talking roller skating, weightlifting and weight loss.You see, all this Yelping has helped me pack on the pounds to the point where I decided to rejoin Weight Watchers (I'm a 2-time, lifetime member, going for try number 3, sadly. More than halfway to my weigh loss goal this go-around, though!). There's a Monday night Weight Watchers meeting in the Family Life Center, which is basically a recreation center. As a result of attending the meetings, I've come to find out about all the amenities, open even to non-church members, that go on here at a really reasonable rate!We're talking a roller skating rink (I think it's $3 including skate rental AND you can have birthday skating parties here), group fitness, free weights, a nautilus/cardiovascular room, handball/racquetball courts, a basketball gymnasium, fit express circuit, a games area and more! They even have locker rooms.They're open Monday - Friday from 5:30 a.m. - 9 p.m. and on Saturdays from 5:30 a.m. - 4 p.m. If you're not a church member it's $30/month for individual memberships but the real deal is in the family memberships! A family of 3 or more just pays $50 month. Although there's no Family Life Center membership required to attend Weight Watcher meetings.5 stars for building community and promoting healthy spirits AND bodies!!
5	Been here before to skate and its very nice, friendly, and not crowded by any means :)
3	I've never actually attended a church service here, but this is not only a church but a health club, community center, soccer fields, the staging area for many parades, and even a roller skating rink. My kids basketball teams played and practiced here this past season so I was here almost weekly for practice and games. We also have watched several parades leave from the parking lot including the APS Festival of Lights Parade and the Fiesta Bowl Parade. Everyone who works at the church seems very nice and there is plenty of parking. Plus, if you're going to run on the Bridle Path along Central Avenue, the church is a great place to park. All in all, North Phoenix Baptist Church is a great resource to have in the North Central community.
