5	I don't even think 5 stars is enough!  Can I get 6??  I've been coming to this salon ever since they opened because of Marc Albert.  He's been doing my hair for a little over 15 years, ever since he had Io Salon in Point Breeze.  To put it bluntly, I love him.  I've had almost every red/brown/blonde color imaginable yet with all the colors and cuts over the years, I am happy to say that not once have I ever gone home and cried, which is exactly why I keep going back to him every six weeks!  I've never posted to Yelp before but after the ombre hair he gave me last night I just couldn't contain myself!!!  It might actually be the best color I've had yet, which after the amazing-ness he's worked over the last decade and a half is really saying something with this guy.  It is the most naturally looking ombre I've ever seen, the flow from dark to light is straight up art.  I couldn't be happier!!!!
5	Marc Albert has been my hair stylist for 15+ years. I cannot imagine anyone else doing my hair. No matter what shade of blonde he makes me, I am always receiving compliments on my color (and cut). I just recently had a girl chase me through the mall to ask me who does my hair color and what salon do I go to. By now I should be use to this but this was a first someone ran after me. Marc is truly an asset to the salon industry and amazing at what he does!!
5	I seriously can't rant and rave enough about this salon. I suggest Jeffrey Smith Studio to all of my friends, but mainly because of Chaz. He's a wizard with hair. He's always game for my wild requests. (Going from rich brunette to blonde in a day? Sure, he did it without destroying my hair.) My cuts are always on point and the color is divine. His balayage is what dreams are made of and he KILLS it every time. I always have people asking me who does my hair, and so many people ask if it's natural (hello, bste compliment ever). Not only is Chaz amazing, but everyone that works there knows me, they know my name when I walk in. They ask how my family is, and how my wedding went (I recently was married) and they genuinely take interest. I'll never go anywhere else. If you want amazing hair, you're going to need to make a visit here.
5	5 stars is not enough. My hair is a huge part of who I am. And when my hair is off, I feel off, too. So, when I visited a salon, asked for ombre, and left with chunky, uneven, harsh highlights.. I called Jeffrey Smith after several recommendations, and talked To Sandy, who set me up with Taryn. The best decision I've made!!I was nervous going to a new salon after my ombre tragedy, and Taryn listened to what I didn't like, what I did like, and knew how important my hair was to me. She was so careful... I truly felt like she looked and cared for each strand of hair individually. (This may be dramatic, but her attention to detail should be noted!) After lots of corrective steps, and 4 hours of complete patience.. I was back to myself! I have no idea how she did it, but she turned my chunky hair into smooth, beautiful, NATURAL looking ombre. She truly went above and beyond. Not only did she correct my current situation, she colored my hair better and more professionally than I could have ever asked for.I really can't say enough good things about Taryn and the staff at Jeffrey Smith. They were all so warm and welcoming, and made me feel instantly comfortable. Because of all this I have now found myself a new hair studio! There's no way I'm going anywhere else after this experience. I could not be happier with my results - and highly recommend visiting this salon!
