5	This place kicks ass, It has everything here! Seriously....Oil changes, tire service. A gardening dept. that compairs with Lowes and Home Depot. There also is a Mc Donalds and a Bank inside. This Walmart is the Super/Mega marketplace one, Fresh produce, groceries and other misc. marketplace stuff. All the other WalMart goodies are here to such as clothing, shoes, sporting goods, home/bath supplies, toys, luggage, patio furniture, etc. You can spend all day in this place, I wish one of these was in this area I would be there all the time.
5	One word: Fasion Icon! This place had so many hidden deals it was like the garmet district of LA! I have never found under one roof so many designer clothes at those notorious "roll back" prices. They should rename it: WALHOUSE. Its a fashion house mecca and there are even people that MAKE the clothes in the back. 5 Stars!
4	I know that Wal-Mart gets a bad rap at times, but I need to report how nice they were to me the other day.  I went in there to buy some Christmas presents and found everything I needed and went to pay for everything.  I apparently did not take everything off the kyosk of bags and left one package there.  When I got home and these items were not in the back of my vehicle, I went back down there.  They told me to just go and get two more pair of the item I was missing.  I really felt they were so nice in doing that.  Thank you Wal-Mart.
2	So I found myself in the next city over for a  UYE Tuesday night and needed to pick up some bread on the way home.  It didn't make any sense to drive to the Wal-Mart I usually go to 5 miles the other side of my place.  First off I tried to second guess how to get in the parking lot headed West on Bell and made 2 wrong left turns off Bell and back on and then ended up almost running over some poor folks in a hotel parking lot.  But I got there.So I get inside and find it is one of the latest floor plans, pretty much like the one at 75th and Peoria which I was only in once, so I can't find anything.  This store has brown colored cement floors instead of white linoleum so even though there is plenty of lighting it looks darker.  And the aisles are a little narrower to begin with.  I get to the bread aisle and the only bread that has an empty spot on the 30+ feet of shelves is the one I want.  :-(  So I choose another similar bread and fill the rest of my list and find lines at each register.Because this time all the items on my list were grocery items I cannot really comment on the rest of the store.  I am just glad the one I normally go to is a nicer experience.
4	This is a fun place to shop, and a fun place to be! Why? Well, its clean, and the North Scottsdale clientele is above average to look at if you are a hetero-Dude such as myself. Translation- Hot Soccer Moms! LOL!!! Besides the eye candy, everything is under one roof. I mean, isn't this what America is all about... I was there yesterday & bought some marine supplies for my boat, eggs, beer, a shirt, a magazine, BBQ charcoal, some gardening gear, and some other stuff. Its a wonderland of consumerism, and not low class and grungy like many other locations around the country. I like this place!
4	It is a Walmart Super Store.... It can be fun to people watch here, there is every walk of life. Homeless, Millionaires, Black, White, Hispanic, Cowboys, Gangs, unsupervised kids, armless people, midgets, huge fat guys, etc etc...I go when I need something and usualy go through the garden area. The checkers there are nice usually.
5	There is a personal connection here because when I was younger I got kicked out of my parents house and didn't always have a place to crash. My friend who worked at a walmart said legally I was allowed to sleep in their parking lot because they are always open. I don't know if thats true, but I never had an issue the nights I did have to sleep there. Anyways that was only a couple months, but I have a major love for walmart now...I'm sorry anyone who says they hate walmart is a Liar because I used to be one of those ppl before I gave in. How many places are open 24 hours...not to many. Being a busy girl I NEED THAT OPTION. Ya I'm the weirdo that goes at like 2 am because I work that late and usually don't have the time to go in the morning. This place saved my ass when I needed to pick up baby shower presents and gift cards before waking up 4 hours later to drive out to the party. THANK YOU WALMART.
1	Being stuck on the corner of 19th and bell, I don't have much choice if I need to run to the store quickly and pick something up. But other than that I really prefer not to come here. I don't know why WalMart took out the self check lines (I'm sure it was because of fraud) but the 800 express check out lines they have are filled with the slowest working people ever. I have been multiple time to the same check out lady and she has had to call a manager over for almost every transaction, don't you think you might want to get that figured out. Also, they have tried to install a Costco policy where they pretend to look at your receipt to make sure you "got everything in your cart", when they are just making sure you aren't stealing, but I have walked out of there with tons of stuff while able to pass and then had to wait in a line of 10-12 people to check every ones cart when I only have one thing. I have even been chased down with a bag containing one item in one hand and a receipt in the other just so they can check my bag, get real. I remember one of my first jobs required me to put fliers on cars and we would get kicked out of WalMart within 30 seconds, but it's very common for people to come up to your car and beg for money and let homeless people and prostitutes hang out in front of the store. Overall the best I can say is that this place is just typical WalMart. Their slogan should be "We don't give a shit about you, we already have cheap shit, what more do you want?"
1	This for the Tire and Lube Center @ Walmart. HORRIBLE customer service. Several customers have left unhelped the 3.5 hours I've been here. I talked to the manager the service was so bad, and I've never done that in my life! A car pulled up to the service bay, one of the techs yelled "fuck not another one, go away!" I can't believe this place. Never going there again.
2	Couple things.1.) This is a Wal-Mart.2.) It carries just about everything else, like all other Wal-Marts.3.) It is rather clean and well kept, so that is good in my book.4.) This Wal-Mart is on the Reservation.  Therefore... They cannot sell Alcohol.Moral of the Review?  If you're looking to get some cheap liquor, avoid this store, as you will be flat out of luck.
2	I'm not a big fan of Walmart, I prefer Target hands down. It seems like no matter what location I go to they always smell so weird. I have been to this location a few times since moving into the area. Prices are low but so is the quality, you get what you pay for! My last visit here was with my prego friend Mary who needed to pick up a breast pump she ordered online. I was making her a yummy dinner that night so she also got a couple bottles of wine. Check out was a pain in the ass since our cashier was so slow & the old lady in front of us had a million coupons. Regardless of all the negatives, I'm sure I'll be back!
1	Worst Walmart ever!!! I drive the extra miles to go to another walmar just so I dont have to be stuck at this one! Checkers are SLOW, so the lines are SLOW. There is NEVER more than 4 lines open at once, so naturally the lines are LONG!!!! More than a few times I have gotten so irritated that I left my cart in line and left. Hate this Walmart!!!!
3	It's a pretty typical Wal-Mart Supercenter. They are open 24 hours, sometimes its cleaner than others, some associates are more friendly than others, and they offer a very wide variety of merchandise. The grocery store is okay. I don't do all my shopping here, but it's very convenient to pick up a few items. They also have 2 netflix kiosks, a pharmacy, car services like oil changes, etc, a McDonald's, and addictive popcorn on the weekends outside...fresh kettle corn, yum!
1	Known as the ghetto Walmart. Don't go there
2	I can't stand this Walmart Supercenter.  It's dirty and crowded.  However, it was the closest location to me at the time and they do have what you need and generally its at a low fair price.It's your typical Walmart but I prefer the one in Glendale on 59th Ave & Bell
2	About 90% of the time I come to this Walmart I leave angry.  And I'm not talking like "Oh that was kind of annoying but things happen" angry but more along the lines of "I literally hate this place and would never come here if I didn't have to."  It seems like no matter what day of the week or time of day I come here there are RIDICULOUS lines and too few registers open.  It's to the point where you have to walk up the aisles just to get past the columns of people stacked up in line because they go that far back.  And the lines don't move quickly either.  I don't know how they find that many people who can move as slowly as the checkers here do.  It seriously escapes me.And on top of all that, the parking situation is essentially Minesweeper with shopping carts.  You'll start to pull into a space and there will be a cluster of shopping carts so you're left with the decision....Do I try to navigate around the carts to try to get the space or try and find another spot even farther away?  Neither are very desirable options.  Seriously how hard is it to hire someone to gather the carts?  I wouldn't think there would be a great amount of training required for that position.....The only reason I'm giving this location two stars instead of one is because they are open 24 hours (which is pretty much the only reason I come here, when one of my regular grocery stores is closed) and because they have this one really nice elderly gentleman checker who was actually friendly for a change (imagine that, a Walmart checker with a personality!) and he put my bags in my cart for me without even asking.  I wish I remembered his name but I've only seen him the one time.  It's a shame they don't have more employees like him.
2	I like Walmart, but this one pales in comparison to the one at NorTerra.  From the limited selection to even more limited cashiers everything here ALWAYS seems to take longer than it should and while I appreciate their "one stop shopping" approach I somehow think they'd be better off having more than two lanes open than having an optometrist, hair salon, nail salon, bank, and credit union.  Dirty floors and dim lights plus a large crowd - I'll drive up 7th Street to NorTerra from now on.
1	Just gross.
3	As most wal-marts, the layout is easy to follow and I can usually find what I'm looking for pretty easily. The prices are descent and I love their price matching. However, this particular Wal-Mart is not kept too well. It's just dirty and the lines are horrible. It doesn't seem like this place is well managed because it's not very clean and I ALWAYS see shelves empty or disorganizedOverall, hey it's a walmart and you know where stuff is and that the prices are good, but this particular walmart could use a deep clean and a little more management.
3	The location is just alright, nothing too special about it but it is better than most of the Walmart's in Phoenix, (and that says a lot). A bit busy almost all of the time during the day but still cleaner than most of the Walmart's in Phoenix that are super busy.
4	It's a great Walmart.
1	I have given this Walmart numerous chances and every visit has been the same or worse.Rude employees with the worst attitude I have encountered at a Walmart.Dirty store, with open packages of food on the shelves... Like customers just come in and eat in the isles.So, 3 strikes this Walmart is out!
3	I mean, how GREAT can a walmart be? Seriouzzzzly. I love that they have groceries, and it seems to be way cheaper than Target/Vons down the street. So I definitely come here to shop. Their isnt a large selection of pet products, which is what I also like to go for (want to spoil the puppy!). My biggest critique is the lack of individuals there to help on the sales floor and someone seriously needs to audit the speed of the cashiers. I mean, holy crap.I spent 22 minutes in line behind 2 people with a moderate amount of stuff. I have seen tortoises move quicker. I know its not a race, but jesus. could it at least be a leisure stroll and not a crawl? please fix this. also, the worst one? the older woman who wears the black choker necklace... almost identical to the one I wore in the 3rd grade.
1	I was recently at this Wal-Mart to pick up a poster photo print out that a friend of mine drew for me and my boyfriend for Valentine's day, which she did not sign, for copyright reasons. We went to go pick it up but the photo center lady would not give it to us because we did not have a handwritten letter from the artist stating that we have the right to have it printed. Even though it was not signed, making there be ZERO proof that it was from an artist she would not give it to us. The artist does not live here so a handwritten letter is not possible to get before Valentine's day. It is so ridiculous that she would not accept an email from the artist stating that we had full right to do whatever we wanted with the photo.
1	5 words...get out while you can!!!! It smells like ass, it's in the hood, and I'm pretty sure 1/3 of the customer base are on some form of drugs. They need to call HAZMAT in and declare it a hazard zone. Wish me luck...I'm going home to take a bath in bleach to try to get some of this rancid stank off of me.
2	I am so torn on this location. A lot of the time they have what I'm looking for but sometimes they don't have hardly any selection. I was very disappointed in how I was treated when I came in with my service dog by security. He did not even ask if he was a service dog at all. He just snapped at me that there were no dogs allowed in the store and when I told him he is a service dog he rolled his eyes at me and said nothing else. When I complained to the manager she was. Very rude and pretty much acted like she didn't have time for me at all. She just said "ya ya I'll talk to him. Anything else?" Um yes there is something else. Check the attitude at the door or don't work customer service.
4	This is my Wal-Mart. I used to go to the Christown Wal-Mart before I discovered this one, and the difference is vast. I have heard *one* screaming baby in the entire time I've frequented this store, no yelling and chaos over the intercom, and about 80% less stupid people crowding the aisles. This store is rarely out of things, except they don't seem to stock the beauty section often enough. Definitely a cleaner, calmer version of Wal-Mart than I'm accustomed to.
2	Don't shop at any Wal-Mart late night if you are in a rush, or have a lot of items. They only have 2 lanes open and 1 of them is a self check out. I have never seen a store that made customers wait so long to check out in my life. Their are literally too workers walking around the store and none of them can ring someone up? They watch people wait in line for long periods of time and they could are less.  Don't expect the midnight cashiers to be friendly or have teeth because that won't happen. Don't think you are going to get a "have a nice night" or" thank you" where do you think you are Macy's??
5	I was just recently gifted an expensive watch and needed to shorten a link . Not being experienced in watches I decided to visit their jewelry department where Michelle helped me remove my link without any problem! Thank you SO much !
1	The woman in customer service refused to take my item without a reciept. I called their store from my car, she said it's fine. I went back in and she didn't honor it!!!!
1	Avoid this Walmart at all cost, especially on the weekends. I was appalled by the condition of the store yesterday (7/12/14). The girl's clothing department was an absolute disaster! At least 20 pieces of clothing were sprawled out all over the floor. The little boy's department was also a horrible experience. I had to move several clothing racks & a display just to maneuver my cart through the department. The fitting room & lingerie area had multiple shopping carts filled with garbage blocking the aisles. What a train wreck of a store -- YUK!
1	Nights and weekends are difficult.  The check-outs have long lines, there are no less than 20 items or 10 items check-outs.Their inventory control is terrible.  Many times they're out of items.I was there last Wednesday 8/6/14 and tried to check out, finally doing so at 8:50pm.  Not late at night.  I will not go nights or weekends again, and only if I absolutely have to any other time.
5	Its my birthday and I looked all over for a cookie cake. I called the bakery and a lady had checked and said they had them. When I arrived she was so bubbly and helpful. Her attitude was refreshing and she was so kind. I will definitely go to the bakery at this Walmart again soon and for every occasion!  Wish I would have gotten her name but I'm sure I'll see her again. She really made my birthday special.
1	No walmart is great, but this one is just bad.  Always a cart jungle, damage to cars, homeless people in parking lot, disgruntled employees, and some isles that make no sense.  I went one night while they were re-stocking.  I noticed all the cereal boxes were crushed, and saw a very upset employee literally hurling the shipping boxes of cereal at the ground, very angrily.  If you are mad, don't take it out on my mini wheats...Never enough checkers for amount of shoppers, and they absolutely never pick up the carts from the parking lot....  I would avoid, but no other walmart in area if you need to go...
1	The eye center is horrible. We took the guarantee on my son's glasses and it's over 4 weeeks since my son broke his glasses. We are still waiting for them to get repaired.
1	When we need to go to Walmart, we take our business to the Norterra location. The Bell road location is one of the most dirtiest and unorganized I've ever been to. The customer service is lackluster and the store is overcrowded. I think a remodel is definitely needed for this location, considering how busy W Bell road is these days. It also isn't in the best area, so it is wise to keep an eye out as you are leaving and entering your car.
