5	Love TLC Pet Sitting! Rachel has been taking care of Jasmine for 4 years now and we couldn't be happier. It's such a relief to know that someone is checking in on our kitty while we're away. Rachel always leaves a note even letting us know what Jasmine was up to even when she mostly sleeps the whole time. It's also go to know that someone is looking after the house. Everyone at TLC is so nice and you can really tell that they are animal lovers. Pet sitting is a perfect "alternative to boarding" and I wouldn't have it any other way.
5	Kara is amazing and our sitter, Dawn was fantastic. Our boxer loved Dawn and we felt he was well taken care of and spoiled while we were away. The peace of mind TLC gives pet owners who view their pets as children is priceless. I will use them in the future for sure!
5	Excellent people and service. I never used a pet sitting service before, but I would not hesitate to use TLC again. They are very professional and I could tell they really care about our pets.
5	They did a WONDERFUL job caring for my pups while I made a quick trip back to NashVegas...  Brittany taught Toffee how to fetch AND to bring the ball back!  She created a monster...  but, I'm good with it.  Prices are reasonable for the service they provide.  And, they are so kind and friendly!!!!  I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	TLC's service was great! I had them watch my two cats over two weekends while my roommate and I were gone on vacation. Jill took notes and updated me on their behavior, food, and overall appearance. The were very easy to work with and the initial consultation put me at ease to leave them for such a long time. Price is very reasonable. I will definitely use them again. Thanks TLC!
5	First time ever using a "Pet Sitter" service....and WOW! AMAZINGLY Great! Filled out the online questionnaire (a bit long, but very detailed) and had the first get to know each other appointment. Spend about 30 minutes with Cinnamon going over the dog details. We have 2 great dogs that love people and to play. Cinnamon was very good with the dogs, they were very good with Cinnamon. I have cameras at the house and was able to see what was happening and the DOGS LOVED HER! She played, hung out, did more than I would ever expect! Texted to let me know how things were, was very detailed. Left a 4 page summary of the visits. VERY VERY DETAILED! Will use again, and again! Get service, very affordable, very safe.
