3	Nice decor and a many varied menu items.  Service was pretty good.  I am a fan of traditional Italian food and Marinara is their only red sauce, they even use it on the pizza. My dish was good but I don't think we'll be back any time soon.
3	Went here with my parents after a recent Badger game. Building used to be the old Macaroni Grill - which had a great atmosphere - and the Bucatini still does too.The menu is huge, a bit too huge. Many of the names are italian and not recognized by the average joe - which gave a real feel of authenticity, but made it hard for us to decide on what to try since we had to read the description of everything.I tried seafood pasta - and it was good - but not great. Scallops were small and the sauce was a bit watery for me. My father tried the pizza and it looked pretty good.What threw us off a bit was cleanliness. My water had a fly in it - yuk! My dinner plate had two chips in it - and overall it just didn't feel clean. Our waitress was nice and helpful, but when pointing out the fly she just sort of shrugged and said sorry. Overall it was OK, but not sure how soon we'll come back.
5	The Pizza Margherita was excellent.  Very light, fresh and delicious!  Have been there twice and can't wait to go back again.
5	Suprisingly good.  We went on a night that had half-price bottles of domestic wine and had a very nice red for a very good price.  Food is way above a chain restaurant such as the Macaroni Grill which Bucatini replaced.  My bucatini bolognese had perfectly cooked noodles which are like thick, hollow spaghetti.  It was cooked slightly more than al-dente, and due to the hollow center it was soft yet chewy.  Excellent mouthfeel.  The bolognese meat sauce had meltingly-tender chopped beef, mild tomato sauce, nicely cooked diced carrots, wine and a generally excellent, well-integrated flavor.  This was an outstanding dish both sauce and noodle, highly recommended.  Bucatini with other sauces would be interesting to try, but the bucatini bolognese is a real winner.The house-made stuffed pastas were excellent, as was the tiramasu desert.  The melenzane dish was very tough, probably due to using unripened eggplant..  The breading was very nice, with good bread and very good spicing.
4	My BF lived in Madison so we go and visit maybe once a month, and we grab dinner here almost every other visit.  The portions are nice, they give you a bread basket with a nice herd butter to start.  I have had poor service maybe once or twice, but we usually aren't in a big hurry.  One time the server brought me the total wrong dish and everyone else in our group on 4 the correct item, he didn't even apologize, no manager came over, and no drink or soup or something while I waited was offered.  You would think they would have rushed my pasta out as fast as possible, but NO they didn't.
