5	If you need a new hot water heater, Jim is the guy to call. Called in the morning, he was at my house (early I might add!) that afternoon. Clean, efficient and friendly. His prices are totally reasonable. Call Jim, you can't go wrong!
5	So my water heater goes down on a Friday Night after 9:00 pm.  Wife is upset, kids are mad.  I call and leave a message.  About 7:30am on Sat morning no call back so I call again (at the request from my wife) and he answers.  He tells me he has a lot going on that day including taking his mom out to lunch, can he show up tomorrow Sunday.  I told him sure, not a problem.  After a few seconds he tells me no big deal, he will head over this morning and then do his stuff after he is done.  Within an hour, yes 8:30 he is at my house, hot water heater in truck and its fully installed at 9:30 all for the price of $640.  No other costs, just what he promised and really a nice guy.If you live in the east valley and need a Hot Water Heater, this is your man!
5	This guy is as thorough and honest as they get.  Called back and let me know all the issues of switching from gas to electric. He ended up losing the job because he told me to stay with oringinal set-up which included getting a very specific water heater special ordered.  He calls back and is serious about his work.
5	Our water heater started leaking while I was out of town.  Normally I would do this kind of repair myself, so I was very frustrated.  I found Water Heaters 4 Less on the web and told my wife to call them based on the reviews I saw.  My wife called and left a message.  With the hour Jim had called back and was scheduled to come over later that same morning.By lunchtime, Jim had replaced our old water heater with a high quality Rheem unit for not that much more than it would have cost me just to buy some brand I've never heard of and install it myself.  He ran into a couple of snags during the installation (like needing to replace our gas valve and connection) but had the necessary parts on his truck and didn't change his price from the original quote.  I'm glad I was away and got him to do it.  His price was very reasonable, he was fast and responsive, and his work was good.  We would definitely call him again.
5	My water heater started to leak and I was thinking of doing the replacement myself. My wife said I was crazy and she searched and found Water Heaters 4 Less. I called Jim and he was so accommodating in trying to fit me in to his busy schedule that he came on a Sunday morning and replaced my old heater with a high quality Rheem unit. He was professional..friendly and knowledgeable and completed the installation in no time. I highly recommend him and his quality work.
5	I found Jim and his website from a Google search. I called him and he set up an appointment with me with 48 hours. He was upfront and told me he can only come in two days and that I can call and see if I can get faster service elsewhere. I kept the appointment. He was prompt and he had the water heater and the pan as promised on his site. I shopped around and his was the best deal. He is the company, one person - owner operated.  I think he does a great job providing great customer service at a reasonable price. I am very happy with his service and he comes highly recommended. I hope I do  not need another water heater for at least 6 years! :-)
5	I really like the self employed one-man shows so I was very happy to find Jim here.  Very affable and honest over the phone, his website lays everything out for you, he's prompt at returning calls and knows to ask the right questions so customer's expectations are set in advance -- just spend a few minutes answering his questions, it's worthwhile. He helped my Dad get his water heater replaced the next day after it leaked, even took off $20 when he found out he didn't need to replace something and installed an extra part for free because he felt it would be better for the customer. He's had plenty of experience working for bigger companies and found alot he didn't like. So he decided to go on his own so he could always do a good quality job and that's what my Dad got here.  I highly recommend keeping his number and sharing it with anyone who needs a water heater replaced.
5	I was lucky to find Jim by searching for cheap water heater replacement on Google.  Of course I had my hesitation at first but after seeing his reviews around the web, decided to give him a call.  After leaving him a voicemail, Jim returned my call promptly and advised me he could be out by next morning. Once getting Jim the information he needed, he came out the next day with a 40 Gallon natural gas Water heater for my house.  Jim carried a Rheem brand water heater for my needs.  After reading the reviews out there for different brands, it made me very comfortable knowing that Jim carried Rheem.Jim had my water heater removed, the new one installed and the old one hauled away in just two hours.  He provided one nice flat fee that included the water heater, the typical parts needed and even a drip pan (which I didn't have before and wish I had!).  Thanks to Jim, the process was quick and painless and I couldn't be happier.I am going on almost two weeks with my new Rheem water heater as of this review and it has been running perfectly since Jim installed!  Thanks Jim!
5	This guy is the real deal!  Jim actually answered his phone when I called, and sure enough he honored the price that he quoted on his website.  I cannot respect and appreciate that enough...a true professional that is upfront and straightforward with pricing.  Sure, there are special situations that require additional work/parts and I am happy to pay if that is the case.  That is why Jim requested that I text him pictures of my current water heater configuration.  Jim seems somewhat of a perfectionist, and I can rest assured that he did the job right.PLEASE SUPPORT THIS GUY!  He's essentially a one man show, but a true competent and licensed professional and his prices are great.  All of his reviews are genuine, versus the fake reviews you'll see on other plumbing companies who spend a lot of money on advertising and then try to gouge their customers as much as possible.  So glad I found this company.
5	WHY there are only 9 reviews (as of this review) for 'Water Heaters 4 Less' is a mystery to ME!!!  This guy is FANTASTIC!!!  Listen "person-trying-to-get-a-new-hot-water-heater"  DON'T CALL ANYONE ELSE, I'm telling you!  Just call this guy.  He is sooooo absolutely professional it's not even funny.  I can't say enough good things about my experience with Jim.  Nice guy, friendly, did I say 'professional'?  Profession!  Installed a beautiful new unit for me, complete with pan, new piping, the whole nine yards.I'm very happy with the work he did.  He showed up RIGHT on time, called to say he was outside and went right to work on the install. He also showed me how to adjust the unit in a way that made sense and that I'm not likely to forget or would fear - hot water heaters can be scary... to me... but not now - Thanks to Jim.  Such a cool guy doing hot stuff!  : )
