5	I don't know about you, but I have never once had a pleasant experience shopping for my "intimates". See, I am what you would call "well endowed" in the bust area, and I usually have a dreadful time finding bras that fit me well and offer enough back support without being too "old lady". Before Mervyn's closed (I know, I know - but they were the only ones I knew of who carried this brand I loved) I used to purchase all of my undergarments there...so when it came time to refresh that area of my wardrobe I was stumped. I first thought of Victoria's Secret, but they are the reason I hate bra shopping: not once have I experienced good customer service there... and quite frankly, I think the quality of their bras are crap for what they cost. My MIL told me about Soma Intimates, a new underwear/pajama store in Arrowhead a few weeks ago, but I didn't think twice about it; I chalked it up in my mind to be a complete VS knock-off, and why would I do that to myself?So, the dreaded bra shopping came around, and I was at a loss, so I decided to check out Soma anyway. WOW. WOW. Can I just say 'WOW' again? LOVED IT. I walked right in, ready to be disappointed and offended by pushy sales women who were overly friendly with their tape measures. But no. I was able to peruse their racks comfortably for a few minutes until I asked a consultant for a fitting. She fitted me, pulled out several items for me to try on, and was more than happy to run around the store grabbing more for me while I buried myself in bras in the dressing room. She listened to my concerns and wants and helped me pick out the perfect three bras. Her name was Candace, and her knowledge and help were OUTSTANDING.Now, about the bras. I took them home and washed them right away, and they held their shape wonderfully. There was no bowing of the wire, no wrinkling of the fabric. I can tell that these bras are of very high quality and will last me a long time - which is why I had no problem shelling out, on average, $40 for each. The fit is perfect, the support is absolutely fabulous (my back and posture are already thanking me), and the styles are super cute. I hope Soma sticks around for a long while, because they're now the only ones I trust to supply me with high quality, beautiful intimates. Finally, the search is over!
1	Awful. Went in and told the lady my bra size and she told me I was completely wrong and didn't know what I was talking about. After a few minutes of telling me I didn't know what I was talking about, she then measured me and was quite surprised that I was right about my size. Then she told me that they couldn't help me because I was too big in cup and too small in the waist.  It was an embarrassing and horrible experience.
