3	If you're a work from homer, then sometimes you just need to get out of your crib and find a quiet spot to be all kinds of productive. Sometimes this "productive place" outside the home is a local coffee shop, a cafe or even (gasp) a library. Yes, folks, a library. Where it's supposed to be all sorts of quiet and somber. I decided to pack up my laptop and bring her to the Myers Park library branch yesterday to focus and be productive outside of my house.Here's the thing about the major changes with the Char/Meck library systems as of late, because of the budget squeezes, funding cuts and closings around the county, the libraries are really full at really odd times. Like a Tuesday afternoon. I figured this out yesterday as I tried to grab a cubby and get some work done. No such luck. No open tables, either. And really though, I can't blame them. This particular branch is pretty small and doesn't have a ton of "working" space. Plus, because many of the other (larger) branches are closed on Tuesdays, the Myers Park branch gets a ton of their overflow. Thus, the library was chock full of kids, Internet surfers and folks coming in and out to use their services. I take no issue with the crowded factor, as this branch is clearly serving its community and its needs. Yay for that! Just keep it in mind that this may not be as quiet as you think!The folks who work here are very, very sweet and helpful. Not only did they help me find a few books for an upcoming beach trip, but I also overhead them helping anyone and everyone with a question or issue. As previously mentioned, there is a bank of individual cubbies for the working bees and a few tables near the back if you're lucky enough to score one. Literature wise, this is a small branch. But I highly recommend searching for your books online and you can request that the be put on hold at whichever branch you like. Thus, whichever library that has said book(s) will send them over to the Myers Park branch (or whichever branch you designate online) and they will notify you when they are ready to be picked up. Stroll on over to the branch, pick up your books, hit up the self-checkout and poof! Instant literature bliss.A few other things to note about this particular location: the parking is easy but can be tight when they are busy. They offer free WiFi and have a small, but diverse, selection of magazines and media at your disposal. Here's hoping that the county figures it out and supports our library structure as a whole. They should be open every day, folks.
4	My favorite library in town. It's small, quaint and has a decent selection of books. I enjoy going here with a coffee and read the papers, including all the Charlotte publications (Biz Journal). The staff is very helpful and willing to call other locations to help find books. There is a limited amount of computers, so if you need to use a computer you may have to wait a little bit. My only complaint is that since it's so small it can get little noisy. Lucky for me, I'm not taking a test when I go there :)
3	With the Johnson & Wales library's selection fairly thin on most subjects other than those food-related, I was hoping Char/Meck Libraries would help supplement. Of course I ended up finding the time to stop in on a Tuesday while in South Park and Morrison was closed, so the tiny branch in Myers Park was it.It was very busy, I was quite surprised. All of the computer stations were full, there were lines at the counters, and lots of people browsing (and lots of children).  They ended up not having much in the area I was looking for, but the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and in the future if I happen to need some new reading material on a Tuesday, I won't hesitate to stop in. as Nicole also noted on, I didn't have a problem finding a parking spot, but as I was leaving I noticed it was starting to get fairly cramped. I don't know if there is overflow parking anywhere, but I'm sure they could use it.
