3	Taco Bell and I go way back.  It is not the greatest food by far, but at 2:00 in the morning after a hard night out, there are times I would kill for some nachos.  This location in particular stays open until 3, so I have a good hour after last call to make it.  And it is walking distance from my apartment so that makes me extra happy.  During the recent remodeling, the drive thru stayed open every time I had a need.  And for that, I give 3 stars.
5	Disclaimer: The 5 star review is based on a baseline for the average Taco Bell which frankly isn't the most highly prized food establishment.  I would say only 50% of the time they get my order right and I don't make a habit of eating there but sometimes it's cheap and easy for this vegan.After getting dragged into work for a 14 hour emergency day on a Saturday I was seriously hungry when I finally left the office shortly after midnight. I have had this experience at this particular Taco Bell once before but had long forgotten about it. A few cars were in the drive-thru for some late night nosh, when I pulled up the speaker boomed: " AND HOW ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? " " THAT"S FANNNNNTASTIC!! " " WHAT WILL YOU BE DINING ON THIS EVENING?"(I am paraphrasing). The window/order taker was a riot. I entertained him back an forth, when I ordered a Tostada(no cheese) and a Bean and Rice burrito with no cheese his reaction was " MMM, That sounds delicious! " After 14 hours staring at a computer this put a smile on my face. When I got to the window part of the act was over but they guy was super friendly and honestly looked like he was having a good time.Lot's of people treat fast food workers like they are second class citizens and I haven't figured that one out yet.  If someone can work a late Saturday night fast food job and to put a smile on a customers face while keeping sane then he is a better man then I. To top it off, he had my drink, bag of food,and fire sauce ready and waiting. Uber fast and friendly service. This guy(and late night crew) should make the rounds to other establishments. They could teach the places that charge $9.99(rather then .99) for a taco a think or two.Hit this late night drive-thru for great service and some comic relief.
4	My pregnancy has made me a chalupa fanatic!!!  I recommend ordering your drink with no ice though- sometimes they fill the entire cup with ice and then you are left super quenched!!
5	So you know how some restaurants charge you up the Wazoo for "extra" this or that?Well I ordered a side of extra shredded cheese, tomatoes and pizza sauce and I was only charged 60 cents extra! They filled up each ramican to the very top and did not screw me! There food is great for Fast Food Mexican, I've been eating there every since I got my baby teeth and still love it!
4	New First Meal/Breakfast Review:A couple of months ago the AZ Republic had coupon inserts for Taco Bell's roll-out of their new breakfast menu. They call it The First Meal. Not being a breakfast person, I ignored it. Well, several months later, more and more TBs are starting to serve breakfast.  Soon almost all their Phoenix locations will have it. What can you expect?  Typical Taco Bell faire with some interesting twists. Their big new item, is something call the "AM Crunchwap".  Your choices are either bacon or sausage. I tried the bacon and it's quite good.  It's a little smaller than their normal Crunchwrap, maybe 3/4 of inch.  It's filled with scrambled egg, bacon, cheese and a creamy Jalapeno sauce that gives off a little heat.  Yummy!The key to the sandwich, besides the flavorful sauce, is a very thin circular hash-brown that is in the middle of the wrap.  I liked it and it's priced at only $2.49 each. BTW, breakfast is served until 11 am.Should Mickey Ds next door start worrying? No. But along with their Bacon or Sausage Skillet (Soft Taco) for $0.99, it's a nice alternative.  The Combo meal ran me slightly less than $4.00, excluding tax.  Surprisingly, there doesn't seem to be any decent coffee option.  When I paid, the server offered me a medium drink. Taco Bell's First Meal won't change my habit of skipping breakfast, but I might give them a try every couple of months.Wow, I just gave a Taco Bell Four Stars.  D'oh!
5	What is it about Taco Bell?  It's consistently good, and a GREAT value!!!  I crave their bean burritos, they are so good. I order them with extra onions, gives them a little "crunch". Try their green sauce, it's SO good.
2	I ordered one taco, just wanted a quick bite to eat. The taco is what I expected it to be. The service here really wasn't the best I have had. I was kind of disappointed. I went through the drive-thru, they have two windows, one to pay and one to pickup. I went to the first window to pay. I saw the worker inside the window, but it took her awhile just to even realize I was there. I've been to other company's drive-thru and they open the window right away and say hello. If they are too busy to take your money, they say something. Here, she opened the window after awhile and just said the total. No hello or anything else.
5	Ordered dinner the other night because I was too lazy to cook. Ordered nachos no beans. When I got home I discovered it only had beans, being too lazy to go back I called. I figured they would replace the nachos the next time I was there. I spoke with Jody(manager) she was very pleasant. She said the next time I visited she would take care of it. I went back today and Jody went above & beyond to make sure I was taken care of. The team was also very sweet. Thank you Jody for making sure I was a satisfied customer .
1	Got really sick after eating at this Taco Bell - up all night with an upset stomach after just two chicken soft tacos.  I generally like Taco Bell but won't be going back to this one (or any, any time soon).
1	Oh man. The real question is, why? Why Taco Bell. This is the only fast food I've never gotten sick from. Until just last night...I Woke up in the middle of the night sweating and some sort of uncomfortable smut festering in my lower intestine. Then I knew... Taco Bell was a bad choice. After hours of what seemed like a bad super soaker commercial that was taking place in my very own bathroom. I could of swore the damage was done and I can rest. I was terribly mistaken once again.. With little to no more hope left in my immune system, I drove to my doctor where he then diagnosed me with "shigella". Fun fact: this specific type of bacteria is caused from a sort of physical contamination. To be more specific, human fecies. I recommend that the entire staff takes a workshop on how to properly wash your hands and or learn proper glove usage.Will I return? No. Save yourself the physical anguish. Do not eat here.
4	What can I say? I confess. I like Taco Bell. Usually not a Yelp check-in worthy event though. Definitely not review worthy. Except tonight. The workers on this visit were simply awesome. How often can you say that about a fast food restaurant? I eat at this Taco Bell fairly often, usually just running in for the quick and cheap $2.99 meal deal (a best buy, hard to find on the menu board), motivated by a dining room that is really nice compared to most Taco Bells.On this night I was accompanied by extended family. Two unexpected things happened. First, I was offered an unexpected discount. Nice! Second, we were given some free cinnamon twists, prompted I think by the cute kids we had in tow. Even nicer! A great family outing at Taco Bell! Who knew? I was only expecting quick and cheap, but received much more.
5	OK, I think the person running this place has got the magic touch OR they need to drug test the employees.  Service today was awesome for a Taco Bell.  Everyone was nice, smiling, helpful.  Thank you for bringing back good customer service...you rock!!!
