5	The breakfast is just stunning! The place is a little hidden which gives it a v.i.p.  feeling. The eggs Benedict and biscuits and gravy are absolutely to die for!
4	I love this place. The breakfast special is 2.99 and it is amazing. Eggs any style - great potatoes and a biscuit covered in sausage gravy. YUM !!! You just can't beat breakfast for two at only $10 !
4	Had a men's prayer breakfast there at 7am yesterday which the cafe owner Big Joe graciously hosted. Most ordered the $2.99 breakfast special which includes; 1 egg, homestyle potatoes, bisket & gravey. Really enjoyed it all.
4	Generally I tend to refrain from ordering a pork chop at any restaurant since most people don't know how to cook them without over cooking them, but I figured I would try one of the most difficult breakfast items on the menu... I was greatly impressed! It was juicy down to the last bite. The potatoes were nicely seasoned and the over-medium eggs were actually made perfectly to my order unlike those chainy breakfast establishments. The staff makes sure you always have hot coffee as well. Big Joe knows how to do breakfast right! I'll be back regular for sure.
5	Best gravy I've ever had. Cheap and delicious. Charming kooky movie memorabilia decor and very friendly staff and owners.
3	This place is too close to home not to give it a try, so I went for breakfast this morning. My rating is provisional based on this one trip; I'll be going back at least one more time (maybe more) and hope I can bump it up.First off, the service was exemplary. Pleasant and efficient and prompt.The menu isn't too broad but covers the breakfast bases pretty well. I decided to try the chicken-fried steak and eggs. I ordered my eggs over-easy as it's a good way to check on the attentiveness and skill of the chef. They came out perfectly. The whites just cooked through with no crisped up edges, nice and jiggly, and the yolks oozed glorious yellow ambrosia when pierced.The potatoes were a letdown. They were limp and tasted like they might have been fried earlier and kept warm until service. They reminded me of the home fries one might get in a buffet. And they needed a big boost of salt at the table. That salt deficit continued with the steak. This chef definitely has too light a hand with the salt and pepper for me, and while I can season at the table, it lacks the depth one gets from proper seasoning while cooking.I did not care for the steak. It tasted unseasoned, appeared to have not been even slightly dredged before cooking, and had a slightly odd texture and uneven thickness for chicken-fried steak. I suspect they tenderize their own by hand. I think if it had been well seasoned I might have actually liked it *more* (it's not as if it was tough, just uneven), but without salt, pepper, or any crust whatsoever, it's hard to be sure.The sausage gravy was fine, if a bit light on the sausage for my liking. It also tasted a bit of undercooked roux.So what makes me think I'll have a better impression in the future? For one, those eggs. They really were perfect and speak to the chef's skill. For another, there's a pretty strong vibe in the place (even if it was a little sparsely filled on this unusually rainy morning) that the regulars are onto something here. The service was outstanding and my coffee was brewed nicely. There's more than enough to make me think it'll grow on me.
5	I feel so lucky to live within a few miles of this place! They have wonderful breakfast for so cheap. I order their breakfast special that comes with one egg, potatoes, and biscuits and gravy for only $2.99. Then I order a side of bacon for $2.50 which comes with 4 slices. It's worth it to spend the extra for the bacon because it is so tasty. The bacon is peppered and cooked perfect with a nice crisp but not burnt. And the biscuits and gravy are ridiculous! They are the best I've ever had by a long mile. So for $5.50 you will be stuffed and your tummy will be satisfied!
2	Help was friendly if slow, no refills offered on drinks, no kids menu. Now the food... Homestyle hash browns were really good, biscuits and gravy flavorful with good texture, chicken fried steak had good flavor but wasn't your traditional cfs, no breading, and several gristle lines. Eggs were done to perfection. Portions were small. The no kids menu sucked for us since we go with 3 kids. $29 and change for a family of 5 to eat. Overall fair, but we wont be returning.
3	We always look for non-chain restaurants for a good breakfast.  We tried this cafe out and were not disappointed.  The breakfast menu has most of the typical breakfasts you would expect.  However, if you are looking for a light breakfast this is probably not for you.  Biscuits and gravy and seasoned potatoes were good.  A side of pancakes is huge and would be an entree at another restaurant.  Overall a respectable place to eat if you want to get away from Denny's or IHOP.
5	Great hole in the wall, service was good, food was great and quick. The potatoes were really really good, I would definitely return.
3	This is the sort of place I envision my exterminator going to in the morning, perhaps for a mid-morning breakfast.  The chemical smell is well into his clothes, hair, etc. and the sweat has been dripping, but he goes here for a nice blue collar breakfast.  The other patrons had this appearance, and there were quite a few "work trucks" outside in the lot by the restaurant.  Don't know why some of those guys need 45 mins or so for breakfast, but oh well.Looks like mostly regulars, as the server knows them by name & their drink order without having to ask.  Oddly enough, or perhaps sadly enough, the tables still have little numbers on them so the server knows which table is which.  I ordered broadly on the menu for breakfast and it was all average, and I was somewhat disappointed by all of the microwave beeping noises that could clearly be heard.  Also the TV was a bit loud with The Price Is Right, because my waitress couldn't quite hear the cook hitting his little bell to let her know my breakfast was ready.  Few folks with open carry firearms too, and nobody seemed to care.  Yep, authentic Arizona place here.  Just not for me.
1	My husband and I stopped in for breakfast and decided on eggs benedict for him and the country fried steak for me.  His eggs were underdone and the presentation was skimpy for the price.  My steak was a flavorless, gristly slab of cube steak with no hint of breading or seasoning topped with gravy.  Not at all what I expected.   At $9 it was a disappointment and most of it was left on the plate.
1	Gross. Advertised as best biscuits and gravy in town but a far cry from it. Just go to The Good Egg, US Egg, or even the Waffle House for better biscuits and gravy. The waitress that served us also happened to be cracked out as well - she was scratching herself, was all over the place, even took my glass of water away for no reason and then asked why I didn't have my own glass... YiKES. Avoid this place like the plague.
1	I just got back from my first (and last) breakfast at the Cave Creek Cafe and feel the need to warn others not to waste their money. First, we stood confused by the counter for several minutes. There was no sign about seating. Finally, someone told us to take a seat anywhere. Most of the tables hadn't been cleaned so we didAlmost immediately I noticed the coffee cups she brought us were dirty. The outside of the mugs were stained and grimy looking. It took forever for our order to arrive. I asked for Tabasco and ketchup and was shocked at how crusty and filthy the bottles were. Throughout the meal the waitress popped by a few times, not to ask us how we were doing or if she could bring us anything, but instead to complain that her feet hurt and how tired she was. The other waitress wandering around had a huge grease stain down the front of her shirt.The last straw was when I was eating my breakfast, I noticed a large strand of dark hair (not my own!) in the food. I couldn't eat another bite and asked for the check. To sum up - service was slow, waitress complained quite a bit, restaurant seemed dirty and there was hair in the food.
2	I'm a southern girl. I can make biscuits and gravy. So my opinion is biased. Biscuits get a b+ gravy gets a c. Too thick and the sausage isn't seasoned well. For the price, you get fed.  No one said you get fed with great food.
5	Wow BEST biscuits and gravy ever!  They also have dinner and a movie in wed and Saturday nights. go check it out
2	I haven't even ate yet... 15 min and wow here come my drinks! Hope theft food makes up for the slow service.
3	As you can tell the reviews are all over the place so, I landed right in the middle.First off, yes it is a dive! Not much in the way of decorations and although the place is clean - it just doesn't "feel" like it.Anyway, let's get to the food. My wife and I both got the biscuits & gravy and we were very happy with the flavor and the portion! Two eggs, home fries, & two large biscuits w/ gravy for 5.99. That is cheap! They even have some cheaper breakfast options - one egg, toast, etc - or one biscuit w/ gravy for 2.99 or 3.99, whatever! When places are charging 8-10 bucks per plate for breakfast - this is a nice alternative.The waitress was a bit spacey but nice, service was sloooow however, overall I would stop back. I wouldn't go out of my way for it but, I definitely would go for a cheap meal.Take it for what it is - greasy spoon/dirt cheap comfort food.
4	Just had the country fried steak breakfast platter. Very tasty and generous portions. Recommend for breakfast and plan to come back for lunch.
3	This place is reminiscent of the local greasy spoon or, if you're from Michigan, a Coney Island. Good but greasy food done cheap and good. Biscuits and gravy were good as promised. Grilled cheese was too cheesy. Didn't know that was even possible! :) service is a little slow but I think they were just overwhelmed. When we were sat there were about 12 tables and two servers. I'm definitely coming back. Perfect for a cheap but hearty breakfast.
4	Tasty fare at this mom & pop greasy spoon (literally, she serves, he cooks).  The service could be better (hence 4 stars) but it has a great family feel - think "Cheers".  The regulars frequent it daily for breakfast.  This place has the best biscuits & gravy!  They have several breakfast specials and very reasonable prices.  Love this place!I have not yet tried it for lunch or dinner.  They do have a bar & feature karaoke some nights, too!
1	Creepiest place ever. Just had my first and last experience here. I have NO clue how they're in business. Starting with the fact that there's NO ONE in there ..bad sign number one.Went here based on convenience and yelp ... Wasn't going to get biscuits and gravy so I could care less about that.So, if you're iced tea tastes funny, I'm convinced you haven't had or passed a health inspection in a while. JUST SAYINI think the menu has some good ideas, however, execution is questionable and staff (mother daughter?) are weird as hell... I have flashbacks of the Hills Have Eyes. Pretty sure our waitress was on some sort or drug and literally made me want to spit my food out.I'm giving this place 1 star because we had a waitress who took our order and the food and bill came out correctly.I honestly feel bad for this place, but I also feel it's only fair to let people know my opinion and experience... YOU BE THE JUDGE, if you dare.
3	It's hard for me to pick a 2 or 3 star for this place. The people here were nice, the prices were even nicer. The food just didn't really blow me away.It is a standard breakfast place, food is good, but nothing you couldn't make at home.I know we all can make everything at home if we want/have time to, this place just left me really unimpressed in the food category.Definitely a good breakfast place to hit up if you need to burn time (if you are in a rush, don't stop service is slower because its all about PR/talk to everyone for a long time).I don't like rating mom and pop places low. I definitely would come back to this place if i had to pick here or a chain breakfast place.
4	I'm sad to say the place closed.  And to the reviewer that said the waitress is "on drugs"... Kandy has a disability.  Way to be a jerk!
