5	Best BBQ in town. You have to eat it and you will be amazed. Real BBQ in Vegas, about time.
4	decent little pop up bbq joint here located on 7th at Fremont. part of the LV downtown project here. they got some pretty good pulled pork sandwich here. it's opened for lunch only. n make sure u find somewhere with shade to sit in!! =]
5	loving the grilled bbq chicken
5	Big Ern's serves delicious BBQ. They have the holy trinity of barbequed meats: chicken, pork and beef brisket. All are amazing. And their sides are elevated classics of coleslaw, mac n' cheese and BBQ baked beans. Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo. Perfect downtown spot for lunch. Can't wait to return!
4	I saw Big Ern's in the new business section on Yelp.  I bookmarked it and made a mental note to check it out next time I was downtown.  My go to BBQ order is links, mac n cheese and coleslaw.  I was excited that they had all three on their menu.  It is a small food stand so understandably the menu is limited.  The first time we went to Big Ern's they only had a few of the items on the menu.  The night before was First Friday and they said that it had wiped them out.  We were bummed but understood.  We didn't order anything that day but promised we would be back.  We went back today a little before noon (they open at 11) and they were out of ribs, links and mac and cheese.  I'm not sure if they just make a small amount and it was really sold out or they don't have it everyday.  They made it seem like they had already sold out.   So def try and get there early or call ahead to see what they have.  Our choices were pulled pork, brisket, chicken and for sides potato salad, coleslaw and baked beans.  We got brisket, chicken, beans and potato salad.  They were all really good and the meat had a great smoke flavor.  I just wish we could have tried the ribs, links and mac which is what we usually order at a bbq place.  Both times the staff was super nice and helpful.  I will try them again, but will call first to see if they have my faves.Update: I saw on Eater that they are going to have a permanent location in Container Park.
4	Ern makes some good BBQ. Head over there when the food is fresh so you can get it while it lasts! I've had pretty much everything on the menu, but my favorites are the Rib Tips and chopped brisket sandwich. Grab some beans and coleslaw on the side, and you've got a solid meal.On top of the great food, everyone working there is very nice and they love the BBQ game.
5	Great food and great people- Ern makes the best BBQ- truly spicy and cooked perfect.
4	A great joint in the new Container Park, part of the urban movement going on in Fremont East.  Besides, how many of your friends can say they've eaten lunch in an old shipping container?Ribs are solid, tender, juicy, flavorful, and not tough.  Brisket needs to make up its mind if it's gonna be lean or fatty.  Would prefer the latter.Slaw is odd in that it's a vinaigrette  base as opposed to most creamy slaws you see.2-meat combo was plenty, and nice at around $12.  Quite full from it.  Best of luck to Ern and Crew, and the rest of the joints in the Container Park.
5	LOVE This BBQ - Best ever! I've eaten there four times this week alone! No joke! Great food and great staff as well. BUT, here are a few of my suggestions - 1. Ice Tea please! Sweet and Unsweetened, FRESH Brewed! I beg you! A good brand of tea! 2. 86 the crunchy onions in your beans. The beans are the best I've ever had, but those huge crunchy onion pieces, I have to pick them out! That's just me.  3. Heat the buns briefly. They are stone cold.  4. The mac & cheese - more cheesier please!  Other than  that, I'm hooked and I'll see you tomorrow!
2	One word "SEASONING!" The food was VERY bland and there was no "smoked" flavor on the BBQ. I got the 3 meat combo with mac&cheese again NO seasoning annnd barely any cheese & baked beans (not sweet at all)  :-( . I gave them 2 stars because they did give a good portion size. However a nice sized portion of bland food wasn't the goal. I won't be going back ...
3	A lot of potential lost in the details...Came here last Saturday night and the line was out the door. Took about 30 mins place an order, which was fine by me, because Container Park is just a cool place to be and people watch. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich, order of BBQ, potato salad,mac and cheese, and pork and beans. Unfortunately, by the time we sat down the BBQ was cold. I found it to be dry and bland. I do honestly think if we had eaten it right away, it would've been better. Hopefully, I'll have a chance and revise this review.Potato salad was good (made with olives) and not chunky. Mac and cheese was really odd. I believe it was made with real cheese so it was oily instead of creamy. Just a different style I suppose, but I didn't really care for it. The pork and beans were out of this world! Being from North Carolina, I can't say I've had better back home!I do plan on coming back here, because I see the potential in the food. It's straight forward with fresh ingredients, but they were so packed on the night we were there, I just think the preparation was a bit over looked.
2	I'm a huge BBQ fan! Love the location, but the brisket was literally, all fat... Couldn't even eat it...
5	Great surprise to find GREAT BBQ and downtown to boot. Definitely coming back.
5	OMG good brisket an beans. So very good. Cant wait to go back. Big portions an small prices. Love Love tip get the combo not the sandwich. The meat is different.
5	Fist off, as you walk into the container park, the smell of this BBQ joint grabs your nose and pulls you towards the container on the right hand side.  You walk up the few steps and open the door, and you feel just like at home.  Super polite staff, and an awesome home made menu is hanging there for you to drool over.  Under the menu, you can see the cooks chop, dice, and make up the plates for their hungry fans.  You decide and order your meal, tell them your name, grab your drinks, and sit down and listen to the radio, chatter of the staff and customers, and take in all of the sights of the neat decor.  They call you name, and you pick up your hot bbq.  You return to your table, and your family looks at you like you like you're a magnificent hunter with a feast set for a king!  You sit back and just admire your new collection of smoked meats and sides, and try to decide which one to eat first.  Usually I go for the hot links to put some spice on my tongue, just to wash it down with a fresh draft beer.   Once the seal is broken, you just go in.  Your family gets real quiet, and everyone is just stuffing their face, and enjoying everything on their plate.  nobody has finished their meal, but now the family has strayed to other member's dishes to try a bite of something else, to see what they want for the next time.  Some how, everyone has room for the banana pudding, and they always finish it.  You grab some foil, and some lids, and haul your leftovers out of the place with a feeling of warmth that is surging though your veins as you know, you get to enjoy them later that day or tomorrow's lunch.  Thank you Ern for the wonderful experience of the joy of good, real BBQ.  I will be back....several times.
