5	This is my favorite Subways in town because the bread is always fresh and service is friendly.  They recently upgraded the dining room and there are now cozy booths and more tables.  I frequently go out of my way to visit this shop because they're so consistent and reliable.
5	As a recent convert to vegetarianism, I find myself at Subway often for the veggie patty sub or the $5 footlong Veggie Delite.Subsequently, I've been in a lot of Subways around Charlotte.This is the best overall. I've received consistently fast, friendly, polite and competent service, and I've never had stale bread here.If you go around closing time, they sometimes offer free cookies.
1	Hands down the worst Subway I've ever visited. Not sure if the other reviewer works at this location or not but service here is consistently sub standard.I've visited this location 3 times as it's closest to my house and not only is the service bad, but the portions of meat, cheese, and toppings are always skimpy, or you need to beg and barter for normal portions.They honestly weighed the portion of cheese once to argue that they provided the accurate amount. Of course it came back light but what happened to the customer being right? We're talking about 10 cents worth of cheese?Do yourselves a favor and drive the extra half mile to the next closest Subway. Or, visit the chinese food place next door as it actually has great service and food
4	Decent Subway location... everything is there that you would expect - no surprises here.  The nice thing about this location is the ample parking, well-kept inside, and friendly sandwich artists.  I did notice that the fresh cookie cabinet was fully stocked... I think some other Subway locations around the area have smaller/less diverse selection of cookies.
5	I do not venture into a subway often but today I did.  Today was a particular day, I was working on a project with a group and I stopped in to bring back some lunch. Unannounced I walked in the Kings Square Subway and ordered 11 foot long subs at the end of a normal lunch time.   They seemed to be a little busy at the time and had a somewhat full store.  The young lady helping me, Brianna, was very helpful and kept a smile the whole time while making my large order. Another gentleman mentioned in the future that I could have called in my order to save me the time waiting.  It was a nice gesture and in hindsight I should have probably should have phoned in my order since it was so large. When they started to assemble my order they started to get very busy.  At this point I was feeling crappy since my order was putting everyone in the weeds.  Stepping back I watched while they put together my order all the while serving over 20+ other costumers.   Being in the restaurant business I appreciate their hard work and know what it is to be in a busy restaurant.  They handled it well and the manager (gentleman in the black shirt) held his team together and banged it out.   I was in and out in a matter of minutes with my large order and it was perfect.  Thanks guys.
4	This subway is quick and convenient! I have never had to wait a long time, they usually have about 4 sandwich artist working during lunch time (only time I have gone). I like to stop by here to pick up a quick lunch and be on my way. I hate that you have to park on an incline , but even though the lot is small I have always found a space. It's a good alternative if you need a quick lunch and don't feel like dealing with the horribly designed metropolitan across the street (like seriously who designed that parking lot)!
4	I have eaten at this Subway several times when I have to  go to Charlotte to visit my Mom when she has been hospitalized to avoid the high cafeteria prices of the hospitals.I had lunch here today an even though it was very busy, the line moved quickly. All employees had a smile on their face and were very friendly and pitched in to keep the line moving. In no time I had my Buffalo Chicken sandwich and was eating lunch.I also like that Subway now has a 6" sandwich and a 21oz drink for lunch for $4,$5, or $6 depending on which sandwich you order.I don't know who owns this Subway, but he/she is doing something right!I wish the Subway near my house was as fast and friendly as this one!
5	Best subway in charlotte.  The owner is always here and always says hello.   Cant beat the hospitality.
1	Awful!!!! The owner kicked out my 9 year old daughter because of her service dog. When my husband tried to explan she was a certified service dog he could care less! My poor daughter left in tears. When I called to complain he just berated me over the phone as well.
5	Best subway I've ever been to...the staff is always fast, efficient & friendly.Even during the busy lunch rush when there's a line it moves quickly without a long wait.  I go weekly during my lunch hour.
4	This is probably the best Subway around. I've been lunching here for a long time and my meal is always good. The Manager and staff are friendly and the store is always very clean. Lots of other people are regulars here too.
