3	Sole is no different than any of the other shops on Multrees shop: branded items of foot wear at quite high price. You will find your UGGs here and your nike sneakers. Everything trendy for the season. However, if you feel like walking head down to other store on Princes street which have the same shoes slightly cheaper. Although I find it pointless paying a price for a little branded sign (let's face it their quality is not that great) this is a good reference point to browse in and then once you find a style you like to head elsewhere to actually find it. Unless you really really want them. Right now.
2	My brother is somewhat of a shoe-fanatic (and he's straight! if he wasn't my brother i'd be married to him). Thus, we always go into this type of shoe store. It's quite trendy, and all the staff have hats on and slumped jeans (so you just know it's cool). However I really wasn't too impressed with it. Yeah they have a great selection of trainers etc , but i think it's a niche market that was wasted on lil ole me.The ironic thing is, Matty, my bro, wasn't impressed either. This sort of shoe shop is aimed at people like Matthew but it passed him by.I think it's trying to be something it's not  - being on Multrees Walk gives it a bit of a stigma, which it is trying but failing to live up to.
4	As far as shoe shops go, Sole seems to be yet another solid option alongside the likes of Office and Schuh.Like all these shops, you'll find a decent selection of shoes with own brand alternatives to compliment the pricier styles.Nothing more to say really, a top shop.
4	Sole is one of those shoe shops which would cater to your mums sense of being a good deal, you're dads desire for strong sturdy shoes and to your sense of style and what you want.A huge selection of shoes, alternative shoes and trainers - as it has been mentioned before, much like Schuh and Office.A decent shoe shop, which is a pretty good compliment from me.
3	The type of shoe store that you've seen 100 of before, and will likely see 100 of again before long, Sole sells middle to upper prices shoes, to people of the middle or upper range of trendiness and earnings.I'm actually boring myself writing this...
4	Sole is a rather predictable shoe shop and it's not quite as glamorous as I like my shoes to be so I don't usually frequent it that often. I haven't worn trainers for years and I don't really do enough sports to merit buying a pair so I'm usually just in pumps or heels. A few weeks ago, however, I saw a lady with a gorgeous pair of high top Adidas trainers on, they were brown with the Adidas symbol all over them and had a gold trim at the back. She'd teamed them with a cute dress and some tights and I just HAD to have them. I have such a brass neck and went up and asked them where she got them from, thankfully she seemed more flattered than freaked out and told me she'd purchased the beauties in Sole. Bingo.So, I popped in to see if they were available and I couldn't believe my luck when I saw them on sale! Woohoo! The only problem is that Adidas adult sizes start at a size 4 and I'm a size 3 but they didn't have this range in childrens sizes. I tried the four on and it was actually quite a good fit, I took this as a sign that it was meant to be and made my purchase. I'm so glad I did because I love them!The staff in this branch of Sole were friendly and I didn't have to wait too long to get served plus the fact that my trainers were on sale makes it even better.Overall, if you're looking for a new pair of shoes or trainers in designer makes then head along here as they have a great selection of Adidas, Nike, Fred Perry and all the other usual suspects.
