4	Surely, I've eaten at my fair share of egg themed Vegas restaurants, so I'm here to tell you that Egg World whisks the proverbial yoke. For starters, I'm giving it a solid 4 for both environment, and most importantly, tasty eggs. As soon as you step in, adoring, helpful and attentive ladies are there to guide you into the decision making process (omelet's, skillets, and scrambles), and all the way up to (but not including) the belly rub.And the best part truly is the food. Homemade Chorizo! I didn't believe it until I tasted it. Wow. The chefstress even presented my scramble by sauntering out, dish proudly held high, confident that all my senses were to be seduced in this moment, seduced by her home-cookin'. If you, like me, shutter at the words "home fries," this place will change your outlook and make you a believer. They're light, crisp, seasoned, and delicious.And cups of coffee? More like jugs of coffee, and given constant attention, love and warm-ups.In consideration of the early risers, and lonely business men who abound at this place, there's a bar just inside the entrance with CNBC streaming to a TV, which reminds me, "Oh yeah, that's why I'm up this early... time to make some money." Is that a Wifi hotspot I detect? Certainly is. Day traders, the self employed, and mamma's boys will love this place.
1	Egg Works..Egg and I, Cracked Egg, and now Egg World. I went  there thinking it was the same thing as the before mentioned breakfast restaurants but I was surprised to find out that they were in no way associated with one another. And to no surprise it was apparent that Egg World doesn't live up to the others. Bottom line, keep driving down to the real Egg and I on Sahara.
4	On point.That makes 3 stellar experiences and 1 "what was that all about?" The later aside, you truly are a chorizo scramble Godsend, Egg World. And your crepes are overflowing with delicious berry nectar.In addition to my comments from before, I'd like to mention how comfortable their space foam booths are.
4	I came here on Saturday for breakfast. I knew that since this place is still new that it wouldn't be as busy as most breakfast places in town. I was right.. there was only one other couple in there when we got in which was nice. The decor is tastefully done I just didn't like when they turned on the overhead fans because things were blowing off the table a bit. I was going to just order crepes but my husband suggested I do that as a side order because he wanted some too. We decided on their Sundae Crepes it had banana, and strawberries in them. Those were huge especially if I compare them to IHOP crepes. I'm not one to complain though...the more crepe the better! They were really good too! I had an Omelet that had tomatoes, bacon, cheese, and topped with avocado. It was good but it was missing something so I asked for some sour cream on the side. ..perfect! It also came with a side of potatoes which reminded me of the ones at the Cracked egg. They were just as delicious!My husband had the Denver Omelet with a side of hash browns. Judging from the empty plate he liked it ! His only complaint was that the coffee tasted funny...I tasted it just to check. It did have a weird after taste to it. I liked this place especially because they offer crepes. I think they are pretty good competition for the other breakfast houses in town!
5	This place is GREAT!!!! There is nothing like a perfect breakfast, Great Coffee and tons of tv's showing football on a Sat or Sun.It's been our weekend hangout since we moved here and the service is completely wonderful and entertaining.They have dishes for everyone from standard egg dishes, crepes, pancakes, griddles and skillets. Even the pickiest person would have a hard time not finding something totally mouth watering on the menu!!!See ya Sat!!!
4	Still on the search for the best breakfast place; I can't say this place is the one but I can say that I came hungry and went home satisfied. My bf and I ordered the create your own omelet. I got mushrooms, olives, and cheddar cheese on my omelet and it was very satisfying. The omelet comes with your choice of bread and choice of potatoes. I suggest the house potatoes because they are seasoned to perfection. As for the prices it was reasonable, but the orange juice is pricey for it not being large. $3.50 for fresh squeezed orange juice seems way too much! I would most likely come back here and try some of the crepes since they looked so yummy.
3	I always get the spinach omelette with house potatoes.  The portions are generous - way too much food for me, especially early in the morning.  I do finish all the potatoes though - the house potatoes are the bomb.I wish they would offer some pancake combos, because the pancakes are pretty good.  Breakfast here usually comes out to about $15 per person for some reason, so a little on the high side.
2	I wasn't impressed at all. The servers are helpful. But the freshly squeezed juices are horrible. If your going to charge me $4 it better taste freshly squeezed, hand picked, and good. As far as the crepes I wasn't too impressed. The omelets were dry. Plus the food was pricey. I don't mind paying more for good food but this place just doesn't cut it.
4	Great coffee, good service, owners are nice. Food is quite good just not 5 stars.
1	Cold food cold service.  Go to Egg and I instead. They can't even be bothered to actually spread your butter on your toast before serving it! Cold eggs cold hollandaise sauce on your Benedict.Total waste of good money!!!! I've eaten here at least 4 rimes thinking that it might get better after opening. Guess not!
