5	Went here for their soft opening last night and had an amazing time!  This is definitely going to be the new hot spot in downtown Phoenix.  You absolutely have to try the Solero, it's one of the best cocktails I've had in a long time.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Wow, wow, wow! What a great new addition to downtown phoenix. Ross Simon the owner is a cocktail genius  & is ready to please your palate on so many levels. From a Book O' Cocktails to the food menu this is going to be the new hot spot in town. I was lucky enough to enjoy a sneak peek Friday night and started off with a Singapore Sling & the house popcorn (amazing!!!) the marshmallow dessert comes on a graham cracker stick served with a side of melted chocolate! So amazing. The cheese/charcuterie board is complete perfection. The ramen with cuttlefish is like nothing in Phoenix. Make this your first stop when they open their doors on May 30th. It will be a must go to place!
5	FINALLY!  Arizona's been waiting WAY too long for something of this caliber - incredible!  Service, staff, and the best part....the COCKTAILS- mind blowing and spot on!!  Thank you Ross Simon and crew
5	A world-class cocktail bar neatly tucked into the historic grandeur of downtown Phoenix. Try a classic, or let the bartenders prepare one of over 60 cocktails on the menu. Tip: Bitter & Twisted also serves food until 1:30am!
5	Fantastic drink menu. Very well thought out and lots of attention to detail.  I was there last night and the drinks were amazing.  I just saw a few negative reviews below, but I don't think you can judge a place on it's opening week.  A line out the door and a 5-deep bar with people is a good problem to have, albeit an initial inconvenience.  Things will calm down after a few weeks.  They should give it another chance.  So, glad this bar is finally open!  Phoenix needed a place like this!  Thanks, Ross!
5	I was lucky enough to attend the Sneak Peek a few days before the official opening.  I must say it was amazing! I had the smashed chips which are spicy but in a very flavorful delicious way! The punch that was the special of the night was spectacular.  Service was amazing and I love the booths!!  I can't wait to visit them again in the future and try more cocktails and food!!
5	So today was my second time at Bitter and Twisted.  The first being an early soft opening and the second being their grand opening.  On the soft opening I went to I had a wait.  A considerable wait.  That's ok.  I understand that a restaurant uses soft openings to refine their systems and work out the kinks.  I know that my drinks will be discounted, my food will be comped, and the reason for this is that the restaurant or bar is using me as guinea pig.  These are the trade offs that come with soft openings.  They are not to get you in the door and try their stuff for free or discounted rates.  They are to refine their service.  With this said I expect good service and quality product on opening night when you have had multiple soft openings.  Luckily Bitter and Twisted delivered on their opening night.  Every drink I've had here has been strong, delicious, inventive, and delicious.  Also the drinks have been delicious and inventive and delicious and strong.  I've yet to try something there that isn't one of the tastiest drinks I've had in Phoenix.  It makes me a bit sad to see a few negative reviews dampen the beauty and creativity that has gone into this bar.  I hope the rest can see past a few people who don't understand what a soft opening is and see what the rest of phoenix already gets.  Bitter and Twisted is a next step in Downtown Phoenix as well as Arizona.
2	This place is a reminder that everything that glitters is not gold! A friend and I stopped in after work today and being frequents of the downtown scene we were quite excited to try something new. Upon walking in I was amazed by how nice this place looked! It appeared to be a gem! However, my positive thoughts end there. I was not greeted by the hostess. In fact I stood right in front of her for a good 5 minutes before she was even willing to look up. During this time another party had actually walked out due to her treating them the same way. It was busy but it wasn't super packed- no excuse for her behavior. We then waited about 15 minutes to be seated. Once seated, we waited about 20 minutes for our server to even introduce herself and take a drink order. We had to track down the hostess who was able to locate our server and get her to us. Another 20 minutes later we received our appetizer. 10 minutes after that we finally got our drinks we ordered with our food. Honestly, can't tell ya much about the food or drink because I was so irritated by the poor and slow service. The prices were a bit high which I would be ok with if the service wasn't so horrible. Not sure yet if I'm willing to give it another try. There are too many wonderful places downtown that I'd rather be at.
4	Went here after work with some friends.  The staff was friendly and the drinks delicious.  There were a few hiccups with service but It was the grand opening and the issues were mainly due to technology problems. Hopefully they will get it worked out.  The meat and cheese platter was delicious.  I'm still thinking about it. We also got the smash chips which were quite enjoyable.  I'll definitely be back. Hopefully all the hiccups will be smoothed out and I can change my review to 5 stars.
1	Showed up at 10:00pm, several tables open and seats at the bar; was told it's a 30-45 minute wait. Sorry but you already seem too pretentious, for someone that lives walking distance, maybe I'll see you again during happy hour on a Tuesday - maybe. Don't forget you're a bar in phoenix not NYC. I'm already bored.
2	If pretentiousness is your cup of tea this is the place.  Beyond that it's hard to see any attraction.  You'd think hoity-toity would be better quality.  Pedestrian premiums hardly justify pricey airs and attitude.
2	We sat at the bar. We waited 5 minutes for someone to lay down a menu and  waited another 10 minutes for the bartender  to take our order. It took another 10-15 minutes for the drinks to be made. First impression was the place itself and the drinks were nice but the service was sloooow.Our friends joined us and we ordered another round. 10 minutes later, no drinks, and the bartender came back and said he forgot what we ordered. No bueno. I understand these drinks are complex but they weren't even busy, just unorganized. And you guessed it, another 15 minutes from ordering (for the second time) until we got our drinks.On a positive note we ordered the burger and tacos and they were really, really good. The bartenders were really cool, super friendly so I hate to bag on them for the slow service but it was bad. Will I come back? Sure, just not for a while. Hopefully they find their flow.Update: Somehow ended up back here a week after my first visit. I warned my friend who wanted to try it about my first experience but she insisted. After waiting 15 minutes to be acknowledged we left. The service here is a joke! I've had better service at jack n the box. Get it together soon! Doubt I'll ever come back.
5	The Ramen is a must try.  Staff was nice and the space is very warm and inviting.I went by myself but it felt like I was with friends.
5	Amazing is the only word that comes to mind. This one-of-a-kind cocktail bar located in the heart of downtown Phoenix is raising the bar for the Phoenix cocktail scene. I have had the opportunity to try a few of the 70 STELLAR artfully crafted cocktails in the 24 page Book o' Cocktails, and each is equally as good as the next. If you like drinks on the sweeter side try the Lime in the Coconut or the Tiramisu... But one of my favorites is the Kaffir Lime CC--House infused kaffir lime gin and house made lime cordial carbonated and served straight up.The food knocks it out of the park as well. The Hurricane Popcorn could be one of the most addicting things I have had in a long time. The Ramen and the Smashed chips are a must as well.I'm not sure what everyone else is griping about--the service was above and beyond each time I visited.I think some people fail to realize that these are not your average pre batched cocktails. Each is hand poured, hand shaken, hand stirred, hand muddled...are you seeing a pattern? Give an extra minute or two -- each drink is made with love. A MUST TRY for any one in the downtown area.
2	I can't believe there are so many five-star reviews. My friend and I showed up a little after 4 PM on their grand opening. We each had a drink over a nearly two-hour period. Would we have loved more drinks? Sure, but alas it wasn't in the cards for us.The service was incredibly slow and inattentive. I don't believe that "it's opening day" should be an excuse, especially for an establishment that has had as many soft launches and special events as Bitter & Twisted did. Your PR team helped you blow up in the press. Assume you're going to be busy and have the staff to support that.As for our drinks, my friend couldn't order the Lime in the Coconut, because they were out of the coconut base. It's the opening night, and we showed up right when you opened. How are you out? Again, no excuses. Make sure your stuff is in stock on opening night. I ordered the happy hour Tom Collins, and my friend ordered the Bramble. My drink came first and I was basically done with it by the time my friend got her drink. The server said that they had to "make the blackberry syrup," but we watched the bartender make the drink super belatedly and he definitely just pulled the syrup off the shelf. Methinks the server forgot to put the order in. Were the drinks worth the long wait? No. We watched the bartenders make our drinks, and the alcohol was certainly lacking. Furthermore, you have a 24-page cocktail menu, but you only put one drink on happy hour? Everyone loves happy hours, and a lot of times people won't splurge on drinks until they vet them on happy hour pricing. You have oodles of cocktails; give the masses an opportunity to try them. Outside of the drinks, the food menu for happy hour seems legit. In fact, we were going to order food, but our server was more rare than rain this time of year. Also, we saw servers bringing dishes to other tables. The price didn't match the portions, so we decided against food.At that point, we figured it'd take a century to get another drink, so we called it a night. Of course, cashing out also took a century.The establishment is beautiful, and the cocktail menu is incredibly enticing. The food menu, while ridiculously highfalutin, is intriguing. For these reasons, I'll give them another whirl. If they want to thrive, though, they should take a page from Clever Koi and offer weekday specials, beef up their happy hour menu, and sincerely re-examine their service.
5	What a beautiful building and awesome atmosphere.   Cocktails are over the top and music is super cool.  Great vibe all around.    Love the preservation of the historic building.  Food is great and good price point.
5	Amazing spot for libations and delicious cuisine.   Friendly and knowledgeable staff that is very customer service oriented.   A must stop while in Downtown Phoenix and well worth the drive for the experience.
3	Yay a great new spot for downtown! We were excited to check them out on opening night but I'm mostly looking forward to when they really get their groove. Me likes: decor | booze | food Me didn't really likes: The menu was a pain in the ass to read in dark lighting, so we gave bartender free range of what to make us and just asked for something whiskey based....he kinda just walked away....like walked away with no actual acknowledgement. Is he telling us to f*ck off? Is he making us drinks? Should we order from someone else? I hope he brings us drinks because the cocktails look great. But then he came back with three cocktails so we were at least happy with that. It took us a little while to order some food, so by the time we could order, we were only able to order the late night items. I ordered some of the loaded chip type dish they had (sorryyyyyy I just can't recall the actual name) I watched my food sit at the bar for quite some time and watched so many of the employees kind of hovering around the area before the bartender finally handed it over. I know I know....it was opening night, but.....it wasn't awesome but it wasn't bad. [fingers crossed that it will be 5 stars next time]
5	Went for a drink with a friend on Tuesday night. Liked it so much I took a group of 15 the next day for my birthday. Server Beth was great and kept us flowing with food and drinks even when it picked up and was really busy. Fun drink menu with options anyone will like. Server was well trained and did a good job recommending drinks to the newbies. Love the atmosphere and the good is unique and flavorful. The chips were my fav. Will definitely be back.
5	Awesome place to go cool atmosphere and you won't find any better cocktails in Phoenix for sure if u are in the down town location please check this new place out you won't be disappointed
5	Awesome cocktails. Great atmosphere and better cocktails. Will definitely frequent Bitter and Twisted, try it, you'll love it!
1	I would give more stars but apparently you need a reservation. .... For a bar...  That's right. Reservations for a bar. There's no standing allowed at a bar. So we went to BlueHound instead. I highly recommend BlueHound though.
4	Great utilization of a space that needed to be reborn. Seating setup is versatile-cozy for a couple or select a giant booth for groups. Drink menu is a bit overwhelming as it's pages of options but loved what we ordered. Service was friendly. Lots of staff on a busy Friday night. However, made us wait at bar for a table and when they sat us we saw that there were plenty of open tables in the seated area-seemed pretentious
5	This is my new favorite bar in Phoenix! They have 49 cocktails and an impressive menu of both originals and classics. Delicious food, too. The Solero was my favorite drink (so many still to try!), and for food I loved the ribs and also the bread with homemade braised-carrot butter. They offer reservations (even for small parties), which I definitely recommend for Friday/Saturday nights. It's a beautifully designed space inside the Luhrs Building (1924). Thank you for opening up this wonderful spot in Phoenix!!
4	This place will do well.  Warning, currently it is mobbed by downtown hipsters and lawyers.  I've heard complaints from people about the wait for a cocktail.  What they don't seem to realize is that this place specializes in craft cocktails, so the idea is that each cocktail will be a bit of a wait.  If you like, you can put your name on a list, and wander around a bit in the 115 degree heat and they will text you when the table is ready.  The food is hit or miss.  I like the cheese plate but the components are less harmonious than usual:  ham spread, chocolate covered corn nuts, a pear that I think is poached in wasabi, a hard cheese and a soft one with some charcuterie.  The short ribs remind me of sweet and sour pork in a good way.   Deep fried covered in a vinegary sugary sauce.  I didn't care for the panda tacos.  They didn't contain pandas.  What it did contain was peanuts, fried anchovies and chilis.  You then wrap them in a lettuce leaf with jalepenos and pineapple slices.  Cute but when I want a taco, I want a taco.  Or some vegetables, not necessarily peanuts.  This is a welcome addition to the down town scene, I have a feeling that I will be there quite often.  Although probably on expense account time, it's a little spendy with cocktails generally in the 14 dollar range.  Classic cocktails are about 10, with the option of upgrading them to a higher price point with better liquor.  The menu is expansive, something like 24 pages and probably hard to read if you are above the age of 30 and have bad eyesight.  The bar tenders will steer you in the right direction though if you are lost.
4	My partner and I read various reviews of Bitter and Twisted before we decided to visit. It seemed that most people online felt the service there was lacking. Our experience was quite the opposite. Our time at Bitter and Twisted was stellar. Our drinks were delicious. The owner stopped by and was very friendly and grateful for our drop-in. The bartenders (there were three working) were all very friendly and accommodating. We stopped by Bitter and Twisted on a late Saturday afternoon. This was during Comicon weekend and also a D-Backs game. Upon entering the establishment, there were only about 6 other guests in the whole place. When we left around two hours later, the place was over 3/4 full. I'm glad we went when we did!The building and decor are beautiful. The employees are hard to recognize as there is not really a uniform. It seems that they all wear dark colors (?). The drink menu is expansive. It appeals mostly to a foodie or gourmet type. The food menu is a little too foo-foo for myself and my partner. That says a lot as she is a french-trained chef and myself, I am a school administrator who, in a past life, worked in hospitality for over 10 years. We love food and drinks! We love to learn about them too. However, the food menu was a little too complex for us personally. The owners could have made their food menu a little more pub-grup accessible. Beet & egg? What is that?! If the staff had time to discuss items with us, we probably would have been adventurous enough to give something a chance. However, the bartenders just don't have time to give a descriptive sell to items on the menu. And we weren't into looking up definitions of food items on Google during our visit. :) All in all, we were impressed by Bitter and Twisted. The staff was knowledgable, the location was great.  Remember, all drinks are certainly hand made. Our drinks took about 7 minutes to make and deliver to us and we were sitting at the bar. Allow that kind of time before you decide to ding the service. The employees and owners of this place obviously have a passion for gourmet cocktails. They have an "ice program" after all. And no energy drinks in the place. This is not your average watering hole. Nice job, Bitter and Twisted. We will definitely be back!
4	Among the best Old Fashioneds I've ever enjoyed.  I really hope this place gets the support it deserves.  Amazing location!
1	This place is aptly named.  I was Bitter and Twisted when I left.The waitress smirked when I asked about a life threatening allergy, was sexist towards women, and the place had a horrible wait while the table we were eventually seated at was open for 45 min.The service is rude, rude rude.  Do not eat here.  The food is mediocre and not large enough for a meal and the drinks are all ice for a $10 plus cocktail.  We were quoted to have a 30 min to 45 min wait and ended up waiting an hour and a half!  The reason why we didn't leave was because  the table we eventually ended up sitting at was clear for the last 45 min of our wait.  We kept thinking, just a little while longer.We had a party of three and for the first 20 min two of us sat at the bar because that was the only seating space.  We tried to order and the bartenders ignored us the whole time we sat there. When our other friend showed up we were forced to stand for an hour and ten min right in front of the door.  They have no seating for people waiting. Just a railing for maybe three people to lean on.   If you don't have a reservation, FOR A BAR, then this place will not serve you well.  My friend ordered a water and the waitress said yes then ignored him for 45 min until she had to serve us.During that time at least 10 groups of two or more people were turned away because of the insane wait for already open tables.  The music is loud crappy electro swing.  If Bitter and Twisted wants to go with the classy jazz age, I suggest some Ella Fitzgerald or Duke Ellington.  Looping a hack DJ set of electronic head throbbing "jazz" does not create a chill ambiance, rather just a headache.  Once we were seated at the table, which had been open for the last 45 min, the waitress  tells us that we  need to wait for water because this horrible business does not have enough clean water cups.  When I order my food I ask if their eggS (plural)  and beetS (plural) dish is large enough for a meal.  "For you it will be."  I find it sexist that just because I am a girl a meal for me should consist of 4 potato slices that are no larger than two quarters and barley make up 1/4 of one potato, four dime sized pieces of  a beet, and one hard boiled egg is a meal for a woman. I had been waiting for an hour and a half!  The dish should be called one egg and 1/8 beet.  I had to fill up on water and the ice from my drink.My drink was a ten dollar ice cup with a little lemonade flavored alcohol garnished with a mint leaf.  My friend has a deadly food coloring allergy.  He wanted to taste my beverage.  When I asked if there was any food coloring in it, the waitress wrinkled her face into a very unbecoming sour puss crinkle and said no.  I'm sorry that you, waitress, were offended by a question that could save this horrible establishment a legal nightmare and my friend his life.This place is too cool and busy to serve you.  If you are anorexic and enjoy being treated like shit you might like this place, otherwise stay away.
5	Best night I've had in a while! Me and my girlfriends decided to try out this awesomely named new bar in Phoenix, Bitter and Twisted. We had heard how big this place was going to be and so we made a reservation a few days before planning to go. Upon arrival, it was pretty packed but our table was ready and in a great spot. We were given the cocktail menu and immediately started debating with each other on what we should get. We all like to order different drinks and try them all so we can decide on our favorites. Lets just say we each had about 5 different cocktails out of a selection of 50 plus to  choose from and i must inform you. WE LOVED THEM ALL! I haven't even begun to tell you about the food, which was also incredible. This place is a MUST TRY if your in Phoenix or anywhere near it. FIVE huge stars to this awesome new bar that I am truly calling my favorite new spot to get drinks with my ladies.
2	Pros: Drinks and DecorCons: Expensive, very long wait times, inattentive and condescending staff.Two of us went last Saturday evening to meet friends and the hostess told us the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Our friends were already inside and came out to get us, but the hostess wasn't happy about it.  We probably wouldn't have gotten in if our friends hadn't already racked up a large tab.  Hostess said something about fire code only allowing 125 total people in the bar, which may or may not be true.The cocktails are pricey, but pretty good.  The decor and building are excellent.  Overall, expect to be treated like you're at the front door of an overrated Scottsdale club (all that's missing is the red rope), which is very a-typical for the downtown area and won't be put up with for long.  Long unnecessary wait times and condescending staff also don't help.  I won't be going back for a while until they crowds and hype die down and they start getting desperate for business.
5	What a FANTASTIC new place for downtown Phoenix!!! I predict this will be my new favorite place!!! I've been in 3 times and have had nothing but wonderful drinks, interesting but delicious food, and friendly service!!! The cocktails are all handcrafted and absolutely delectable!! My favorite is the Kaffir Lime served on the rocks! I have also enjoyed an Old Fashion and many others on the menu. Although it has Been packed a few times I've tried to go in.. It will not deter me from trying again. The food and especially the drinks are well worth it!
4	Ok guys, here's the deal. It seems that a lot of people came in opening day and were turned off by the craziness. I get that. But give this place another try! I went here yesterday at around 4 (when they open) to check out their happy hour. Their happy hour is very good, it includes one special drink of the week (this week was a vodka based bramble with blackberry) for 6$ and a page of their 'market' cocktails for 6$ ( these include your choice of fruit in a caipirinha, collins, frozen marg, or mojito). You really can't beat that. Additionally, they have great beer specials (schlitz for 3$... the husband was happy), food specials (most items discounted), and the happy hour lasts until 7!!! Even on Saturday!! How awesome is that? Now that that is settled, I will tell you about my experience. The husband and I went yesterday. We sat at their very pretty and large bar. The owner was mixing cocktails and came over, shook our hands, introduced himself, and was generally pleasant (and the accent... love it). I started with their lemongrass collins (not on HH, but it had ginger so I had to try it... 10$) - this is a solid drink. It is humongously large, gingery and fresh tasting. I was a fan. The husband got the white russian (which, like all of their classic cocktails can be made at 3 levels of booze quality - economy (10$), business class (or something else clever?) (12$), and first class (or something) (16$). He had the basic, and he liked it, but it wasn't his favorite russian ever. Anyway, then I had the special bramble (HH - 6$) - so delicious. I would definitely get this again. Then, against my better judgment, I ordered the tiramisu martini (12$). This thing was like dessert... chocolatey and creamy from the use of mascarpone cheese with a slight coffee and, of course, booze flavors... it was good stuff. At this point, I had certainly had enough and was feeling just fine. We left after paying our bill of about 40$... 40$ for 5 drinks is not bad guys... especially for hand crafted specialty cocktails. This is not your typical neighborhood bar, this is not applebees or wherever... it is not outrageous to ask 10$ for a drink. I encourage you to check this lovely new bar out, I will certainly be back!PS I have now been back every week for like 2 months.... the cocktails of the week have been generally successful, with my favorites being the strawberry lemonade cocktail and the orange concoction... so good and dangerous... The people who work here are true professionals, the bartenders and owner recognize us, remember our interests so we can have good conversations, and are just generally friendly and down to earth people. They truly care about cocktails and you can tell by the way they talk about them. But the real reason I'll continue coming back.....Ramen. Burger. This thing is legit. I told a bar mate (that I didn't know) that this burger tastes like pure joy.  It is messy and packs a ton of flavor. It is savory and has (I know this sounds ridiculous) umami flavors and some good spiciness... combine that with the crunchiness of the fried ramen bun.... you can't beat it. Other food items here just don't compare... the pork belly is good, but if you eat the whole thing by yourself, it's too much of the same flavor, the fried chicken is also alright, but nothing crazy delicious. The smashed chips are very good (and a good deal on happy hour). The potatoes come out crispy and delicious with several sauces including a spicy sauce, a horseradish sauce, and a green herby sauce. It's overall a tasty dish. But seriously... just get the Ramen Burger, you'll be happy.
5	love Love LOVE this new pub!  So different and fresh- especially for downtown PHX.  The atmosphere is classic like a great bar in NYC or Chicago.  Really like the Scottish touch.  Bartenders were super friendly.  How ironic that amongst all the great beer and spirit offerings you can get a bottle of Schlitz!  Will definitely make this a regular hang.
2	I really... Really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere gets 5 stars, their novel like menu gets 5 stars, the actual taste of the cocktails gets 10 stars, but unfortunately the service brings this establishment down to two stars. The more time I spent there the more "bitter & twisted" I seemed to get. I understand that there is a wait for "craft cocktails" but 20 minutes? We placed an order for the short ribs and 45 minutes later asked for the order to be canceled and for our check. They seemed to have more bar backs than bartenders and whenever a bar back or waitress happened to ask of if we needed something (to which we always responded yes because of the 20 minutes of being ignored by our bartender) the order never seemed to get to the right person. I will visit this place again... Maybe in a few months when they get their act together - or maybe next week to see if my yelp review makes it to the "mean yelp review of the week".
4	I was visiting from Southern California.  I read some of the recent reviews regarding the service (or lack of) and the "long" waits.  However, I personally found that the service was fantastic and there was no wait.  Granted, I went on a Thursday evening with 4 other people.  Several times the servers passed out table and asked if we needed anything.  As far as a wait, the place was wide open for evening cocktails.  The drinks were great, try the "shot in the dark" and let the bartender surprise you with something!   I can't review the food since, we were their just for drinks.  I'd go again, and don't let those first reviews deter you from going.  On the drink board the even list the "worst Yelp review of the week" which is quite hilarious.
5	Great cocktails and service! The ambiance of the place is very simple and chic. I want to come and sit at one of thebig booth tables for a party. There are at least 5 more cocktails I want to try out on the menu. I will be back for more with friends. Great job!
4	Went early on their opening night in an attempt to beat the crowd.  It worked but the service was still slow.  The atmosphere is stellar and the drink menu is extensive and had an interesting layout (potentially difficult to read and understand if you're a newb to high end cocktails.  I hesitantly ordered the Old Fashion; it's easy to mess this drink up, but was thoroughly pleased with the outcome!  I'd definitely return.
5	ross simon make the best ramos gin fizz in the history of mankind!!!!! jealousy has over taken me!!!!!
3	We tried to check this place out the weekend of ComiCon but it was packed and the hostess recommended a reservation.  So, we waited a few weeks and did exactly that.  I read the Yelp reviews and was "ready" for some issues.  The first half hour or so was fabulous and I was all set to write a those-people-are-whiny-bastards review.  And then things went downhill.  The good: Drinks are fantastic.  The drink menu is a small novel and the first two pages are the owner's creations.  Between the five of us, we sampled nearly all of them.  Innovative, fresh and well balanced - a cocktail enthusiast's dream.  We ordered a number of things off the menu and overall, it was tasty but the food doesn't hold a candle to the cocktails.  The bad: I'd say the "service" needs work but we were pretty sure it was just our server.  We ordered the corn dip without bread crumbs to accomodate a gluten-intolerant person in our party.  Literally, a half hour went by and the dip hadn't arrived and we asked the waitress who assured us she put the order in.  The dip came out about ten minutes later and it was obvious that she'd forgotten to put it in AND it had bread crumbs on it.  People make mistakes and that's totally cool.  But what bothered us most is that she didn't own up to it.  Her attitude changed after we asked about the corn dip and she seemed pissy and short.  She then proceeded to screw up a very simple bill split and we ended up having the manager fix it.      We did speak to the manager about the above issues and he was extremely apologetic, appreciative of our feedback and very friendly.  Will I go back?  If the "need reservations" thing is always, it's unlikely.  There are plenty of places to drink at CityScape that don't require reservations and I have not yet reached the point where I can justify (or want to justify) reservations just to have drinks.
3	I went on a Friday night of the second weekend they were open. The food was interesting and good enough. I ordered the Kraken. We also had the cheese board, and my friends ordered the Ramen and Smashed Chips. The best meal from my party was the Ramen by far. The Cheese Board did have some interesting (in a good way) items on it, which made it stand out from others. The drinks were decent, however not the best I have had. I much prefer Lux or Rum Bar. The drinks were good, but if a place is going to call itself a cocktail parlour I would expect better. Drinks also took kind of a long time to come out. They were busy, so waiting for that first round is to be expected. For the second round our waitress didn't come by until our drinks were empty, and they took awhile to get out to us. The atmosphere was a little strange. Something about it just didn't feel right. I feel like it just doesn't have a good downtown Phoenix vibe. Seems more Scottsdale. If I was nearby or a friend wanted to go, I would go again. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
1	We had a reservation for 730, were seated by 8, and the waitress didn't come by to take our drink order until 830. For $12 drinks and no draft beers you should at least get some decent service.
1	Make sure you make a "reservation" as you are not allowed to "stand" in the bar area. Would have liked to enjoy a drink but the half empty establishment had too many reservations and due to their asinine no standing rule we were offered two choices 1) stand in the corner in time-out without a drink for an hour or 2) find someplace else to drink.So we decided to walk across the street and find another bar that allowed standing. This isn't hard since most places in the world will allow you to stand and have a drink.B&T must have a slamming anchor tenant deal because serving anywhere remotely close to their capacity is clearly not interesting.Just remember "Summer is coming..." And you are going to need patrons.Good luck!
2	This place is definitely nice but it lives up for its name, bitter and twisted! The "No Standing Rule" needs to go! This place has potential but they need to get it together.
5	My latest favorite downtown watering hole.  They are masters in the art of mixology.  Simple quality ingredients blended with quality liquor (as an example their "well" bourbon is Buffalo Trace), they pride themselves on consistency.    The drinks are handcrafted and priced very reasonably, from $6 to $16 on average, based on how high on the shelf you like to drink.  They can make you a simple Vodka Soda if that is your thing but take a look at their extensive drink menu or tell them what your favorite base liquor is and what you don't  like and they will mix something up for you.  They offer a selection of canned and bottle beers if that is your thing and several wines including a few wines on tap.    B&T has Happy Hour daily from 4-7p which had several drink and food specials.   They offer up several tasty food items.  Thus far I have had the opportunity to try the Seoul Fried Chicken (watermelon kimchi,  yes please, it is light and tart complementing the chicken very well) and have stared longingly at their pork belly entree.  Also check out their specials board for weekly drink specials and the latest "Mad Yelper" quote. This place is no dive but it is FAR from pretentious.  Their drinks only look fufu or cloyingly sweet, you should never judge a book by its cover. If you are looking to get 'crunk' and only like to drink bud light and do shots of fireball I recommend you stick to Hooters or Tilted Kilt.  If you are looking for a relaxed unpretentious atmosphere and a couple of quality craft beverages DO stop in.
5	First off, most people don't know what they are saying. The English guy behind the bar is very attentive and his wife makes the best cupcakes I've ever had. This place deserves six stars, however, yelp in all it's wisdom only allows 5 so that will have to do. So take your girlfriend and "bite her and twist" your way down to this place if you have a sane brain cell left in your head. It's no accident the accidental connoisseur is the second best thing besides the English bloats wife's cupcake that you will put in your head here.
5	Food, drinks and staff are  all awesome
4	Overall I love this concept.  The space is immaculate with tall ceilings, concrete pillars with wood chips imbedded from the 20's, and the curtains & lighting are sure to impress your date.  Has been a month since they opened so it was just a short wait to get a booth at 9pm., but still a full house.  Staff were attractive and friendly.I see this as a favorite watering hole when in the downtown core with dim lights and great music.  The plush couches keep you lingering for another drink.  We did not have any food on this trip, but I want to come back.Having lived in NY, my critique of the drinks is set at a high standard given B&T is named  a "cocktail parlor". I think they need to figure the ice situation out.  Each drink felt like a buffet of ice. Yes it sounds petty, but small ice melts fast and waters down the cocktail within a couple minutes.  The "Old Fashioned" quickly diminished in taste after a couple sips as a single large cube is preferred with any whiskey/bourbon drink.Secondly, ordered a caipirinha that came out in a highball packed with ice that lost it's intensity within a few minutes.Some of the barware seemed mismatched with the cocktail and there was even fruity drink served in a tall pilsner style glass that was reminiscent of TGIF. Like all restaurants that open there are kinks to work out and the execution will improve with repetition.  I put the ambiance at 5 stars and cocktails at 3.5 stars. Still some work to do to keep pace with the competitive cocktail culture in downtown.  Can't wait to figure out what their signature cocktail that they'll be known for.
4	Definitely a place to keep your eye on. Went there when they had only been open a few weeks, so obviously they are still working out the kinks. As someone who understands mixology, this place excited me for sure. Their drink menu was a bit overwhelming, but definitely in a good way. Fun book to look through, and a lot of different things to try. I forgot the name but I had the drink with tequila and coconut foam and wow! I savored every sip!Okay, now for the good and the bad. I'll start with the good. Quality of EVERYTHING was good. Decor, ingredients, vibe. For food we got the meat and cheese board and I'm a charcuterie girl and was impressed. The only thing I was disappointed in was the service. I cut them slack because I know they just opened but it was still kind of shocking how many errors had happened. We had to ask for every item we ordered TWICE. But get this, the servers all had tablets that they put all orders into. So, instead of just simply putting our requests into her tablet she said yes, walked away, then forgot. Almost every single time. We walked into there ready to order a lot off the menu, but it was a lot of work to get her attention and time so we left with more money in our pockets than we expected. But, other than that, I loved it and have been recommending the place to many.
4	This place is amazing. I loved both the cocktails I had, one I chose myself and one off bar tender Jasons recommendation.  The menu is so extensive it makes me want to get back on OK Cupid to make boys buy me drinks here. That's how much I want to try everything on this menu.  This place is so good it squashing feminism.
4	Visited with friends for some cocktails. They were so delicious and innovative. We had four folks and we each ordered two different cocktails so we could taste a wide range. All delicious. There isn't really enough variety on the food menu to allow for a group to get a meal so we ordered snacks to share.
4	This is a great new spot.  The cocktail menu is intimidating at 24 pages, but helps make for a fun experience, especially for infrequent drinkers.  You'll feel like you're one of the cool kids here.
4	Great drinks - wonderful atmosphere.  Still new so service is a little slow.  The 24-page cocktail menu is very impressive and it's hard to pick what you want to try first.  Very high energy with a bit of a 1920's nightclub feel.  I will definitely be returning.
5	So the board in the bar used to have a spot for the mean yelper of the week... I can't knock it, so mean = the bad reviewers wouldn't know a great cocktail joint if it fell on them like Dorothy's house in the Wizard of Oz. The atmosphere is both modern and classic at the same time. It pays homage to the Luhrs tower that contains it, and prohibition era swank.The bartenders are skilled and engaging. The drink menu extensive and the food items creative.Busy on the weekends, so be prepared. But take the leap and grab a beverage.P.S. my friend thinks Zack is 'the bees knees'.
4	The hours stressed me out a little because every time I wanted to go it wasn't opened. Don't worry, third try is the charm! It's everything I want downtown Phoenix to become. Clever cocktail names, exposed brick and cement columns, friendly wait staff AND food service until 2:00!! It's a bit pricey so I wouldn't go for more than one or two drinks. Great spot to start the evening.
5	Came here for a drink after dinner. The dim lighting added to the atmosphere, but made it difficult to read the extensive menu. That ended up being a good thing. Our mixologist, Jason, was excellent in making us different drinks we would have not normally chosen, but were all amazing! A place you don't want to miss out on in downtown Phoenix.
5	Seriously in love with this place and I have been here way too many times since it opened. GREAT atmosphere, the food is delicious-seriously, the Seoul Fried Chicken??? The smashed chips??? Tsukemen Ramen and the Barbecue Pork Calentado? All SO DAMN good!Their cocktails are great too. Their drink menu is something to behold-check out the "Cocktail Map" at the back to chart the best drink for you. I could down Classic Collins all night because they are so refreshing. The Solero is like a passion fruit 50/50 bar. You can't go wrong with a blackberry mojito. So many options so little time and money!The atmosphere awesome, they place good music. I really had my doubts when the opening of this place was announced. As much as I support downtown Phoenix, I was convinced that Bitter & Twisted was going to be lame and suck ass. I could not have been more wrong. I can't believe that downtown has something this cool. Don't get me wrong, we all love Blue Hound but this is a worthy counterpart to give downtown more of a  desperately needed coolness vibe.The ONLY negative is that they put WAY too much ice in their drinks to the point that I don't feel I'm getting best value for money. So they really deserve 4.5 stars but I love the place so much that that is not going to stop me from coming back again and again and again. You can't go wrong with drinks or the food and that's a rarity. I highly recommend coming in and showing these guys some love.
4	I love seeing downtown come around. I went to this place on a Thursday around 7pm and plenty of seats were free.  Drinks are great and the food was excellent.  I would have given this 5 stars but our server was not the best.
5	Because of B&T, we discovered the joy of cocktails.  We are still as nerdy as ever, but now we come here and map out our drinks, whereas before we used to stay home and map out dungeons in D&D.   It'll cost a few gold coins, and there's no Elven Ale served in this tavern, but coming here is definitely an adventure.  They have a few gluten free items on the menu.  I like the meat and cheese platter, though it's not completely GF.  The staff is friendly, patient and helpful.  The drink menu....it goes on and on...  My favorite is the Mon Cherie, a dazzling mix of chocolate and cherry that manages to be sophisticated and haunting.  The Godfrey is a favorite.  Speaking of haunted, my husband used to work in the building and informs me that the building is reported to have a ghost, though sadly not in the restaurant area itself.  The place has a wonderful old-timely atmosphere, so rare in Phoenix.
3	Food was great, service mediocre and cocktails uninspired. Sorry, I really wanted to love this place, as I love cocktail bars, but their food out shown their cocktails. Our server was far from pleasant and forgot about us after more tables showed up. Hats off to their culinary though as food was excellent!
4	Excellent cocktails. Everything was great until our second round- no water or drinks for about 20 minutes. However, manager was great and took care of the second round for our inconvenience. We will be back.
4	Extremely enjoyable. Music was varied and of a decent volume. Food and drink came out in a decent time and was of excellent quality. I will come back for sure.
4	B&T is the best looking bar in the Phoenix metro area.  Thanks to the 4 star review, we walked across from City Center to this 5 week old establishment.  I can't think of another bar that offers an open, 2 story space with floor to ceiling exposed brick behind the bar and huge grey cement columns that keep the nearly century old building in place.  It's truly worth stopping by for a drink just to enjoy the space for a few moments.  Plus everyone that works there is ultra friendly and polite.  B&T lacks any pretentiousness, which is extremely rare in craft bar settings. I had 2 (1 was not enough) Tickle My Dickels, which were light and refreshing whiskey based concoctions.  The Mojito my wife had was equally excellent.   But the Tiramisu......that Tiramisu drink was otherworldly.  It's mixed with all kinds of stuff that I couldn't keep track of, but it tasted like great tasting Tiramisu and that's all that matters!We also snacked on the smashed chips, which are thickly sliced potato chips with crispy outsides and moist insides and topped with avocado and other tasty southwestern style stuff.  The menu looks excellent in its utter lack of needing to be mainstream.  A burger with a Top Ramen bun?  That sounds amazing and is on my list of things to try there.   *Tip 1*  Happy hour runs from 4-7 on Saturdays, for cheap guys like me**Tip 2**  Make this place a stop on your Downtown Phoenix pub crawl.  I will definitely be adding it to our usual Christmas crawl
4	Friendly and intelligent staff. Awesome atmosphere. Drinks may be expensive but worth every penny.
4	Lime and the coconut is the best cocktail I've ever had. Great place for after work (although don't expect great deals during happy hour). Food was unusual and not great, but the drinks were definitely worth another visit. Nice ambience as well.
4	Fantastic food and wonderful drinks, B&T is a breath of fresh air to the downtown Phoenix night scene. So much down here has limited night/weekend hours, I was rather excited to hear about this place. The first time I visited was about a week after they opened. I had a drink (classic caipirinha) and a bite to eat (the baked hangover - a delicious bowl of bready, saucy goodness topped with an egg that I was very sad to see had been taken off the menu when I returned). The music was a bit loud on my second trip in, but then again it was a Friday night so it maybe should have been expected. It has a cool industrial feel that you can't really find anywhere else in the area. Overall, B&T is a great place to come for drinks and, if you're willing to splurge a little, some food too.
5	This place is a-w-e-s-o-m-e!!!!!!!!!!!!! Some may say there are too many drinks on the menu but I look at it like a playground! I love to hopscotch all over the menu bouncing from spirit to spirit! The atmosphere is industrial and fantastic. I cannot wait to see more of this place. Prices are great for what u get.....
3	(Lyrics - Roger Daltrey - Bitter And Twisted)I can try to Bo Bites itI can think whatever I likeI can try to better youCause I"m hungry and ready to eatAll my life I've tried new drinksNever tired and never resistedAnd now I'm Yelping all the timeAll I ever want is Bitter & TwistedBitter, Twisted, BitterTwisted twistedBitter, Twisted, BitterTwisted twistedBitter & Twisted is a cool little cocktail spot located in the heart of Phoenix.  The place itself reminds me of a New York uptown swanky bar.  Trendy and welcoming once you walk right in.  We sat at the booth side of the restaurant.  My partner ordered a Whiskey straight up, while I went with a Whiskey Berry Jubilee.  The cocktail menu reads like a book; literally!  In the back page they have a guide or gauge I guess I should call it; to let you know what drink to order based on how you feel for the night.  In the end, I thought the drink menu is interesting, but definitely too big.  Think Cheesecake Factory menu....For food, we order The Kraken, charred cuttlefish, with glass noodles, thai basil, and crispy shallots and the Angry Panda Tacos, sichuan chili, jalapenos, charred peanuts, crispy anchovies, scallions, pineapples and mint.  Seems like a lot to say, but the Panda tacos worked well. Spicy, sweet and minty with a crunch from the peanuts, very refreshing bite.  I didn't really care for the Kraken; just didn't take like much plus the cuttlefish was to big and chunky.  Overall an okay experience.  Service was decent, but the place is a cool just for chilling. - Enjoy!
5	First off, sit at the bar. Introduce yourself to a bartender and make yourself comfortable. The menu can be overwhelming, but the bartenders will walk you through it and answer any questions you might have. Like tequila? They have a drink for that. What about gin? They have a recommendation for that, too. Even if you don't know what you want, they will have something you will enjoy. Just look above the bar for a seemingly endless selection of spirits. They also have a nice wine and beer list on the wall. If you like cocktails, you will love this place. It's nothing fancy, but it doesn't have to be for people to enjoy it. The drinks are reasonably priced, too. Oh, and they list a "Yelper of the week" on the menu. I hope I make the cut! To Bitter and Twisted, cheers.
5	Great booze, great bartenders,  fun atmosphere and tasty snacks! A must stop in DT Phoenix.
5	Hands down the best muthafuckin bar in Phoenix!All around five stars!  Service, food, cleanliness, decor, COCKTAILS... the cocktails are phenomenal.  I've been here twice already in the one week I've known of its existence - both times were a great experience.  The menu is obviously well thought out and the cocktail descriptions make is so difficult to settle on just one... so you can't... you have to settle on at least five and then call Uber to come get you.  I love the bartender/owner!  He is so genuinely grateful for the customers that come to his place.  He also has an awesome Scottish accent and it doesn't matter what is coming out of his mouth, it just sounds awesome.  Seems to me this guy could have opened up shop anywhere but he chose Phoenix and I thank him for that, we were in desperate need of a place like this.
1	Well.  Was told to visit for the most professional drink in town.  Go to B&T.  What a joke !   Insulted and profiled with my boys by some clown. "You sure you want to come in here".  Ross the "owner" starts the experience    Well your drinks were to sweet , no balance    Evrything tasted like the Weak service !!!   Worst service in 10 years in Phoenix.   Keep it up Ross.!!!
1	Bitter&twisted lies.   Ross you where selective with guest.  After you rudely treated us and now give us excuses.  We watched you question nobody after us.   Weak!!!!!!! No help to downtown! !!!
1	Your not being truthful now Ross. We watched you question nobody after us!!!!   As mid age business men not young concert goers, your excuses match your arrogance. Your style and energy are poor examples of how a business should be run. Hospitality is obviously not your strength.  Cool space, weak selective service and excuses!! Bitter and Selective!!!! Good luck in the future
5	Finally tried this place and we had such a fantastic experience.Atmosphere and the building/space was awesome. Music was great and perfect volume. Service- friendly, upbeat and knowledgable. Della was our server, very attentive without being overbearing and had great recommendations. They seemed to all help each other which is always refreshing to see. The staff we interacted with were all super sweet & fun, including two others we met named Beth and Roman. Food & drinks all came out quickly. Cocktails- all it was cracked up to be! Huge selection. Perfectly executed classics and hand-crafted in-house specials. I also had a non-alcoholic drink (great selection of these by the way) called Elderflower Press. SO yummy & refreshing. Food- overall really good. We got a selection of small plates to share, surprisingly very affordable and such a unique menu. Our favorite was the dish called The Kraken. For dessert we couldn't choose between the unique spin on S'Mores or the Root Beer Float....so we got both. Delicious! I would recommend making a reservation. We did so online, super easy, and they gave us a big beautiful booth all to ourselves :) We left feeling very full & happy, thank you Bitter & Twisted for a wonderful evening!
1	This place S-U-C-K-S!!!  Can't get a table, can't stand, can't get service. The staff, owners, etc...rude beyond words. I think the only reason there r any 5 star reviews is either family, friends, staff, or people were paid to post them. The later it gets the more they profile against darker skin color. Don't foresee these D-Bags making it very long by running a business this way.
5	This IS the best motherfuckin' bar in Phoenix!! And Brian is the best MF'in bartender. Good times, great drinks, and amazing service!!!!
5	After visiting I can tell that Phoenix as a city is growing in sophistication.  This Place is hitting so many notes that most people can't even notice aside the ones that absolutely have to go out of their way no matter what time in the morning to explain; e.g. myself (it's 4 am ). It has trend, isn't fake, and the bartenders are some of the best I've seen from presentation, smiles, and concern for your safety. I am excited for the super bowl events to be downtown just so this place can get some more national coverage, as it is impossible for it not to be noticed. There is so much going on, really there is. Check it out! Just please show some respect, if you want to get so wasted you're throwing up, there are about 10 bars within walking distance to do so. If  you can't control yourself or think that your "business reputation" will make them break the law , think again! In order to get why this place works you'd have to know what makes a man a man, a woman a woman, and a bartender a bartender. Food is fun as hell! You might not realize what you're getting... but keep in mind King's couldn't get food like this a century ago and some Kings and Presidents still can't. You're getting food and drinks like this in a valley, in a desert that was never supposed to thrive; keep that in mind the next time you sip on one of these cocktails and a bartender flares while being slammed with business. Never seen things look so good while the people that work there are making it look so easy."Even when I'm working people think I'm chillin."- Andre Nikatina
5	I was so excited for this cocktail lounge to open and I was not disappointed.  They did a great job with the space and keeping the integrity of the historical side of the building.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly and the cocktails were dangerously good.  I ordered a beautifully presented drink of strawberry and pineapple vodka with fresh watermelon, cranberry and lemon juice garnished with watermelon pieces...stunning and so ridiculously tasty!  I live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!
2	My first visit to Bitter and Twisted was OK.  I would love to give this place more stars, but not just yet.  I was with a group of 8 for cocktails and dinner.  I arrived a bit late, and the others already had food and drinks.  It all looked quite good!  Once our server, whom I shall call 'Angry Girl" realized there were two more people seated (probably took her about 10 minutes to acknowledge that my co-worker and I sat down), she eventually came over to take our drink orders.  She seemed absolutely annoyed that we were there.  She never greeted me with a hello, just said "what can I get you"....I asked for a Vodka Martini, dirty, dry, up, and asked if they have blue cheese stuffed olives.  Her level of irritation seemed to escalate with my order.  She then barked out "NO' to my request for the stuffed olives, so I said Okay.....she then proceeded to announce that their martinis are served with 1 olive only.  I politely asked if I could have 2, to which she replied NO.  I even offered to pay more for the additional olive.  I then asked if they were queen olives or the smaller cocktail olives, and she indicated they were queen olives, so I let her know I was fine with that.  Interestingly enough, almost every independent place in town will make stuffed olives.....  But that is fine, they were busy and clearly Angry Girl was annoyed at being there let alone have to go out her way for anything :-  Fast forward about 20 minutes or so, I get my martini, it has two olives!  Woo Hoo!  I was pleased:)  Her interaction with the rest of our group was the same....she was curt, and clearly annoyed.  We ordered  lots of drinks and food....but we had to literally flag her down to get her to stop at our table.  I was a bit surprised at this since it was a business group, 1 check (which I sure was quite large), and the Gentleman who was hosting our group was more than kind, respectful and courteous.  When it became evident that unless we flagged down the other server in our area, we just were not going to get service.  Once the other server (cannot recall her name) began checking in on us, the evening began to look up:)  Angry Girl not once offered to remove any of the many empty plates that were beginning to pile up on the table (we had numerous small plates and were sharing).  The nice and attentive server began to pull away the empty plates, utensils, napkins, etc., and had to ask Angry Girl to assist and clearly, this made her already foul mood worse.  Fortunately for us, Angry Girl was hit or miss attending to our table, but the nice, friendly and attentive server stepped up and made up for her co-worker's shortcomings.I loved the food, enjoyed my cocktails, and will give this place another shot.  I love the decor, the ambiance and all the rest.  Just hope that they weed out the less-than adequate staff.  Had I not had to deal with the Olive Nazi, I probably would have given this place 4 stars :-
4	Trendy, witty, and delicious are my three choice words to describe this bar. The drinks are cleverly named and delicious, the menu a purchase item/magazine. This place has the feeling of trendy bar back in the day when drinks were intricately made and personal. The drinks are pricey and there can be some attitude here but that's part of the fun.
5	I am definitely a fan, I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. Their cocktails are on a whole new level, it's hard to stop yourself from ordering a 2nd, 3rd, and 4th round. Try the Solero, Lemongrass Collins, Bramble, Slap 'n Tickle - and the list goes on and on and on. I've only had a chance to experience bites from the Late Night Menu, but the chicken with watermelon kimchi is so good. I've heard their Ramen burger is bomb.com. Also...Cupcakes infused with liquor!! What?!! Get them before they sell out-trust me, they will!The ambiance is dark and sexy, great for a date night, but also a great spot for Twisted Tuesdays with friends. More than anything though, their staff is probably one of the best factors of this place. The bar staff are all not only legit and know their stuff, but they add an element of fun to each experience and make each visit pleasant.
5	I have heard the buzz of mixed reviews. I get it. The cocktails aren't cheap and overly sweet... However, if you talk to your server, I'm looking at you Beth, they will listen to what you like and don't like and give you the best cocktail of your life! I wanted something bitter, dry and gin based. I got exactly that for market price and with a side of wit. I will be returning!
3	This was the first time that my partner and I have been to this eatery! Very cool vibe for sure...interesting, but limited menu. I had the Ramen Burger, which is something I would never imagine of thinking up...this was excellent, the sauce that is drizzled on top to soften the noodles is a bit spicy, but really good! My partner had the pork belly bites and the potato chips app, both were ok, with the potato chip app, not being my favorite at all, he seemed to like it ok. He also ordered a peach martini, I tasted it, and it was not good at all, while he said it was ok, but he would not order again. For dessert, we ordered the Graham Cracker Marshmallows...this was great, accompanied with a dish of chocolate for dipping. The atmosphere was good, but very loud, which can be distracting during conversation, we were in a group of 6, and it was very hard to hear each other. Overall, I would return, but only if I had a hankering for the Ramen Burger. We were told by the waitress (great service) that the place is really hopping on the weekends, so it is best to get reservations. Give it a try, you might like it a little more than I did.
5	We had dinner reservations down the street and decided to stop by for a drink beforehand. My husband looked at me funny when I pointed to where it was at, the fogged windows up front make it blend in with the rest of the (empty? abandoned?) buildings on that side of the street. BTW, it was an August evening in downtown Phoenix, it felt like a ghost town outside. We walked in and, to our surprise, the place was pretty busy with just a few large booths open and some seats at the bar (we apparently had found where everyone was at). We were greeted by the hostess immediately and made our way to the bar. One of the bartenders greeted us promptly and gave us drink menus and waters. The drink menu is pretty expansive, as this place is known for specialty cocktails. We were so enchanted by the menu we missed the specials board (next time!). They do have a happy hour - mostly food discounts and a few drinks. The food looked great, we can't wait to try the Hurricane Popcorn (think that was the name?) on our second visit!I ordered the Lime & The Coconut and my husband had a Manhattan. Our (full price) drinks were worth every penny! The bartender crafted them in front of us and he was definitely a master of his art. Afterwards, he conversed with us a bit and was very warm and welcoming (sometimes hipster places like this are lacking the friendliness that this place definitely had).I am sure this will be our go-to spot for meeting friends from the other side of town and also where we take out of town guests who are yearning for something out of the ordinary - we are excited to go back!
4	Bitter and Twisted.......Take 2 I headed back out to Bitter and Twisted last night for late night drinks with some friends.  I makes me happy to share that the service was very good!  The staff were very welcoming, and equally attentive and the drinks we ordered were wonderful.  I ordered the Russian Spring Punch, which I highly recommend to all.  Such a refreshing cocktail for a hot desert night.I look forward to my next visit to Bitter and Twisted and will recommend to my friends and colleagues!
5	Love this place! Try the Solero if you like passion fruit. This is the fourth time I've been to B&T and I've loved it every time! It's a good idea to try to get a reservation if you have a large party. So glad to have this place in downtown Phoenix!
5	We made an attempt to come here on opening night, which was a big waste of time...however we were not disappointed on our second try. The happy hour prices are great, offsetting the cost of some of the higher priced concoctions. There is something for everyone on this menu, just ask for a recommendation if you can't decide. The old Fashioned was delicious along with a few other drinks we ordered. We also ordered this corn and cheese dip which was unique, fresh and quite yummy. Too many chips and not enough dip was my one and only snag. I guess the chef thought the dip was taking too long so he sent out the glass noodles with cuttlefish.on the house! Sounds weird and looks weird, but amazing! Service was excellent. Beth, our server, was very helpful, attentive and fun! Nice work Bitter & Twisted for making our second visit a success.
5	This is a great new bar a couple of blocks west of the US Airways Center. When my boyfriend and I visited the bar, the owner actually crafted our cocktails for us. He explained how they make all of their juices in house and have a special ice machine that creates different types of ice for the variety of cocktails they offer. I was incredibly impressed with how much effort they put into the atmosphere and drinks. They have a great drink menu and an incredible liquor selection. I ordered the Lemongrass Collins and it was PERFECT. Not too sweet, the perfect blend of citrus. It is the perfect summer cocktail. My boyfriend ordered a Manhattan (and I think he had Rye Whiskey) and he really enjoyed it. We will definitely be back the next time we are in downtown Phoenix. Keep up the good work!
5	Bitter & Twisted reminds of places back in the northeast and is probably the best bar I've come across in Phoenix.  The crowd is good looking!The drink list is fairly expansive...and the bartenders are phenomenal!  They work hard and execute their drinks to perfection.The food is quite tasty too.  I sampled a few appetizers from the somewhat ecclectic menu and I was not disappointed.The restaurant is styled nicely and has a super modern sleek hipster vibe!And they LOVE Yelpers!!!Definitely check out this place!  Even if you aren't downtown, its worth the drive.
5	Even though I want to get on their yelpper of the week board, I don't have anything bad to say. I love the drinks they were spot on, and the bartenders really knew their stuff. The great thing was finding a place that loves doing classic drinks, but making them awesome. Cool atmosphere cool bar,
2	This place has a lot of rules:1. You cannot wait inside if there are no seats available, even though when you go inside there is plenty of standing space near the ATM.  There is not standing at the bar, or around the tables.2. If you have a party more than 4, and you want to split a check per what you ordered, this will not be accommodated.  You will have to split it evenly.  This got very awkward for my group of friends because we all ordered very different things.  Luckily some of our party had cash so the four of us that didn't could pay for what we bought.3. They do not take reservations between 4 and 8pm4. There is a $10 minimum for a card charge, but luckily the drinks are $9-11 dollars, so you should be ok.I've been here twice.  Once was on a Thursday around 7pm.  We were told we couldn't have a reservation till after 8.  When I arrived at 7, the place was empty and luckily they sat us.  The second time was last Saturday (labor day weekend) and we were told it was a 2 hour wait for a cocktail... not dinner... so we went to another bar in cityscape.So the first time I was able to actually get in was ok.  The drink menu is fun.  Tons of options and there was a fantastic graph on the back to help guide you if you wanted something exciting, sweet, traditional, or savory.  My cocktails were great, no complaints.  I was really excited to have a fun, new, cocktail place in phoenix so things were looking up.The food menu has some left to be desired, but if you treat this as a place to get a drink vs. getting dinner, then you'll be fine.  The food was good though, just not a great variety. 1.  I had the patte with bread, very yummy.2.  The Ramen Burger... well that was disappointing.  Yes, it says that there is a lot of sauce on it ("extra napkins"), but it really did over power the burger.  I could barely taste the beef or the ramen... really they acted like conduits for the sauce which wasn't that memorable.  3. My plain fries, a side that is separate, were really good.  I would like to have a cocktail and these fries every time I come here.3.  The loaded friends looked really good and my friends enjoyed themWe all liked being there, and I wanted to go back and introduce other friends to bitter and twisted (hence last Saturday) but they just make it too hard.  Also considering there is the blue hound, arrogant butcher and squid ink in walking distance (all have great cocktails and food).I will try to come back again, I just hope they accommodate customers a little better.
5	I have been praying for a perfect cocktail bar to open up in Phoenix since I moved here in 2009, and 5 years later, God finally answered my prayers.  My friend and I walked in around 5:30 on Thursday to find the bar about half full. We were both impressed by the high ceilings and the overall feel of the interior, and I kinda wished that we had dressed up more for the occasion.  But, the staff didn't seem to mind our flip flops and my ripped up Guns 'n Roses t-shirt, so we gladly stayed.  Interestingly, I recently read an article about the bar's reservation policy, but it didn't reflect our experience at Bitter & Twisted.  No one asked if we had reservations, and everyone was friendly. We sat at the bar and were given a food menu and a booklet for the cocktails.  We did arrive during happy hour (4-7pm) but decided to get a meat and cheeseboard instead which is not a part of their HH special.  The pineapple sauce and the cauliflower in turmeric were my favorite on the board, and the bread was toasted just right.  I was being a snooper and looked at other customers' plates, and they all looked equally delicious.  I would love to try their "Seoul Fried Chicken" on my next visit and see if it really tastes like fried chicken from back home.  As for the cocktails, WOW. At the first glance, the cocktail booklet can be a bit overwhelming with written descriptions and pictures.  However, the bartender told us to look at the scatter plot at the back of the booklet that organized everything on one page.  I am a scientist.  Scientists like booze and scatter plots.  Therefore, I like booze and scatter plots.  I chose a refreshing, fruity cocktail while my friend asked the bartender to make her a citrus based martini with jalapenos.  They were both phenomenal in a different way.  My goal for this year is to try every single cocktail on their menu.  I highly recommend Bitter & Twisted to those who have been itching for a new hangout place just like me.
5	Don't worry about the "YELPER OF THE WEEK" (photo)... Great spot! Want something you can't get at every other place in Phoenix? Come Here.
4	Great cocktail bar in downtown Phoenix.  Make reservations if you are in a larger group.  They did call us when our table was ready.  We got there a little early and the place was packed.  As for drinks, top notch cocktails and the food was actually great.  I enjoyed the s'mores at the end.
5	Great drinks, great service, and yummy small plates. The place is hip. Try the Smashed Chips! Can't wait to return to try more drinks.
5	Stop what you're doing and come eat these chips!!! Never thought I would love a potato chip so much, but Wow! This place is so cool, good ambiance, friendly service and an impressive selection of drinks. The pineapple caipirinha was deliciously made. Pork belly is so good and the chips are just heavenly!!!
5	Great hidden gem. Drinks are thoughtfully created and artfully made. They have classics and ones you can't find anywhere else. Their liquor selection is extensive, everything from Pappy to Fernet. It's a great place to grab a drink with coworkers after work or bring a date after dinner. Definitely will be back.p.s no tv's, so don't plan on watching any sporting events there. Not a downside at all, makes it more intimate and genuine but worth noting if there's something particular you wanted to watch with your cocktail.
5	Top-notch mixology and great ambience. Highly recommend the Seoul - fried chicken.  The staff really knows their line of drinks.
5	This place is like no other in town. It is geared much more towards the event of cocktailing with a small group or your honey. Do you ever have the experience when you are sitting at the bar and some a-hole keeps bumping into you fro behind, or reaching over you to get a drink, well not at this bar. It is a no standing bar, you have to have a chair for your booty, no standing anywhere. It is a strange thing to comprehend, as no other place is like that, but I totally agree and love it! The booths are high backed and very cozy. The windows are frosted so you aren't distracted by the outside, just in the moment you are in right there. No TVs to distract you and no "crap" on the walls.I have two complaints, the sign outside - at night you cannot see it! I needs more light on it, my husband pointed it out three times before I figured out where the hell it was. Second, the bartenders are so focused on making the drink perfect that it takes nearly 10 min to get the darn thing, I truly appreciate attention to detail and an artfully crafted drink, but lets make it a little snappier. Check them out, you will love it!!! We hope to have some food next time, ramen burger? what?!
5	Loved the drink special-a Moscow mule made w bourbon, and the good was quite good! I had the smashed chips, they were spicy and amazing-more like sliced potatoes covered in delicious toppings. my friends got the Seoul chicken and thought it was pretty good (although in pretty sure they expected a larger portion haha) I've been looking forward to checking this place out and I'm happy with the atmosphere and bartenders, had a lot of fun here.
5	Well, I was apprehensive at first because of all the slanderous articles I read.. But I decided to say, "Fuck the disinformation, I'm putting this place to my own test." .. And I can happily say that I am glad I made that choice! So to frame my encounter: I went there for happy hour.The ambiance was nice, the hostess was friendly and the bar staff was extremely helpful! For virgins- the posse and I just wanted to experience all that B&T had to offer! We ordered the cocktail special, to see what they mixers had to offer.. And they hit it spot on.. The Kentucky Mule had the kick and the taste we were looking for!! Topped off the pallet with some Seoul chicken, and the Smashed Chips.. Awesome.TL;DR:We will be coming back. Keep it up B&T- we don't want to see you burn out!
5	I had a great time at my first visit to this classy cocktail bar.  It starts with the menu, which is like a short novel.  Don't be overwhelmed: the bartenders and waitresses are happy to guide you to the perfect concoction and if in doubt, there's a map in the back of the book...er, menu.  I liked the menu, it was a lot of fun to peruse.The drinks are expertly made with fresh ingredients, most of which they make themselves on the days they're closed.  If you want something off the menu, they're happy to create something just for you.I can't remember the names of drinks at the moment, but mine had tequila and coconut, which was good.  The fruity/creamy drink Amy got was even better.  Prices are high, but the drinks are excellent.  This is a "hang out and enjoy a couple drinks with friends" kind of place, not a "get wasted and forget all your woes" kind of place.  They highlight bad Yelp reviews.  I think that's funny.The bill is kept on a tablet, and credit cards processed the same way! It saves time and paper (probably) but let's be honest, it's just cool.
5	Where do I start??!! My finance and I went here for the first time last night and we were BLOWN AWAY! Service, ambiance, drinks, food and fun!! All of the above was perfect! Tim was exceptional in his presentation and knowledge of every drink! Everyone working was friendly and had a smile on their face The meat and cheese board was so fresh and a great variety! Ramon burger was different and tasty!Love love love it and we will definitely be back!
5	First time here. This place is dope on a rope!!! The bar guys name was Tim, he made me a Reposado that totally kicked ass!!! Love this spot. I will be back!
5	I like this place, I really do - and I love that it is located in downtown Phoenix. Even more to its credit, B&T is located in the beautifully renovated old Luhrs building, and the ambiance is awesome.Having been a few times before, I recently read an unflattering review of B&T's reservation policy. I mentioned this to a friend, a fellow classic cocktail enthusiast, and he said, "Let's check it out this week!" And it was on. I called in advance and thoroughly grilled the polite guy who answered my call, but all I could gather was that reservations probably weren't needed and they'd be happy to see us in about an hour (this was a Thursday evening). This was reliable information - we were promptly seated in a booth when we arrived.So, how about the drinks/food (listed by order of priority in my mind)? The lengthy drink menu "book" is a little bit much for me, but the owner, Ross, explained it when he came out to our table to check on us last night. True to his explanation, that menu style has pushed me to try several drink recipes that are outside my normal comfort zone (on multiple visits), and I'm glad I did.Also unexpectedly at our table last night was the head chef from the kitchen (don't forget that this place is more than just cocktails). My wife asked the waitress about noodle dishes (not on the menu), so the chef came out to discuss what he could make from scratch to satisfy her request. We ended up sharing a delicious Thai-style curry dish as a result.And lastly, this review would be incomplete without a mention of the other off-menu sampling we did last night. Ross, while geeking out over mixology experiences with my friend Keith, decided to let us sample a Czech herbed liquor called becherovka. It was pleasant. Also pleasant was the "secret menu" (for cocktail geeks only) that we received and from which we ordered. This is the menu I will try on my next visit.
1	This place is a joke! No standing at the bar, are you kidding me, that is what adds to the energy and vibe of world class bars.....or 'cocktail parlours.' I recently went there and ordered two Moscow Mules for my better half and I. I believe it was the owner who served me (middle aged white balding guy). I then ordered 2 more shots of vodka and he made a gesture as though I was a moron and there was enough alcohol in the drinks. There was enough liquor in the drinks I simply wanted two more shots of vodka. It's my preference to order this way as the paying customer but I must have insulted him. He then placed the two shots in front of my girlfriend and half jokingly said 'I hope I don't have to cut you off' to which I replied 'I have only ordered two drinks?!?' I was fuming as to be treated this way. He must of been pissed off because I was standing next to my woman who was sitting at the bar. What a joke this place and owner is, he has to remove himself as it has a lot of potential. Until then head to all the other cool places right around there including Hannys, Deuce, Blue Hound, Crescent, Barsmith and Arrogant Butcher....to name a few, which by the way ALL allow you to stand at their bars....
5	I stopped in with a friend tonight and boy am I glad. The signage is a little obscure and the entrance is inconspicuous, but don't let that keep you from stopping in. It's fantastic. The decor is great. It feels like a swanky big city bar, but not as pretentious. And there aren't many places in Phoenix where you can get a true culinary cocktail experience like this. I asked Jason, our bartender, for a recommendation, thinking "what's good on the menu?" He proceeded to ask what I liked in a cocktail and after getting a feel for what I wanted, he built me a custom-made off-menu cocktail that was crazy delicious. This place is one of the best additions to downtown phoenix I've seen yet. I plan on being a regular.
5	Probably the best Manhattan I've had.  Great atmosphere, great selection of cocktails both classic and infused. Tim was excellent with his service.   Most definitely returning on my next business trip out here in Phoenix.
5	Coolest place in Phoenix. Great drinks, great service. Modern but retro. The drinks are a work or art. Go there
5	The staff was great and the drinks were amazing.  This is one of the coolest places and we will defiantly be returning.
5	Located near CityScape in the renovated old Luhrs building sits Bitter and Twisted. The ambiance of the space is superb and the rules you have to abide by only improve it. No reservations, no standing at the bar and no whining. If you don't like the rules go somewhere else.I have never had a problem finding a spot but I probably go at slower times. I've sat at the bar and flipped through the drink magazine, yes it is intimidating at first but once you get used to it you'll be taken on an adventure. I've tried alcohols and mixers I normally would have stayed away from. Thanks B&T. I must say the Lemongrass Tom Collins is one of the best damn drinks I have tried in ages.The food is great too, try the loaded fries and the popcorn. You can thank me later.
5	I love this place. SO much.  Seriously. The drinks are amazing (its like an art here!), the food is so super duper tasty (have you had the pork belly?).   The atmosphere and the staff are all super awesome.   I had the luck to sit at the bar by the owner and have him make my drinks all night long.  Best ever! I've been here a few times and every time I leave having had the best manhattans of my life. The best food, and the best time with my friends, the servers and the bartenders!   If you haven't been here yet, GO! And then go again!
4	The bartenders are artists and anyone that can concoct a perfect Aviation is gold in my book.Great atmosphere and solid food options. I didn't get to try the Bourbon Cupcake (they were sold out) I'm told Tuesday is the day to get themWill definitely be going back
4	decent for Phoenix. the high ceilings, old industrial space, and exposed structures make it feel like more like Portland or Seattle. the sometimes indifferent attitude of the bartenders make it feel much more like the former than the latter. the food and cocktails are quite good, and they've been able to lure me back more than once because of these. the cocktail menu is a bit tacky. really, who hands out laminated cocktail menus these days? oh wait, the Cheesecake factory does. overall, though, this is a pretty legit place for downtown PHX. oh, and PS, check out the creepy dolls way above the bar.... i think they're made of hair and gum...
5	Visited B&T for the first time last night. It was Friday and DT Phx was hopping. The place was busy but my friend and I got two seats at the bar without waiting (They were the only 2, it was busy). I'd heard great things and was not disappointed. We mostly had drinks and every single one was good. I tried the kafir lime cc, the solero, and a classic martini. All hit the spot and the service was impeccable. I loved the atmosphere and the chips were to die for. Can't wait to go back.
5	In my ~10 years of visiting Phoenix, 5 of which i've been legally allowed to drink, I've never once been to downtown Phoenix [minus going to a D'backs game in my high school age]. I was quite surprised at the sparsity of stuff to do around, and then all of a sudden a small bright light of hope around where Bitter & Twisted sits. Quite nice little hipster bar with quite strong drinks [they'll hit you when you least expect it]. Was a little disappointed in the small plates offering, but with a focus on drinks, it's expected. If you're hungry, get the Ramen Burger - holy hell is it delicious! I'd never had a non-burger burger before. Innovative place for an emerging downtown Phoenix.
5	Ask for Zach! Best service at a bar I've ever had. Also, this bar has legitimately good food. Get the pork belly. Get the solero. Check out the back of the menu to help you choose. It has a really cool scatter chart to help. I'm kind of a data geek so I thought it was awesome. Maybe the next iteration could be a bubble chart to add a 3rd dimension! Maybe the size of the bubble could be the popularity of the drink! Oooo Zach, get on that idea!
2	I vacillated between two and three stars and the two won out in part because "Cocktail Parlour" is in their name and I expected way more from the experience and presentation.We visited on a Saturday evening (8pm).  We sat at a table and this was our first mistake.  I think that I would have had a better experience if I sat at the bar and had a chance to see the "mixologist" at work.   We ordered food -- a cheese plate...lame, and Green Chile Mac and Cheese (added bacon) -- a WINNER.  But my devastation lay in the drinks and the presentation.  While we did not find fault in the taste of the drinks, I felt the presentation was lacking.   None of the drinks we ordered were out of the ordinary -- Chocolate Martini, a Bellini, and the drink of the night.  None came with any fanfare, and yet, tasted like any other Chocolate Martini or Bellini you might have ordered at Lucky Strike or Copper Blues (both located across the street).  They could have rimmed or garnished the Chocolate Martini or created a Chamborde swirl in the Bellini.   Nothing.My expectation is that if all you serve are cocktails, and, by the way, charge an arm and leg for them, then maybe you should serve them with some fanfare.  Frankly, I would rather go to Fez or Hanny's for my Chocolate Martini.
5	Great happy hour menu, everything is worth the few extra bucks although it really isn't that expensive. The drinks and bartenders are incredible. I will be back!
5	Ross the owner crafted our drinks with an uncompromising flair. There are specific times to arrive and get a seat at the bar where you can observe the bar artists hone their craft. Friendly and enjoying what they do. Gotta try it; you'll be back...
5	I cannot say how dangerous this place is. They should have a warning sign at the door saying "caution you may not leave due to the many amazing libation choices ahead". Bartenders (including the owner) were friendly & gave great fast service. Drinks were made with care & tasted for perfection.  I will return many times over for service like this and to make my way through the thirsty menu. If you don't get the popcorn you will not get to experience the absolute perfect snack to accompany cocktails. The menu is extensive and creative. Make a visit and you will NOT be disappointed. This is not the "gimme 4 bud lights" type of bar so fah get about it!  I may be at the bar if you drop by. Much love to this establishment.
4	expensive cocktails and feels like you are calling a radio show instead of a reservation line. hidden entrance speakeasy makes it a good place to take visitors. great cocktails and food, but very expensive
1	Flew into Phoenix for friends 60th Bday and went straight to Bitter and Sweet after reading reviews and website. Made a reso for a specific time via website. It Said they would text me if something earlier opened but no resoS needed. Drove downtown. Paid for parking. Closed for private party!!! People: update your website or don't take reservations. So disappointed. 60th birthday surprise is now a bust. Thanks Bitter and Twisted. I sure feel bitter.
5	All I need is good company, good food and good drinks, and last night at Bitter & Twisted delivered on all three.The interior is a very cool paired back modern industrial feel that reminded me of a bar you'd find in downtown Seattle. Dimly lit, high back comfortable booths, frosted windows and chandeliers lend a glamorous low key speak easy feel.I ordered a different drink on every round (and there were several ;) and I enjoyed every expertly made one. The drinks take center stage here with a booklet of many signature cocktails available, but the food was pretty amazing too- we had the Betelnut pork belly (think super amazing high end Chinese delivery ribs with red sauce), the Ramen burger (it was cray), the meat and cheese board (house made pate and bacon and brussel sprout spread), and the angry panda lettuce wraps (a bit too "angry" for my partner so be warned if you aren't into spicy, but very tasty). I know some Yelp reviewers complain about price at B & T but I think some of us Phoenicians are unaccustomed to having a high end big city bar in our downtown. I found the $6-$12 drinks to be extremely reasonable as compared to other metropolitan bars, but drinks are of much better quality. And I know waiting outside for a table isn't fun, but it makes for a much more relaxed atmosphere not to be jammed into a bar with a bunch of people waiting around. You can go into any dive bar to walk immediately up to the bar and order a cheap drink- that's not what this is.We all thoroughly enjoyed the experience and are looking forward to returning- highly recommended if you're looking for a more discriminating night out.
5	Seriously such a beautiful place in Downtown Phoenix! It's dark, comfortable and the drinks are downright amazing.Heard great things about their mixologist/owner Ross and felt it was well deserved to pay this place a visit on a Friday night. Upon entering, you feel as if you've been transported elsewhere like Seattle or San Francisco, it has a dark, homey, rock 'n' roll meets lounge feel to it. Lovely.Ordered the Whiskey Jubilee because 1) I like Whiskey and 2) It's showcased as a girly drink. Talk about a great contrast! The flavors were spot on, refreshing, smooth, sweet and you catch the slight distinct flavor of whiskey in the back of your throat. Decided to see how Ross does an Old Fashioned and got that too. Pretty good, not overly sweet or syrupy like most places. Nothing fancy, square cubes, little sweetness and an orange peel twist.To snack I ordered the Hurricane popcorn to share with a buddy, pretty good with rice crackers, seaweed flakes and some togarashi powder. Perfect for snacking on while drinking and socializing. Tastes different from the Hurricane popcorn from Hawaii, but it was good.To end the night, I shared a Banoffee pot which Ross shared a lovely story on how he made these for his dinner/dates and it is so decadent and sweet on so many levels. A lovely graham cracker crust, toffee, cocoa nips, whipped cream. This dessert is too much to handle- for sure grab some coffee for an ultimate way to end the night. Tbh if your knees don't buckle two spoons into this or at LEAST get a sugar rush I don't know what will!Ross is great, he'll customize/make drinks according to your tastes and is downright amazing to talk to. His personality and attitude is infectiously fun.Can't wait to come back!
2	I really wanted to rate this place 5 stars but the experience left me Bitter & Confused. It all began at the door with the bouncer, security guard, door handler, reservation maker, people counter, whatever you want to call him stopping me at my tracks asking if I already have a party inside. I replied "no, just trying to get drinks at the bar," We went back and forth as he continually asked me a series of 'do you have reservations' questions making it sound as though there were a private function going on or that the bar has reached max capacity. Finally he goes, "you need to make a reservation and your entire party needs to be here." I really thought this is a walk-in bar but the guy made me head to the hostess stand and make a reservation which was not needed given the place was EMPTY! So the hostess says she can seat us immediately (SHOCKING) and the bouncer, security guard, door handler, reservation maker, people counter guy insists he needed to escort us to our seats. Ok then... We got seated at a dining table..which felt a little weird because we wanted to just hang out at the bar but were told that everyone needs to have a seat...hmm? Later in the night we also watched this same guy tell every person seated at the bar to stand up and scoot down a chair so that a couple can sit down.Ordered our first round of drinks, the drinks were good with appropriate amounts of liquor, mixer, etc. Definitely on the pricier side for a Phoenix bar, but average if you're in a big city like NYC. The service was pretty terrible, super slow and inattentive (get your food with no serviettes, then forced to have to wait for your waitress to finally come around and ends up forgetting to bring them to you altogether after you've asked..sigh..). I'm not sure if the owners were going for a speakeasy theme or what with the door guard dog and assigned seating, but that has really deterred me from wanting to come back. My advice to the bar owner is to open the place up and make it more welcoming...I probably would have stayed longer, ordered more drinks and tell my friends to go check it out too.
5	Thanks Ross for the E a r l. - the best burger i ever ate, purchased .  You're a gent letting me order off the secret menu right at bar opened for the evening.  Yum, it's the best meal I could have found in DTWN Phx tonight!  The smashed chips equally wonderful!
5	This place is a must stop if you're in downtown Phoenix.  If you're looking for a great atmosphere with great drinks don't look any further.  Happy hour times are busy and don't expect to show up with a group of people and expect to sit at the bar.  They are very strict at having groups crowd the bar area.  Come with a friend or a date and you'll have room at the bar.  Otherwise get on the list and wait for a table like normal people do and be patient to be seated.  It's worth the wait.  The food is tasty and the staff is friendly.  You won't find another place like this in downtown.  They make a pretty good old fashioned along with many other drinks.  5 star place with 5 star service.
4	So I was in Phoenix for a conference, and after all the conferencing was done I went for a wander in the downtown area. I figured there would be some interesting place to go and get an after work pint. I stumbled upon this place pretty quickly. It's hard to describe the aesthetic of this place, but if you look up the following places in Vancouver, you'll get the idea. It had the look of a Donnelly Pub, the attention to detail of The Pourhouse, and the friendly service of the Black Frog. What I'm trying to say is, this place is great for an afterwork drink or a nice evening out. There is an extensive cocktail list, a good selection of beer, and a compact menu of food that pairs nicely with beer and cocktails. I recommend the Korean Fried Chicken. Also, bonus point for having lots of electrical outlets underneath the bar.
5	Finally a bar that makes you talk with people you came with.! Delicious cocktails, yummy food and no random sports talk. Thank you
3	Van N from Seattle nailed it.... the only exception I'd have is that the first time I came here the cocktail service was great, the second time was okay... but certainly not horrible. On my first visit we arrived and spoke to the hostess and were told there would be a 45 minute wait even though there were obviously many places available to sit... Okay... in most other instances, I'd have just left and not come back, but we went along with it because we had heard the place was awesome. After buying and finishing a drink at a bar across the street we made our way back and were seated. The cocktails were very good and our server was friendly and attentive. The decor and feel of the place is nice... it's swank but in a cool way, doesn't feel pretentious. The second go around, I was ready to never return if we got the 'you need a reservation routine' even though there are plenty of spots available. Turns out instead we encountered the bouncer guy, who also asked if we had a reservation. We explained to him that we had friends at a table inside already seated and waiting for us... he checked our ID's and let us in without much to-do.So the bouncer guy didn't cause a fuss, but the scene outside is what I found comical. You have this muscled bumpy dude who is standing within this velvet roped off area that is blocking the door so you can't get inside... I felt like I was trying to enter The Roxbury or something... I was waiting for Richard Grieco to walk past and enter before me as I stared star struck and envious... but instead we walked inside and the place isn't that busy. I'm not one for glitz, glamour or bullshit... and it seems like Bitter and Twisted is trying to create some illusion of exclusivity and after this last go around I've had enough. It's a cool place and yes the drinks are pricey, but what turns me off are the games. I don't need it. It doesn't amuse me. There are other places that serve great cocktails. If I want to feel special I'll watch Mr. Rogers re-runs...
5	Arrived here on the eve of the New Year. 'Twas not too bitter, and delightfully twisted.
5	Great time! Love the cocktails and the food but the serviceIs the best!
5	Talk about a new years eve deal! I'm almost nervous to shout it out because we want to go back next year!this is an old school, but now....quite hipster cocktail bar. a sit down bar, you won't find it packed with pointy shoe'd men trying the latest lines on every chick in the bar. you might find handlebar mustaches, suspenders, and horn-rimmed glasses. for sure though, you will find an enormous amount of cocktails. we reserved on-line for a booth for NYE. no waiting in a long line, we were seated at our comfy booth with our party companions. a bottle of champagne awaited us, as well as 2 enormous bowls of delicious spicy popcorn. we were allowed 2 appetizers which were so big, were more like entree plates. i had the ramen noodle dish (love ramen, and this is cooked quite the opposite of your college ramen). spicy and sweet. the wife had the mac n cheese. it was enough for 3 people! and delicious. service was absolutely spotless. after we downed our 2 bottles of champagne, we ordered a few drinks off the menu. all tasty but buzz inducing without the overwhelming taste of alcohol. i really liked this place, not only for the menu but for the ambiance. great night out and thanks Bitter and Twisted.
4	Great place to have a few cocktails before heading out. The solero is awesome! The pricing is a little high, but hey you pay for what you get. Highly recommend this place to pregame before heading to you're destination
2	Great fun drinks. Truly a place where the flavor of the alcohol influences the mixology. Haven't been able to try the food yet, but looking forward to it! B&T trying to raise the bar of mixed beverages, and I think they are accomplishing it one drink at a time. :) sat at the bar and the mixologist was very busy, but that gave me time to enjoy my cocktail. Everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming. I will be coming back at least once a week. I wrote this great review then got home and realized sitting at the bar totally destroyed not only my shoes by my boyfriends shoes as well. Picture attached. I'm really disappointed. How could resting your feet in the brass rail cut your shoes so badly?
4	Interesting place.The bartenders really do know their stuff and make a mean cocktail of your choosing or pick one off the board/menu. Either way it is a win win. Make sure to try their popcorn which is DELICIOUS! Hell I may go back just for that reason alone. The staff are very friendly and I swear I saw the chef deliver food to a few tables. Maybe I was mistaken but still if that was the case, that is what I call SERVICE! All in all it would be a great date night place if you happen to be in the area and have you are on a date (just saying) :)
