4	Great new place. I believe they've been open for six months.  I went here for a business dinner. The staff were very friendly and attractive as you'd expect from Montreal. We opt'd to let the Chef decide on the tapas for the table and we finished with fish to share.  Every plate was well presented and we enjoyed every one.I would go back in heartbeat.
4	Had an awesome dinner at Helena a little while ago. Can't remember what i had but i remember food being delicious, well presented tapas and service was great. Id go back again yes!!!
4	I was recommended this restaurant by a Portuguese lady living in Montreal, and decided to choose this place to host a business lunch. The menu had a selection of seafood - done the Portuguese way of course. Oh ... and cornish hen - if you're not into seafood.  I eventually settled for the grilled seafood platter (grilled jumbo prawns, squid, octopus and scallop) which serves 2. Seafood was fresh, flavorful and lightly smoky - the way I like!  Portions were not too big - just right for a light lunch with some space left for dessert.The restaurant's wine menu had a wide selection of exclusively Portuguese wine. The waiter explained that many of their wines are private imports.  Not knowing what to order, we asked for a red that's smooth and around $65 - and they brought out a bottle that turned out pretty good!Overall I would say that the food is 4+ stars.  Service wise it's also around 4.  Waiters are generally cheery, prompt and attentive.  Being recently opened, the decor is new and tastefully done.Just to point out that the seating is rather cramped.  Think the layout of the restaurant and tight space forces them to place tables relatively close together.  The heavy lunch crowd makes moving space all the more tight.  (I was so concerned I might knock down somebody's glass as I took off my winter jacket.)  Also, in our case, the table where we were seated had benches on both sides (not individual chairs).  So that was rather inconvenient for the one (yours truly) seated in the middle.
4	Restaurante Helena is a Portuguese style place located in old Montreal that opened at the end of June. I was looking for a nice restaurant to go enjoy a nice meal with a friend prior to the fireworks in the old port, so we gave it a shot. The menu is a combination of tapas style plates or classic entrees and mains. We chose to stick to the tapas options. First up, we had the cod croquettes with a piri piri aioli. Simple but perfectly done. The croquettes had a good crisp to them without the fish in the middle being overdone. The aioli was a great compliment with just the right level of spice without overpowering the fish.Next up, clams with chorizo, corn and Sao Jorge cheese. A nice light dish where the extra elements didn't take anyway from the key ingredient here, the clams.Following the clams, we got the tempura shrimp with bisque sauce following with the plat of grilled octopus, squid and chorizo. Both were very executed and delicious. The standouts of note here were the bisque sauce and the grilled squid. All in all, the food was wonderful and perfectly in keeping with what you would want looking for a good Portuguese meal. As with most tapas plates, you always wish you could have more on the plat, but that comes with the territory. The wine options were relatively plentiful - with the caveat that II don't know much about Portuguese wines. We asked our waiter for his opinion and the choices he made for us were wonderful.  I will note here however that it actually took our waiter about 45 minutes to actually come take our orders after bringing us our wine. Because of our discussion at the table, we didn't actually notice until about 30 minutes. Given we weren't really in a hurry, this didn't bother us in the least but I feel like I need to mention this anyway.Helena was a pleasant discovery and given its proximity to old Montreal, another great option for people heading to the old port. Anyone looking for a good portuguese place would be wise to check it out.Cheers!
5	Had lunch here a few weeks ago and I have to say that their $22 table d'hote is a superb deal! You have a choice from three appetizers, four mains, plus a dessert. You could also choose to order from their regular tapas/mains menu instead but it definitely isn't as cost-effective. Wine is where they get you - it is a nice list of Portuguese wines though, and there are many options by the glass.My spouse started with a pureed potato soup (I think it had a chicken broth base - creamy and delicious), and I chose the burrata (think of the creamiest fresh cheese curd sprinkled with sea salt, on a bed of mixed greens with pistachios and pine nuts - swoon!). For mains, we chose the grilled mahi mahi (perfectly flaky) and a seafood stew (tomato-based, loaded with mussels, shrimp, and fish). Dessert was a cream puff served with a variety of fresh, ripe fruit. I was pleased to see that they didn't skimp on quality and presentation even though it was just lunch.Decor is amazing (think modern Portuguese, a mix of new and old) and so is the ambiance - busy but not just with business folks. Waitress was very prompt and attentive.Overall I would go again and definitely recommend to others.
5	An elegant but hip nouveau Portuguese restaurant, it's wonderful for the set lunch and the innovative small plates. The grilled octopus is world class, truly delicious. Excellent food, lovely Portuguese wines, chic and comfortable with a great staff. 5 star for sure.
4	Great lunch menu! I've been a few times and I was never disapointed - I do remember being served a small tartar apetizer on a warm plate but I quickly forgived after tasting awesome fish as a main course. You can do "a la carte" or pick among the daily menu. I've done both and enjoyed both options a lot. My only advice would be to make sure you have enough time for lunch as you probably won't be out before 1:45 - 2 PM. Also, we really prefered being seated in the back rather than in the front windows, as these tables felt a little close for each other. You should go!
5	Great restaurant, great service and great food. I ordered a steak with chorizo sauce on top of thin potato strips it was amazing. The waiters made sure we had a good experience. This is definitely a good restaurant to take your love one to a nice dinner.
1	Our dining experience was not good at all at this place. Five of us went there and none of us was satisfied with the our experience. The waiter was rude, not a single smile. The lunch menu looked good but the waiter just kept recommending the more expensive $45 pre fixed menu. Four of us got the lunch menu. The soup was ok, but the main dish was horrible. The seafood was not fresh, the rice was really hard. None of us could finish it. The other guy got the steak, not good either. Anyways, wont ever go back again and will not recommend to any friend.
3	Four star food. Three star price and 3 star service. Too much upselling. Grilled Octopus rocks but don't order too much...
5	Restaurant Helena is incredible. It's one of the finest restaurants I've been to in years. The ambiance and elegance are difficult to match. My wife and I did cartwheels and splits over the place. The next time I'm in Montreal this restaurant will be the first place I stop.I have a marinade recipe for grilled halibut that's wonderful. Whenever I go to a restaurant and they have halibut I get it automatically. This evening this glorious restaurant had halibut as the fish of the day. The way they grilled it was out of this world. The dish was complemented with an assortment of vegetables and potatoes. It was perfection. My wife loved her seafood stew too. I need to return for shrimps and scallops. The menu is vast.A wonderful man named Mario seems to run things a bit. He gave us glasses of port on the house when we first sat down. When our dinner was slightly delayed he gave us more appetizers. He basically treated us like royalty. I'm not sure why. Maybe he thought I wrote reviews for the New York Times. A simply wonderful staff at this beautiful restaurant.
1	I got the most sever food poisoning at this place, We contacted the restaurant in person and by email, they never got back to us! This place is supposed to be well known for their sea food and we all know food poisoning from sea food is very dangerous!
3	Too bad there is no single baby chair, and no place to change diaper!  Unbelievable !
5	Just wow, food was amazing, absolutely challenged my taste pallets. Great scallops with foie gras, and the grilled morue melt in you mouth. Service is great and very professional definitely recommend it.
5	an evening to remember.  the waitstaff was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and professional.  the wine list was excellent and varied.  the food was inventive and fresh. this has become one of our go to places, much as guy savoy is in paris and bouley is in nyc.  not to be missed!
5	I was in Montreal for work about a month ago and my Canadian colleagues took me to Restaurant Helena. Having traveled quite a bit I am always up for different cuisines. The restaurant itself is quaintly located in Old Montreal and the atmosphere is great, with beautifully set tables, very attentive staff and an overall welcoming vibe. As for the food: we ordered the tapas menu which then came with a main entree of red snapper. All of the tapas were amazing, I especially liked the large scallop with the foie gras on top as well as the octopus. The wine kept coming and the service was terrific. It is relatively pricey for my standards but well worth it. I think it came out to about $50-75 per person without drinks.Overall, a wonderful experience, likely the highlight of my trip to Montreal. Looking forward to returning at some point.
5	Loved the service and the food. We did a tasting menu of tapas, ending with a Branzino. Everything was tasty and not heavy. It had a very modern vibe and took classic favors to new heights. The staff couldn't have been nicer. Would definitely go back.
5	There was 4 of us for lunch. It was absolutely wonderful. Three of us had salmon and one had lamb. The taste was to die for.  The price for lunch table d'hote was 22 dollars. For appetizer main and dessert. What a bargain for such good food.  The service also was impeccable. Very informed waiters love love loved it
5	1963 Port, need I say more...Never tried a port so smooth but then again where can you find this experience... HelenaI was originally apprehensive about the suggestion, yet any concerns evaporated quickly as we tasted the menu.Food is above par and the drink selection is impressive.
3	I went here last night and di the tasting menu for $65. The dinner and wine where awesome and the service fantastic. My only concern is that when I asked about wine pairing in french, I was told that the waitress could include some wine in my $65 dollars. She began to give us a class at every course and this more then doubled our bill. I was served wines that were $18 for half a glass. I am not sure how that conversation happened, as I was pretty sure that is not the conversation we had. I ended up paying over $300 for two people for dinner. I was kind of shocked by the bill but it was for a birthday we were celebrating. Just make sure that you are clear on the bill before agreeing to anything. Otherwise the food, wine and service are great.
3	Inconsistent.  The things that worked were amazing - asparagus salad, desserts, salmon - all three were so good I'd go back for them...but the things that were not so great were dramatically less so.  The cod, in particular, was uninspiring.  The service was also inconsistent. Great when our waitress remembered us,  but she forgot us several times.
