4	I am sad that this fab little place has not yet been reviewed! Oh the joy I get each and every time I walk through the doors. Firstly the amount on offer here is brilliant, prints, frames, candles, jewellery and house ware spills off the shelves in a way that makes you want one of everything ( and one for all your friends ). Curiouser and curiouser have provided me with many a gift that I have struggled to hand over... Solely because the stock is all so pretty it's hard to depart with it! They also have a lovely dog... Josh. He is a rescue grey hound if I'm not mistaken and is quite fond of a wee pat... Mind the malting though!! I believe it's a family business... The sisters are both lovely & helpful and seem super happy for you to just have a potter about... There isn't anything I would change about this store. It's on my favourite street & that is always a good thing!
4	Gift shops are my Achilles' heel, and Edinburgh has a wonderful selection of them. Curiouser and Curiouser is full of lovely artwork and prints, gifts and other things you never knew you needed until you walked in here. They also offer a fantastic bespoke framing service. A few years ago I was looking for a very specific size and design of mirror. I asked for help on Twitter and Curiouser and Curiouser saw this and replied offering their services. I went into the shop, they made a framed mirror exactly as I wanted and of fantastic quality.If you are ever around Broughton Street area then I definitely recommend you popping in here. And maybe go to Treacle for some food after :)
4	What pretty wee things! This lovely shop at the bottom of Broughton Street sells an array of things you don't need, but you can't live without once you see them.Cards, notebooks, candles, local Edinburgh designer ditties like stags heads, prints from local artists with scenes of Edinburgh. I went in and immediately picked up about 4 things but put them all down again when I realised it was all impulse buying.They also have some beautiful jewellery that I kind of want, a lot. But again, impulse...The perfect place to come for a wee card, gift or even a special something for a special someone.
5	What a treasure trove of beautiful things! I love a little wander down Broughton street and a stop off in this Curiouser and Curiouser is a highlight. It is filled with all things pretty, quirky, cute and stylish. It's the perfect place for gift shopping, although beware- you'll probably find lots of things you'd like to keep yourself! They have a lovely range of cards, homewares, books, gifts, jewellery and prints. For  lovers of animals (especially foxes) they have all sorts of cute bits'n'bobs and today I was admiring their gorgeous leather fox purses. They also have many Scottish items, like Edinburgh prints. I would thoroughly recommend a visit to admire all their pretty things!
5	Why am I only just discovering this little gem today?!A stop off in Edinburgh is always great fun, and a wander along Broughton St is always great.  Today the highlight of the wander was coming across this place.Filled with lots of cute and wonderful things - from books on how to knit zoo animals, greetings cards, ceramics and prints and artwork with price tags that won't break the bank.It appears to be a small family business and the staff are pretty relaxed and more than happy to chat; but the dog didn't seem all that interested in what was going on.I bought some prints for my living room, a book on print-making and a ceramic bowl for my coffee table. I could easily have purchased most of this shop.So if you're in search of a special card or gift, I can't recumbent this place any higher!
