5	I ate at Lakeside Grill for the first time the weekend before Thanksgiving, and the food was nothing short of brilliant.  I ordered the filet mignon, and my wife had the scallops, and both dishes were cooked to perfection.  When we arrived, we informed our waitress that we were seeing the 7 PM show of La Reve (it was our fault for poor planning), but our waitress informed the chef and had our food out with time to spare for our show.  This restaurant has only been open for a few weeks, but the ambiance and setting for this restaurant is definitely memorable.  From our table, we had a beautiful view of the cascading, multi-colorful waterfall wall outside the south side of the restaurant, which is all glass.  I don't spend much time at the Wynn when I'm in Vegas (mostly because I can't afford to), but this was definitely money well-spent, followed by one of the best Cirque De Soleil shows that I've seen in Vegas!  I highly recommend this restaurant with 2 enthusiastic thumbs up!
1	This place just plain sucks!  After getting turned down at SW for not having a reservation, we strolled into this horrible excuse of a fine dining restaurant.  The menu looked so appetizing, however the food was terrible.  Two of us ordered the lobster risotto, one ordered the pasta with prawns & a scampi sauce and the other ordered the short rib pasta.  The lobster risotto sounded so promising.  What a disappointment!  It was terrible.  We kept joking around that they pulled out a box of broccoli & cheese rice-a-roni and threw in a tiny piece of lobster to spruce it up a bit.  Both pastas were so mediocre.  Olive Garden has better food than this.  All of these dishes were around $35.  Originally planning on going to SW, we knew we would be paying out of our noses for dinner, so paying $35 for pasta wasn't that big of a deal.  However, $35 for crappy, half-ass food is a crime.  If you ever come across this place, turn around and run as fast as you can.  What a waste of money and what could have been a great Vegas dining experience.
2	Went to the new Lakeside Grill over the weekend for the first time, not impressed. It's like an upscale diner that serves typical Vegas food, steak, fish, risotto and pizza... I'm not sure what the exact concept of the restaurant is, american or italian? I shared the lamb and lobster risotto with my boyfriend, the lamb was undercooked and they had run out of white truffles for the lobster risotto, our friend ordered the prime rib which was so undercooked that it wasn't edible, our girlfriend ordered the dover sole but didn't like it, sent it back and ordered a salad instead. Overall I wouldnt go here again, nor would I recommend it to any of my friends, it's overpriced and probably the worst restaurant at the Wynn, definitely doesn't fit at the wynn. The only good thing about this restaurant is it is in the old location of Boulud, which looks over the lake of dreams at the Wynn.
5	I've been to all the restaurants at the wynn and encore except 'Alex' and this one is on the tier with the rest.I'm not sure why everyones hating on the lobster risotto but I thought it was awesome. The crab cakes as an appetizer were also awesome.The service was top notch, the Sommelier knew his shit and they've got several bottles for under 100. Oh, in the lounge theres a chick with fake boobs (duh) that will play anything that you request.Just like SW you can see the lake and the shows if you go after 7:30. The Lakeside mojito was excellent as well, but pretty steep, 15 bucks. Pretty standard prices though if you're drinking in Vegas.
4	What a wonderful surprise we stumbled upon. We stopped on a whim before the Garth Brooks show, not realizing what an awesome place this is. We were seated on the patio overlooking the lake and the wall of water. Immediately a team of servers went to work lighting our candle, removing extra place settings and assisting my wife with her napkin. We literally had five different people offering us outstanding service during the course of our meal. For example, we order the meatballs and when they arrived, they were brought out by a manager who introduced himself, told us a bit about the meatballs, dished them onto our plates and then waited for our approval before excusing himself. We were treated to such remarkable service the entire evening. Obviously we knew nothing about this place beforehand as we didn't even know about the impressive interactive shows that take place on the lake every half hour. The musical light shows were quite cool and left us entertained and impressed by the technological feats. Great drinks. Wonderful meal. Outstanding service. Awesome atmosphere. A bit pricey, which is why I docked it a star, but of course the prices are on par for the Wynn.
2	We are a local couple who eat out frequently and have tried many of the fine restaurants in Las Vegas. It was a surprise the Daniel Boulud was closing. What a shame that a fine eating spot died and the exquisite space filled with overpriced mediocrity. After taking in the great show - Sinatra - we decided on a late night bite and thought about trying the new Lakeside Grill. Without a reservation, we waited around 10 minutes to be seated in what looked to be a half empty restaurant. The nice woman at the reception desk lead us to our table and got us seated. That was about the best treatment we had, considering the hyped up status of the place. A polite young man took our drink order and promptly came back with a bottle of Pellagrino. Our waiter showed up soon thereafter and handed us the menu. I am totally used to paying decent money for good food and service to match, but I was sort of surprised to see the prices on this menu. I think $50 for a 9oz Fillet Mignon is a little high. Everything is ala carte. We were not starving and decided that we were just going to order a quick lite bite - Strip Steak Sliders, fries, and braised greens. The steak sliders were $7 a piece, 10 bucks for the fries, and 10 bucks for the greens. The sliders consisted of a mini slice of steak stuck in the groove of a sliced mini-baguette. The fries were great - but $10? Greens were so-so. Bottom line - $60 for some mediocre snacks is a joke. I am glad we did not go for a full blown meal. Oh - one more little thing - after the waiter took our order - we never saw him again. Not once. Later in the meal, another woman came by to clear the plates and ask if we wanted any desert. She also brought the check. For that kind of money, someone should have asked if we were satisfied with our meal. nuf said -I warned u. Many better choices. Walk over to Encore - Society Grill.
2	Came here after a long day of traveling.  Expecting some really good Vegas food, I was truly disappointed.It was obvious you were paying for a mediocre view of the waterfall show at the Wynn.Awestruck that they charged for the refills of the smallest glass of coke, filled to the brim with ice, $4 a pop.I ordered a pepperoni pizza, the menu said it also came with mushrooms and red peppers, I saw none of the last two.  I had to ask the waiter for crushed pepper flakes too.  The pizza was super thin, about as thin as you can get, and oval shaped.  The crust wasn't crisp, something you'd expect for something so thin.  Instead, it was soggy.  It seems the higher price you pay, the less food you get.Don't think I'll be coming back to this overpriced dump again.
5	most amazing meal i've had. bar none. filet was amazing, potatoes were scrumptious. and great wine! will remember this one for a very long time.
5	Like all Wynn restaurants, this one has a vegetarian & vegan menu - just ask them for it. The food was incredible, nicely prepared, & tasty. The service was great. Once they brought the wrong item, and let us keep it & did not charge for it. Make sure you get an angle to the waterfall to see the Wynn shows - they are unique & cool.
4	Situated inside Wynn hotel, sit on the outdoor patio for a waterfall show of Wynn's "Lake of Dreams" while dining. I like shows and dining, quite entertaining and relaxing experience. DJ music also can be heard in dining room.Nice modern dining area setting in white and bright citrus orange hues of leather chairs and shiny resin tables. Mirrors to catch reflections of everyone and anything.Cocktails can be acquired from a bar.Service was good. American menu. Vegetarian menu. Seafood and Steaks in menu.Liked the Strip Steak Sandwich that's moist with heap of juicy caramelized onions and truffled Robiola cheese which made it even taste marvelous with every bite. Large portioned.For the love of chocolate or sweets, there's a sweet cart named Desire that is desirable for sweet cravings in bite-sized dessert portions in chocolate, nuts, fruits and with creamy fillings. Listening to it called sounded like American playwright Tennesee Williams' 1948 Pulitzer Prize Drama "Street Car Named Desire".If not for each meal charges being on the moderate to upper values, this would be a regular dining spot. For occasional fine dining, this may well be fine restaurant for creative American food.
4	This place was good, but not as good as I expected, given that it's (a) in the Wynn, and (b) pretty expensive. I came with a party of 5 late on a weekday evening in January, so there was no trouble getting seated immediately.  I think the total bill for all 5 came out to somewhere around $300 with tip and most people did not have a full, multi-course meal.  A few people had 1-2 glasses of wine, and I think there were a couple of appetizers and desserts along with each person's entree.The good - Lakeside Grill has both vegetarian and vegan items.  That's great when you have a variety of diets in your group.  Unfortunately, the menu as a whole is pretty small.  I wasn't asking for Cheesecake Factory menu-length by any means, but it would have been nice to have a few more choices.I ended up sharing the mushroom risotto and truffle pizza with a friend.  Both were amazing, but the pizza should have been called "Onion Pizza with Truffles" rather than a truffle pizza.  The onions were completely distracting, and the pizza would have been about a million times better without them.  The risotto was delicious - not like the "Rice a Roni" tastealikes you get at most places.Dessert was not quite as good, unfortunately.  I had 2 of their small desserts - a peanut butter cup thing and a s'mores dessert.  Although they were pretty good, they tasted a lot like stuff you'd get over at the Wynn Buffet.  I was hoping the s'mores dessert would be gooier, and that the peanut butter cup dessert would at least be possible to eat with the spoons they brought.  Neither one was silverware-friendly at all, which made for some awkward dining moments.The atmosphere was great, albeit a little cheesy and weird when the giant Max Headroom-style head was being projected out over the water.  My only major complaint was that the service was surprisingly bad for the price range of the meal.  Our waiter was extremely bad at reading signals (like all menus closed, making eye contact, etc.) and the delays in service easily added at least 30-45 minutes to the length of the meal.  Even paying was difficult, as they guy basically stopped coming around after we received our entrees.  We had to flag down someone else for dessert menus, and to order, and again to get the check.  They dragged our guy back to us, but you really shouldn't have to go to that much trouble when you're eating at a place with caviar on the menu.
3	"Better Thans" run the hostess desk but once you finally get to your table everything is prepared fresh and how you ordered it. Efficient quick service. Cute when the huge frog starts to sing a quick tune outside the windows.
4	This is the new restaurant that replaced Daniel Bouloud in the Encore. Anything that could replace Daniel B would be expected to be pretty good, and this place did not disappoint me. I had a very pleasant experience here with a large party of friends. Our servers were all super nice, and I've always loved the ambiance and location, especially getting to overlook the colorful fountain show that's outside. We started off with a 2000 Brunello Di Montalcino, which was one of the surprisingly tastier red wines that I've had. Appetizer wise, their ahi tuna delicious! It was very addicting as well. Once u stop, u just couldn't stop! I ordered the filet mignon with bone marrow as my entree, which was very good, but I must say that the LAMB was THE BEST. If you like meat and lamb, definitely order that! It was just so flavorful and tasty, just melted in ur mouth! But the BEST thing that's not on the menu has got to the the TRUFFLE MAC N CHEESE! it is by the far the BEST mac n cheese that i have EVER had! seriously...order it and you WON'T regret! I would go back to this place anyday just to get the truffle mac n cheese, even to go! Once you're done with dinner, they roll out the dessert cart which totally sparkled in my eyes. There were a lot of choices and being a dessert fanatic, it was hard to choose. We finally decided on the chocolate covered caramel apples with nuts, a peanut butter cappuccino mousse (SO DELICIOUS omg), and a tirimisu in a cup. They were all very yummy and I definitely wanted to finish it all if only my stomach allowed. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here and would definitely come back again!
2	Okay food. Nothing new or different. Your regular American food, just double the price. The most interesting thing they have is a dessert cart that they push around. Cool idea.
5	We came here for my Bday dinner on Sat night. The drinks were incredible, my bf had the vodka martini and I had champagne. We had crab cakes (which were mind blowing) and oysters for appetizers. The oysters were delicious. The bread basket was fun because they had lots of different types of breads, one for every taste bud. I had the lobster risotto, very delicious but very filling. My bf had a different pasta dish. The waterfall show was romantic and entertaining. It was fun to watch and funny at times. It totally added to the overall ambiance of the dinner. View was amazing. We had a great time. Food was a little overpriced for what it was and compared to LA prices, but when in Rome... At the end of the dinner they brought out a tiny cupcake with a candle for my bday with a little wafer that said Happy Bday. It was pretty much the best Bday ever. Great Dinner.
5	We arrived in Vegas late on a Friday night, right after we checked into Encore, we had a late dinner at the Lakeside. We were sitting at a table with the view of the artificial lake. There was some waterfall and lighting show right above the lake. It was quite a visual pleasure during dining. We ordered the seafood platter and some small appetizers. They were really good. On top of it, the wine concierge recommended a white wine that went well with our pallet and our food. Big applause for him. We were really happy with the meal and the service.
3	Came here when SW Steakhouse was booked. You get the same view as the SW, but the food is ok. I tried the Maine Lobster Risotto and it was good but way overpriced. Not sure if I'll be coming back. Next time I'll try to remember to make reservations at SW.
4	I'm a fan of the atmosphere, and think that really sells me on the place. The prices are a little high for the quality of the food, but my meal was above average. I'm from maryland and reluctantly tried the crab cakes and was pleasantly surprised. I also liked the seafood courses we had. I can't say the same for the desert though. It looked like the standard fare you could find at the buffet at the Wynn. We got the doughnuts and they were for lack of a better word terrible. The drinks were all great and the music and wait staff were wonderful, not over bearing and always there when you needed something. I would definitely go back.
2	I was looking forward to a good steak dinner. Unfortunately I chose this restaurant.  The ambiance was very bright and loud with Chris Isaac music playing loud enough to make talking difficult. At the tables around us people were constantly on their cell phones. There was a "show" put on every 30 minutes that consisted of two beach balls falling in love and having a child beach ball. And then there was a music video of a woman riding a snake. This was very different then the last restaurant that was here, Daniel Bouloud, that was a great place. The food was not worth the $300 price for two people. I started with a Mac and Cheese appetizer with crab and asparagus. This was the best of the dinner. I then had the "rib chop" which was a ribeye steak. I ordered it medium it started out ok but about an inch into it it got rarer and rarer. And it was tough. The wine list was impressive but expensive. We had a $72 bottle of Chilean wine which was the cheapest on the list and fortunately very good. Service was ok but no one came to our table to ask how we were enjoying the meal. Maybe they already knew the answer. Our waiter didn't know anything about the wine list but he called over the   sommelier who was able to answer my question. All in all go somewhere else. This is way to expensive for this kind of experience. I wonder if Mr Wynn has eaten here.
4	I attempted to walk in and eat but they were too busy to seat us (good for them..) so we set a time for the following night. The decor is average,  however, we sat near the water (right next to Steve Wynn) and enjoyed the show performed on the lake. It was a very nice atmosphere. I really liked how the kitchen was visible but blocked by glass to prevent noise. As for the food, I ordered South African lobster stuffed with crabmeat and carrots & peas as a side dish. The lobster was a very big serving, and cooked perfectly. The only reason I can not give a five star review is for price. I feel that everything was a bit over-priced. Perhaps it had to help put that huge rock on Steve Wynn's new wife's finger. :)
1	What a disappointment!  The service, food and wine selection all leave much to be desired. The only good thing I can say is the setting is very nice.
4	Great lobster risotto. Dover sole only so so. Excellent service, great dessert. Shows in the little grotto/lake were amusing, whimsical, and not overwhelming or annoying. Just the right touch.This is a great option to go enjoy the Wynn and their service if you are not up for the steak house experience.  I would for sure go back.
5	We made a reservation at Lakeside Grill due to the availability of a vegan menu.  The food was absolutely fantastic.  This is the kind of meal that stops you in your tracks to enjoy the flavors.  The service was first class and the entertainment was surprising.  You can see for yourself by watching our video review (second restaurant on the video):  http://youtu.be/EsKIJ0-7gG0. I highly recommend this restaurant to any vegans in vegas.
3	Convenient if staying at either Wynn. Good service. Food was ok. Menu is widely varied from pasta to steaks. Nice atmosphere. May be better for lunch than dinner. Chopped salad was fresh but way too much blue cheese. I had steak slider. Again too much cheese on it but tasty. For dessert our server raved @ donuts nutella. Fair cause hardly any nutella filling. Donut part was good.
5	Loved loved loved this restaurant!!!  Hubby and I were in Vegas celebrating our 5 year wedding anniversary and happened upon this restaurant while walking through the Wynn.  We loved the look of the Lake of Dreams, so we booked a table for that night.  I thought the decor of the restaurant was so cool, as was the DJ playing 80s music all night, very nice touch.  She even smiled when I took her picture from afar.  The food was fabulous.  We ordered baked clams to start, delicious.  I got the lamb chops, and my husband ordered a NY strip.  Both were cooked perfectly.  We ordered the crab Mac and cheese as a side dish, YUM!!!  For dessert I got the nigella filled doughnuts...to die for.  Every 30 mins there is a cute little show on the lake, soooo Vegas!  Some thought it was cheesy, I loved it.  We saw two balls falling in love and having a baby ball, a giant singing face, dancing flowers, and a humongous frog singing "I got friends in low places".  Who could ask for anything more?????  I highly recommend this delicious, fun, hip restaurant!
5	We had a group of ten here for our after wedding dinner celebration! The food was fantastic, and they had a separate vegan menu (glorious!!). The waiter was wonderful, went out of his way to find out if the bread was vegan (it all was) and brought us vegan butter. He also split the check for all of our parties, which we found to be a rarity in Vegas. We'd love to stay at the Wynn when we go back to Vegas and can't wait to try their other restaurants.
3	Alright, I really enjoyed my experience and wish I could give a 3.75 Stars on this one.Price: the main sticking point,,, I know it's the Wynn but couldn't help but feel it was a little overpriced for the offerings and fairly unoriginal menu and the drinks really double up the price QUICKLY.Service: The service has always been excellent here,, but sometimes the bussing by committee and expediters get confused.Ambiance: Excellent ambiance, great view of the lake, extremely clean, wide open.  Some people think the music is loud, but I found it to be a non-event.  Cool bonus to see the show as well!Food: The food varied in quality but I would err to 4/5 stars on the food.  Some of the fish seemed overseasoned imo.  A little buttery in some instances as well.  Very nice though overall.
4	Beautifully designed restaurant - I especially loved the pops of orange!  The restaurant has a fantastic location right on the Lake of Dreams.  The service was impeccable and the food was quite tasty.  I enjoyed the sweet corn soup and the halibut.  The only disappointment was the blueberry tart off of the dessert cart - the crust was entirely too difficult to cut and properly enjoy without worrying you would wear it!
4	I ate here two night in a row. From researching the Wynn website I found the Summertime Taste of Wynn. Each restaurant has a separate menu specially made for this. You have to request this menu for some of the restaurants and its only for a certain time of day/night that you can order from it.  If you want to be entertained then you should grab a table outside for their water shows. But you can kinda still see the show from inside. Ive sat inside and out and still managed to see the show from inside. I had the chilled shellfish plater with some friends. Kind of disappointed that their wasn't that many pieces for us to share. From the taste of Wynn menu I had the crab cakes and caesar salad. Main course was oven roasted stuffed lobster tail w fregola pasta. The crab stuffing on the lobster was delicious and paired with 3 diff flavored butters to dip in. The desserts are petite but very tasty. You have a choice of two. I tasted the caramel apples, coconut almond bar bar, cappuccino cup, strawberry shortcake, triple coco cake(my fav), and butterscotch pot de creme.
4	I just LOVED this restaurant, I had to write about it!  This is a casual/dressy restaurant with good food.  Maybe not the BEST, but certainly not awful in any way.  Their Lobster Risotto is great, the organic chicken is good too along with their Prime Rib and New York Strip.  The best part of this restaurant is the waterfall/lake show.  Eat outside or at least indoors in front of the waterfall so you can see the mini-shows that go on.  They're soooo fun like the GIANT singing frog or the swimming balls that fall in love (yes...I said balls).  The water itself along with the trees light up in different colors throughout the night which brings a pleasant and romantic (if that's the purpose) ambience to the dining experience that other restaurants don't have in Vegas.
2	I feel like Lakeside Grill did not quite rise to the occasion of such a beautiful and tranquil location near Wynn's manmade lake.  We came here for a nice anniversary dinner with no expectations.  Service was sub-par and food was just average for the amount of money that we dropped.Food:The sides...- Lobster Macaroni and Cheese - cheesy and delicious, but this was just the side.- Crab Fried Rice - The wok flavor was there.  The slight kick of curry was just enough to create a happy party on my tongue, but the rice was slightly dry.The main dishes....- Smoked Ribs - They were cold and not fall of the bone tender.  I couldn't make myself eat more than two and just give up.  Couldn't bare to waste precious calories on non-delicious food.- Prime Rib - It's hard to compare to Lawry's Prime Rib's glorious meat, and Lakeside's prime rib certainly was NOT the juiciest and most tender.  My man even complained about the meat and the sauces, and he usually enjoys EVERYTHING.Service:Perhaps it was an off night and they're point of sale computers were acting up, but service was spotty.  It was difficult to flag anyone down, and if we could get someone's attention, they left as quickly as they came.  In the end, it took 45 minutes to get the check due to the POS system glitches, and we were glad to just get out of thereConclusion:  $240 for the bill of food and drinks, and we left disappointed with the caliber of food.  Maybe we should have went over to SW Steakhouse instead?
3	Reservation-seater problem. The hotel owner kept telling about Lakeside on TV, and what a great chef is there. So we reserved a table there the day before from our room in Wynn and asked for outside one. On the phone they told us about great food there and dressing rules, so we dressed up. When we came in, they asked us to wait. We ordered a couple of drinks. In 20 minutes the seater calls us to follow her and leads to the inside table at the entrance. We were really confused. Why we waited 20 minutes, if the restaurant inside was less than half full. We told her that we ordered an outside one. She asked, did we say to the hostess here, that we want on "the patio". No, when we were reserving from the room we asked "outside".  She didn't check and just said, that they don't have this information and if we want the patio, we can wait, but she will put us down on the list, so it will take an hour or more. This sounded like ultimatum, and we got a feeling we had no choice, so we sat down at the table. But the sitting was not comfortable - entrance and under the air conditioner. We didn't want to spend $200 like this. My husband approached the main hostess and explained her the situation, she was very courteous and professional and we moved outside. Ambiance and service. The lake is beautiful and shows are interesting. Waiters are friendly and courteous.Food. Everything was delicious, but the highlight is spice crusted big eye tuna. That chef and cooks did a great job.Overall, I guess it would be a much better experience if not a reservation-seater problem.
2	I have to say, it is is extremely difficult for me to write a review with 2 stars but I was completely underwhelmed by my experience at Lakeside Grill. I'd like to give it maybe 2.5 stars for the fact that I love the Wynn for most of its venus, and I was happy mostly with the food when dining at Lakeside. We're frequent diners about town and really wanted to go someplace neither of us had been. (Between the two of us, that's few and far between:) We decided on Lakeside because we both really dig the Wynn property and wanted to give the old space where 'Daniel Boulud' once was a try. It started to get a bit wonky beginning with reservations. We went to 'OpenTable.Com' to make a reservation for 9pm. Apparently the 'Restaurant Week' menu we wanted to try was only available after 930, and would end at 1030pm. (Though numerous websites with the 'Restaurant Week' menus stated that many of the started at 6pm...) The menu was priced at $50.11 per person and offered 3 courses. The choices wern't so spectacular, but we figured we would add on to the menu if needed. [sidenote: For some reason, when trying to reserve on OpenTable, the website would not allow us to make a reservation later than 715pm. I then called and the hostess at Lakeside moved it to 9pm for us. ]Ok so 845pm rolls around, we head to the bar to have a couple of Stoli martinis ($28.50) and waited for our table. We were seated around 910pm after we indicated we would like to sit on the patio since it was a nice evening.We get outside to a table nearly in the doorway and looked around for something else. All other tables for 2 were taken, so we stuck with it. Here's where it started to get bad. The table was directly downwind from the 'Parasol Down' bar terrace that sat in the water next to us. MUCH cigar smoke was blowing in my direction as a result. With the door from the restaurant open, it was tolerable due to the draft from inside the restaurant.. so I dealt with it. Then the server closed the door to the restaurant. lol.. I asked if he could re-open it, to which he told me he had to ask his manager. The door never got re-opened. My friend even decided to take a Benadryl to combat the allergy she has to crappy cigarette smoke ;|We wern't  trying to make issues so we dealt, as the smoke had started to subside due to a breeze. THEN a guy in a seat directly behind me began to literally chain smoke. A guy in the restaurant where we were eating.. This guy was lighting up like he was in a contest. Cigarette after cigarette.. im like.. ok dude, you win.. stop! It was so bad.This pretty much began the ruin for me. Due to new laws voted into existence by the residents in Jan 2007.. smoking is banned in all establishments which sell food other than prepackaged snacks. Im pretty sure at nearly $100 a head, this is not a prepackaged snack kind of establishment. I was getting less tolerant. *Then the very nice bread basket arrived that included warm fig rolls and that kept me quiet for a bit :) The food started to arrive and we enjoyed the 'King Crab Guacamole' we ordered to add on to our tasting menu. It was excellent!Crisp, rice-like tortillas sprinkled with what tasted like Togoroshi spice accompanied a very well seasoned and tasty guacamole that was accented with sweet corn. Very light, very good. This was  the best part of the meal. My friend and I both had caesar salads as the first course on the tasting menu.. and they were so-so.. pretty basic caesar and that was it. You can't expect too much from a caesar salad, and you wern't going to get much from the presentation of these.  Boring at best. The other choice was a crab cake, and I have had my fill of those.. so caesar it was. (should of had the crab cake)Her petit filet mignon garnished with a potato slice arrived, my swordfish with tomato sofrito came, both cooked perfectly and very tasty. No sides to accompany, but we were filling up right about now, so that was ok. The food at this point was very good. My friend even noted that whatever they are paying the grill guy, it wasn't enough.. because of the quality of the grilling. It really was excellent. From this point on, it was mini desserts offered with the tasting menu (a chocolate bar and a buffet-style piece of caramel cheesecake), 2 luke-warm, very short shots of espresso that we ordered, and just disappointment after disappointment. No check-backs from the server on any course, nothing to write home about for most of the meal and alot of smoke. I don't know what else to say.. it was a less than stellar dining experience. I know that having dined at many Wynn establishments, it's not usually something I regret.. but this was just bad. I don't see myself rushing back. The bill was just under $250 and was sort of disappointing for the price. Maybe it was an off night, maybe it was that most of the staff seems to be under 25 and inexperienced, but overall it was nearly a fail situation. Sorry! Better Luck to you!
5	Amazingly delicious food!  Had decedent Vegan menu (as all the 22 restaurants at the Wynn have).  Mmmmmm!  My guest loved the seafood too.  Very service orientated staff and free shows on the Lake!
5	I have been there twice so far and absolutely LOVE that place. It is located at the Wynn hotel overlooking the Wynn lake of dreams where you can enjoy a water and light show. So let's just say the ambiance is really nice.It is a seafood and steak restaurant  but they have, as in any Wynn restaurant, a very nice vegan menu.My boyfriend loves the calamari's appetizer, swears they are the best he has ever eaten. He also really enjoys the  lobster with a chili rub. He ordered the same thing on both our visits since he liked it so much.I had the arugula salad on both visits as my first course. I have a thing for arugula, it is my favorite type of green and the way they prepare it with lemony dressing is just fantastic!I also tried the crab cake as a main course on visit number 1 and the fried Gardein vegan chick'n with corn sauce the 2nd time. Both were really good. I asked for extra sauce both time. I loved the sauces!The second visit we were there with 2 friends who also loved their food. They all tried my vegan chicken, loved it and said they could have been fooled if not told... Well done lakeside!They had a vegan carrot cake as dessert  that was really small and yummy. Actually was perfect size since I was so full from dinner.It s definitively one of our favorite spot in Las Vegas for  fine dinning. I can't wait to go again! :)
3	Food: Great quality, but there is better quality around Vegas. For the price,  I expected better. During our 20 minute bar wait (see below) we had their Lobster Mac & Cheese. That was amazing! The bread was also really unique and delicious. I had the "Saute'ed Atlantic Sea Scallops', with celery root puree, apple chutney, and vandouvan sauc. It was four pieces, nothing special. She had the Roasted Organic Chicken. She didn't even finish it, but said it was really good. Our desert was the Smores, which was unique and really good. It's strong point was the graham cracker, and it's weakpoint was that it had too much fudge, and a little too much salt. I hate to sound too picky, but at a restaurant like this, I think you invite scrutiny.Atmosphere: Beautiful, 5/5, perfect. Service: Not the best we've ever experienced, but far from the worst . We reserved a table at 8pm on the lakeside area. When we arrived, we were taken to a table in the inside. When we told the host that we really wanted an outside table, he advised us to wait in the bar. We waited 25 minutes, before I went back to the host to see what the status was. He quickly and nervously said, 'Ah! We're ready for you!' We saw a few open tables on the outside, and I think he may have forgotten about us. :\When we were seated, the staff was very attentive, except for the very end, where they forgot to give us our desert (after a 12 minute wait) and handed us our bill instead. When she realized, she didn't ask us if we still wanted any, she bolted to the chef counter and we were given the desert about 3 minutes later.Conclusion: No one is perfect. All in all, this was a good experience, and I would go again.
1	Overpriced mediocre food. The epitome of all glitz no guts. Would stay away from here unless you want to be robbed.
2	The Hostess welcomed us with a smile, but the Host never made eye contact. Lesson Learned...first impressions count. We were quickly taken care of by multiple servers taking drink orders, filling water, etc.  These folks were great. Then the waiter came to explain the specials. It felt awkward that he too did not make eye contact. Almost as if he was looking elsewhere for a queue card.The arugula salad was simple and delicious. The tuna poke was good, but not great. I could do better in my own kitchen.The bone-in New York was excellent and could feed two. The halibut was good as well.  These were probably the only highlights of the evening.The decor is full of vibrant orange colors.  Fine, but it felt like the hotel coffee shop would work out better with this decor.As we left the restaurant, I said bye to the Host and Hostesses...no response from anyone.  Lesson Learned...last impressions count too.Overall good food but below average service.
5	Came here for my birthday dinner; had mostly selected this place because we were going to Tryst after (mistake!).  This place was not.Loved the ambiance; we had a table by the window looking out on the lake where the entertainment was...interesting.  I don't want to spoil it for you, but definitely get a table with a view if you can.Had the heirloom tomato salad and the lobster risotto, both of which were delicious (and probably would have been more so if I hadn't still be hungover, but such is Vegas).
3	Overall an OK experience.  The water show was entertaining.  Our waiter was either snobby or about to commit suicide.  He seemed to be reading a script as he told us about the show.A little disappointed by the beer selection.  Ended up switching to Wine when my meal came.The food wasn't terrible, but wasn't great either.  I had the Crisp Dover Sole.  Being from New England I expected a lot more for $58.  The presentation was great, but fish itself  was strange, I'm not sure if the sole was wrapped around another fish but the flavor was definitely not quite right.  The saving grace of this restaurant was the Vegan Menu for my Fiancee.  She loved the fact that she could get a truly vegan meal with protein and she had options.  After dinner we saw La Reve(WOW amazing) and had a great breakfast the next morning at another Wynn restaurant.
4	From Daniel Boulud to ummmm, "Lakeside'? Now that is a name that conjours up images of a restaurant perched at the edge of an artificial lake in 'any-burb' USA. Yikes! We almost didn't walk down the 'grand staircase'. But we did. So much for second guessing the quality of the food by the name of the restaurant. The food was great! We had: uber fresh, briny, sweet oysters on the half shell--YUM!, a generous serving of thin sliced Iberico ham (but not paper thin) served with arugula, small wedges of manchego cheese, green olives in olive oil and grilled ciabatta points, super soft grilled octopus served nestled on a tasty white bean salad with sherry vinegar and roasted garlic aioli, braised wagyu short ribs with gnocchi, parmesan cheese, roasted tomatoes, english peas, and flavorful wood fire grilled lemon garlic king prawns. The food was fresh and the flavors bold and forthright. No complaints about the food at all. The food was deeeelish! The 'show' in the 'magic pond' (aka the pond of dreams) was entertaining and great photo op amusing. Our waitperson, Douglas, was personable, polite and very accomodating when we asked to be moved indoors (the outdoor tables were too cold for us). So, the flaws with this reastaurant?...The outdoor patio is the place to be, however, the outdoor 'heaters' don't throw off enough heat to keep the outdoor patio diners warm and cozy. We had to ask to be moved indoors. Unfortunately the indoor tables lack the 'ambiance' of the outdoor tables. The lighting in the indoor dining area is bright and when combined with the modern dining room tables and the overall modern decor, feels jarringly harsh. The combination of the bright light and modern furniture gives the dining area a 'cafeteria' feel. So, to summarize, great food, junk name for the restaurant -- come on--you guys at Wynn can come up with a name more creative than "Lakeside"? and junk ambiance in the indoor dining area (too bright and not cozy).
5	Delicious food in a beautiful setting.  We enjoyed a great meal with good service, enhanced by the lovely water show viewable from the restaurant.
4	Been to Lakeside a couple of times and each time was great! loved watching the show on the lake outside! definitely suggest sitting out side during the spring and summer months! good service and good vibe...expensive but worth it in the end if you want a good meal
3	We had dinner here after watching Le Reve on Friday night.Pros:The view of the waterfall outside & show is cool.The waiter was pleasant.The vegan menu items were good--arugala salad, "clam " chowder & mushroom risottoThe bathroom decor is niceCons:Cocktails were $15 each and tasted terrible.Cheesy cylinders of plastic apples and oranges make the kitchen area look like a breakfast cafe.Enjoyed the buffet food just as much or more earlier that day and that was cheaper.
2	Truly an underwhelming experience, especially given the standards of quality at the Wynn.  Food was unoriginal and bland.  Service was MIA.  Despite making reservation well and advance, was seated at the first table in the restaurant.  Lesson?  Dont make early reservations, or specifically request a good table.Better yet, skip the reservations altogether and enjoy Aquanox.
4	Fantastic dinner on 2-19-2012.  Smoked prime rib was exceptional.  Scallops were tender and flavorful.   Also mac and cheese with crab was amazing, enjoyed the caesar salad and crab & avocado salad.Ambiance was beautiful with the waterfall show just outside the window.  Service by Michael and his team was flawless.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it was VERY expensive.  This was a special occasion for us, otherwise the price would have been too over the top for us.  At least it was a great dinner.
4	We had a special tasting menu prepared and everything we had was very tasty and well put together.  All the flavors in each dish were complementary.  It's a brightly decorated venue, lakeside so you can see the show.  Flavorful, well cooked food and a nice selection of wine.  Recommended.
4	The food was amazing, the wine list well put together for all price ranges. Dessert is crazy good! I would only change one thing. Let people eat dessert only on the patio. Maybe a minimum so that you can order a bottle of wine and eat desserts or appetizers while watching the amazing show. Mr. Wynn would agree I'm sure.
3	Unfortunately I was under the weather when I dined here last month.  I only had their oyster's Rockefeller, lobster bisque. and Cesar salad.  My other dinner mates ordered from filet Mignon to lobster risotto.  Their dishes looked very nicely presented but there was a mix of reviews from the tables as some plates were devoured and others weren't.  We all shared the oysters for the appetizers and it was okay.  Nothing special.  My lobster bisque wasn't spectacular either.   Cesar salad was plain as well.  Not sure if my taste buds were off cause I was sick or the food just failed to impress me.  But non the less, I kind of expected more from such a pricey establishment.We had patio seating, so we were able to see the little water show that would play every 15 minutes or so.  Very cute. Service was great, but for the amount we paid for the dinner, it would have been nice to have a complimentary slice of cake for the birthday people then just a tiny lemon cupcake.  I don't think I will be back, but hey, it was worth a try.
4	Ate here for the first time on a Saturday.  Reservations are necessary. To get here from the lobby, you have to make your way down the curved escalator.  Pretty darn cool.  Lakeside is next to the SW, Steve Wynn's signature restaurant.  Upon entry, nothing spectacularly appealing as far as decor. But the staff was very courteous and friendly.  It is an upscale restaurant ad priced accordingly.  I love children, but this is and can be a romantic restaurant and I did not see any children here.  Wait staff was extremely knowledgeable regarding wine and the food and was very prompt. We started off with some crab cake appetizers, which were excellent, and then sauteed mushrooms.  We added asparagus because we all like it and it was fantastic.  But the best thing we ordered was the Yukon Gold creamy mashed potatoes.  Outstanding.  We may have never had mashed potatoes this good.  For dinner, I got the Salmon, which was large and delicious in itself, but I did not care for the base sauce and onions.  Friends got steak, which they said was delicious. For dessert, we finished it off with three types of sorbet.  Hit the spot after such a nice meal. Aside from the bland decor, everything was excellent and hope to return.
5	I got a seat right by the window where there was an EXCELLENT man made waterfall. The atmosphere is simply class, everyone in the place seemed to be having the best time. Made reservations and it was just a short walk from the hotel I was staying in. The food was awesome, I had the surf and turf(Filet Mingon,Lobster Tail) and i was supremely impressed. Be ready to spend a little because they arent cheap, but well worth it for a good night out.
5	WOW! fantastic food and fabulous wine! Their Foie Gras is the best yet.. and I am a tough grader on this one dish!THe steaks are very well prepared, exactly the way you would want it.. the chef is very attentive.Its an expensive dinner , but well worth the $$
3	It's hard to find a much better view than at Lakeside.  Every 30 minutes their is a two minute show in the lake.  We had reservations but were denied the lakeside tables even though they were open the entire time we were there.  The wait staff was very nice.  The food was good but I expected to be amazed.  It is a very expensive meal.  I would say a minimum $150, but expect to spend around $300 with drinks and an appetizer.  That's for 2 people.  I had the filet and it was cooked to perfection.  My had the Halibut and ended up getting sick a few hours later.  I would go back for the view.
2	People come here for the atmosphere and the lakeside show.  The food is average and the service is scattered. The bathroom is gorgeous. My lobster tail was cooked perfectly, but it was average.  The side of asparagus was also cooked perfectly, but average.  In fact, the high point of my meal was a warm pretzel breadstick.Not the best Wynn restaurant, but like I said, the show makes up for everything else.  If you don't want to overpay for average food, go next door to Parasol Down and see the same lakeside show an only pay for a couple drinks.
2	My fault, I waited too long to make my reservations at SW so was talked into trying Lakeside. Why I was seated next to the kitchen without a view of the waterfall when the restaurant wasn't full as I'll never know how wait staff make those decisions since we were very well dressed. The waiter was not very interested in making it a nice night for us either. At least the Sommelier was interested enough to show some attention. My steak was good but a little too charred on the outside. I can't remember the rest of the food so I guess it would be considered unremarkable.The restaurant lighting is also kind of funny, it's not dark or light...just something in the middle which gave you a weird feeling. I'll never come back.
2	I'd had much better.  My dover sole tasted like a buttered heart attack on the plate.  I could feel all the butter slowly creep down my innards as the night went by.  Don't order the dover sole - it's horrible...Sitting outside and hearing the waterfall is a nice experience.  It's very romantic and they have a light show when it gets dark every hour?  But show gets boring after a few minutes.There are better restaurants to eat at inside Encore/Wynn such as Sinatra's.
3	I was a bit disappointed because the service was not very good. Even from first entering the restaurant the service was not good. The decor and atmosphere is nice, especially if you can get a seat outside by the lake of dreams. The vegan food was delicious but nothing to rave about. The show which is played on the lake is quite cheesy. So all in all it was just ok. I was expecting better.
3	Overall I had a good experience at Lakeside. I loved the outdoor patio eating area that overlooked the man made lake which offers a "show" every 15 minutes or so. The food was very good. I had the sea bass which was flavorful. The prices are higher than I prefer but the fact that it's Vegas means I had to expect to pay more.
4	I was able to make a reservation early in the afternoon, but kind of thought we wouldn't even need one. Well, luckily I did because the place was full soon after we got seated (8 pm). We were lucky enough to be seated at a window table, but overall it didn't like there was a bunch of bad seats anywhere. The waitstaff was awesome and the sommelier even offered to help us with our non-wine drink selections.I think my favorite part of the meal was the warm pretzel bread that was served with the dinner rolls, I know its not high-end, but it was damn tasty. We had an appetizer and two entrees and were very satisfied with everything. The cocktails were delicious and refilled promptly.Finally, make sure you don't miss the singing frog show. I love that freaking frog.
2	Expected more for the price.  Our 2 person meal cost more than $300 with one glass of good wine.  Adequate sized portions but still too pricey.Starters:Ahi poke - tasty with jalapenosSoft shell crab, fried with a spicy sauce - just ok (reminded me of an Outback bloomin' onion)Salad (most disappointing course of the evening) - should have gotten the lobster bisque.  The heirloom tomato salad was icky (soggy cut up big chunks of tomatoes and bits of mozzarella and they forgot the pistachios and the flavor; when I asked the server about them, he looked confused.  Shouldn't you know the dishes?  This salad was definitely not worth $20!  Wish I could give this dish negative stars.(Maybe I've been spoiled from eating the most amazing heirloom salad at Jaleo in Wash, DC.  Now that's how it should be done!)Entrees:Dover sole - covered in dry, crusty bread crumbs, couldn't even taste the fish, and the broccolinis were mostly hard stem pieces.  Hope all their other fish dishes aren't as disappointing.Lobster risotto saved the day - very well doneSides - crab mac&cheese and asparagus were good but pricey at $14-$16Dessert:Absolutely the highlight of the meal and saved it from being totally mediocre.Get the Strawberry Napoleon, but only if you like basil.  Who knew ice cream could be basil flavored?  Surprising and delightful combination of flavors.The service was very good and brought the star rating up.  I read some of the other reviews, but we found our waiter to be very attentive and, unlike the server, he knew everything about the menu.  Wish he had turned me off the dover sole, though.  He was the one who recommended the Strawberry Napoleon, so all is forgiven.  We never had to ask for drink refills and plates were cleared without our even noticing.The manager took the time to come speak with us and that was nice and unexpected.
5	So, part 2 of my conference stint in Vegas. After Bradley Ogden -that somber cave- we ate on the next night, Sunday at 8 pm, at the Lakeside Grill in the Wynn. A completely different atmosphere. The space was occupied by Daniel Bouloud last time I was in Vegas. A prime spot in a luxurious hotel. Bouloud is obviously gone (mmmm, wonder why?) and now it is the Lake Side Grill. The restaurant was half empty that evening like Ogden, and we still did not order any alcohol, but we immediately got taken care of. And courteously so. The decor in the restaurant is refreshingly perky (orange and white) in that " tasteful over the top " Vegas oxymoronic way ( Vegas can be so quaint, ah ah!). A note on the ladies' bathroom: what an amazing cocoon, lovely and precious, with just enough glitter to make a lady feel grand.The hostess placed us at a fabulous table on the terrace overlooking the man-made "lake" and its "waterfall": a luxury we keenly enjoyed. The service was friendly and at the same time very professional, sprinkled with discreet touches of personalized care ( I requested an ingredient should be taken out of the quinoa dish and another added, and both wishes were granted to me after consultation with the chef. Yeah, power, baby! The exchange felt mature and not phony.) My co-worker and I shared a fois gras appetizer that was just scrumptious (don't hate us) . His main course grilled chicken was juicy and plump. My quinoa was tasty. On the dessert menu, lo and behold, we spotted a Strawberry Napoleon, like at Ogden's, so we ordered it to compare; I don't know if it was the atmosphere, or the decor, or the great service, but it tasted fresher and more flavorful than the Bradley O. one. Atmosphere, baby, is everything.We ended up spending 2 leisurely hours on that terrace, basking in the peace of the "lake" landscape placed in front of us by the Wynn architects' s crazed imagination.Every half hour, I think, some electronic 3-minute show pops up to animate the waters for the diners' enjoyment. Some of it was silly but inoffensive, and some of it unexpectedly touching, like a Pixar cartoon. Nor here nor there: it was a full experience, and a very pleasant one.And I loved -LOVED- being de facto outdoors on that terrace, enjoying the night's natural desert heat. When are Vegas' powers going to learn that there is nothing pleasant about being stuck in a dark corner of a freezing casino eating under fluorescent lights, when sunshine beckons all around?
3	I brought several business contacts and friends here last week.  Like every Wynn/Encore restaurant, with the exception of Country Club Steak, it was exceptionally over priced and had luke warm service for the money.We had a large group and several servers and they were functional but with little personality or passion.  Maybe they are trained to serve stoic people from other places, but this is Vegas so let's at least have some energy.I had the filet which was solid but no comparison to STK, Delmonicos or Del Frisco.The atmosphere was much flatter than I expected for a Friday night.  We brought a fun group with the intention on being in the middle of some action.  The show that goes on over the water was a bit disappointing.  The upside was it was so quiet, it felt like we had a private dining room.Overall very functional food and a pretty venue, but you can do better within Wynn at Country Club Steak and the other venues noted above.
4	Really nice dinner.  Out of our 6 or so meals at Wynn/Encore during our weekend getaway, this was the nicest one.  The watershow is fun and entertaining, a different show occurs every 30 minutes.  I thought the food was very good.  I had the Sauteed Scallops and it was really REALLY good.  I traded one with a friend for a piece of his tuna.  I kind of regret not hoarding my scallops though!  All of us in our party loved the meal.  It did take a while for us to get our food and that was surprising because it did not appear to be crowded.Dessert was great.  I opted for a small piece of the turtle bar thingy and it did not disappoint.
4	This is more of a secret than a review. I have not actually eaten a meal here, however, my wife and I were at Parasol Up and saw a sign for a special oyster happy hour at Lakeside below. We decided to check it out and it turned out to be the find of this stay at the Wynn. The special is $1.50 oysters in the bar. They were amazing. We loved them so much that our first night we ordered two orders of a dozen (two of each of the six varieties they had that evening). When they arrived, the waitress explained which were which (I always find this helpful) and left us to just be wowed. The oysters also arrive with a nice garnish tray if you like saucing yours up. An Asian sauce, vinegar and onion, and a cocktail sauce. Lots of lemon and horse radish accompanied. We enjoyed our oysters on the nights we visited with very nice dirty martini's. They came with traditional pimento olives or blue cheese stuffed (these were always being made and never available when we asked for them)Swing by Lakeside. If this special is offered, take them up on it. It will be well worth your visit. We will try the restaurant next time.
4	Lakeside is good, but very expensive. Portions are big and very tasty, but I believe that while the food is very good, it is still over priced. My wife ordered the king crab legs , at $75 a pound, and had to send them back because they were too salty. However, the wait staff quickly brought her new crab that was much better.  The portions are huge and the food is generally very good. I ordered a prime rib that was the thickest I had ever seen while dining out.  I had an add-on of scallops that were fantastic, but 2 scallops cost me an additional $20.  The bread is very good, especially a pretzel type that s served in a basket.The staff was very attentive and met our needs efficiently.  Despite the heat, we sat outside on the waters edge. Lakeside is good for a special occasion or romantic dinner, but be prepared to cash in a lot of chips to pay for it.
3	Dinner for 4 = $360 with only 2 folks drinking? Steak was good but not that good. Very pretty place!
3	Decent experience.  Good bread and dessert.  Meal was so-so.  The manager was amazing to us, but the meal was "eh".  It was fabulous to sit and watch the show.  Great thing to do if you're looking for something to do before going out for the night or as a lower-key night.  My husband and I had a really nice time, but would only slightly recommend it.
4	We had our wedding reception at lakeside grill for 50 people in the vista room.   Christina Telese was my contact for the event, and she was nothing short of fantastic.  She really helped me get everything together and I could not have done it without her.  We chose this location based on a couple of things.  1.  SW would not accommodate a party our size 2. We have eaten here before and liked the food, although the service left something to be desired3. It's a beautiful space in a beautiful hotel The menu we chose was their priciest at $150.00 pp.  Mostly everything was great but there were some misses.  Our menu consisted of... *Antipasto including iberico ham, manchego cheese, marinated olives & bread -  this was a hit.  everything was delicious*Black Truffle Arancini -  Delicious and they went fast*Whipped garlic feta cheese with mushrooms and bread - Could have skipped itShellfish Platters - made up of the largest shrimp I have ever seen, lobster tails, oysters and Alaskan king crab legs.  These were awesome.  everything tasted fresh and great.  Nice portion for everyone at our tableSalad Course was good, tomatoes, garbanzo beans, peppers, manchego King Crab Risotto -  This dish was very rich and very tasty.  the risotto was perfectly cooked.Our entrees consisted of Dover Sole - my guests who ordered this said it was OK and wished they got something else.  It was not prepared properlyFilet and Lobster tail -  the filet was perfectly cooked as were the lobster tales but the tales were tiny.  I mean baby lobster tiny.  Still very good though. Bone in NY Strip - The steak itself was very good, however, our guests did not get a choice on temperature.  So most were very rare.  I know that this is typical for most large parties but still.. For dessert we had an assortment brought to each table.  Nothing was really a stand out unfortunately.  The service for the most part was great, the beginning of the meal felt very rushed to me.  I'm not sure anyone else noticed but overall it was a fantastic meal.  I will definitely return.
4	Great food and service.  We went here with another couple and all of us enjoyed our meals.  The seafood was outstanding and those who ordered steaks liked them too.  The light show display over the lake was magnificant!
3	Food is great, service not so great.  Oh, let me not forget if you are wearing shorts they will not seat you and should they happen to miss you wearing shorts, they will escort you out of the restaurant.  Thank God for the Ferrari store...$70 sweat pants work just fine.  View is incredible too.
4	YAY! I am a fan in the sense that the service is good and GEEZ do my kids enjoy the entertainment!  Big heads, dancing frogs, flowers, etc.  Cool spot for sure.  Similar menu items to SW with seafood.  I must say that I think I prefer SW steakhouse as far as the food is concerned.  Sadly my scallops were over cooked, everything else was great. Server was attentive, without being annoying, good wine list as well. Would i come back, TOTALLY!
5	What an excellent meal! We didn't have reservations, but being a guest at the Wynn sure helped out in getting seated quickly. I think the VIP attitude could be taken down a notch, but I suppose I felt special for a moment there. It was a steak dinner for both of us and the filet mignon dazzled my plate. Adorned with an amazing sauce, I was definitely content. Their special mojitos were great too. If only I could remember the flavor...
4	Had a very nice dinner here last week while I was out in Vegas.  Actually it was the second time I have been there.  Located in the Wynn which I think is the most tastefully decorated casino in Vegas, if there is such a thing.Made a reservation on open table about an hour before arrival.  We were quickly seated with an inside table looking out over the pool and waterfall.  Perfect seats for being inside.Our meal was great.  I had salmon that was done very well and my guest were equally happy with their fish dishes.  The service was great and the wine list was adequate not fantastic.Overall a great place on the strip.  A little less hectic then the rest of the strip.
4	Steve Wynn is a radical vegan these days, so all his restaurants feature vegan options. I am most definitely NOT a vegan...but I like to try new stuff, so a friend took me out for a little sampling one night. We started with appetizers at SW steakhouse (see my other review), and then walked across the hall for dinner here.Food-wise, the vegan menu was about the same as at SW. We ordered the "clam" chowder, which was ASTONISHINGLY like real clam chowder -- they use chopped oyster mushrooms to give that rubbery clam mouthfeel you know and love, and I swear even the crustiest old sea dog out of Nantucket wouldn't know the difference.For entrees, we had the "crab" cakes and the "fried chicken," which was made from this weird protein substitute called Gardein. Whatever it is -- it is AWESOME! Tastes like chicken, feels like chicken, looks like chicken...who knows what the hell it REALLY is (knowing the capitalist kingpin proletariat-grinders who frequent the Wynn, probably Soylent Green).The waiter (actually, now that I think about it, it was the sommelier...the waiter wasn't too engaging)  was very attentive to our desire to try vegan stuff, so he had them send us a vegan bread basket, with vegan butter (more soylent green). It was great! We also had some wine, and then strayed from the vegan shtick for dessert, and ordered a few fun fruity little things that were fantastic.Atmosphere-wise, I appreciate the fact that this restaurant is half open-air, on a sort of patio overlooking one of the fake lakes at the Wynn, facing a giant waterfall. Every 20-30 minutes or so, a cheesy 5-minute "show" takes place on the waterfall: two balls of colored light dance around, cooing and making weird sex noises until a little baby ball pops out. Weird! Another show features two giant steampunk-esque mechanical flowers that bloom and sort of flirt with each other in a creepy flowery way. Another mini-show is a weird avant-garde 80s pop-art extravaganza set to that lame-ass 80s song "Oh Yeah" by Yello. YOU know the one. And the last vignette (or whatever the hell you want to call this weird/lame-ass shit) is this SUPER-cheesy giant frog in a UBER-corny black Stetson who sings Garth Brooks's "I've Got Friends in Low Places." W..............T.....................F!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I know Steve Wynn is a vegan.....but maybe he should lay off those MUSHROOMS a little...ya know?!?!?!?!!!!!!
2	After a great experience on my husbands 59th (see review) We returned to Lakeside for my husbands 60th, when I called to request outside, Lucy,at the desk berated me like a bad child,saying I had NO chance. When I got to the manager he finally said "we will do all we can for you" (all I was asking).We were seated 45 min late (which was ok, because we did get an outside table) our nice server ,already had too many tables,which was no problem, because we were in no hurry.  Which was a good thing since the dinner took forever. No problem until they sat a group of 30 (very demanding and loud group) next to us, then we became invisible. We had to ask for each course and ask  to have plates removed. We had the seafood appetizer which was great, a salad/soup course (the lobster bisque was ok at best) then steaks which were good.  But, to have to flag down someone to take away the dirty plates, each course was annoying and they made no apologies for this group that screamed from table to table and kept bumping our seats When the server was bringing the check and I reminded him of my husbands 60th (which I had put in the reservation and certainly mentioned a dozen time to reception)  he had the busboy bring a minicupcake with a candle (something you would pick up at walgreens (the obnoxious guy at the next table leaned over and said "you couldn't afford a real cake?" That was the kicker!!  I complained to the female manager who dismissed me with a "this is what we do!" When I said last year, they brought a lovely dessert with happy birthday "written" on the plate, she dismissed me with a "well, that must have been a special arrangement"   No apology, no questions about our meal, just irritation.    The only reason I am not giving a "terrible" is because the Manager Alex was accommodating, and the food was good.   This was the only thing we "preplanned" for his big 60th birthday, so we probably had too high of expectations (expecting the service we had last year).  I can no longer recommend Lakeside Grill.
4	The typical New American seafood restaurant, with the prerequisite fresh raw bar and delicious, fish offerings sauced and dressed to turn the good into the sublime.  Solid.So why Lakeside?  One word:  lobsters.Lobster lovers, this might be one of the few opportunities to try four of the worlds best cold water varieties side by side.  Grab a friend.  This tasting is four mains, over four pounds, and a $450 price (don't gasp, you know you paid more for other "services" in Vegas)Simply roasted in a wood burning oven and served with drawn butter.  Light smoke permeates the dense tail meat, enhancing its flavor while maintaining its juiciness.  Pronounced flavor differences make for a mind blowing tasting.  My notes:1. Maine - Classic.  Clean flavor with a hint of celery.  Well balanced sweetness.  Firm texture.2. West Australian - Incredibly sweet.  Citrus and cucumber back flavor.  Not as firm as the others but far from soft, pasty texture of warm water lobsters.3. South Australian - A powerhouse.  Complex sweetness mixed with a subtle hint of fresh seaweed and iodine (Hawaii yeeps, think ogo).4. South African - A blank canvas.  Enhanced by anything on it (ie herb citrus butter).  Firm texture.Deserving of mention, the grilled octopus with white bean salad, sherry vinegar, and roasted garlic aioli starter is a party in your mouth with its charred bitterness on the octopus, sweet and sour of the vinegar, heat from the garlic and a creamy, richness from the aioli.  The decor is modern and not for everyone.  Request an outdoor table.Service is good with the only distraction from obnoxious diners taking calls on their mobiles.Good wine list.  Resort prices.Indulge.  It's Vegas!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! i guess you can if you want, if you want to overpay for some of the worst oysters i have ever had, the baked clam appetizer awful, and a mediocre Cesar salad, 1 Fuji and 1 house water,  $70 bucks.
4	Service is great but the place is a little overprice for the quality of food.  We had foie gras which was decent.  Lobster bisque was OK.  Shrimp cocktail is average.  Their bread is really good.  We also had fish which again was decent but nothing fantastic.Also ask for the table closer to the window or outside all together.  The booths in the back of the restaurant do not have a view of the show.  Neither do the tables in the middle.Drinks are good but a little pricey.
5	From the moment my wife and i walked in at lake side, the ambiance just blew us away. Joe the manager knew it was our anniversary, soon as we sat down they bought us a glass of champagne. Service was awesome. My wife loved the Oyster Rockefeller and the fresh stone crab claws, while i enjoyed my roasted beet salad with goat cheese. As for our entrees our steaks were amazing, cooked perfectly and very flavorful, one of the best we ever had. The sommelier James pick out a perfect wine to compliment our appetizers. Overall....if your in Vegas, don't pass this up. What an amazing evening we had. Thank you everyone at lake side.
1	Came here for a very special occasion.  The prices are high and it's in the Wynn.  My expectations were high - as they should be for a place like this.  Unfortunately, it did not meet my expectations.  One of the worst $120+ meals I've had.The best part of the meal was the Basket of bread - Keep it coming!The show was good, there's a show every 30 minutes.  We watched 3 of them and they were all different.Cons:* Halibut - Way too dry.  Had to keep drinking water to eat 1/2 the meal.* Lobster Bisque - Way too salty.  Again, water saved the night.* Swordfish - Tasteless and boring seasoning.* Wine pair - Sucked, the servers didn't have a clue on what was good to pair the dishes with.  We sent back the wine twice!* Slow service
5	I try and visit Lakeside each time I am in Vegas. I have been visiting the location since the Wynn Las Vegas opened in 2005. From 2005-2012 the space contained the Daniel Boulud Brasserie. The space itself is truly unique. Inside the color palette is primarily orange and is spacious yet intimate. Most tables offer good views of the Lake of Dreams performance that takes place every thirty minutes on the lake that the restaurant's primary views overlook. The food is pricey but very good. There is a vast wine selection. This is an outstanding and very unique restaurant and location to host clients. If you have an interest in the performance, there is no better seat than outside next to the lake. Seating there is "first come" but worth the wait if there is one.
5	The lobster risotto here was amazing. It was the best risotto dish I have ever had. The service was great and we had an amazing table facing the laser show outside.
3	Good seafood.  Waiter was trying to upsell on the Scottish blue lobster (it was sooo obvious thus annoying), .  Wife just had the maine lobster and I had the bass.  I liked it.  Drink was good (dream), flower in it tasted great.  Ok for the price we paid, not a great experience.
4	Very pleased that they honored our request for a table near the windows with a view of the Lake of Dreams, and that they got us out in time for our show.It's a steak and seafood place.Wine by the glass is surprisingly reasonable, though their bottle start a little high.  They have an interesting bottled beer list, as well as some number of "normal" choices for those so inclined.The bread basket was very good.We ordered the octopus app - correctly cooked, though a relatively small serving with some salt bombs.  The foie appetizer arrived nicely seared, though the biscuit it was served with was both a little large for the portion and somewhat dry.  The appetizer assortment was nicely plated, though it took a while to show up, and contained some cool squid on sticks, pieces of wagyu, whole shrimp, little bowls of scallop, four rather strongly fishy siu mai and a small serving of tuna tartare with what appeared to be trout roe.A shrimp entree in tomato sauce contained four large, if slightly over-firm shrimp.  The scallop entree likewise had four large scallops, but was overly salty.  Salmon arrived nicely moist for being ordered medium-well, on a shallow bed of rice, and the Blackened Swordfish was a generous portion.They offer a "Dessert Cart" where you can choose from some number of options, though the cart itself appears to be more theoretical than actual.  At $18 for three small items to share, it was a better value than many other things on the menu.I wouldn't say that anything we had here was amazing or done to a notably high standard, but the location is excellent, the food decent and the service workable.
3	Had high hopes considering David Walzog (SW) was the chef. Naturally my party and I ordered seafood dishes; I the Dover sole and my guests the sea bass. The dishes were somewhat plain and uninspiring to be honest. And the service was lackluster. Nothing spectacular about the restaurant which was disappointing as I usually have great meals at the Wynn. Well actually my Caesar salad was quite tasty. Perhaps I chose the wrong dishes but it will be difficult to find myself back at this spot. If you're looking for seafood at the Wynn, go to Bartalotta instead.
2	Service was poor. Waiter was fine but the lobster was under cooked (raw) and the manager did little (IE nothing) to correct this. Additionally the lobster meat was sparse, like the lobster had been sitting a while and eating its own flesh due to starvation. Also, ordered a cocktail "neat" and they charged for 1.5 shots (something about how neat comes with more and therefore (Casino rules) they must charge more). Didn't ask for a double, asked for a single but got charged for a double. Again, manager had nothing of value to say about this. Will not return. Expect more and deserve more (paid nearly 200 a head after wine, so it's not like we went cheap).
4	For the price you pay, we were very pleased with the quality of food and service you receive from Lakeside.  Our dinner started at 8:30pm and we were seated near the outside view of the waterfall/light show.  As I walked past the other tables, the server had brought out a live lobster on a tray to show other guests.  Too bad I am not a fan of lobster!This restaurant doesn't offer a tasting menu.  Everything is a la carte.  The average price for each dish is around $40 which I find it being very reasonable for its location and ambience.  We ordered couple appetizers and four entrees.   The only dish I thought was average was their foie grais.   The seafood dishes were all above average.  Even the bread basket they served was pretty good.  My favorite dish was the lobster risotto.  The shrimps, scallops and fish dishes were good but I would order their lobster risotto next time.  And yes, this is one of those restaurants I would dine over and over again when I'm in Vegas.  We looked over the dessert menu after our dinner and noticed they did not serve coffee ice cream.  The waiter tried to best to find that flavor ice cream by calling the restaurant next door since the pastry chef works at both restaurants.  We suggested a shot of espresso and a scoop of their vanilla ice cream instead.  Affogato style!  He was able to make that magic happen and we happily ate this amazing ice cream that was made from scratch by their own chef.   Next time I am ordering my own!   The espresso was from illy which made the overall dessert taste that much better!   Lobster risotto and Affogato for dessert.  That's all I can say about this place that makes them 4 stars!
4	Good Broccolini. And delicious crab w guacamole. Pleasantly surprised!! I agree with other reviews that the quality of food is good for the price you pay. Seared yellowtail with pepper was also quite good. If you're staying at the Wynn  would definitely consider eating here for the price. Dinner was almost $100 less than Gordon Ramsey steak house and B and B.
4	Loved the food...a little pricey but worth it. If you can try to get a table on the balcony near the water, they have a little water show while you eat that's pretty cool. The views are beautiful...enjoy
4	Great service! The Maine lobster was OK. Yes just OK for the price I paid.
5	This was quite the hidden gem. I had no idea about this place until we met a friend here.This place is nestled in the Wynn Hotel next to the lake of dreams.  I wasn't sure how expensive this place was, so when I saw the prices I had some sticker shock!    I rolled with it and picked the Prime Rib.  It was 20 ounces of pure DELIGHT!  I had it cooked medium rare and it came out perfect. It had some mushrooms on it and it was the best rib eye I've ever had.  The prime rub is GRASS FED. We also had the Salmon and Far Qua.Service was spectacular.  This was real fine dining. My Cherry Pepsi was always full, except for 10 mins when a large group next to us sat down. The waiter was very nice and friendly. No stick up anyone's behind here!We got to sit next to the window which is next to a lake that plays a unique little 3-5 minute show every 20 minutes.  Had a fun time here for sure.  This place and its ambiance is great for a romantic evening with a significant other.  Highly recommended for sure!  The best prime rib I ever had here.  I will be back.
5	We try to come to Las Vegas at least a few times a year.  Although we generally stay at the Venetian, I make a point of researching the best restaurants before we arrive as the fine dining and concerts are what Vegas is all about for us.   There are a few restaurants that we dine at each time we are in town.  Although this was our first visit to the Lakeside, it has made "the list" and we will be returning in the future.We asked specifically to have a nice table outside by the lake and it was spectacular!  The temperature was perfect and it was a wonderful experience.  I think that the only restaurant that can really top the view is the Eiffel Tower.  And while we had an amazing view at the Eiffel Tower the previous night, it was very hot and stuffy there.  The Lakeside was far superior.  (Likewise, we were at Delmonico's several nights ago and our "view" was an exit sign near the door even though the restaurant was not crowded and we will not be back.) When you are paying $100 per person, you truly want the whole ambiance of the restaurant to be perfect.Our waiter, Douglas, was superb.  He was knowledgeable in suggesting a wine when I asked for a dry, "oak-type" white wine.  He was helpful in every way and went with the flow when I engaged him in conversation.  He suggested that the side dishes were quite large and I appreciated this information.  The entire staff was excellent and even the waiter who brought the bread and other amenities was THE BEST.I have to state that the Lakeside has the most unique and delicious breads of any restaurant we have eaten at in Las Vegas.  Their raisin bread was AMAZING!Additionally, I had one of the most enjoyable appetizers consisting of an Alaskan King  Crab/Guacamole combination.  It was excellent!My main entree was jumbo shrimp and they were huge.  Moreover, the restaurant fulfilled my every request when I asked for specific ingredients    on the side.  The Lakeside also has some of the most unique (and yummy!) side dishes.  We had a scallop/shrimp fried rice dish and an Alaskan King Crab type of macaroni dish.  Both were superb!The dessert menu was extensive, but nothing really grabbed my attention so we decided to pass on it.  I know if we had not been so full that we might have sampled it, however.The ONLY criticism that I had of the restaurant was that they do have the fresh lobsters on a cart and wheel them to your table to help with enticing you to order the lobster.  Although I love the taste of lobster, I personally don't like being their "executioner" and having to look at them.  I realize that this is simply good form, but I just found it to be really sad.  The Lakeside is a marvelous restaurant that lives up to its reputation in every way.  I spoke with the Manager and it was clear that she values the feedback from diners.  The place is exquisite without being pretentious, yet is impeccable in following fine dining etiquette.  However, when their diners are of a more relaxed persuasion, they have no trouble adapting.  It has my highest recommendation.
3	Appetizers are Lakeside's strong point. The crab salad and ahi poki were fantastic. I could eat the former everyday. Large pieces of crab meat tossed in a light creamy dressing and served with avocado and plantain chips. I was in heaven. I could have done without the calamari. It was beautiful to look at, but the batter went soggy too quickly. The drinks are really what brings Lakeside down. The apple sour was one of the worst drinks I have ever tried. The Sinatra Smash was much better. At this point in the night, I was done. The service was good. My water never ran more than half empty and they kept a clean table. As of right now, the experience was a hit or miss encounter.
5	Vegan menu is FABULOUS! Holy cow, I can't believe that it's not butter (meat, animal products, etc!).We seriously tried just about everything on the Vegan menu. Even the vegan butter is delicious!  Don't take my word for it, just go and try it yourself. The best part of the experience? A HUMUNGOUS SINGING FROG! Oh em gee, I was definitely not expecting that to happen.  Only in Vegas!
4	Fancy.  The decor and ambiance is exactly what I would expect of Vegas.  "Overly" everything (over sized, over decorated, over enthusiastic, over the top.   While the prices were very high, again, I guess that's what you expect in Vegas (lobster $75 a pound, $38 for four scallops).  Service was exactly as expected--top notch.  We especially enjoyed the waterfall show during our dinner.  What an enjoyable experience!!
5	Lakeside did not disappoint!  I made a reservation for after le reve and when we arrived I requested a table outside by the lake.  We waited in the bar for 10 min and were then given an excellent table.  Rene was our server and he was honestly the best waiter I've had in YEARS.  He was so pleasant to talk with and made EXCELLENT recommendations when asked.  We had the chef's special (halibut) and the seared yellow-fin.  The quality of the fish was impeccable and it was so very well prepared.  Again, I can't complement Rene enough for the quality of service.  He was always there when we needed something but never a bother.  The lake shows were a bit strange but offered some amusing entertainment.  The lake itself is gorgeous.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in vegas.
5	The perfect finish to an evening after seeing Le Reve! Our waiter, Rene, made great recommendations and we had the tuna and halibut. Divine! The bread basket they bring to you with all the different breads is so yummy! Such a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere outside at the Lake of Dreams. The shows on the lake were most entertaining. A delightful evening!
5	Beautiful restaurant. We requested our seating outdoor facing the waterfall. Excellent food!
4	My brother and his lovely bride had their reception here after their wedding at the Primrose Courtyard. The wedding was almost two weeks ago and that is how long I've been thinking about the meal I ate here. If you are looking for shrimp large enough to put a saddle on and ride, this is your place. I am still dreaming of the amazing steak and lobster tail I had- the steak had a delicious, salty crust which surrounded tender and flavorful meat. I am not usually a steak eater but I almost turned into Spalding from "Caddyshack" asking the table "Are you going to eat your fat?" The lobster was perfectly cooked and buttery and the whole she-bang was put on a tomato sauce that tasted like the most intense, flavorful marinara you have ever had. I had one of the truffles from the dessert menu and it was this interesting combination of rich chocolate and salt- sounds weird but if you are like me and love sweet/salty, this is your jam. One cool part of the meal is the Lake of Dreams show that occurs every 30 minutes. It was weird and quirky and the highlight of my kids' dinner. Try to sit outside if you can so you can really get the full effect. I hate to fly, but I'd gladly hop on a plane to get another steak from Lakeside.
2	Yes it's true, the bread basket was the best part of our meal. That's what the second star is for. I get it, the Wynn = big time nice stuff, fancy and expensive. I was prepared to pay for a good dinner, not a 58 dollar plate with 3 gigantic fake tasting shrimp that were swimming in a tomato sauce that tasted like it was from a jar from the local neighborhood market. Our salads tasted and looked like they were from Denny's or something alike. Yes, the patio looked nice and the decor was entertaining, but IMHO the place and the food were over rated. The next night we dined at La Cave, it was much better!
3	Food fabulous.  Our Table waiter was great .  The small Asian hostess rude and needs customer service and how to smile training session. Had reservations she said we didn't. Proved her copy of reservation from Edee concierge at Ceasars she told us we had cancelled them.  What?  She told us to wait in bar we did for over 45 minutes.  We tried and tried order drinks (only 10 people at bar @ that time we were totally ignored) finally got some after 15 minutes sitting at bar no lessWhen she came to get us hesitantly put our drinks on her tray ... Not sure why she did it for the three other couples she sat before usnot sure why she apparently looked down on us Fortunately the show La Rev prior to dinner awesome and the food and our waiter fabulous Would have given a 5 star but hostess sets the tone and she needs to realize whether it's the first or 100th customer of the night be nice, smile, believe your customer and don't stereotype or make them feel like liars when they have proofBTW I tried to tell her that it was my husbands birthday. She could have cared less.
4	3 for the food but 4 stars for the space and the entertainment, we got a front row seat to the early evening activities.  Food was good but not great.  Service again lovely. We went on weekday night so no rush.  I can image it is a zoo on weekend.
3	Just visited Lakeside after reading the Yelp reviews and they were spot on about Lakeside. For the most part it was a lovely experience. Nice ambiance, table outside and fun with the Lake of Dreams show. Considering the cost I thought that the bright orange plastic menus were a little cheesy. The service was good but again at a place like this I would expect excellent. For apps we had the crab and avacado dish which was just ok and the crab cakes which were delicious but small. The chef also sent us fried risotto balls any they were fantastic. For entrees we had Swordfish, Halibut, the Lobster Risotto and the Scallops. The entrees were good but my main complaint was that none of it was very hot. I want my food served piping hot and I tried three of these dishes and they were barely warm. We also ordered the beet salad and the crab mac n cheese. I had read good things about this mac n cheese so I was really looking forward to it and it just didn't stack up. It was overly cheesey and just kind of gross.The bread basket was fantastic as well as the drinks.
5	I have NEVER given a 5 rating, but I am so satisfied with this restaurant that feel I must. Food is superior, beautifully presented. Decor Is beautiful, yet very relaxing. Service was top notch. What can I say, simply wonderful.
5	My boyfriend took me here on a recent trip to Vegas, and I had the best time.The food was amazing!  We always eat family style so we shared the filet mignon, swordfish, and creamed spinach.  The meats came out cooked perfectly, and were so tender.  The spinach was the best spinach I ever ate.  I could've just had that!  At the end of the meal they surprised us with a dessert for our anniversary which were two lemon cupcakes.  Yum!  There's a show that goes on during dinner on the outside screen which was fun to watch. The decor was nice, the music was enjoyable, and the service was excellent!I will have to go there again!
1	Raw oysters were dry. Makes me fear they were opened hours earlier and now i am fearing sickness and regretting not sending them back. Kingncrab guac was ok but more like crab and and avocado not guacamole and no chips. My steak was ok but i ate maybe half as it was nothing special.Lobster poutine was very bad call to use mozzarella as it was more like congealed wood glue rendering the dish one solid piece. Maybe a few pieces of lobster were free but almost impossible to eat/serve without a knife. Creamed truffle spinach was quite good   I am so disappointed i want my money back and hope i dont get sick.
3	My husband and I went here last night for dinner and I booked the restaurant ONLY because it had outdoor seating by the Wynn lake. I made the reservations on OpenTable over a week beforehand. When we got there we were told that an outside seat would be an hour wait...immediately I was annoyed because this is the reason I made reservations ahead of time and I requested a seat outside. I've worked in the restaurant business...if you can't guarantee outdoor seating then make a note of that on reservations sites etc. OR don't overbook your patio. If wait had been 15-30 minutes I would have been understanding and had gone to the bar to wait...but an hour wait is ridiculous...poor planning in my opinion.Dinner was pretty good. My husband and I ordered a bottle of wine and got a dozen oysters to start. Usually at restaurants they will explain where the oysters are from etc. at a seafood restaurant I would expect that an more...nope...nothing. If I'm paying $40 for oysters I'd like to know a little bit about them and since I noticed we got 2 different kinds it would have been nice to have know the difference between the two. I guess I'll ask next time.Next, my husband and I ordered the specialty...whole lobster from their 4 different choices offered. They bring live lobsters to your table beforehand and explain where each one is from and the price per pound. My husband got the Scottish Blue ($160ish total for 2.5lbs) and I went with the classic Maine ($100 2.5lbs). We opted for the chili rub. Food arrived beautifully prepared. Butter came on a warming dish but flame underneath was not lit...so butter got cold quickly. My husband's lobster was perfect but mine had a little surprise waiting. I started with the tail and once I started cutting into it there was a massive amount of slimey black/dark green ooze coated on the inside of the tail. The lighting was dim so I kind of ate the parts that weren't covered and finished off the claw meat. I then asked the server what the black/green slime was and he said it was "roe" meaning lobster eggs. My lobster was pregnant. He told me I was lucky that I got a lobster with roe...however, it's not what I ordered and was expecting...plus it's slimey and not pretty to look at and there was so much it made it so unappetizing. The server also said one time they had a live lobster that they picked up that had been oozing roe just before cooking. He explained that it was apparently illegal for it to be sold in that condition...I'm assuming for ecological reasons but then why would you still serve that? He also said I got a lot of it...I was looking forward to dessert after dinner but because my lobster was not appealing at all I lost my appetite. I'm a huge fan of cavier but because lobster roe is slimey and black and there were huge gobs of it...it was not something I found to be a delicacy and I did not feel "lucky" at all.  I didn't have the heart to tell them I didn't like it because I ate the claw meat and as much of the tail as I could muster despite some chewiness. My husband looked up online regarding the situation and found different reviews regarding lobster roe being a delicacy and other reviews explained that usually the lobster should not be served if roe is found inside. I felt really disappointed with our $500 meal. Won't be going back. If you get lobster with roe make sure you put all your money on black then...you're lucky I guess...
4	The view was gorgeous and Loved their oysters. The food was good but could be better. We will be back soon to try their lobsters
4	We had always been here with 12+ friends.  We never had an issue.  Great food and staff.  I had the Caesar Salad and Filet Mignon. Both were great.
4	I went here on a Thursday night with my boyfriend. I made a reservation before my trip to Vegas. There was no wait and we were given an awesome table outside overlooking the Lake of Dreams. Very romantic and perfect for a special occasion!Definitely recommend requesting an outside table to watch the show on the Lake of Dreams. It is a different show about every 30 minutes. The show makes dinner fun and spiced up the evening. We started with the calamari. It was a generous portion. It had a little kick to it. I had the roasted jidori chicken. The only negative was that the chicken was on the bone, which made it a little difficult to eat. My boyfriend had a special that was a fish with lobster and scallops on it. It was really rich. We were too stuffed to order dessert. But the dessert menu looked great!
4	Yesterday i came here after a nice swim and i ordered the thai salad. It was so yummy and the dressing was different but appetizing. I had to go again to try more. The meat in the burger was cooked perfectly and it was so good that I had to eat half before I could take a picture. The wrap is TO DIE FOR and I recommend that to anyone who is okay with a bit of spice.
4	Good ambiance, food, and service. Best Oysters Rockefellar ever!
4	Hard to beat the ambiance at this place with the Lake of dreams right next to your table.  The food was terrific - Tuna, Swordfish, Ribeye, and Filet all were worthy. The wine list is impressive but overpriced. The staff were very accommodating in getting us in quickly and finding us a table suitable to our preferences but the server who had our table wasn't the greatest - not a good sense of timing, didn't seem to know the menu very well. Maybe he was new? Check out the specialty drink menu - the Sinatra Smash is very yummy.
5	best food in Vegas hands down!!   Every year we have company dinners there
4	Prime cut king crab legs were insane. William our server made the night even better. Only negative was price.  Bought a beer and a glass of wine at the bar while waiting for our table and the bill was $31. Looks like Mr. Wynn will take your money anyway he can.
4	Ate there last night and had a terrific meal. Service was nice and the food tastier. Lobster Risotto, seared ahi, guacamole &plaintain chips and the tuna poke. Delicious!
2	the food here was too decadent for my liking. all the flavors were overly sweet? we ordered the jidori chicken, sea bass, crab mac and cheese, and the lobster poutinthere was no crab in the crab mac and cheesethe jidori chicken, while moist, tasted like teriyaki chicken more than anything else..the food was too heavy and while the lakeside dining is a fun ambience,  the open air encourages smoking diners ... hard to enjoy a meal when second hand cigarette smoke hits the palate first..
5	Dining at Lakeside is an EXPERIENCE!All in all, although it is pricey, you will definitely get what you pay for thanks to the deliciously decadent food, attentive service and incredible ambiance - indoors or out, it is a nice treat to have the gorgeous view overlooking the Lake of Dreams and being able to view the show.  Set to various types of music, the show is every 30 minutes and sometimes romantic, sometimes lighthearted and fun (even for kids).  We "conservatively" ordered what turned out to still be a ton of food & drinks between 7 of us and after gratuity, I believe the final bill was just under $800.  As our company was footing the bill, nobody ordered anything very extravagant (ie. Caviar for $165 or Rock Lobsters at $95 per pound), but we totally had many reasonable options to choose from at fair prices for the quality and substantial amount of food.  One coworker is Vegan and was thrilled with not only her Old Bay "Crab Cake" dish, but the fact that ALL Wynn restaurants feature Vegan menu options.  A few of us ordered and enjoyed the Alaskan halibut and could not even come close to finishing it due to the heaviness of the starters and shared side dishes that we ordered for the table.  Some people ordered salads while some of us shared the oh-so-yummy Crab Guacamole.  We also ordered Asparagus with Balsamic Cream, Alaskan Crab Mac & Cheese (rich & creamy is an understatement) and Harissa Spiced French Fries (which virtually went untouched, not for lack of flavor, but for lack of space in our bellies).So let me tell you what I would order NEXT time (cause yes, I will return!):  One coworker ordered the Mesquite Smoked Prime Rib and HOLY COW...it was amazing!!  Like, SO good that he gave each of us (except the Vegan) a bite or two and we all had dish envy.  Technically the dish envy started when his cut of beef arrived at the table in a glass chamber to contain the smoke!!  See what I mean about presentation!?!  Needless to say, we did not even entertain looking at the dessert menu.  However, I would be remiss to not mention the amazing cocktail that i had!  If there is a passion fruit flavored drink on a menu anywhere, I go for it and I am so glad I went for this one:  the Fiesta Fatale Margarita!!!  Translation??:  A margarita with Passion Fruit and Sriracha that will knock your socks off!  No, it wasn't spicy (though the side dish of spiced nuts to complement it ARE tasty & spicy), but it is just THAT good!!  Wines by the glass were also very good, but VERY expensive.  Brace yourself for bottle prices, too.  Eek!!  I could almost hear all of us getting in trouble with the Accounting Dept for even THINKING about ordering some of the bottles on that menu.  Regardless, no regrets!!  Dining at Lakeside is as good as it gets!
5	Lakeside is  gorgeous place to have dinner with your special someone due to the fact that you both can watch the lake of dreams show if you are seating outside the patio or near a mirror wall. The show is every 30 mins with different kind of music. My guy and I ordered both steaks. He ordered filet mignon and I ordered new york strip and had mashed garlic potato on the side. Then we ordered 3 mini desserts which were the nutella profiletos??, amaretto cheesecake and vanilla mango mouse. with our food we ordered a glass of malbec and cabernet sauvignon. Even though what we all ordered were all pricey. you can get your moneys worth because the food is just delish and wine selections were great. Amazing server. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and recommended what good wine goes with our steaks. She gives you good personal service and very attentive to the guest. Overall, I love eating here.
3	One thing they have going for it is the service is great - other than that, feel like they are cramming to many tables in (maybe playing to the sardine feel of a fish restaurant), very loud, overpriced, nothing to really rave about.  Liked this place a lot better when it was Daniel Boulud. . .its a great set up location, they just need to refine the fine dining experience.
4	Off the charts good, tasty, great entertainment, and PRICEY! But what do you expect???? This is Vegas after all..... Gotta say, that spiny lobster was a really tasty ass son of a gun.... Will only return here with my pops, his wife and my wife again... But next time we will have my brother, sister, and her hubby in TOW! Here we go! Will be back...
1	I stay at the Wynn 6-8 times a year. Lakeside was my first time visit. They only had 3 star review but I still decided to try with my wife and few friends. I was very disappointed when they brought me the bill it was $150 higher then we ordered it. Waitress immediately apologize and told me she is going to fix it but it has been 10 days and nothing got reversed...Stay away from Lakeside...
4	The food is * * * *The service is about * * *The only negative about this restaurant at The Wynn is the fact that even with reservations, the communication was fairly poor.  We had to continue to ask the front desk for a status update and it took actual proactive complaining to get any results.  We had a reservation, so not a walk in.  It was a scheduled appointment.  The entire party was present.  A 15 minute wait was given, which turned into over 45 minutes to nearly an hour before, because it was a professional business dinner, the host of the party who made the reservations felt embarrassed enough to have his clients wait and wait and wait that he had to take issue with the front desk to which the squeaky wheel I guess got the oil and we were seated.  An apology gesture of a free appetizer was given in lieu of their tardy seating.The food overall was good, it's a bit expensive, especially The Lobster.The food, regardless or despite the price, if I had to evaluate it was excellent.
1	Ugh. That's the best way to describe the food. The menu was amazing, the actual meal fell way short. Was looking for a surf and turf but smallest filet was 9oz, little too much with a lobster tail. Went with the Lobster Risotto ($52) and couldn't have been more disappointed. Presentation was beautiful and that's fantastic -  if you're not hungry... Lobster was rubbery and had no flavor. Actually had to ask for salt. Ended up salting and peppering to try and get something out of it. Risotto was also flat, could have been eating spackle. Co-worker ordered just a lobster tail and his was undercooked and had that weird undercooked rainbow sheen to it. For the price, you'd think that you would/ should be in lobster heaven but it was such a colossal disappointment.
4	Service: Very good, 5 stars out of 5.Food: Very good: 4.5 stars out of 5Value: Average: 4 stars out of 5Overall: 4.5 stars out of 5 Service:Impeccable.  Knowledgeable, courteous waiter.  Bus staff whisked away empty plates and refilled glasses immediately.  Waiter appeared exactly when he was needed and was not hovering needlessly.  Custom cocktail was prepared right.Food:Kumamotos - fresh, briny and delicious;Lobster risotto - Very well executed.  Lobster cooked right,  Arborio creamy yet with a "bite"  - very good;Foie - Seared rare, served with sweet brioche, delicious. Superbly fresh;Crab salad with guacamole - very nice.  Guac was perfectly spiced and seasoned.  Crab was just a tad over-dressed, but very good nonetheless;Halibut - Delicious, cooked right and moist inside (not an easy feat with this fish)  Pasta had some green peas inside - more interesting, it had a few green pea shoots that gave the pasta an interestingly pleasing taste;Miniature Desserts: Tres leches, cheese cake, and molten chocolate cake.  Other than being not quite miniature, each dessert was  very good.  The last one listed was least interesting (prepared in a cup and a touch too sweet).  The Leches and Cheese cake were superbOverall,- great-to-very good food and service,- good value##
5	Five stars for customer service alone! After a less than par customer service experience at another restaurant on the strip the night before, my husband and I decided to head the lake for a drink before seeing David Spade. When we got to the lake, we realized that the wait for the cocktail-only area was going to be pretty long, and since we were hungry for dinner, we decided to give it a shot and ask if they had any tables at the Lakeside. We walked up to the hostess desk and timidly asked if there were any tables available outside. Now keep in mind, it was 8:30 PM on a Saturday night with the beautiful Wynn lake shows going every thirty minutes, so a patio table was gold. To our complete surprise, the host very nicely said yes! He said that we got very lucky and that they had a couple no shows, so he quickly showed us to an amazing table right on the lake and sat us within two minutes of a show starting. I was completely blown away by their level of customer service. But it doesn't stop there. We didn't have a ton of time (unfortunately because I could have sat there all night), since we were seeing a 10 PM show but when the waitress came up and took our order she was extremely receptive to our time crunch and put our order in right away. She was extremely friendly every step of the way. From there we enjoyed the beautiful weather and atmosphere and watched the spectacular shows on the lake that were going on every 30 minutes. If you are anything like me and love atmosphere, you must (I repeat must) eat here. It's expensive but so is every other nice restaurant on the strip. Is it overpriced? Well of course! But they can do that in Vegas and don't think every other nice restaurant isn't doing the same thing! I will spend my money here because they treated us like royalty, accommodated us on a whim and listened to our needs in rushing our meal. This was one of my favorite parts of the trip because of how relaxing and beautiful the environment was. Oh and the food isn't bad either! In fact, it's quite delicious! I highly recommend the lobster mac and cheese with huge chunks of lobster and the crab cakes. Their Cesar salad is a hearty and flavorful salad to start with. In summary, if you want a romantic evening with your honey, under the stars, watching a performance on the lake created by the same man behind the Bellagio and a delicious meal to accompany it, dine here. It's going to take a lot to convince me to leave the Wynn properties next time I come to town!
3	Based off the price is why I gave a 3. Ribeye was good but not great. Service was good but food took way too long. Ambiance was very nice, right on the lake between the two restaurants. If you do go get the crab and avocado dip. Too many good choices in Vegas to eat here.
4	this place isn't that bad, not sure why there are so many negative reviews. Ordered the prime rib and it was a nice thick cut. I didn't like the weird mesquite sauce that they put on top of the steak, but the actual meat was tender and done medium rare as I ordered.The bread platter variety was good too. Cocktails were delicious as well.If you order any of the steaks, be sure to get the creamed spinach side!!! Might be the best compared to all the other steakhouses I've tried, Donovans, Peter Luger's, Ruth Chris, etc. Lobster mac n' cheese was just all right - will pass next time.If you sit in the right area you can even watch the Wynn show. It's a little disturbing though with Disney like animations and voices. But not bad.
3	For foodies:So tempted to give lakeside 4 stars due to spectacle of light show and animatronics on display from outdoor seating. My friend saw Mr. Wynn dining in the restaurant the night before my meal. Lakeside is an experience but I am too starstruck by all the celebrity chefs starting restaurants (even if they never visit their Las Vegas creations) and therefor  I find it hard to recommend that you spend one of your few meals at lake side.For non-foodies:If you do not live and breathe food and you'd rather pay for spectacle than a chefs name then you may think lake side is a more exciting restaurant then the  other places that keep the surprise and delight confined to the menu.
2	DISSAPPOINTED!  Only reason for 2 stars is the Tuna Tartare. Being a seafood fanatic, Lakeside was below average. The Chilled Seafood tower included crab legs, half shell, oysters, shrimp and lobster tail. The crab legs had a weird taste, the lobster tail was OK, long story short the shrimp was the only edible thing on tower. We ordered the blue lobster as entree and if the lobster itself  was not known to be tender, it wouldn't excite your taste buds. The lobster macaroni and cheese--HORRIBLE. Do not recommend this place. If you want good seafood check out American Fish at Aria
3	I think if this restaurant was in any other city it could be a 4-5 star place but here in Vegas it just seems kind of boring!! The setting in front of the Wynn waterfall is great and a lot of fun to watch the show every 30 minutes. But the food was just average. They bring a giant cage of lobsters out...which our painfully overpriced...115$ a pound hahaha! Oh by the way they only have lobsters over 3 pounds. They pride themselves on being the only restaurant on the strip with south Australian lobster...well when you charge that much it's not doing you any good!! I've had those same lobsters shipped to my house for half that price! The bread they bring you is pretty good, I love pretzel bread. We had oysters on the half shell...they were just okay. My husband had swordfish which was pretty tasty and the lobster poutine which was the star of the meal!! I had Maine lobster which was just okay. They split it for you so you don't have to do any work. We also ordered Brussels sprouts, they were very undercooked. Drink selection was good.When we called to make reservations they told us gentlemen must be wearing ties and slacks. That's fine...except we got there and people were on shorts and a polo. You can't have a dress code and then not enforce it, my husband would have been more comfortable in other attire, but we wanted to ensure we didn't get turned away. Turns out they don't turn anyone away- super but tell people that!!!Tons of other options in Vegas, go somewhere else!
5	The lakeside seafood restaurant was a great place to splurge and enjoy wonderful food.  The lobster risotto was delicious.  It almost makes you think there is too much lobster. If that is possible.  The lobster Mac and cheese looked a bit brown and strange, but was delicious and one of our favorite dishes.  To start, try the tuna poke or the king Crab and Guacamole.  Both were very tasty.  If you like foie gras, my friend said it was one of the best.  I had the key lime for desert which was a very small portion and perfect after a big meal.   The service was also incredible.  Very attentive.  My glass of tea did not ever reach 1/2 way because it was refilled.  Overall a great experience.  Not cheap, but great.   It's about $120-140 a person for what we ordered.
4	Wonderful dining experience from the first class service to the excellent and varied menu.  Kudos to the hostess Emma.  About 20 minutes after my wife and I were seated the staff began to move several tables behind us preparing for a very large party of 16 people.  We both were beginning to be concerned that it might become a bit loud once this party was seated, however before the party arrived and without us saying a word, Emma came over and said there was a table that had opened up away from the party and asked if we'd like to move.  This was service above and beyond; proactive rather than reactive.
2	Recommended by restaurant reservations probably a mistake! The room looks like an upscale cafe. The server was not very attentive at all.Had to flag him down for a second glass of wine. The food was far fine dining.  Oyster Rockefeller was so over cooked. Entree prices were way to high, $75 for frozen Dover sole? Lobsters were also overpriced. Went with the dry halibut which i know is tricky to cook but you would think a chef of this caliber would be able to execute. I commented to the waiter maybe it was time for a new chef, he replied the chef is never there? So maybe I was correct.
4	previously made reservations months out and first seating of the evening which was nice as the place did become a bit loud during prime time eating.  Interesting mix of people.  Service was impressive and food was better than expected.  Server and staff was on top of it!  kept my glasses filled and was quick to act with spilled ice as well as overly drunk woman who made a scene.  My only complaint is that food came out a tad bit under on all orders (fish and meat).  Desserts need improvements.  This place fills up and dinning on the 2hour interval food-king crab & guacamole- ok, good amount of crab, but flavors lost and muddled by the odd and slightly difficult to handle presentationfried calamari-pretty good.  fresh and crunchy.  nice flavorrib eye 20oz-nice and juicy!  small bone and a bit of gristle.  Ordered med rare, but felt more rare than what i was use to. orange glazed salmon-good.  nice and moist.  asked for well done, but came out under possibly to save the fish.  sides-nothing to be desired.  ordered something that had roasted Brussels spouts and was okpeople who ordered fries received large portions
1	The place is just nice! I order a lobster risotto and my boyfriend and I got soooo disappointed! I love truffle! And we ask to have white truffle added to our risotto.. Guess what? That was the worst experience I've ever had! The truffle tastes like nothing! Exactly, NOTHING! No smell and no taste at all! So, just go there for a regular dinner.. If you wanna eat a special food made with truffle, just go to bartolotta or sinatra! Waaaaayyy better... This is the worst restaurant at the Wynn property!
4	I thought this place would be more highly rated, but I guess when you're a fancy-four-star (or however many stars?) restaurant in Vegas... you're still really just one out of many many others. I can see why people would expect a lot, since the competition is tough as sh*t. But putting other restaurants aside, I did enjoy my meal here. The food and service were great, and the place was very very pretty :)I came here with my bf's family (+ a friend) for my bf's brother's birthday. The good thing about going with his family is - they don't seem to have a budget for food (or anything, really). Big, wealthy gamblers.. lol yup.Anyway, they ordered two chilled seafood platters, a couple small plates of foie gras, a dozen kumamoto oysters on the half shell, and one fried calamari dish for appetizers. This was appetizers for 6 people lol... a bit much, but I wasn't complaining.The seafood platter came with cocktail shrimps, king crab legs, lobsters, ceviche, and oysters. The oysters (both from the platter and the kumamoto) were as fresh as it gets, and comes with the usual tabasco, cocktail sauce, etc. BOMB. I love raw oysters. The cocktail shrimps were huge and crisp, and although it was probably as good as cocktail shrimps get - they were outshined by the lobster and king crab legs. Lol, but of course. Everything on the platter was great though - fresh and flavorful.I ordered the rib eye cos I was feelin meaty, and it was YUM. It came with a chimichurri sauce that was a bit spicy and it paired well together. It had this delicious peppery char on it, mmmmmm.. I only ate like 15% of it though... the appetizers filled me up good :( My bf ordred the rib eye as well, and added a bacon and blue cheese crust. It was GOOOOOD. We also had sides of mashed potatoes, lobster mac and cheese, and asparagus. Mac and cheese was just ok, but I didn't try the other sides.The birthday boy ordered a 5 pound lobster because why not........................ which totaled to $575........ which puts it at $115 per pound. WTF. LOL. I mean, it was shocking.... but I suppose not that surprising...... haha. I did get to try it, and it was amazing. Succulent, fresh lobster meat, and I LOVED the green dipping sauce. Maybe like a basil-y butter sauce? SOO delicious.So like I said, I enjoyed my experience here. Oh and the show at the lakeside... lol, they were weird I guess. Very whimsical but also kind of random... floating, colorful balls and singing frogs among other things. LOL but I don't really care about that stuff. The meal was wonderful :)
2	I walked in here thinking I would be blown away and boy, was I let down. We came here with a bunch of girlfriends, because we wanted to try something new. We walked in and yes, the restaurant is beautiful and very trendy, and we had a nice view of the waterfall, but the food was horrid. I got a salmon dish and it was pretty much completely raw. I was taken aback because the food here isn't cheap and I had a certain amount of expectations, which were not met.I'm pretty disappointed and I probably won't be coming back here. I liked the upbeat atmosphere and our table was at a good location, we had some privacy to talk, laugh, etc. but I will never eat here again.
5	This was one of my favorite places to have a drink with my husband!Very good cocktails, exceptional service and the views of the man made lake at night with the lightshow are unbelievable!Not too much seating but we got a cute little table, its romantic, quiet, a totally different feel then the rest of Vegas.I recommend stopping by here for a perfect date  night while out on the town!
5	I just have one thing to say: They had the best rib eye I've tried in recent years!!!
3	I don't consider myself a foodie, but I know places around Vegas to get what I want at a reasonable price.  It's difficult to rate Lakeside: the ambiance is 5-star, and the food was delicious, but the prices kill the place.  We had the cold seafood platter, and split the ribeye, an order of creamed spinach, and an order of lobster poutienne.  We also ordered two desserts to go.  I could go to King's Fish House in the District at Green Valley Ranch and get the same meal at half the price.  But this is the Wynn, so I should expect things to be a bit pricey.Another thing that got us: you're right on the Lake of Dreams, and it's a spectacular view, but the sight of a giant animatronic frog singing, "I've got Friends in Low Places" every half an hour kind of kills the mood.If you're at the Wynn, this is a go-to place.  If you're just out and about looking for a good seafood place, there are others.
5	Really enjoyed dinner last night at Lakeside Grill. David was our waiter and took charge once he knew I am vegan and my wife is not.  It was nice to dine at a restaurant where a vegan and a carnivore can co-exist. The service was paced perfectly and our wine that we brought with us and dropped off a couple of hours prior to dinner for the sommelier to decant was perfect temperature. I had a vegan clam chowder with a cashew cream base followed by vegan old bay crab cakes. I even had vegan carrot cake that was wonderful. I recommend you give Lakeside Grill a try, particularly if you have a group with a mix of people with varying dietary preferences. Try and sit on the patio if weather permits so you can watch the show. The corkage is $50 per bottle, which seems reasonable, especially if you're asking them to chill and decant your wine ahead of your reservation.
5	This place great.  Great food, wine, drinks.  Super friendly staff.
5	This is in The Wynn in front of the famed waterfall where they put on a multi-media show during the evenings. So right off the bat, this is an expensive meal.But if you really want a "Wow" this is definitely it. My dinner consisted of crab cakes, scallops, asparagus, cake for dessert and all of it was impeccably prepared and served.Great place to celebrate an occasion or for a romantic meal. The multimedia shows in the waterfall are somewhat bizarre but entertaining. After dinner stroll upstairs to the balcony bar to just sit and look at the waterfall.
5	Girl's trip to Vegas.  Lots of shopping and good food.  Best meal of trip was Lakeside.  Hubs and I had visited about 4 weeks prior and had a great experience so wanted to try it again.  It did not disappoint.  Our waiter, David (same as first trip) was marvelous. Very patient, explained menu perfectly and  allowed us to share a couple of plates off the raw menu!  We were in heaven. The Ahi Sashimi was totally mind blowing!  If you eat raw you will love it.   Didn't find it overly expensive, and we even enjoyed a sommelier recommended white burgundy.  Can't wait to go back!
3	The food here was outstanding as one would expect of a Wynn facility.  Lobsters were roasted perfectly & filet was perfectly done and seasoned excellent.  Facility wonderful. What drove down the rating was the SERVICE - lack of..  The Host staff were great, welcomed us and sent us to the bar to wait on our table.  Then when the table was ready came up to us and address us by name to leads us to our table.  That nice touch instead of calling out a name to a room of people.The table service started out good.  They rolled our the lobster cart and we ordered immediately.  Great energy and sense of humor.  Then we get turned over to our waiter and table staff.  All down hill from here.  Once the food arrived, there was no check back to see if everything was good.  To get drink refills we had to rudely call out at wait staff as they dashed by - at times more than once just for drink refills.  Price point - Vegas reasonable.  With menus online, if you are surprised by a bill you just didn't plan ahead.  But the service concerns WILL prevent me from bringing guests back here in future trips.  Botero is safer option at Wynn.
2	Went to Lakeside for Mother's Day dinner - just my spouse and myself.  We had a reservation, were greeted promptly and taken to our table.  When I mentioned that it was a little cold outside the hostess asked if I would like a wrap.  I said yes and she returned immediately. That is where the great service ended.We waited over 5 minutes for a someone to come and take our drink order, during that time we were not even offered water.  Once our drinks arrived we did order our dinner but had to wait to do that as well.The soap was OK and my husband enjoyed his salad.  Apparently this restaurant is known for it's seafood.  Guess mine missed the boat.  My fish was dry and tasteless.  My husband did enjoy his steak - image that a good steak at a seafood restaurant.  When the waiter came to clear our table he asked my how mine was and I said that it was actually very dry.  His comment can I bring you something else?  Don't you think that if during our meal he had of stopped by it would have been more appropriate and I could of told him at that point and he could of fixed it then?  I said no thank you we need to be leaving and to that he returned with our bill - no discount, no nothing. Summary, nice hostess, poor poor food, poor service, nice atmosphere but I don't go to a restaurant that charges what it did for poor service, poor food and nice atmosphere.  I would prefer great service, great food and OK atmosphere.  Won't be returning there.
5	I celebrated my boyfriends 30th in Vegas so we came here for small bites. I found out they have a Happy Hour on Oysters- $1.75 each instead of $2.75. Boy were they good! We each had a dozen and corked a bottle of Champagne. The corkage fee is $50, so beware. And if they have your particular bottle in stock, you will not be able to cork it! I got lucky- Vintage 2004 Don Perignon was not in stock- hehe. We loved the experience here and the beautiful view of the Lake waterfall. The complementary bread basket they provide is to die for! Our server was extremely attentive and kind- I wish I knew her name. She was great!
5	We were wandering through the Wynn and were looking for a place to eat. After looking at the menu we decided on Lakeside. I would recommend this to anyone who needs to eat gluten free. Let me tell you why. The menu has a nice variety of fish and shellfish. They let you decide how you want it cooked and what if any sauce you want on it. They have a separate gluten free menu which made ordering for my wife very easy. The fish we ordered was superb. Perfectly cooked with some very nice garlic mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables. To add to the experience they baked some gluten free bread for my wife and served it right out of the oven. The chef also stopped by to personally check that her allergy concerns were addressed. There was literally nothing to critique so I am giving them 5 stars. They will definitely be a must do for us next time we are visiting,
1	I visited this restaurant on a girls trip for our 30th birthdays. We were in the mood for seafood and had wanted to check out Wynn. So, Lakeside worked out great. We made reservations and were greeted at the hostess station. When it was our turn to sit, they said the reservation name, and we obliged. Apparently, the name they said was in fact not ours, and we misheard. We realized once they walked us to our table, which was in a private dining room with a pre-fixed menu (clearly not for us!). When I shared with the hostess that I think there has been a mistake, she berated me like a child stating that she "said the name three times!". So disrespectful! Your mistake is not my issue. I dismissed her and decided to approach a manager to address the situation rather than deal with her. I was assured he'd be right over to speak with me, which never happened. She must have let the entire waitstaff know her experience with us, because the whole time we were treated so inappropriately. Here we are, six hard-working girls from all over the country coming together to celebrate each other, and we were treated as if we were 18 years old on spring break. I'd also like to make mention that none of us had been drinking, we were dressed our age, and all of us have an appreciation for a nice meal and are willing to pay the price. In fact, our only intention for our final night was to enjoy a relaxed, beautiful dinner together. We were so disappointed. The food was subpar. My swordfish was okay, the scallops were good. Small portions, large prices. The waiter was not interested in sharing specials or suggestions with us. I've been to so many restaurants in my life...I've had good, great, indifferent and bad service. My experience at Lakeside was by far the most insulting and negative dining experience I've ever encountered. Needless to say, I would never return, nor recommend this establishment.
1	Planned a trip to Vegas for my 40th Birthday, and 25 of my friends decided to tag along. After several days and countless hours of trying to secure a reservation at this restaurant that was recommended by a friend, I was told that they could not seat us all at the same table-no problem and completely understandable, we are a large group. And I will have to have a preset menu to select from due to group size- no problem we will make due with that, we are a pretty easy going group. And I will have to sign a contract and put a 50% deposit down to hold the reservation- a little extreme, but again, no problem. The problem came when after all of this was said and done and HOURS spent trying to secure the reservation I was told that only 4 credit cards could be used to pay the entire tab.  Really, I am not a corporation we are jsut a group of people wanting to have dinner together. Well that is several hours of my life that I will not get back. I will NOT be recommending this establishment to anyone that may have a large group to coordinate. thanks for nothing, Lakeside. We took our business else where...
5	I have nothing but great things to say about Lakeside.  I recently proposed to my girlfriend there and they went above and beyond to make our evening special.  I called two weeks ahead and made reservations requesting outside seating by the lake for our proposal dinner.  The receptionist was very friendly and made annotations in the reservation reference out special night.  A day prior to our dinner I arrived at the Wynn and spoke with Lakeside manager Elian.  He was extremely helpful and suggested a few creative ways to execute the proposal.  I had a special jewelry box crafted for her ring and did not want to risk her seeing me bring it to the restaurant the day of, so he held it at the restaurant for me.  He assured us prime seating by the lake the next day and guaranteed a magical evening.The next evening we both arrived in anticipation of a spectacular dinner, and a little surprise for her.  We arrived 30 minutes early and were immediately seated next to the lake.  I excused myself for a moment and met with Elian to give him the ring.  He assured me the staff was informed and would do everything they could to make our evening special.  I went back to the table and we were both treated to a spectacular dining experience.  They start by bringing by a large tank of lobsters directly to the table.  A description of each is giving with a price attached.  My girlfriend (fiance now), thought they were too adorable to eat....lol.  Our waiter, Renee, was personable and very knowledgeable about every item on the menu.  We ended up sharing a bowl of delicious king crab corn chowder and prawn cocktail to start.  The chowder is seriously some of the best we have had.  For entrees, she had the chili rubbed prime rib with king crab, and I went with the 20oz prime rib with a roasted lobster tail add-on.  Everything was excellent and cooked to perfection.After finishing our entrees, a small tray was brought out with my custom made jewelry box on it, flanked by two complimentary deserts.  She took one look at it and was speechless.  I removed the ring from the box and took a knee to propose to her.  After she said yes, complimentary champagne was poured and staff and patrons gave their congratulations.We stayed and had more drinks, enjoying the fun and quirky shows they have every 30min right on the lake.  We never felt rushed and Renee continued to stop by to make sure we had everything we needed.On our way out, I stopped by and made sure to let Elian know how much we enjoyed dinner and the extra special attention given to make our evening special.  He thanked us for choosing the Lakeside and hoped we would return.  After the excellent service we received, I assured him we would definitely return to their wonderful establishment.  My fiance suggested we return every year now for an anniversary dinner.  I don't have any problems with that.
5	Finally a great meal in Vegas!  Chef David Waltzog is a genius and great host! i Had the large prawn.   Very tasty, but I would pick something other than the citrus preparation next time.   The rib eye was great.   Loved the charred finish!  It was cooked to perfection.  Also had the Lobster Poutine as a side.   Very flavorful and fun! Had two deserts that were great. One was a bread pudding..the other escapes me as the great bottle of wine kicked in.   This dinner will cost you, but worth it.    The view is lot's of fun too with the frog show.
4	Any complaints about portions should be directed to the Great American Gluttony Group.Knowledgeable and accommodating staff helped us choose the right fish and preparation for our tastes, and the descriptions of those different options were spot-on. I had to have dessert, because I have a sugar problem, but really? By that time I was absolutely stuffed.And if the lake show doesn't amuse the heck of you, you are, simply put, lame.
4	What a lovely experience we had. I'm kind of picky with my taste on wine by that was no challenge for this place. When I wasn't fully satisfied I had a new suggestion and it was perfect!! The lobster was to die for and the crab legs are always and always will be my favorite. They even let me custom my own fav dessert. What's yours? Ask them I'm sure they will assist you! Oh ya.. Be sure to request siting outside when you make your reservation. The lake and light show is a trip! :)
2	Just there with my hubby and kids for dinner. Noise level was moderate. Sounds busy but you can still hear each other. Its situated by the lake at the Wynn hotel which was nothing to get really excited about. My husband had the lobster with drawn butter which was excellent. However the rest of the dishes we ordered were mediocre.  The steaks were ok. I had the pomfret or monchong. The fish was dry and needed more sauce.
2	I was unimpressed with my lobster selection. The waiter uphold me on a Portuguese lobster that was a bit over cooked. I ate half only because I was trying my best no to return the lobster until the waiter came over and asked how I liked it. 10 minutes later I was ready to return it as the lobster wan't what the waiter had stated. I don't think I'll be going back here for dinner again.
3	I'm giving this place 3stars because the atmosphere is great, specially sitting outside on a perfect end of summer night. Love the orange and white decor/theme! I have to say the food was not par to Wynn...I love the food at the other Wynn restaurants, can't compare. Again, great view (siting outside), ahh ok water show, mediocre food...
2	I was truly disappointed by the food here.  Let me start off by saying that I believe restaurants on the Las Vegas strip are often very overrated. Hear me out. My theory: People are in Vegas to party and have a good time. They often eat at these places while they're having a great time regardless of the quality of the food or restaurant. When they go to write a yelp review, they assume that the high price tag and the fun evening must mean that the restaurant was great. Lakeside is the epitome of this phenomenon. Bland overpriced fish is masked by the conveniently distracting singing frog light show in the lake overlooked by the patio. Sure, it is a fun experience and everyone is having a good time. But the bottom line: the food isn't good.I had the mahi mahi, prepared with citrus and olive oil, and it was just bland. I know, I know, I picked the most bland preparation. But the fish itself was nothing special. The favorite part of my meal was the pretzel breadsticks.
3	Lakeside was a beautiful resturant with great quality food.  Normal fish resturant - didn't blow me away, but would definietly comeback!
3	Came here because recommended by employees at Encore/Wynn. First of all  atphoshere very nice with backdrop was nice waterfall.  My sister had the ribeye steak $60 she liked it with a nice portion. Crab cake $24 didn't like had no flavor wasn't crispy enough and it was a little portion would not recommend. Also had potato poutin  with crab and Mozerlla we didn't like just did go wellTogether. Also had a glass of red wine was good cheapest glass was $20. Overall not impressed  especially for fine dining.
2	We are sitting here right now and we were denied the access to the "nice" area because my finance and best couple friend because he was wearing shorts. Mind you, expensive dressy shorts. When we booked our reservation nothing was said about this. We asked is there was anything they could do for us, they said they could book is another reservation at another restaurant. We then asked if we could be moved from the very back to the window, where we could see the show. That's when they offered to, again, make another reservation somewhere else. So be warned: they have a dress code that they won't tell you about.
5	We just celebrated our 25th anniversary at the Lakeside restauraunt. Service was top notch. Our waiter Joaquin was incredibly kind and helpful with helping us pick out our food choices. For our appetizer we had the jumbo shrimp cocktail which consisted of four huge shrimps and cocktail sauce with horseradish shavings on top. Outstanding and enough for two. Then we shared the house salad which was beautifully prepared and also enough for two. One of the things we loved the most about Lakeside is they serve warm pretzel bread and herb butter with the meal which we both agreed made this place really special. We ordered the wahoo fish blackened for our entrees and it was delicious. My wife ordered a sangria. She said it was the best sangria she had ever tasted. I took a sip and agreed it was awesome. It had apples in it which was something I hadn't seen before.For dessert we shared the Godiva brownie mouse cake. It was so light and fluffy with just the right amount of sweetness that we didn't want it to end. The coffee was also excelllent. They also presented us with two mini red velvet cupcakes and "Happy Anniversary" written in dark chocolate. A beautiful gesture and delicious as well. One of the things that makes this restaurant magical is that it sits on the lake at the Wynn with beautiful music playing in the backround. There also three different mini shows on the lake every half hour which feature holographic images and cool music, So you are getting a bit of a show with your dinner as well. The whole night was just spectacular for both of us. It's not cheap but when you want to celebrate a special event like a 25 year anniversary this place should be on the top of your list if you like seafood.
1	We had a group of 10 eat dinner here last night.  Everyone was looking forward to the evening.  The service was lackluster, slow and inefficient.  The food was horrible, almost everyone's meal should have been sent back.  The fish was so dry it was inedible,  the lobster mac and cheese was the worst thing I have ever tasted, the raw seafood platter was ok except for the dried out raw oysters, the side dishes were just ho hum, edible but no taste and certainly no creativity (carrots, baby back choy, french fries, poutine.)  Crab cakes and soups were decent.  Honestly - I don't recall ever having such a poor meal!  I don't know what happened but I'd stay away from this place, there are way to many great dining experiences to have in Las Vegas but certainly not here.
4	Enojoyed a fantastic dinner with colleagues at this beautiful restaurant. We were seated facing the massive fountain and really enjoyed the Vegas style entertainment during dinner!  For the appitizer, I had grilled spanish octopus served over diced potatoes.  The octopus was very tender, though the sear was a bit harsh and left somewhat of a "char" flavor that was more than I would have liked.  Overall though, an enjoyable appitizer.  For the main course, I had the Chef's selection of rack of lamb served with spiced onions and lovely mint sauce - served rare.   The flavor was lovely; well seasoned and nicely balanced with the accompaniments.  The meat was tender, nicely seared on the outside and soft and juicy in the center.  Very nicely done.  For sides, we had the creamed spinich, sauteed baby bok choy,  asparagus and lobster poutine - crispy potato, lobster, and melted mozzerella.  The sides were were all delicious.  I finished the meal with a small scoop of manderine and thyme sherbet.  Very refreshing and a nice palet cleanser.  Service was on point, just as you would expect for this style of dinning.  We had a large party of about 20 and they handled it very well without delay or confusion.  Each diner received the requisite attention one would expeect.  Overall, well done.  The only thing that kept me from 5 stars was I found the food overall very well done, but I did not come away completely amazed as I have with other restauarants of this caliber.  Still, I would highly recommend.m
2	Great atmosphere, fun environment, but rather lousy food.  Had crab chowder, and octopus appetizers, and lobster risotto, and 2nd fish on the menu, Hawaiian donuts for dessert.  The best, and only good dish was the mashed potato side that we ordered.  The rest was mediocre to poor.
5	Nothing better in Las Vegas! The BEST food and service anywhere! Loved the show at the lake of dreams too. We had a bottle of wine, great appetizers and fresh sword fish and lobster.  Desert was amazing too. Its our place we go to for special occasions. Have a drink at their bar too prior to your reservation. Its worth it.
1	I went there last week and ended up with food poisoning.My colleagues and I invited customers to Lakeside for a business dinner. 4 people at our table ordered the same fish - ono. All 4 plates had to be sent back to the kitchen: 1 was undercooked and 3 were lukewarm. After all 4 have been brought back to us again, 1 of those new 4 turned out to be undercooked. Again! Mine seemed fine, so I ate it.The restaurant tried to make it up to us, so they brought us free desserts, which tasted very good.About an hour and a half after the meal I started having a stomachache. No need for further details, but the rest of the night - till 4 am was very unpleasant for me. We have not heard back from the customers, so my only hope is that, since my fish was cooked differently (mine was with Japanese vegetables, while all of theirs were with citrus), I was the only one at our table to get food poisoning.
3	The 3.5 stars Lakeside currently has is spot on. Sitting by the shows on the lake was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. We had some wonderful salads, appetizers and sides but if you're going to serve a $50 white fish for dinner, you better not overcook it as mine was.
4	The best meal I've ever had in my life belongs to Lakeside Grill inside the Wynn. Ive been several times, and each time was fantastic. From what I've ate here, and what Ive sampled from others I was there with, it seems like you cant make a wrong decision on meal selection. So why 4 stars not 5? Well one lets start with price. Im not cheap; In fact im in need of better decision making in terms of spending my money, but spending over $400 each time i visit is excessive. Sure I could go the cheaper route, but Im ordering what I want and thats not changing. The other reason this place gets 4 stars, is because my best meal I ever had, put my other times visiting here in perspective. The location of this place is awesome. Staff is perfect. This place is a must visit!
2	We are staying at Encore, and this was our third visit to Lakeside.  The location cannot be beat as it is close to the lake and the beautiful fountain.  I have always enjoyed the food, but this last visit was below my expectations.  I ordered my steak medium; my husband ordered rib eye rare with a side of scallops.  When the meal arrived, the scallops were on my filet mignon instead of my husband's plate.  We told the server who brought out the meal, and I moved the scallops off my plate to my husband's.  After several bites of my filet, I noticed it was not cooked long enough.  The server agreed.  She offered to start cooking a fresh steak, or to put my partially eaten steak back on the grill.  Since we were going to see Le Reve at 9:30 pm, and needed to watch time, I said to just cook the filet a bit longer (it was nice that she offered to start fresh).  My husband's rare rib eye was overcooked.  We realize what happened - the kitchen cooked my steak rare instead of medium; and my husband's steak was cooked to my request - medium - and thus overcooked from his rare order.  That explained the mix-up with the scallops as well.  For over $200 for the meal (without wine) - I expected more and was disappointed.  The mashed potatoes were good; but the creamed spinach was only warm and not hot enough.  After a couple of very nice meals - I was underwhelmed with this last visit.
3	Came here for a last minute dinner and I wasn't too impressed. The restaurant is beautiful and so is the view of the lake. The food is only okay and the service was a little slow. I feel like I should try it again during busier hours to make a better judgment.
5	This restaurant is very luxurious and classy. The food was amazing, the service was amazing. there is really nothing negative I can say. If you are willing to splurge then definitely try this restaurant and be ready to eat a lot of food.
4	I wanted to come here for the beautiful view of the lake and because I heard there were bacon chocolate bars.  To my disappointment, they did not carry the bacon chocolate bars, but the view was nice.  The hostess hooked us up with an outdoor seat by the lake since it was my birthday weekend.  We weren't super hungry, so we took a little time to order our food.  Afterward though, their service was a bit slow and they didn't come back to check on us often.  I ordered their lobster soup, which was really delicious and then I simply ordered a side of mushroom fried rice.  The waiter wasn't kidding when he said the sides should be shared, as they were large (enough for three people).  The rice was good, but on the salty side, so I wasn't able to finish it.  My boyfriend had the prime rib (even though one of my coworkers who was originally from Vegas insisted that we never, ever order prime rib  anywhere).  The rib was good and tender, but contained lots of tendon and fat.  My boyfriend liked it overall.I think the view was the best part.  We stayed there for about an hour and a half, so we saw three different shows. They play a little show on the lake every 30 minutes where they project images and music onto the waterfall.  They had a singing frog and a little animation clip.  They animation clip was my favorite, we saw that part shortly before we took off.  The staff even surprised us with a mini cupcake for my birthday.  That made me feel very special.
