4	My brother attended here, and I have a friend pursuing a PhD here now. They like the campus and the teachers. The grading scale is tough sometimes, but they really feel like they got a good education that was worth the expense and time.
5	I have lots of friends who have attended this school. There's lots this school has to offer. A rigorous education, lots of great programs, a great student and teacher body, and a great social life! Check this school out. Its a little tough to get into, but it definitely is worth the effort.
3	Tops in the nation in many departments, but they don't cater to their undergrads the way they should, and forget it if you're a non-traditional student.  I've often thought they should change their name to 'Illinois A&M' because Engineering and Ag are their strengths.  Undergraduates will frequently have grad teaching assistants (who have little interest or talent for teaching) for their 100- and 200-level courses.  The campus has a lot to offer in terms of culture and the arts, but the education is best had by grad and professional students.  How did they put it?  'At Illnois, you're not a number, you're nine numbers.'  So definitely apply, but understand that the comparitively lower tuition than that of large private universities means giving up that feeling that you're a VIP.
5	Well I went to school here and loved it and I feel like I got a great education. It may be huge but once you find your niche you will do just fine! You just have to make sure you go to class and take good notes because most classes are so huge they won't harass you to come, yet just expect you to! I loved the Big Ten games and the energy of the campus. I would never have picked a different place to spend four years!
2	It's a place that is easy to both love and hate. On one hand they have some unique academic programs and great professors, but you'll probably have to slog through lots sub-par classes before you get the good classes. Business is one of the "better" colleges, but you wouldn't know if from the lower level classes. My least favorite class ever was an upper level econ (econ is technically in LAS even though business people spend plenty of time in the department) class that was taught by a TA who not only didn't speak very good English, but who also gave really harsh tests. The first test average was a 64% and there was no curve. Grading is harsh here! Lots of people repeat classes. I also have plenty of bad things to say about accounting and finance classes, but it depends on the class I guess. LAS is the catch-all college that gets shafted a lot. Many of my lectures were too big and in auditoriums were literally falling apart. Contrast that with the much-funded engineering college's glittering shiny collection of brand new giant buildings. Oh well. ACES, my college, is a bit of a catch-all college as well, but some of the majors are quite small. I've had my smallest and favorite classes in ACES. For development and other niche economics specialties this is the place to be and undergrads get lots of attention. It also has top-notch programs in other aggy stuff ranging from food science to animal science. I adore most of my professors I have had in this college. The only downside is that ACES has tended to attract some less than bright students in the past and has some programs within it in need of reform, but I'm sure that is true in many UIUC colleges.  I recommend ACES, but only if you are truly interested in the curricula. I would note that I skipped all gen-eds and a lot of ugly giant lower level classes thanks to APs and placements tests. If you can do that, it is worth it, because the upper level classes are where you can really enjoy academics. The lower level classes seem to be purposefully soul-crushing, with harsh curves, unintelligible TAs, and professors who just read off powerpoints. 101 classes are where learning goes to die. I basically did well on them by memorizing lectures off flashcards, a sad way to "learn" if you ask me. Don't be afraid to switch classes if you get a bad feeling on the first day. I did that a lot and it was worth it for the English-speaking TAs. I am personally not a fan of the Greek system, which welds a little too much power here. The drunken anti-intellectual environment can be stifling if you don't find a niche. Allen Hall is the place to be for anti-Greeks/hippies/outsiders and it has the bonus of small lower level classes often taught by people who actually care. Avoid the isolated residence halls like PAR and FAR, go six-pack only if you are Greek-ish, and ISR is the place to be for engineers and other assorted people who want to live near the science and engineering buildings. Dorm food is a mixed bag...it's mostly just inexcusably bad, but most people don't seem to notice because they think fries and hot dogs= acceptable lunch. I like the Chambana area, even if it has some minor annoyances. Ill-kept frat houses and a bizarre lack of on-campus grocery stores mar it, but otherwise it was easy for me to find restaurants to eat at and assorted drunk-free places to hang out. However, I can think of about ten major cities where I'd rather live.The weather here is horrible. In the summer you scald and in the winter you freeze, so pack your snowboots and your short-shorts.
3	Overall, the education was ok. You get shafted a LOT with scheduling and no one cares to help. I don't think I learned much here other than improving my writing skills and getting a worse work ethic and learning how to procrastinate. However, there are some amazing professors that really care about you and make you intereseted in learning.The student body is what made me love this place- everyone is so friendly and helpful. You are always meeting new people who are cool and interesting. The bar scene on campus gets old FAST (they are all dirty and overpriced) but the off campus fars are really cool. Definitely needs to work on the diversity stuff, almost everyone I know is white middle class suburbanite. It would have been nice to meet some people who weren't exactly like me (especially in the 3 semesters of teaching in a diverse environment where the only diversity was the difference in white suburbs we were from- no joking.)Overall, I had a good experience here, I just wish the classes had been smaller and the professors cared more about teaching and less about research.Oh, and a $2000 tuition raise over 4 years- WTF! (Keep in mind that my tuition was only $6000 my first year, so that is a huge increase).
4	Had a great time!  So much so that I stretched out my senior year into an extra semester.  And despite the fact that I took human sexuality, modern dance, stress management (had to drop it because I had such a full workload and my doctor told me I was on my way to an ulcer), and ice skating (twice!), I still feel that my business degree was worthwhile.I miss going to Meijer at all hours of the night and getting pushed around in a shopping cart.
4	Face it.  College is just a stepping stone to work.  Getting into a "better" one is mainly to make landing that first job easier.  I have to say that UIUC did its job.Come here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends.  Oh wait.  You can probably get that anywhere else.  What more do you want?
4	To whom it may concern at the UIUC, Thank you for finally dropping the Chief as your mascot. You held out so long for more alumni dollars. You should be so proud. Good riddance!
4	First of all, don't get me started on how angry I am about the fact that the Illini no longer have a mascot. The Chief was a total badass, enough said.Secondly, I've seen a lot of people apply themselves and get really excellent jobs right out of this college.Yeah, it could be because I'm a townie, but I love Champaign-Urbana. It's a perfect distance from Chicago. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I don't go there so I felt like giving it 5 would've been a bit unfair. Annnnywho, I love the U of I and going to football and basketball games have been a part of my childhood. Go Illini
5	Like much in life, you get out of UIUC what you put in.  Can you have a mediocre education with annoying/poor TAs, never talk to a prof, never leave the dorm?  I guess so, but that wouldn't be much fun. I earned a BA and an MS from UIUC.  Yes, the grad level is a whole different world from the undergrad, but I still got a lot out of my undergrad experience. I learned to have confidence and stand out from a crowd, learned a lot, had great experiences (even learned from some bad ones), met the love of my life and managed to pay off my student loans way before my private school friends had made a dent.Champaign-Urbana... you either love it or you don't.  It isn't Chicago and it isn't the suburbs. I'm still here, so obviously I love it.  It isn't for everyone, but then again, I tried living up north and that wasn't for me. Don't know if people thinking about college will read this review, but if so, give UIUC a good solid look.  It can be big and faceless if you let it, but that's a challenge for you to overcome and learn how to be an adult, an academic, aw heck I'm sounding all schmaltzy.  Good school. Go.
5	Hail to the orangeHail to the blueHail Alma MaterEver so true... (SO TRUUUUUEEEEE)We love no otherSo let our motto be:"Victory, Illinois(sssssss),Var-si-ty!"Greatest 4 years of my life. I learned more in a cornfield than I ever could in the bubble of suburbia.ILL-INI - Illini til I die!
4	Let's take a cornfield and build two cities in it. One city will be quaint and have adorable buildings and outdoor landscaping, the other will be a bizarre mixture of ghetto-scary and hip downtown-y.  Now let's take these cities and drop a university right where they intersect. Oh wait, someone already did that.  It's called the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign.This school is HUGE and you will find whatever it is you're looking for here, whether it be academia, a drunken oblivion, total Greek-dom, a cool indie scene, trouble, a combination of these, you name it.  My only complaint is with my specific program, the education program, which really relied on mostly theory and skimped on the classroom experience.  Learning about how to affirm a student's identity by choosing the right literature is nice and all but it might be better to learn how to stand up in front of a class and get them to listen to whatever you're saying first. Just sayin'....That said, I've got four years of AMAZINGNESS courtesey of UIUC in the form of IT, Barton-Lundgren, Sherman Hall (the cell), the Ultimate Frisbee Club, Mug Night at the Illini Inn, Martini Night at Legends', Logo Glass Night or pretty much any night at Murphy's, the roof of the White Ho', Empire Chinese, Pizza Magia, Za's, bus trips to the mall and Meijer, the Suburban Express, FAT DON'S, the cheap ice skating at the Hockey rink, ORANGE KRUSH and I Pride, tent and parking lot tailgates, random frat after hours, apartment parties, quad sunning, the Japan House gardens and the jogging path along vet med, and most of all, the amazing people I met and/or bonded with there.Oh yeah, and I got a degree from there too, that incidentally led to me getting a decent job to boot, so awesome!I-L-L..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Big enough that you will find your place in it.  But only if you look.  Enjoy your time, don't waste it away complaining or being afraid.  You will never have a time in your life when you've had it so good or so easy.  Seriously.  Let yourself enjoy it, but don't be stupid and get too caught up in BS or let yourself flunk out.   If your accepted into this school you are already smart enough, its just a test of maturity, but don't take it too seriously or you will miss out on all the fun.  Go to one of each type of sports event at least once.  Play frisbee or sunbathe on the quad at least once.  Slip on the ice on your way to class at least once.  Use a fake ID at least once.  Got it?  Good.  Don't waste it, its over before you know.
5	I'm a fan. The classes are hard to the whole atmosphere is fantastic for those with an academic bent. No better way to be surrounded by so many different people. Fantastic.
2	I transferred into UIUC at 23 as a junior. I had spent a couple years in community college as well as a couple years working, supporting myself, and traveling. I went to UIUC because it is the best public school in IL, but it turned out to NOT be a good place for me with my level of life experience and need for city living and diversity. I was miserable here because I felt like I was back in high school in the north shore. Had I come to UIUC straight out of high school there is a good chance I would have enjoyed it, but at 23 it was horrible. Because of my bad experience and some money issues I decided to drop out after a month. Now you know things had to be really bad for me to not stick it out for at least a semester. But when I went to drop out I had to go visit with several people who were basically there to make sure that I was making the right decision. They all felt I was especially when they found out how old I was. The average age at UIUC is 19 and the maturity level at that school really showed. Yeah, I probably could've gotten a better education at UIUC than I did at UIC, but I would have suffered in so many other ways that it was really one of the best decisions I ever made. UIC has an average age of 22 and much higher diversity rates. That and it is in my wonderful city of Chicago.
4	I have read the past reviews of UIUC, and I have to say I disagree with all the comments about the U being a bad place for non-traditional students. I also transferred into UIUC at 22. The posters who said that there are immature students and the average age is 19 - you're right. What university isn't this way? Given the fact that there are well over 40,000 students at the school, though, you can't pidgeonhole everyone into this mold. You have all the college groups at UIUC -- young Greeks; intellectual artists; drunken partiers; book worms; seriously cool people; and the same diversity among faculty - some are great and others, well, suck. Nonetheless, no matter what age or social preference you are, you can find a niche on campus if you want to. But you do have to want to.As for my personal experience, my favorite part of UIUC was its research focus. I met some awesome thinkers and shakers in my days as an Illini, and I have to admit that I learned more from those folks than in my entire undergraduate curriculum. Nonetheless, it was also nice to have a program rated #1 or #2 in the nation during any given year. It was quite obvious that as long as I graduated, I had a $60K job waiting for me. And that's really the point anyway - enjoy your time at the U, yes, but only if you can get a job with the degree. Otherwise, there are many other (cheaper) ways to spend 3-6 years of your life...ILL-INI!
5	Having gone to 4 of them, I know a thing or two about colleges/universities.  And one of the things that I know is that U of I is one of the best around.  As someone who had a bit of life experience under her belt by the time she came here, I can say without a doubt that this is a great place for a wide variety of people.  The caveat?  You have to work for it.  It's not dropped in your lap.  Your professors won't hold your hand, the department you're in won't hold your hand, and the administration certainly won't hold your hand.  If I had a question in class, I'd go straight to the prof.  If there was a scheduling conflict for a class I needed, I'd go to my advisor and they could usually work it out.  While at UIUC, my friends ran the gamut from international students to suburban kids to kids from rural illinois.  The diversity is out there.  If you're in LAS or ACES, it may be a bit harder to find.  But it's there.  The classes here are top notch.  I studied engi-nerding, so maybe I'm biased.  But it's not so much what I actually learned in class.  It's really more that I learned how to problem-solve, and how to apply what I learned to real-life situations.  I no longer work in engineering, but I don't feel my undergraduate degree was for naught.  Oskee-wow-wow!
5	Great school. There are a lot of different types of people here, so its easy to fit in. As an electrical engineer, its great that I can be at a school that is thoroughly respected for my major, but at the same time I have tons of options to go out and have fun. Its the perfect mix of academics and college life, in my opinion. (at least for engineers)
5	I am in love with the U of I....I had the best college experience here and met the most wonderful people.  My profs were great, Greek system was great (yeah SK and Triangle!), campustown was perfect, great food, great nightlife, great quad, great union....you get the idea.  I am a VERY proud alumna.  GO ILLINI!!  ILL-INI!
5	Hopefully my review will be a little different than most since I was a transfer student. I transferred to U of I for my junior and senior years and it was the greatest decision of my life. I previously went to Marquette University for my freshman and sophomore years. I won't say that it is a bad school, but it just wasn't a good fit for me. Transferring to U of I was one of the greatest decisions I have ever made in my life. I only wish that I had decided to go there in the first place. The reason I loved my time at U of I so much is that no matter who you are, you can find a place that you are accepted and where you can interact with like-minded people. My two years at U of I were amazing and I still wish to this day that it had been four.
5	This is a great academic institution. I love it here.
5	As a former undergrad and current employee, I too, have to disagree with all the negative reviews. This is classic college at its finest. As a lower classman, your classes are large and very tough. They are unofficially called weed courses. They "weed" out the students that can't handle them. They ensure that the strong students continue and succeed. This is a very large university. If you are looking for someone to hold your hand and guide your every step, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a university that expects you to be responsible, accountable, and successful through your own actions and choices, then this is the place for you. In spite of what some of you have called its crumbling buildings, its Fine Arts Program is one of the top programs in the country. Of course, everyone knows that Engineering, Business and Agriculture are also ranked in the top ten consistently. Illinois has a large international student population, making it incredibly diverse. Illinois has also been a pioneer in handicap accessibility since the 1970s. The opportunities here are amazing and available to everyone. Large universities are not for everyone. If you struggled here, chances are this was not the right school for you. Regardless, it's still one of the best in higher education.
3	For my 600th review, it seemed appropriate to write about the place that brought me to the scenic wonderland of the Midwest, The University of Illinois here in delightful Urbana-Champaign.For a Southern California pseudo-hipster and person of color raised in Los Angeles and educated in San Diego, the U of I is a bit of a disorienting shock.  It's gigantic, yet full of personality and character.  It's also on some levels every stock stereotype about the 'college experience', from the pretentious architecture (that screams "we look like an East Coast college!!!  Bricks!!  Yay!!!") to the terrifying/amazing/astounding/bizarrely huge percentage of students involved in a Greek life that resembles in almost creepy detail the stereotypical movie depictions of said groups, to the absolute obsession Illini sports engenders.I love a lot of it, with the fantastic resources, first class scholarship and immense potential.  I turned down Stanford and a few other 'name' schools as I was amazed and remain constantly impressed by their history doctoral program, and I'm thankful to be here for the education.  However, the location is a bit remote (although sometimes corn can be charming, I swear!), and there are some considerable issues here at U of I that have to be mentioned.While the U of I is definitely a brilliant academic institution and a great place for meaningful exchanges of ideas, diversity is weak here, and cultural understanding/communication is particularly weak.  The issues surrounding the infamous mascot linger on years after its supposed resolution, and to be a person of color in central Illinois is occasionally a difficult and daunting prospect indeed.  I've been called the 'n' word already, and it's a hard place to process when there are screaming groups of students that have been known to have 'tacos and tequila' parties and still openly ask for the return of a racial caricature as a mascot.  It's daunting, but not insurmountable.Most of the students I've met here are friendly, engaging, and generally cheerful.  They mean well, although it is *hard* to sometimes deal with racism either explicit or less intentional, honestly, and incidences like this year's vandalism of the Native American art exhibit outside the culture houses are emblematic of that.That said, the school's trying.  The people of color are vibrant that are here, there is a good community, and it's growing.  I'm thankful for that.  There's a strong organizing tradition here.  People *care* about things, and it's nice to see.A year after accepting their decision to come here, I don't regret it one bit, but Illinois is far from perfect or ideal.  It's a fantastic and wonderfully intellectually rigorous place, but it's also a daily challenge, particularly for us people of color who often have to fight to make our own spaces.  But I love it enough here to keep trying, and I certainly won't stop any time soon.Besides, I've got at least another four years to go 'til I get to be Dr. Teej.
3	Great school for engineering, certainly strong in electrical engineering and food science/ chemical engineering.Campus is very spread out. If you don't drive around (few do due to the lack of parking, surprisingly), you usually will jog from point to point or rollerblade, bike or try to keep classes close together.  Like most of the Midwest schools, there's plenty of grass and few trees... but that's okay, you don't expect anything other than fields of corn when you come to Illinois, right? Not forests.Students and staff are generally friendly to visitors, but few people like the very cold, very snowy/icy winters.*edit: As I was asked: I was only a visitor here, not a student.
5	Great Big Ten school.
5	Hail to the Orange,Hail to the Blue,Hail Alma Mater,Ever so true!We love no otherSo let our motto beVictory, Illinoisssssssssssssss! Varsity!The best education you can get for your money if you're an in-state student.  Great student body, great classes, profs, world class research, great athletics (at least B-Ball was when I was there, although football kind always sucked) .   Long live the Chief!
4	As an electrical engineering graduate, I've been in full agreement with the reviews; our program, and engineering college as a whole is stellar. The professors are amazing, student body motivated, and the programs are very well funded.But of course, nothing's perfect, and I have a few qualms with the engineering programs (elitist to an annoying degree), the overall university administration (some corruption, some nepotism, too much red tape!), parts of the student body (way too segregated, by class, race, interest group), but as a whole, it was a very fulfilling experience, and I'm glad for what it taught me. Perhaps more importantly, it did prepare me for the world that came after.It's a great school; there might not be too much to do around town, but I've found that it brings people closer together, and I've never complained about that. I miss U of I, and the people I loved a great deal, and will continue to rep it's name out in Seattle!
4	The only good thing about Champaign is the school itself.  There are a bunch of interesting characters and plenty to do.  Its really good for engineering and overall, its a great university that is very well known. Doing a cost benefit analysis (if you're in state) its a pretty good bang for your buck.
5	As a U of I grad, I can't stress enough the amazing experiences I have had from Illinois.  From social, academic, and personal points of view, my time at Illinois has influenced every aspect of my being.  From a social standpoint, the school has over 40,000 students and one of the biggest Greek communities in the nation.  The study abroad program is amazing and provides the opportunity to see the world and get your education.  I was lucky enough to study abroad in Spain and travel over Europe while I was there.  From an academic standpoint the quality of education you get for the money is well worth it, and probably one of the cheaper colleges in Illinois unless you are going to a community college.  When I attended the university, my tuition was about $8000 a semester which included tuition plus room and board.  Off the top of my head, Illinois has some of the best agriculture, engineering, and veterinary programs in the country.  The school offers a variety of classes to produce well rounded and worldly graduates.  There are resources to help with interviewing skills, resumes, and job connection.  The athletics at U of I is also something to get excited about and have pride in.  While I went there the basketball team went to the national championship and after I left the football team went to the rose bowl.  There is nothing like supporting your school and bleeding orange and blue.  On a personal note, I lived in both the dorms and in an apartment, two experiences I would suggest for anyone.  Though I never joined a sorority, my now husband was in a fraternity and had the time of his life.  The towns are small but more industry is slowly creeping its way down to Champaign/Urbana.  The main drag at U of I is Green Street and all the bars and shops near school with the cheap prices made my time at U of I one of the best times in my life.  If I could go back in time to relive it all, I would!  It is the quintessential college experience!
5	I attended for 2 years and then went on to nursing school. I didn't graduate here because I transferred straight into a nursing program but often times I wish I did.I am still so proud of having attended this school that I wish I had graduated here but it didn't make fiscal sense..and why waste two years when I was accepted into a nearby nursing program? In my mind, why put myself through 4 more semesters of finals and exams!Even though I only attended for 2 years, I was there for 4 because my nursing program was nearby and honestly, Im glad it was. I still see myself as an Illini. I've had so many great experiences at U of I, from the great academics to the variety of organizations one can join, no matter WHO you are, you WILL fit in. I loved my social life there and lets not forget to mention that U of I has such HUGE greek life.I love the college town experience, I love knowing that everyone around me no matter how different is here for the same goal of a college degree and most of us are at the same station at life no matter how individually unique we are. It makes for fun times and you meet so many people.I'd highly prefer U of I over any "city" school, in the city you take public transportation with a CEO next to you, a hobo on the other side of you and maybe another student or two,  on your way to class. In Champaign, most kids are walking to their lecture on the quad! I lived in the dorms and apartment, both wonderful experiences and college life was really the best time of my life and I wouldn't trade it for anything!
5	One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs.
5	I could write pages and pages about this place and my experiences there, but I need not do so as it still would not do justice.  One of the greatest research institutions that exists.  There are countless opportunities within and outside of class to meet new people from all walks of life, all types of backgrounds.  I transferred to UIUC and stayed for 3 years, and those were great times.  You will be happy you decided to go there, and even more so when you get a job right out of college.  I sure was, and I miss this place dearly due to all the great times I had while there.  I-L-L..I-N-I
5	I am so proud to call this place my Alma Mater. I spent 4 wonderful years there and even if I am currently in a career that had absolutely nothing to do with my major (i'm a techie and BA was in Sociology), I would not trade my degree and my experience there for the world. I do sigh from time to time when I remember walking across the quad to get to my classes. I was in awe at how beautiful the old buildings were.Like others, I could write on and on about how great this school is. The academics were top notch, the people where all so open-minded..and of course of the THE largest Greek systems in the nation did not disappoint this grad.
3	As a senior, I now feel it is appropriate to compose a brief summary of my soon to be alma mater. I really don't know where to start, so I'll begin with reviewing U of I's pretentious academia. Sure you get a great education here if you can get in by merit, but it is increasingly angering to hear stories of minorities with 16s on their ACTs getting accepted.  Yes, you heard that right. 16. Sixteen. One six. The middle fifty percent of students at the U of I typically score between 25 and 30, depending on the college and program of choice. I'm definitely a proponent of getting into college based on merit, especially one that is apparently one of the top ten public universities in the United States. But stories like these put a bad taste in my mouth and wonder where the university's true intentions lie.However, overall I enjoyed my small program nestled inside the tiny college of ACES. Majoring in human development and family studies provided me with a well-rounded education (sans pointless gen-eds) and I feel prepared to extend my education next year when I attend Loyola University in Chicago to obtain my MSW. Maybe because my program is so small, it was easier for me to feel more comfortable in my classes. There are plenty of quirks in the academic department though, as I have heard countless stories of the deans not helping students when they need it most. The deans, especially in the college of ACES, appear unwilling to negotiate or understand students' concerns, especially when it comes to registration, which is always a hassle. Because of this, I am positive that U of I's motives are to get the most money out of each and every student. If I knew this earlier, perhaps I would have given more merit to smaller universities with half the tuition. Socially, this place is a mess. I'm by no means a pretentious snob, but I have never stepped foot in a bar while attending U of I. I have never had a sip of alcohol either. And because of U of I's horrendous party school reputation, there is virtually nothing to do on campus for those who choose to partake in an alternative lifestyle. Once upon a time, I heard that the university used to sponsor movies shown in Foellinger on the weekends. The rec room in the basement of the Illini Union is a perk though as they offer affordable bowling and billiards, and is a great option if you want to see some international Asian students. One more thing- U of I prides itself on "Unofficial", a senseless "celebration" of St. Patrick's day which glorifies the misuse and abuse of alcohol. And although the president of the university says otherwise and talks in circles about refusing to condone this event, I have seen no improvements in maintaining public safety throughout my four years here.As for the dorms, I am proud to say that I survived my two year sentence locked up in university housing. I spent my freshman year at FAR (Trelease Hall) and my sophomore year at ISR (Wardall Hall). If you enjoy a condescending attitude and inattentive and unresponsive residence hall staff, especially when a roommate issue arises, university housing is the place for you! I can't believe I wasted ten grand a year on the two worst years I experienced at this school. Apartment life was much better as a whole and the university is home to some great realtors who actually take care of you. I highly recommend Roland Realty. Other than that, there are some aspects I will miss. I will miss the squirrels on the quad, the squirrels north of the union, and the squirrels that will jump up on you anticipating receiving some bread. They are that friendly.
3	Need a permit or a document?  Go to office A.  Office A tells you to go to office B.  Office B tells you to go to Office A.  Email Director of Office A and Office B and tell them to get their act together.  Seriously, though.  I sometimes feel like I'm in the movie Brazil - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil_(film) - when I'm on campus.  Since it's a state institution, it's inherent that there are multiple layers of bureaucracy.   But the U of I takes it to the extreme, and will often make your four years on campus feel like a bad trip to the DMV.   I feel like some of the bureaucrats on campus don't have enough to do, and make up stupid rules and policies to give themselves something to do.I've enjoyed much of my experience on campus- especially the opportunities to interact with Professors in small group settings.  If you want to succeed on this campus, you need to know how to fight for yourself.  After you finish registration your freshman year, you won't have anyone advocating for you.
5	I bleed orange and blue and there is nowhere on earth that I adore more than the University of Illinois.  Nowhere.We have had season football tickets for six years now and today was the first one we were able to attend this season.  It was fabulous to be back on campus where the students never really age and something fun just always seems to be happening.I had a great time here, majored in Spanish and minored in French.  I retired from full time teaching two years ago after teaching Spanish and French for 35 years.  I supported myself and my family all because of my degree from here.   I got to spend my Junior year in Spain and met women who are in my daily life to this day.  When I applied to colleges this was the only state school for which I applied.  I figured,  if you can't go to the best, why go at all? I grew up on this U of I line of thinking, my father also graduated from here.  Then I did and then my younger sister did.  I, in turn, indoctrinated my children and my oldest daughter graduated from here 9 years ago and my youngest 2 years ago.  For us, there aren't any other colleges.They are updating the dorms, the quad is still magical and one of these days, the football team will play up to its potential.  But I don't care, even when they lose, I just love the U of I.  I L L    I N I
5	I never really considered writing a Yelp review for UIUC, but after seeing some of the ludicrous negative reviews, I'd like to voice my opinion.Most importantly, for those individuals who may be considering the University for their higher education needs, know that it is an excellent place of learning, especially for engineering and the sciences.  I don't think it's fair or accurate to claim that there is nothing to do in Champaign or that it is devoid of the cultural richness of cities like Chicago.  If you asked many of my college friends, they may take the position that the best thing about the C U is the drinking, but I would contend that people who take that position have never left campus or spent time trying to find something to do with their time.  There are lots of things to do and places to spend time that don't involve drunk undergrads.  And, you'll get a quality education at a good price (even though tuition keeps going up).
5	Ignore the haters.I loved this school from the minute I stepped onto the campus for my college visit. It was the only college I applied to, and I miss my undergrad years there immensely. It was a time of great growth and experience, and it really is what you make of it. If you apply yourself and make an effort to reach out, have new experiences, and make new friends, you're going to have a great time. Join a student organization, or better yet, start one. Find some ethnic cuisine you've never tried before. Skip the campus bars every now and then and try out downtown Champaign. Pull an all-nighter in the UGL. Go to your professor's office hours for a change. Pick up some B movies at That's Rentertainment. Play intramural sports. Get a job at a dorm dining hall and make lifelong friends. Watch some kids play Dance Dance Revolution extremely well in the Illini Union. Read a book of poems on the Quad. I'm not a frat bro. Nothing like one. And, though Illinois has more than its fair share of them, you definitely don't have to go Greek to love UIUC.
5	Maybe my review is a little different than the reviews you have read about UIUC.  You see, I was a student there from 1962 to 1966.  I graduated when dinosaurs roamed the quadrangle and women had to be in their dorms tucked in by 10:30 pm on weekdays and 1 am on weekends.When I was at UIUC (and this is NOT a misprint), one semester's in-state tuition and fees were $135/semester.  It only cost about $1000-1200 per YEAR if you lived and ate in a university residence hall.And I remember some of the mouth watering meals they served like SOS (no, not the scouring pads), Salisbury steak with gook on it, many variations of mystery meat, turkey tetrazzini, and so on.Four semesters of ROTC and Physical Education were mandatory, wasting six hours' perfectly good time every week - a time better spent sleeping, fooling around, drinking beer, or pursuing other intellectual interests.The university was less selective in admissions at that time.  It would take almost all high school graduates who scored in the top half of their classes, and would take a few from the third quartile too.  Of course, then as now, they hired semi-literates to stock the football and basketball teams. The Daily Illini's Roger Ebert frequently wrote sarcastic articles about Dick Butkus, painting him as somebody who had no business taking up space there.In reality, the students who were not in about the top quartile of their high school teams usually left the university by the end of their first year - so UIUC did graduate top-ranked students as they do today.  Indeed I had a roommate who flunked out in his senior year.I will tell you that UIUC had exceedingly high standards, and I did receive a rigorous and challenging education, which qualified me for admission to another Big Ten university's graduate school - and a subsequent career in engineering and eventually middle management in marketing.  Yes, marketing.Things do not change over time.  Freshmen got drunk at Kam's and puked all over the sidewalk.  Self-styled activists would try to save the world from all of its injustices - especially if a TV camera were focused on them, guys belched and farted, the passenger trains to/from Chicago were late, and a major objective of almost all students was to get laid.All kidding aside, I am very proud of my experience and education at the U of I; and I will always be fond and grateful for my four years there.
3	As a 26 year old graduate social work student, I have had a little bit of a mixed experience at U of I so far.  I attended the another big-name Midwestern state school for undergrad and I really mostly liked it, so I thought I knew what to expect from a big state school.  I expected a challenging academic environment, diversity, progressiveness, the interesting combination of students from all over the world and smallish town Midwestern townies.  I am aware of the pitfalls of big schools, such as feeling like you are just a number and having to kind of fight to get your professors and advisers to notice you. The town itself seemed a bit boring, but nice.  I was partially right, in some ways.  Some of the classes are very academically challenging and interesting, with very accomplished professors.  It's not QUITE as homogenous or backwards as you might expect, given the semi-rural location.  There are infinite numbers of options in terms of programs of study.  However, there are a lot of negatives I wasn't expecting.  A few other commenters mentioned issues of discrimination, and I've noticed that, too.  There are a lot of really ignorant, affluent, heterosexual and cisgendered white students (MANY from the Chicago suburbs, some from rural towns in Illinois, almost ALL from Illinois) who are very privileged and bigoted - and the social work program is NO exception to this.  There are significant amounts of sexism, racism, homophobia etc. both on campus in general and within classrooms specifically.  The religious diversity is not what you would want, either.  People barely know what transgender means.  As a gay student, if I walk around holding hands with my partner, sometimes we experience harassment, and we almost always experience dumbfounded, impolite staring.  Additionally, there is the awful issue of the racist-caricature mascot that people insist on wearing around on their shirts.  It's appalling!  Generally, I think that the University tries, but there are a lot of very ignorant students.  There's also an immature feel, and that extends to some of the graduate programs as well.  This is definitely a place that a non-traditional student - or even an adult graduate student who doesn't want to behave like a drunk teenager all week - fits in that well.  Like other big schools, scheduling can be a serious challenge, and professors can be very impersonal and uninterested in teaching.  The Greek system is a serious problem - it is totally out of control, the "Unofficial" thing is ridiculous, all of Campustown smells like stale beer and vomit on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  The town is not fabulous, but there are at least some decent places to eat and get a drink that aren't completely douchey.  All in all, I don't necessarily regret coming here all the time.  However, I was negatively surprised by some of the backwardness, discrimination, and obnoxious Greek culture - all were much worse than I thought they'd be.
4	Very pretty view and lots of stores, restaurants, bars...Good combination of academic and party life.Had my master here in communication.Good class content but not much help in career.Living expense is pretty low, rent is 300-700 regularly, food is around 5-15 a meal. 50 dollars of grocery can last you a week and a drink at the bar is around 3.
5	A beautiful campus with the main quad (preferably viewed on during a May sunset) as the crown jewel.  Best know for its top ranked EE/CS and other engineering departments but it also has a truly amazing school Of animal sciences/ agricultural engineering. It may not be near a big city but,after all, it has its own downtown!
