5	At my age, it happens once a year.  Lean forward, place one breast on glass, have other piece of glass mechanically maneuver into place and squish breast flat.  Hold breath, release, breathe, and repeat on other side.   Smile, while trying to maintain some dignity. It is of course, a necessary evil in the world of modern medicine. It was time for the dreaded mammogram.  I knew that John C.  Lincoln had recently opened a new Breast Center at their Deer Valley location, so when my favorite gynecologist asked me if I had a preference of where I would like to go, I said, "Yes, I think I want to try the new one at John C. Lincoln Deer Valley."    So, consult in hand, I called and scheduled an appointment.  I arrived 10 minutes early, as directed, and opened the door to a beautiful reception area.  Pink, tasteful and very feminine, in a hip kind of way.  I was immediately directed to a seat at the counter, where my insurance, medical history and hospital wristband were professionally and very privately handled.  From there I was directed to the sitting area, complete with comfy chairs and current magazines. Within minutes, I was lead back to a changing room, with lockers and monogrammed robes to change into.  Wow, it really was starting to feel like a spa.  From there I was taken through another beautiful decorated waiting room filled with natural light.  Ok, maybe this wasn't going to be so bad after all.  I had yet to even break a sweat or think about sprinting for the door.    After a short wait, I was led into the mammography room.  It was pink and happy and the Radiology Technician was friendly and professionally explained the procedure.  Then, without any loss of my dignity through artful draping of my robe, she guided me through the positions and placement needed for the 4 digital photos.  It was done, in less than 10 minutes.  I returned to the changing room, complete with deodorant (as directed, I did not use any before my mammogram), sink and mirror, to get dressed. I was done. I will hopefully hear that all was routine and we will see you again next year.  But the experience was really great. (I can't believe I said that about a mammogram) I felt like I was in a spa.  An offer of herbal tea, glass of wine, or a massage would not have surprised me!  hmmm... do you think insurance would cover that??All joking aside, I know that breast cancer is a very serious subject.  If ever faced with that disease, I know that I will turn to the Doctors and Staff at the John C. Lincoln Breast Health and Research Center for support, knowledge and care.Remind someone you love to get a mammogram.
5	Up to date 3D mammography. Everyone is very nice and helpful to help your all the way. I loved the beautiful mirrors and rooms and colors make it a warm calming process.Today i had my a 6 month follow-up. Because I needed additional images and an ultra sound done, everything was explained as we went along. it was determined that i needed a stereotactic core biopsy .  That was scheduled right away and the process was pretty fast. Everything turned out very well for me. Just so you know, when you have a biopsy done, they will tag you with a titanium clip.radiologist explained they were putting a clip in to "mark" it. They ended up doing a brief mammo after to make sure they could see it and it was in the right place. He told me its purpose was for future mammograms, so they would know this mass had been biopsied. Also, on the very slim chance it turned out they needed to do anything further on it they know how to find it. Its like the size of an eyelash. Breast exams saves livesI feel that it is fair to give all 5 stars for my expeince.
5	The breast health center looks like a spa and helps to allay all the anxieties that go along with breast cancer screening. Everyone is friendly and professional, their hours are great, and results are available quickly, sometimes even during the visit.  I will definitely be going back!
