4	I found myself looking at a small crowd gathering around the doors of a new cafe this afternoon.  I wandered over to see what was going on and it appears that this is opening weekend for this little business. First impression: above average rating. Small and intimate coffee and desert style business. Employees were friendly but quite didn't know the flavors of dessert menu.  One lady said she didn't know and didn't bother to offer and seek out the info I wanted.  Another lady overheard me questioning and walked over and said she "would go find out for me". Kudos to her! As I was in the mood to try some of their macaroons!!Cleanliness:  Spotless floors, counters, and work areas.  POS register is modern and techy, which was impressive. Employees appearances were nice, neat, and consistent from one to another. The cooks in the back all had the white chef smock and looked presentable and clean.  Seating: This cafe has indoor/outdoor seating.  Inside can accommodate roughly 15-20 people at tables along the inside wall in the left side. Outdoor umbrella patio tables are located just in front of the entrance which can seat about 30 people. Parking and location:Plenty even 12 disabled parking spaces too!  This business is located in the Costco shopping center in southeast corner of the shopping center. Pricing and menu:Price seems to be a little on the high side for some of the menu items. A dozen mini macaron cost me $15. They have a full menu serving appetizers, breakfast, lunch & dinner items.  I think I will give their burgers a try next time. Fountain drinks, bottled drinks, coffee, and a gelato station will sum up the rest. They didn't seem to have any menus printed up as of yet, only TV style displays behind the counter. As I stated above, I came in because I wanted something sweet.  I ordered the macaroons and to my delight, I am impressed.  Rich with flavor, vibrant in color, and they have a robustness that will pop on the first bite. All in all, I am pleased and am looking forward to coming back for an actual meal. Having said that, I welcome you Honey Cakes to the neighborhood!  Much luck to all of you.
1	Me and a co worker ordered a couple of burgers from this place. One well done and one medium well. Both of our burgers were raw.  Took one bite out of the burger and spit it out. When I went to show the manager he said it was medium rare. Don't make up excuses fix the problem. That burger messed up my entire day.
1	As my co worker above , I received a rare burger as well. However I didn't have time to bring it to the attention of the management. I microwaved the burger so it was edible. The bacon was over cooked and the only real highlight was the free drink the manager gave me for waiting for my burger.
5	Man, this place is great! Incredible atmosphere, friendly services, prices were great, and the food was great!  I had the jerk chicken wings and the flavor was fantastic.  Although the portions were nice, I found myself wanting more!  I ate outside in a cafe style atmosphere which was perfect!  The place was clean and the staff was very lively.  I can't wait to get back to try something else on the menu! Have my eye on the shrimp!
4	This is a new place located in the North Part of the valley.  The menu is simple and easy to read and by the looks of it they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The majority of the items were sandwiches and burgers but they also have little breakfast quiche that looked delicious.  I was able to try a sample of the brisket which I am always a fan of but this was slightly different than what I am used to. I enjoy a Texas style brisket with lots of smoke and a flavorful rub.  This had none of that but was still tender and tasty.  I decided to have the burger and o-rings which was alright.  What were more exciting to look at were the desserts and the gelato.  The Red Velvet pastry looked amazing among all of the other delicious choices.  It looks as if the pastries are very well done.  I was able to sample some of the 12 flavors of gellato that they make in house and out of the three I tried the bananas foster was my favorite, excellent flavors.  I cannot wait to go back here for some gelato and some espresso  while sitting on their outdoor patio area.  Welcome to the neighborhood.
4	I live close by so I've been watching closely to see when this place opened to give it a try. I walked in and I have to admit I was impressed as I was not expecting things like gellato/ice cream, and cupcakes to tempt me on my way in... . I just got off work so I planned to grab a menu on my way home, but I actually decided to have an early dinner.I ordered to go and got one of their burgers. I was a little skeptical of the price till I realized they were half pound burgers. When I got home I saw the container not only with the massive burger, but it was filled to the brim with fries. Given that other places skimp on sides it was a very pleasant surprise. They were decent fries, nothing to write home about, but a good enough fry to go with a burger. I also got a side of onion rings as well since the price was right, and they were huge! Definitely tasted good, but I almost couldn't fit the food in my mouth! (I have a small mouth...thanks genetics), however even with it not quite fitting well in my mouth, I definitely look forward to trying Honey Cakes again, I had a feeling that their burgers weren't their specialty (or they're still trying to find their groove), and I hope that maybe a quarter/third pound might hit their menu in the future, as honestly a half pound with all the food they offer is too much food even for a fatty like me.This place doesn't have everything, but has a lot of forays into various areas and plan to bring some of family to try them. My girlfriend loves crepes, My mom likes red velvet pancakes, and my dad could probably be swayed to the jerk chicken. I tried to avoid the desserts as I really didn't want to break my diet so I can't really speak on those.As far as rating's, they still have a little bit of growing pains. They're brand new (at the time of writing) and it is obvious (As it is with any restaurant) that they are, but it is not their fault in the slightest. The food has generous portions, friendly staff, and I feel that once some of the wrinkles are ironed out it will be a solid addition to my food rotation. That being said, there's no wait on the food being good (I am very happy full after just having eaten there) and a solid 3.5-4 stars :)P.S. My burger was NOT raw even when I ordered it Medium.
3	Trying out this newly opened cafe.  They have a chicken curry that uses scotch bonnet peppers and allspice that looked interesting.  Also, a series of crepes and trying the shrimp Alfredo, Truffle and tomato salad, and baked Mac and cheese casserole.Smells terrific!
4	Four stars because it took close to 20 minutes to receive our food and we were the only ones there.  My lime chicken sandwich was very good. I had ordered onion rings for my side, but instead I was served French fries.  The waitress was apologetic and replaced them.  My little one had the truffle Mac and cheese, which was super cheesy and yummy.  For dessert, I had a white chocolate eclair and my little one had the red velvet cupcake.  Both were delicious.I'm excited to have this establishment in my neighborhood and I wish the owners tons of success.
3	I love supporting local businesses....in fact, I make a point to spend my money at local places.  So, when I saw this new cafe coming on my side of town, I was thrilled!  I was very hopeful it would live up to its great name!  It turns out it was a 3-star experience.We stopped in on a Saturday morning early. The location is conveniently located in a strip mall right off 215.  It has several outside tables, which is perfect for dining outside when the weather is nice.The inside of the cafe is quaintly decorated with warm inviting colors.  Their set-up is a little awkward because their display cases are so large it doesn't leave much room for ordering, using the condiment station or making your way back to the restrooms.  I can't imagine how hard it will be to move around once it starts getting crowded.Here are the pros:  friendly wait staff, ease in ordering, interesting menu, good coffee and comfy seating.Here are the cons:  long wait to get your food, inconvenience of getting your coffee condiments if you seat outside, and average food.I thought their prices were a little high for the quality/quantity you receive.  Their brisket wasn't very flavorful and had large pieces of grissel.  The veggie quiche was flavorful though...but pricey at $7.95 with no sides.Their desserts looked good, so we might be back to give those a try.  They offered an assortment of gelato, macaroons and cakes.
4	So I went back to and tried the chicken line sandwich with fries. The chicken was moist and thoroughly cooked. The fries were good and tried a sample grape macaroon. I definitely want to try one of the chocolate mousse.
5	AWESOME SERVICE!!!! I took my family to this cafe after finding it on restaurants.com. The food was great and the presentation of their desserts was comparable to a high-end restaurant on The Strip! We ended up chatting with the owner, who was very friendly. He, his wife, the cook and the girl behind the counter were all very attentive and it was obvious they each take pride in their business.
4	Friendly, fast service, clean storefront and kitchen (I like that you can see into the kitchen!!), and a welcoming environment.  They had a great breakfast selection, but a chocolate cupcake caught my eye!! So rich and amazing and... their chef was amazed that I asked what kind of buttercream he used! It's not the shortening crap you get from some places!! Oh no!!! They make true Italian buttercream, and oh the difference!!! The flavor and mouth feel were perfect, the cake was still moist even though I feel the cupcake was made the day before.  The flavor was on point and not overwhelming or too sweet, and it was decorated beautifully! I will definitely return to sample more of their goods!!! I recommend this place to everyone! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I reserve that for near perfection.  I am not taking anything at all away from this gem of a cafe- it just isn't a Michelin starred place :)  Go visit them!!!
5	Outstanding service, the food was amazing, great presentation and the cook paid a visit to make sure we were happy with our meal. Wish I lived closer, this would be a regular spot.
4	I stumbled upon this place when I was near the neighborhood and it was a perfect timing because I was craving for some French macarons. It's a really cute place with great service. The girl was so easy to talk to and her service was impeccable. I decided to eat here to try it out and since because I haven't ate yet. It's pretty much like a cafe. They have breakfast and lunch items, sandwiches and burgers, and soups and salads. On the dessert side they have cakes, pastries, gelato, and the French macarons. We ordered the honey 1/2 pound black angus sirloin burger and turkey pesto sandwich. Their food is pretty good. My only complaint about my food was that I wish there was more of that pesto spread so it had a little bit more flavor. But over all the food was delish. Oh, and their macarons are really yummy too AND cheap! So I'm definitely coming back here for more of that and to try the rest of their food.
5	The food was great I recommend the honey burger, the service was great too our server Brooklyn was a delight and cute to.
4	Food was INCREDIBLY good.  The service was great as well though we had to sit outside as the cooking made the shop a little smoky.  Will eat here again.
5	I've been here multiple times now and they have Great service and even better food. All the staff is real nice. Chef will visit the table and if the meal isn't perfect, they will fix it without making a big deal about it. It's a local business and its small but totally worth the trip!
5	Really a great place!  All the food and pastries look and taste high quality. So far my favorite are their cream filled pastries with a cup of coffee. Can't wait to try other items.
3	Was in a cupcake kinda mood so I found this place on yelp! Stopped In and bought 6 cupcakes for my family and I........ $17 for 6 cupcakes!! It's a little outrageous to pay that much, but they were delicious!  The menu looks amazing and can't wait to try more!! I wish they did some sort of discount or package price if you buy 6/12 cupcakes. All the bakery items looked Fabulous!!
5	Just... Wow! My husband and I had to go to the dmv so we did a search for breakfast places off of Decatur. Found this place and decided to give it a shot.When you first walk in you are greeted by a dozen Gelato flavors and a gorgeous  display case filled with freshly bakes pastries and other goodies. The breakfast menu ranges from NY steak and eggs to veggie crepes with lots of goodness in between. My husband had the brisket sandwich and it was amazing. The meat was tender and flavorful, not even the slightest bit dry. I had the breakfast crepe with bacon, sausage and ham. Oh. My.  Goodness. It was fantastic!The owner came out to greet us - a friendly, very conversational guy. We chatted for a bit and discussed the lunch menu, something that we have decided to check out for ourselves in a few hours.I love supporting small businesses and this is for sure going to be one of our regular breakfast spots from now on.
5	Just discovered my first Vegas hidden Gem. Wow what an amazing sandwich. I had the 4 meat sandwich and fries with a side of potato salad. Not to over hype but I found my new favorite fries. the sandwich was piled high with succulent goodness and now my tastebuds are excessively happy. Their treats are also fantastic. but I have not had that good of a sandwich in a while. Top Notch in my book.
4	Great breakfast. So happy we found this little gem. Next time I'm getting dessert first.
4	The service was really friendly! Almost fine dining service. Food was probably the only meh thing about it. Selections was a bit limited IMO. Over all great place, will head back soon.
5	What a Find!  Honey Cakes is a cozy place in a strip mall that serves excellent food and wonderful deserts.  We had dinner there tonight with a couple of friends and we were pleasantly surprised with every dish that we ordered.  I started with the French Onion Soup and it was fantastic.  The serving was in a saucer type bowl which was a conversation piece in itself.  My next dish was the Chicken Curry and again it was outstanding as well.  There was plenty of Chicken and the curry was very tasteful, but not overpowering.  It was served with white rice, which was great for soaking up the curry gravy and french string beans which were cooked to perfection.  I ended the evening with a small cup of Rum Raisin Gelato which was the best that I have ever tasted.  I would highly recommend Honey Cakes and we certainly will be dining there more frequently.
5	The food here is great! I had the 1/2 lb. "Honey" burger with the onion rings and the burger was the best! Thick, juicy, delicious! Remember the old burger places that hand formed their patty and it was thick and flavorful? You're in for a treat here. The onion rings also seemed hand dipped and spiced well. My daughter ordered the mac and cheese made with Brie and (I believe) cheddar cheese. I had one bite just to try it and WOW! I'm definitely ordering that next trip in! My family and I will be back here as my new favorite. The owner / chef seems very professional but has to work in a very cramped kitchen (poor guy!). Pumpkin pie gelato  was very good, also.Let me tell you about the service....The young man that served us was genuinely interested in giving us quality service and product. He was on top of refilling our drinks and we were left to want for nothing. 15% - 20% tip recommended if you get him!
5	I'm so pleasantly surprised by this little gem! My husband ordered the curry chicken, my daughter ordered the seafood sandwich with salmon and shrimp, and I ordered the tomato truffle salad!! It was all amazing!!! The service was out of this world!! The chef came to check on is and ask us how everything was. My daughter tried to get the seasoning recipe for the fries and he had a great sense of humor about their secret recipe. We ended with gelato, rum raisin, pumpkin, and mango!!! We. Will. Be Back!
4	I had the French Toast which was great.  Coffee was delicious.   The service was very friendly.   A nice new place to enjoy breakfast with great shopping nearby.  I'll be back.
5	Great cafe! Very relaxing with outstanding service. The food is also very delicious! We will be back!
5	Wonderful potato leek soup. Very pleasant service. Everyone was so nice. Cute place, hopefully will do well versus the big chains in the same shopping center. Would definitely visit again.
4	A small cafe in Aliante that has been open for only 9 weeks.  Owned and operated by a former chef at MGM - he is so wonderful and personable. He's originally from Barbados, hence, jerk chicken, jerk everything on the menu. Chicken Line Sandwich:Chicken breast with red peppers, onions, lettuce and tomato, pickles and fries on the side. 4/5Avocado Burger:Beef patty, lettuce, tomato, avocado, Brie, pickles and fries on the side. 4/5Buttermilk Pancakes:Amazingly light and fluffy pancakes - I don't even like pancakes that much! 5/5Truffles, Eggs and Chives:Eggs cooked however you want. I got sausage and they were delicious - the casing would snap and it wasn't uber salty. I wasn't a big fan of the potatoes though - they could be more crisp and golden brown. 4/5Chocolate Mousse:This is one of my favorite desserts. Their version has a hint of dark chocolate/coffee that brings out the chocolatey goodness of the mousse. 5/5Chocolate Raspberry Tart:You've seen this dessert many times before at many hotels/restaurants. Tart raspberries with sweet chocolate. 4/5Gelato:I tried the pistachio and also the Nutella coffee crunch...yyyyyuuuuuummmm!  Too bad they don't sell gelato by the pint. 5/5They do custom cakes and they're not that pricey. I really hope this establishment does well as we need more businesses like this in this part of town. The chef works with other local chefs and business owners as well (such as Jinju Chocolates).
3	I've passed this place several times since it opened and I kept saying I wanted to come here based off the few pics the yelpers had posted, but I was disappointed that they were out of 2 of items I wanted to order. They were all out of brisket and the baker had not come in yet to make most of the pastries so it was very limited. The cashier was nice the and the cafe gave u the feeling of being in a lil cafe somewhere other than in Vegas ( which was refreshing).   With all that being said, my husband ordered the sirloin burger which I might add was huge and he enjoyed it! I however ordered the avocado burger which is advertised w a pretzel bun, which it wasn't. Now this might seem very minute to some, but my agreement is u can't just serve a burger on a sesame bun and not even acknowledge that u changed the bun all together..    All in all my husband enjoyed his meal so it wasn't like the food was bad but they need to fix some inconsistencies.
5	Excellent service and the food is exceptional.  Wonderful array of teas,  pastries,  and  a eclectic menu.... Thank you Jordan for your hospitality
5	Today was my first time in the Cafe and I must say it was an amazing experience. I met the owner and all the staff along with some of the staffs family that had walked in. Everyone in the Cafe was extremely friendly and the food was excellent. I can't wait to go back and try breakfast now and have another cup of coffee. I am a huge Starbucks fan but now after having the Columbian coffee there today..... Well.... Sorry Starbucks but this coffee is to die for along with the Spicy Rootbeer Tea
3	Great atmosphere, out of ice and regular coke, and thermostat turned way down. Was bothered by solicitors handing out pamphlets while sitting down - how wierd! !?? The cooler started leaking during the meal, and started pooling water - yup time to leave. My hamburger was great though.
1	First time here. I had read reviews on yelp, so figured i would give this place a try. Got a chocolate macaroon and it was Almost as hard as a rock. Needless to say i won't be back.
1	The red velvet pancakes were spongy and had a sour  taste. The breakfast calzpne was mostly dough that was still raw. TERRIBLE!
5	I liked the look of the place. It had a warm and cozy feel of an Italian cafe. I ordered chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal raisin cookies, and chocolate moose cake. They were all delicious. I went back for dinner the next day and ordered 1/2 jerk chicken that came with green beans, red beans & rice. I also ordered the honey 1/2 pound burger with fries. Both meals were full of flavor. I'm a satisfied customer. Also the lady at cash register was very friendly. I don't remember her name.
