5	Wonderful place to stop.  We had lunch and the entirety of Montreal brought their wine with them to this lovely little place.  Steak Frite fantastic and Duck Confit out of this world.
3	Okay, well here's my review of steak frites. The decor is very nice. This is a good-looking restaurant and It shows. The owners of this restaurant gave themselves every opportunity possible to be successful. Beautiful space, location, steak, all you can eat fries, bring your own wine! This should be a home run. But it isn't a home run. Here's my problem with this restaurant. The steak! The cuts of meat are extremely poor. Now I've been here more than once, so this isn't an isolated incident. Tonight I ordered a 7 ounce steak, and my steak almost tasted like to liver. And by coincidence, my friend says to me within the first 15 seconds of chewing, "hey, my steak taste like liver". This restaurant has everything going for itself. But the one problem they just can't seem to get away from is that there cuts of meat are cheap. I really want this restaurant to be good. But I always leave disappointed.I should probably give it 2 stars. But it could easily be 4.
3	This place wasn't so bad...another decent restaurant to stop in while touring about the old port.  Our service was friendly and the endless fries were a hit with everyone.  It's BYOB so fair warning, bring in your own booze.  It's not a home run as other reviewers indicate, but another spot for tourists that places it safe.
3	The bottomless fries are a great idea, but the fact of the matter is that they're a little overcooked and quite bland, so not really worth your while. Food's overpriced (but you knew that already), but really quite good. Their steak (I had the 9 oz. cooked medium) was delicious. Ultimately it was alright, but way overrated and way overpriced.
4	Oh, how I love this place!I won't start by raving about the all you can eat fries...but...they have all you can eat fries! mmmmmmOf all the BYOW places in Montreal that I have been to, this one takes the cake. The atmosphere is awesome, the food is delicious, and the prices are great! I've had a few things on their menu but never any seafood (because it's a steak place, duh), and I've never been really disappointed (although their steak isn't the best..). The service has always been great (even on busy nights), and we've always managed to have a good time here whether we've been a group of 2 or 30 (yes, I threw a party here once, and they accommodated us SO well!)Also, you CANNOT miss out on their mini desserts. They are to die for! Especially the creme brulee....sooooo yummy.All in all, despite the not-super-amazing steak, I still keep coming back. Check it out - you won't be disappointed :)
1	I was a fan of Steak Frites and even took my mom there on Mother's Day last year. Then it seemed that each visit got worse than the last. I hosted a baby shower there last year and the waiter was so bad we had to go to the window where you talk to the kitchen and nearly bed for missing items and condiments.  A year later, aka last week, we gave it another try.My salad looked like it had been in an oven. The salmon tartar has a shiny film on it from being prepped too far in advance, and the green beans were both over cooked and cold.  We tried to talk to the waiter but he just made excuses and blamed the very friendly and accommodating girl who was running the food.Steak Frites: From First to WORST.
2	The steak there is not amazing for what you pay... I just feel there are better alternatives after being there a fee times.
3	We arrived on time and were seated in the upper floor. The service was well paced, the menu a little difficult to read fro our seats but otherwise fine. Where were we let down... a steak that was ordered rare was medium rare at one and and well-done (ie leather) at the other end. The irony was that we also ordered a vegetable brochette which was almost raw and uncooked. When your name has the word Steak in it, you better know how to cook a steak perfectly.....While I'm not deducting points for this, I have to point out that the server (under orders from management) removed a plate while others were still eating. I know that this is normal practice in the US, but many people (including myself) think that this is rude and we should at least be asked if it's acceptable. It makes a guest feel like they are eating too slowly and the other(s) to sit uncomfortably as if they are rushing the other(s). It's a horrible standard and makes people at the table uncomfortable. Save us from this rudeness by simply either asking if you may remove the plate or waiting until all have finished.
4	If you are looking for a great steak, this is not the best place for one however, it is a bring your own wine which makes it a little better. Our server was nice and recommended the calamari and it did not disappoint.  I love the ambiance of this resto, it feels quite romantic and classy. I would bring a date here to show off my excellent wine picking skills and order some good appys. The steak on the other hand needs to be improved.
