5	Great food and great speedy service. Both perfect English and spanish service.  I had the medium Campechana and it was delicious. Briught me chips and meal was out without seconds.  Super friendly staff. Family own.
4	It's hard to find a good mariscos spot on the west side of the valley, so when the 'Grand Opening' sign went up, I knew it would be a matter of time before I would be there.  I've been there twice in the past week, ordering something different each time, and twice have been pleased with very delicious meals, as well as the people I've been with.  The service was friendly, and given the meals ordered, there was a slight wait, but along with awesome food, there is also the presentation of the food, which adds to the flair of the meal.  While waiting, you do get a bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa to chomp on and there is an assortment of hot sauces on the table to test as well.  The owners would mingle and talk to the customers instead of just watching people spend their money there. The prices were a little slightly higher than the average mariscos place, but the food is just a little better than your average place.The menu proves this isn't just a Mexican restaurant with fish and shrimp added to fit the name, the menu is real deal mariscos! The decoration and design of the place is very fitting with the mariscos theme and really adds to the comfort level, there was some actual thought and effort put into it.  There is also a small bar with a wide variety of assorted liquors to mix up type of flavorful concoction, from a michelada to a margarita, to a bucket of coronas and almost anything in between as well. It's an overall very good restaurant and to me a very high 4 stars! Will most definitely keep coming back!
5	I've been here twice so far, and everytime it's been great. Large menu, plenty of Mexican beers, staff is super friendly. All kinds of hot sauces. Only negative I can say is the price, but trust me, it's well worth your money. I'll definitely be returning in the future.
5	Friendly environment, great service, and food was fantastic, really. You must try one of their micheladas surely will be back!
