4	I used to take my old Volvo here, back when it ran. And it didn't run that well so I was here several times. Don and Jon gave me quick, reliable service at a fair price, and they didn't try to sell me on repairs I didn't need or parts that were too expensive. They knew me and my dad by name... probably because something broke on my car at least once a month, but still, it's nice. They even watched my back and kept my stereo faceplate locked in the office if I had to leave the car overnight, rather than leaving it in plain sight in the car. I don't drive an import anymore but if I ever do, you can bet I'll be back.
5	Don and John and crew have worked on my Audi (many times) and my daughter's Honda CR-V (once, so far.)  I'm an engineer and something of a car nut and when younger did just about every small job myself (brakes, water pumps, etc.) so I can follow most of what they tell me.  I have found them to be honest and trustworthy and recommend their shop without hesitation.My Audi had a recurring issue centered on the secondary air injection system causing the CEL (Check Engine Light) to come on and preventing me from obtaining my annual state inspection. I replaced the electrical air pump myself once, only to find that the problem came back. Import Connection not only fixed it for a reasonable price but when it failed again under warranty a few months later, they replaced it again. Next they did my timing belt and other major maintenance (90k miles) for about half the price of the dealer.My daughter's Honda also had the dreaded CEL (code P42.)  I replaced one of the O2 sensors myself but it didn't cure the problem.  Import Connection measured the air/fuel ratio and found it was way out of spec. The fix was a valve adjustment job ($260) which corrected the air/fuel mix and the cured the CEL problem. Again, if you're looking for an honest shop I think you'll be happy with this one.  As always, do your homework first and get second opinions. I think you'll come back here though. I hope that I won't have to go back soon, but will if I can't do it myself!
1	Import connections triggered an electronic malfunction while changing my oil. When I took my car back to them, my problem was not prioritized, and also they tried to charge me for fixing their mistake. I will never ever take my german car to them. If you like your automobile take it somewhere else.
