5	I first went to the equestrian center because I got a Groupon, or one of those daily deals coupons, for 2 for 1 trail rides. I used to have two horses and rode english and western style and it had been 10+ yrs really since I rode so I was about due! We showed up about 10-15 mins early, as they request, so that you can find a helmet if you want to wear one and get saddled up. I have ridden a few of those gorgeous beasts, Magpie, Molly to name a few, but my fiance first got Big Boy and requests him every time. It is about a 50 min trail ride through the woods. Only crummy thing is, you can't go faster than a walking pace. It is very hard not to tear down that path going 34 mph, but I will take what I can get. You can walk around and visit the horses afterward and some weekends, they have horse shows you can catch, too. Note - Regular prices are $25 each but if you are a member of Living Social, Groupon, etc., you can get two rides for $25
5	I bought a groupon for a trail ride and had the best time. It was my first time horseback riding and they were so helpful. There were even some young boys that went and the guides made sure they were right near them incase they had any problems. This is definately great for kids birthday parties. I actually saw one going on. They had pony rides and were pulling the kids in what was some what of a train.
1	If you're there for real horseback riding lessons, it's not a good place. At least not the "Western" style lessons I was taking. For 4 weeks, I learned how to steer left and right... Everyone is very nice but it's not a place to really excel, it's good for kids to learn slowly. I'd look elsewhere if you're wanting to gain skill. You're basically going in circles or on a slow trail ride...
4	Friendly staff, beautiful horses, and excellent facilities: a perfect recipe for a serene trail ride through the woods. Go with your significant other or bring your kids and enjoy the ride. Note that, if you have young children, they will need to pass a short riding test to participate.I've been so impressed that I might even try a few private lessons to improve my horse riding skills.
4	yeeeehawww!!  I'm a cowgirl!  I OWNED that horse!  I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Latta.  It is a small itty bitty peak into the wild wild west!  We reserved our spot for a "private" tour a few weeks in advance.  I wasn't really thinking when I agreed to the 1pm slot...it was scorching hot !!  No wonder it was available.  But, it really didn't matter because most of the ride was through the woods and nicely shaded.  We wanted the private tour because we were told you get to run the horses which we thought would be awesome and it was!!  They have about 60 horses and I can't even remember how much acreage.  We saw people hiking, eating, walking throughout our journey.  I wouldn't say the views were spectacular but keeping in focus that we were in Huntersville, the woodsy areas were very peaceful and the greenery was something to behold.  Our "tour" guide was a chatterbox but other than that we enjoyed the 1 1/2 adventure.  My horse didn't have much stamina so while I did get to experience riding a horse while it was running...it was short lived.  Hey, there should be a discount if you get stuck with a lazy horse!  I got screwed!  The people in the "office" are not friendly and didn't have the same joy we had.  I guess they are just used to the whole "horse thing."  Whatever!This is a great place for kids or to take visitors that want a little taste of country.  As our tourguide said..."you can saddle up for the day then take your guests to Coyote Joes for some country line dancing to complete the evening."
1	They have children, 12 and 13 year old children running this place without adult supervision. One of the horses tried to bite my baby and I blocked my son and he bit me. There was no adult on the grounds to attend to the situation and the one adult in the office up front could really care less. He acted as if it was no big deal. Maybe it happens often. But I had to go to the hospital and take antibiotics for 10 days. I am just grateful the horse didn't bite my 1 year old. I sent a letter to the owners to inform them and they could care less as well. I will never step foot at that place again and neither should you, it's not safe!
