5	I have lived in many locations all over the valley, but my stay at Azul apartments has been my best ever. The management team here is helpful and nice. The community is clean and pet friendly. They have just added DIRECTV dishes on the tops of all their buildings - they have flat screens in their pool area and just yesterday I used the bathrooms in the pool area for the first time, oh my goodness, they were wonderful!! The prices for these apartments are fair and I would recommend this Mark-Taylor facility to whom ever was looking for a safe, clean, fun location.
1	Absolutely horrible. Management unresponsive.  Maintenance is a joke. Slapped us with ridiculous charges. They will reel you in with their great $99 deposit.  Then they'll ask for a surety bond which means kiss-it-goodbye bond. Then they'll charge you for ridiculous FALSE items when you leave.  No reaction from corporate; no pictures or evidence.  They don't change locks when you leave; they don't change carpets.
2	I'm not sure if I lived at the same place as these last two reviews.  This place is tacky. Plan on being charged for carpet when you leave if you have pets.
4	I lived here from June 2010-June 2011 and I absolutely loved these apartments.( I actually forgot the address and needed it for an application that wants my addresses for the past five years and that's how I stumbled upon the reviews). I was originally drawn to them because a friend had previously lived there and I loved her apartment. Anyways, when we were apartment searching, we had a pretty low budget but we knew what area we wanted to live in. We visited surrounding apartments and were pretty bummed about how little our money would get us. I convinced my then boyfriend to just check out Azul at Spectrum and cross our fingers that they're running a special. He had no hopes that my plan would work, but he humored me anyways and we went. When we arrived, we were greeted by a really nice lady who immediately offered to take us on a tour. We talked price and we were so happy to find out that they were in fact running a special and it was in our budget! I placed a deposit the next day and we moved in two months later. A few months into our lease, we got a husky puppy (which is allowed with a deposit and monthly fee) and he loved the little dog park they have. It was good that he got to socialize but I highly recommend you do not get a husky in an apartment. We lived on the second floor right next to the pool. I LOVED going to the jacuzzi while my bf grilled. It was awesome. When it was a month prior to our lease ending we got a notice saying that we needed to let them know if we were staying or not. If we were going to stay, our rent would have increased over $150 a month because they were "at over 90% capacity". I loved living there, but not enough to pay an extra $150. Luckily, I was in the midst of purchasing a house, so I gave my notice. When we moved out, we left the apartment with a hole in the carpet (kenneled husky dug through the plastic bottom and through the carpet down to the concrete) and a stench of a kennel. At that point I was so glad I was moving out of there. It is pretty much impossible to expect a dog to hold it in for 10+ hours (we worked a lot). I ended up not getting my deposit back (rightly so) and having to dish out $900 to repair the carpet. That sounded a little high to me, but I paid it. Luckily they set me up on a payment plan since I didn't have that type of money after closing on a house.  P.S. - my husky now has a HUGE grass yard, a dog door, and is spoiled rotten ;)
4	Azul is pretty cool. It is my first apartment since moving to Arizona from Pittsburgh a year ago. I have been living there since May and I really can't complain.My apt was really clean and looked new when I moved in. I don't have any issues with my neighbors and rarely hear anything. The staff is pretty nice too, and my maintenance requests are always handled within 24-28 hours. I don't really like the pool, and I think rent is kind of pricey. Other than that, Azul is great!
1	I wish I had read the reviews on this place before we moved in. Their gross negligence caused some our items to be stolen when the Maintenece man did a "pre inspection" and left the back door unlocked. Management acted like they cared and we're going to work with us on how to get it resolved and then we never heard from them. And now we are being charged 1500 dollars upon move out for things they said they did. We're waiting on proof but I'm not hopeful we'll ever see it. This is a great place to live if you love to be scammed and treated like their personal atm. If you are a normal renter without unlimited funds I recommend choosing another apartment company to rent from. These people are glorified thieves that hide behind vague contracts and empty promises.
