5	My co-worker used to talk about making tacos, and I asked him what kind of meat he used, and he said get "Ranchera" from Mariana's at the meat counter. Ranchera-marinated steak was soo good.  It was $10 for two big pieces. He was right, that's the meat to get.
2	The concept is great. Cheap groceries. A good selection of produce. Slam dunk right? Sadly, for me, it isn't.This location is small (I havent been to others) and with everyone pushing around shopping carts, there is no room to walk around and grab the produce or items I need.The prices are great, but the quality of the produce isn't the best. It's always hit or miss. A good example...Each morning, I squeeze myself a glass of orange juice from the market. Mariana's tends to be a tad cheaper than the ones at Food 4 Less, but the Mariana's oranges look like they are the red-headed step child of beautiful navel oranges. Bumpy, and they look abnormally large. I don't want steroids in my fruit or my baseball players. I don't even know if you can roid up fruit, but these oranges do NOT look natural.I'll pay a buck more for piece of mind. Oh yeah, and Food 4 Less is across the street.
4	Stopped by there to pick up some carbe asada for a party this week end.  This place was packed.  It even has a restaurant inside.  I got a bag of limes for $79.  It had 15 limes in it.  I have been buying limes at smiths for 50 cents for years!!!Anyway - I went by the meat counter for the carne asada...and I was distracted by the huge beef tongues!!  Skipped the tobue this trip and stayed with my original plan for the carne asada.If you are going to grill mexican style you must get the carne asada and pollo asada here.  OOps almost forgot - they make fresh tortillas here.  The guys are in the back making them and putting them on the counter!
4	In my last review of Mariana's, I was a bit critical of the overcrowding, the horrible looking oranges, and the small location.The size of the store is nothing I can control. BUT, I have been back here several times and my experiences have been a bit better. The oranges have consistently been fantastic and the pricing has been very competitive. Although I have to be careful about which oranges go in my bag, I'm noticing that the quality of the product has increased significantly over the past few months.Also, their fresh bakery is quite good. Cookies, breads and such tend to be full of flavor, and taste like they just came out of the oven. Worth checking out.One big thing that I overlooked last time. The bathrooms. Legit. You'd think for an ethnic market that the bathrooms would be sub-par, but this is not the case at this particular Mariana's. Don't feel like you have to hold it. It's safe here.
3	We ate at the little diner inside Mariana's on the suggestion of a friend.  The food itself was OK.  We had the taqiza family combo- 10 tacos, beans, rice, and salsa for $15.99.  The price was great, but the food was just ok.  The beef was overcooked and dry.  The rice was alright, and the beans were actually pretty good.The diner itself was super crowded and it was hard to hear, and as a result, hard to order. I will give Mariana's a second try and let you know it goes!
2	It LOOKED decent of a place to shop. Unfortunately, we went went today on a Sunday afternoon and the word to describe it is clusterfuck city. We have to shop on a weekend because it's our only time together to do so. Nothing the BF can't stand than a crowd of inconsiderate shoppers- blocking your way, standing in the middle of the aisle having a conversation, etc, etc.. Other than Wal-Mart, Mexican groceries are notorious for it. I grew up in Cali and I only found Cardenas market by my moms to be pleasant because it was huge enough for everyone to be the village idiot. This place however is not with very narrow aisles not good enough to let two carts go through comfortably. I started at produce and couldn't even get through to look around....I wanted certain things that I can only get at a Mexican market- spices, certain kinds of hot sauces, etc. and I heard the bakery tres leches was decent. I guess I have to keep on living without it. I know that the market can't quite control the crowd, but when you get that busy and want to stock that much product- please do what SF market did and get a bigger place.  We came in, and after 5 minutes I had to leave and went to Super SF Market to do a Asian based week instead.
4	We came in here after dinner at Mt. Everest, right in front of the supermarket.  I thought I'd died and been reincarnated in Mexico, a country that was my second home for many years!  Pinatas hanging, the aguas frescas, Mexican limes, the bakery selling the pastries I used to buy, and best of all - GOYA!  I didn't think any store in Vegas sold Goya products (even though they're not Mexican).We didn't come here to shop, merely to help walk off all the food we'd consumed, but I couldn't resist buying some beautiful plum tomatoes at a really cheap price.  It was too late at night to savor the real Mariana's - the agua fresca jars were all empty and clean, the prepared food was long gone.  Still, we got a sampling of the flavor of the store, without the crowds and annoyance.  The store could be brighter (maybe it is during the day), and look a little cleaner, but I know I will definitely be back.
3	I want to like this place, I really do, but I can't stand behind it. The food doesn't seem to be in any really solid order, the lines are always long, parking is a headache, and prices are not as low as it they want you to think they are. Drive a little bit more and hit up the Von's or Trader Joe's that aren't too far away.
4	this place would get 3 stars if not for there prices being pretty good. the place could use a good cleaning and it does seem chaotic at times. there bollios? are really awesome though :)overall good grocery store, i would choose cardenas and food4less over them but still better than albertsons, vons, and smiths so cant complain.
3	Nice little market. Relatively organized, albeit pretty tight quarters. I spent most of my time trying to get out of people's way or maneuvering around other shoppers. I wish the aisles were a bit wider and not so filled to capacity. Otherwise, It's a great place to get all your favorite Mexican grocery items. I always have a hard time staying away from the pan dulce, as well as the food court area. They have lots of great items to purchase at great prices. I always stock up on fresh salsas, fruits, veggies and meat at great prices.
4	I come here when I want chips, salsa and guacamole. It's cheap for the chips and salsa - less so for the guacamole but it's fairly good stuff. Smooth and spicy. The made in house chips are low in salt, but I'm fairly sure the nutritional info lowballs the fat and calories.The absolute best thing I've ever eaten from here is their cantaloupe agua fresca. They don't always serve this fresh juice served with chunks of melon, but when they do, a quart is a steal for $3.99.
4	While on vacation was told by the locals about this place for Menudo for breakfast it is a supermarket (mercado) with a bakery and food court ( take-out or sitting in). IF they only made homemade tortillas it would of received a 5 star worth going to. The have aqua fresca's the real homemade taste.  They even make fresh carrot juice. Very Clean. WAS NOT disappointed going to a supermarket instead of a restaurant.t
4	I shop here mainly for produce because the price is right and the produce is fresh and they have a wide variety of items. I dont know why anyone would buy Produce anywhere else. I'm always amazed at the quantity I get for the money and always say to the cashier "That would be triple the price at Albertsons & double at Smiths" And as a bonus they make their own Tortilla Chips and they are way better and fresher than any Name Brand chips like Tostitos or anything else.
4	If ever in need for anything mexican produce, butcher, bakery, or just hunger they have food court fill your every needs. I usually don't stop by here too often because out of the way but every once in while not about the drive but getting your fix on. I had one of those days. I really wanting some salsa roja. It little bit different style then use too from them but still got nice little kick and depth of flavor tasty. I like that little section fresh salsas, and guacamole they made in house everyday. The produce section like because carry some things that don't see in chain stores. The prices are very reasonable especially for the basics potatoes, limes, etc. Butcher shop section is one that usually fascinated with because half the stuff have no idea what it is. It looks nice fresh cuts of meats.The bakery that one area brings smile too day smelling all the fresh mexican breads bake daily. I no expert on mexican or can tell the difference from that too regular bread. I enjoy good bread and Mariana not matter one you order good bread. The food court admit never order anything from but one day make point too check it out. The aisles they pretty tight not really made for two carts at the same time. It gets packed (not good idea get salsa roja fix on christmas eve DOOH) the place is mad house. I enjoy Mariana wish it was closer but always go back for my salsa fix and need anything whip up authentic mexican.
3	Went there on Friday for menudo but it tasted horrible.  It usually tastes good on the weekend, so not sure if I got an old batch or what.   I am going to try again on the weekend and hopefully it will taste better.
4	Glamorous supermarket, I think not. This is the shopping for the hardcore grocery shoppers. You will find your exotics here. The spice selection is a dream for any home chef. And the prices, oh what a bargain!!The produce "actually" is organic and NO they cannot afford the shiny organic label. SO just know you are supporting local farms in California and Mexico. The size of the fruits are actually the size of what they're supposed to be. And, boy-oh-boy is this a vegetable and fruit selection. Yes sometimes it feels like your shopping in an outdoor village market in a third world country, with the long lines.  And yes this is the butcher where you actually see all the animal parts (no wasting here). And not to mention all the people fighting for that unbruised fruit or veggie. But it gives you a feeling of reality.No everything is not perfectly aligned like the monster marketing genious of organic grocery store, Whole Foods. But this selection is immense, unique and cheap! I do suggest a smartphone assistant whilst shopping here as I'm sure you will run into product you've never seen before but you'll definitely be curious about.And if you have a sweet tooth, their bakery dept will definitely satisfy it.Hell $160 at Whole food equals 3 bags of grocery. $100 at Marianas equals ten bags. So avoid the weekends with the entire family shopping there, and prepare yourself for a grocery experience that's not perfection. But at least let yourself see what grocery shopping used to look like before the elite decided it was important to have the right lighting and colors in a grocery store.
5	Here's the best kept secret.  This is neither an understatement nor an exaggeration.  The best rice and beans and tamales combo plate you'll ever have.  And I can drink that GREEN SALSA or at least douse it on everything.  It's fast food that's authentic and worth every calorie.  Not guilty at all!
1	Food is over priced, the majority of the produce was growing mold,  the customer service was awful.  Everyone was rude or giving me and my husband dirty looks with the exception of 3 people in the store and to top it all off when it was our time to have our groceries rung up the cashier literally walked away and took about 10 minutes to come back.   Never again!
