5	its only because more people need to find out about yelp that bily kun hasnt been reviewed yet.  this bar is damn cool.  like maybe youll find yourself in the midst of a raid and have to fly out the back door (if there was one).  like you might come up to the long tall black wood and brass bar and the bartender might say "whatll it be friend" (although thatd all happen in french).  like from some back room a dark heavy silhouette named vito corleone might tell you to join him for a plate of linguini and clams (for the last meal of your life).Bily Kun, is just like that.  its literally old in design with a huge tall bar,  checkered tiles on the floor but adorned and brought into our century with strange things like ostrich heads hanging on the wall.  real ones.  like a good ten of them.   They also have a large wall near the back where they tend to feature one large piece of artwork for the year.when its busy, its damn busy and can actually be a little too noisy at times, but on a hot summer day, with the lights turned low and the front garage door rolled up to let the live jazz music pour out onto the street, its very sexy.ive enjoyed several micro brewery beers there - perhaps they might be more standard in montreal, but not so much elsewhere in toronto so its a nice treat.  i always get the cheval blanc.
5	Definitely the best bar by far in Montreal.Came here quite a few years ago to meet a friend.Early, it can be a great place for a nice pint or two while hanging out doing some writing. Later, it can get very boisterous.  Mostly French is spoken here, but don't let that hold you back.Great beers-including my fave-St. Ambroise Oatmeal Stout!  MMMM...nice and dark to match the interior of this seductive bar.
4	Yep, I like it.I walk by this place every day on my way home from work. People inside look warm and happy. So finally this week I stepped in to see what Bily Kun was all about.Table at the window, good tunes playing though a little loud for a Monday night chat. Nice dim lighting, a long bar and a little lounge area near the back. The place is spacious which makes every table it's own little room. Lovely beverages (extra olives to fish for at the bottom of a martini) at peak price. Didn't try any snacks but for a neighborhood spot perfect for a 5 @ 7 I'll be back for sure.
4	I went there, my friends and I came from a boring place and were trying bars and we arrived at this place.  On the Plateau Mont-Royal a casual, hip clients goes there. There's a waiter service that's alert and friendly. Czech beer, nice Absynth. If you never tried Absynth I suggest you this place, the waitress did the whole ritual for me. Overall great choices of beer, alcool and not that expensive.
4	This is a great bar.  The lighting and live dj give it a nice atmosphere.  We came here at about 10 pm on a Friday night, and this place can get pretty crowded.  But there were seats available.  We were from out of town, and it was great to go to a bar filled with locals.My girlfriend's cocktail wasn't amazing, but we only stayed for one drink.  My pilsner was good.One last thing: there are ostrich heads on the wall.  I think that's very important that you know that.  I counted at least 7.  Ostrich heads.  On the wall.
3	Bar Bily Kun is an OK place, though more for the crowd that regards cigarette smoking as an intellectual pursuit.  If you prefer "hibiscus beer" to Molson Ex, you'll like it a lot more than I did.  I'm giving an extra star for two things that made my visit great.  One, a homeless guy systematically bummed nearly an entire pack of Export As off of an aging long-hair who was, apparently, eager to impress his companion by his spirit of generosity.  The entire transaction took about 11 minutes and raised my hopes that I'd do well in Montreal should beggary ever become my lot.  Second, the waitress was filled with the de Gaullist spirit, and resolutely ignored my butcher French malapropisms.
4	Come here to see and be seen.  Swung by for a few rounds of tequila shots and was impressed by a quick bar staff and cute patrons.I did notice that there were a few couples that appeared to be attempting a date-night.  Based off volume and density- I would not recommend bringing a date here.
4	A really laid back, chill kind of bar geared towards 30-somethings, not full of obnoxious younger 20-somethings and frat boys who can't hold their liquor, they have their own places to go to, thank God.Mostly professionals and artisitc types here, this is also one of the few places in Montreal that serves absinthe. I've seen the likes of French fashion designer legend Jean-Paul Gaultier here from time to time. The kind of place people like that can come to and no one even raises an eyebrow. Great drinks, great decor, great attitude, Bily Kun is a great Montreal spot.
4	All great places have the heads of endangered animals on their walls.In this case it's Ostriches.  It's been a safe bet for years.   The Czech-themed bar is run exceptionally well.   Always busy, but never obnoxiously packed.You're not going to win any creativity awards coming here.  But all will be happy.    Hipster Cred Bonus.  They have the original Czech budweiser.
4	Becherovka is my favorite alcohol, it is quite incredible to find it here in Montreal, so far away from slovakia ! (and the mojito-becherovka is incredible)
5	It's dark, ostrich heads poke out of the walls, and crazy beers you can't pronounce  - what's not to love about a Czech bar? Added bonuses: random live music from 6 til 8 five out of seven days a week, absinth, and I once saw a man with a canvas in his lap painting his self portrait in the corner.
4	This is a suave & sophisticated watering hole, which even on a windy & rainy Sunday night had a nice-sized crowd in attendance.  The lights are dim, and the beer & wine menu is interesting & eclectic.  Even though the crowd trends younger, it is still a good "adult" place to go for a drink and a chill out.
4	If you have a fetish for ostrich heads, I've found your bar! The location is great. The alcohol list is extensive. It's full almost every night of the week. And last but not least, the decor is very cool. If you happen to be on a blind date, and you're running out of things to say, you can always look up at the walls and comments on the 15th ostrich heads mounted all around the place. It should buy you another 10 minutes, but after that you're on your own;)
4	Bily Kun - why ostrich heads? It is very possible that any other animal head peering down at you from above while you consume your delightful drink of choice would cause an entirely different feeling. Cow heads? Pig heads? No. No. Thankfully, the bar is dark and there are other things to attract your attention. Such as the young and old milling around, the drink in your hand, and the live music that you may have been lucky enough to catch before it abruptly ends. This Czech bar is a local hit and you will rarely find it on a slow night. The cocktail list is pretty unique, with booze from Holland, Mexico, Poland, and of course the Czech Republic. The next time I return to Bily Kun, I may just try something a little more adventurous than my blonde beer. Maybe some absinthe, or a fernet and tonic? It's sure to be a tough decision, but lucky for me, I have seven ostrich friends to help me decide.
5	One of the best bars in Montreal ! Check out the ostrich heads !
4	I'M very much in like of this place. Our first stop on our self created bar crawl. We ordered sangria and chatted while the dj spun a mix of house and hip hop. This is def a date place its cozy vibe and low lights scream take me home when we leave here. I would recommend coming here with someone you can sit very close to and want to look at under flickering candles before you see them naked. We didn't order food or any other drinks but they seemed to have the standards and a really nice wine and beer list. This place is def for locals. We didn't have any issues grabbing a table but apparently this place gets packed so i would suggest coming before 12am.
1	I missed this place on my last visit and figured I'd try it out last night. We were looking for some great cocktails, good music and nice vibe.  The place was pretty crowded ( which i don't mind) and the drinks were a big disappointment. As a rule, I avoid bars that attach those electronic things to measure an exact shot. The mixers were extremely artificial which made the drinks taste super sweet. The D.J. was extremely loud, I guess he was mixing live but it was hard to tell because the music felt like riding in a 18 year old's car with a trunk full of subwoofers with loose windows. The Ostrich heads on the walls seem like the big attraction. I'd prefer good drinks and music.
5	Very nice bar, the crowd is observed by curious ostrich heads.  Long list of beers and plum brandy to warm up. :)
4	We stumbled on this place after taking the bus down from Mont Royal on a Friday afternoon.The beer menu was very broad, the service was excellent, and the front window had been rolled back to let the warm air in on a very nice late September afternoon. It was a very pleasant stop.  Obviously full of colorful locals.  I know that we were not in the USA but didn't sense that this would be Red State if it were below the border....
4	My brother and I visited Bily Kun during a recent long weekend in Montreal. We took the Metro to the Mont Royal stop and it dropped us off right near the place. It was a very cool spot, crowded with locals. We probably stood out like sore thumbs but the bartender was very welcoming and even came around the bar and did a shot with us , of what he explained was some sort of  Czech cinammon schnapps. We also indulged in a 20 oz. Tchech-bec. A beer that he explained is only available at Bily Kun. It is brewed in Czech, dehydrated, shipped to Montreal and then re-hydrated with local Quebec spring water. Delicious ! Take the trip and enjoy the atmosphere at Bily Kun !
5	this place got awesome vibe to it... always happening.. lotsa different beers.. decent finger food... piano playing on the weekends i think.. also a lot of people do not know.. but they have live bands playing upstairs sometimes.. GO.. You will love it!!
5	Self and boyfriend stumbled upon this super cool bar .... and stumbled out I might add. The atmosphere was great - so chilled. Actually, the owner was at the doorway when we were poking our heads in and sold us on the notation that it was a tavern. And he was right. We loved it.Staff are uber friendly - our female server was so knowledgeable on Czech beers and liquors ... in fact we thought she must be Czech but she's a lovely local gal. My boyfriend is a Becherovka fan so he downed several. I tried and liked it, way too easy to knock back so I moved onto a recommendation from our server of Czech beer.We were there midweek - having been unable to return to NY due to Hurricane Sandy. What a bummer to have to stay in Montreal ..... NOT!! Mr Piano Man and Mr  Bass Man were strutting their stuff in the background, nice addition. The bar at 9pm was very busy and the noise level was fine. We sat at the back in comfy couches. Should you pay a visit when in Montreal ..... absolutely!  Not to be missed.
4	Fun, Montreal staple. Go!
4	I went to this bar twice in the past 2 months and I like it a lot. It is very popular so you might have trouble finding a spot, but by getting there early, you should be fine. Drinks are good and their prices are average. I had the pita and humus plate and it was good. But when you go out for a drink with a few friends, the atmosphere is what matters most, and this is why I'll go back there again. It can be a bit noisy but not terribly. There was live music last time and it was really nice. Waiters and waitresses are nice. What I prefer is the decor: both classic and vintage. The crowd includes mostly people in their 30's. Anyway, it's a classic on the Plateau, so you should check it out at least once!
2	A little too loud? A little too dark?Service was slow... Until the 2nd waitress started her shift..I just want a beer, a pre dinner drink?! The place kind of empty.. and still so hard to get a beer or 2? Maybe I should just fetch my own drink and ask my Yelp friend to tip me.Ostrich heads lining up the wall kind of neat... wondering where I can get some ostrich wings? Great to take your date here because you cannot really hear each other and everyone looks better in the dark....
4	Cool place.Dim lighting, unique cocktails, ostrich heads. Great place to go if you've just started to date someone and need a few cocktails and sexy ambiance to get him/her to want to jump you. Very loud though, so not the ideal place for having an actual conversation. But hey, that gets you to lean in closer, right?
4	This is an awesome bar near Salon Doame (only dance club in the Mont Royal neighborhood). GQ Magazine named it one of the top bars in the world for the beautiful crowds. It has a high reputation for quality. The decor and ambiance is just dope. It serves great beers, including a few famous Czech ones, and it's a place where you can find some attractive people. The atmosphere is dark and intimate. There's also a nice patio directly in front of the bar which allows you to people watch in a strip off one of the more heavily trafficked streets in the city.  The bartenders are true mixologists as well.  This is a great place to bring a date or hang out with a group of friends. This is my favorite bar for beer in Montreal.
4	It's a good address! The only problem this places has is the music that's too loud! Other than that they have some really good price. They rang in between the prices range that are current in Montreal, but they have a really good stout! Perfect place to go to with 3-4 friends after a long day of work. It's the sort of place where you could spend 2,3, 4 hours + without noticing it.
5	This Czech bar has a great atmosphere and authentic drinks.  The staff was friendly and we could tell it was the place to go for people in the neighborhood. It's just a short walk from the Metro.
4	Really cool bar in Montreal. This was a convenient day-stop for a fresh pilsner. We loved the ostriches on the wall, and asked the bartender what the story was. He said there was no story, the owner lived next to an ostrich farm and.... he proceeded to tell us about the owner and the ostriches for 10 minutes. Sounds like a story to me! :) Returned at night to a huge crowd, apparently we're not the only ones who loved this bar.
3	Few things: --One of the only places in the St. Denis area that was packed on a cold Sunday night. --The ostriches on the wall are kinda creepy, in the very best way possible! --The only real drawback, as previous reviewers have mentioned, is that the music is way too loud. Having a conversation was difficult, as was ordering.--Try the mojito, it's yum.
3	The place is nice, but the service can be very slow. I didn't really care about the not so good service until the moment I was waiting near the door for my friends to put their coats on and a guy told us we either wait inside or outside but not near the door, in a very rude tone! Seriously?!!
4	This is a great bar in the Plateau with a cosy and relaxed ambiance.  They have an extensive list of beers as well as the usual drinks for bars (wine, cocktails, etc).  I also found the prices very reasonable given the area.   They do have some finger food but I didn't try any so I don't have any comments on that front. My one complaint is that the music is too loud.   We were forced to scream at each other to have any kind of conversation.  Apart from that though I really enjoyed my experience here and would go back again.
4	Seven taxidermied ostrich heads, with full ostrich necks, hung like hunting trophies and protruding proudly along the longest wall. Where does one even hunt ostrich? Anyway, there was a live band (which I couldn't see) doing a variety of numbers, from old country & blues to Elvis songs. Sweet. Later in the evening, the music turned into standard club music. Overall, pretty loud, like you'd expect in a crowded, semi-trendy bar on a Friday night. I was hungry after my lychee martinis, so thank all my stars and garters, they had nachos, super hot, at the ready. Good service, seating and reasonable drink prices. About $8 or $9 for a cocktail, which I consider pretty decent. HUGE drink menu! When you're feeling clubby, this is a sure bet, for the whole evening. No bar-hopping required.
5	Great location, attentive bar tenders, excellent ambiance. Romantic with the dark room and candle lights and quirky with the mounted taxidermy ostriches. Great music selection. The server put down my lychee martini and with a huge smile, named the drink and said, "smell it!" Freaking adorable :-) Drinks are delicious! We ordered olives and they serve pickles with it. Perfect accompaniment to our drinks :-)
