3	So now Scottsdale can be added to the list of the McCormick and Schmicks locations!This is a great place to go if you like good fresh seafood at decent prices.   They have a large selection of all types of fish to a few different types of oysters (yumm). The atmosphere at this location is ok. We went on a Wednesday night and it appeared to be "senior" night as everyone looked around the age of 60 or above. It kinda has that "antiquey" and family feel to it. Totally different from the atmosphere of ThaiFoon, the restaurant that occupied that space previously. I had the "mixed grill". Salmon, sea bass, crab cake and risotto. The Salmon was really good and actually REAL wild Alaskan Salmon, the best! I didn't care for the sea bass much, but I am not a huge fan of sea bass anyways. The crab cake was good and the risotto tasted good but was way too dry to be a risotto (it appeared that it had been made hours ago, but the taste was still yummy). My "Brazilian lover" had one type of their halibut which he completely devoured. Surprisingly they make really good margaritas there! I didn't think margaritas and fish would go that well together but they do and I think a little margarita makes everything taste better anyways! I actually want to give this 3.5 stars just because the prices seem to be good for the quality of the food. I will be back but probably not on a regular basis, the atmosphere needs a little work.
2	OK, this was their pre-opening run and we did get free lunch, buuut, I've definitely had better seafood and the the interior and exterior decorating is so boring, I thought I was in Sun City. I chose the Talapia, which I normally don't care for, but I figured since I was at an expensive seafood joint in N. Scottsdale, they would change my mind. Nope, ew, gross and our waitress, was a bimbo.Pretty disappointed, thank god we didn't pay the $179 they would have charged us for lunch. That's with iced tea, no lunch martinis available that day.
3	I'd been to M & S for a free industry function a month or so back, and liked it alot. So I took my date out last weekend for a real sit down dinner and fine wine, and it was mostly good.I thought the wine and food were fine, the booth was a good spot. Food was great, from the warm bread and garlicky sauce thing my date ordered, to my seafood platter and her fish dish.Only sore point for me was that our waiter seemed a bit behind on things - I found myself being a little impatient on this night, and found the service and waiting for food a little long. But my date thought it was relaxed and fine, and I should just slow down a bit. (Yeah, one day, when I'm 75 or somethin...)And yeah, I'll go back again.
4	I don't know about the rest of the menu, but their happy hour food is just an awesome deal.  I was there for the reverse happy hour (9pm-close).  So after an evening of working through dinner, I got the blacken fish taco plate which came with 2 substantial fish tacos, rice and black beans for just $4.95, that's cheaper my usual late night tacqueria and much tastier too!  Next time I'll be going for the $1.95 burger with fries.Simple comfort food done well and at a great price...what more do you need?
2	Not Impressed at all! Had it not been for the gift card I had I probably would have never went here and after this visit I doubt I'll return. I'll just cut to the chase, they say they have fresh fish and seafood, well if those coconut shrimp I ordered were "Fresh" Then I'm the Gorton's Fisherman! I'm sorry but those were sadly frozen Sea-Pak (see pics) the sauce and mango salsa were atrocious. My Salmon Club sandwich was OK (see pics) but the gunk in the center of the plate was a very poor excuse for some sort of salad, think cafeteria salad bar.The Cheeseburger my daughter ordered arrived well done even though she ordered it medium. She says it was ok but far from the best she's had.From the looks of the restaurant I expected Much Better quality of food.Oh Well, at least I know where not to spend my money.
5	LUUUUV this place. Happy hour is great...servers are great!! I have frequented both locations and never had a problem. No, it may not be a "new, fun, hip place" but it is a nice/casual place. I have gotten the coconut shrimp and I thought it was great...it comes with this super yummy orange marmalade sauce...not sure what happened with the other Yelper. I always see more than one manager walking around and I'm sure if there was an issue they'd be quick to fix it.
3	So my twin and I wanted to go see a movie last night, and we wanted to see Nine. It was playing at the Esplanade, and so I suggested we grab dinner at McCormick and Shmick's. I'd figured it would be a safe choice...not SO much. First, I have a bone to pick about the restaurant set up. I had to walk through the kitchen essentially to get to my table. This could work in a smaller venue, but I dont think it works well for a large, busy restaurant. Especially when you need to use the loo and you must walk through the kitchen to get to it. Eep! That, and since you are walking through the kitchen, you have to announce your presence so that a server/expediter/cook doesn't back into you with anything. Anyhow...my twin and I ordered escargot and oysters as appetizers, which arrived promptly and were completely delish. A+. We were refraining from drinking alcohol for specific reasons, and so, I was a bit taken when the waiter looked at me and asked me if he could bring me "something with alcohol". No sir, if I want alcohol, ill order it. After the appetizers, we had the heirloom tomato mozz salad, and a roasted beet salad. Both phenominal and I highly recommend them. The chef used a basil infused oil on the roasted beet salad, and it was like a drizzle of heaven i swear. So now im waiting on the main course...20minutes passes...40minutes passes...I have now missed the movie I was planning to see. Alas, I use the moviefone app and find another movie and time to attend. The waiter comes by, twice. The first time he states "Your food is coming up RIGHT now". 15 minutes after that he comes by and says "okay so there was a mistake, and i practically got in a fight with the manager about it. It'll be out shortly". Really? A mistake? We ordered the Swordfish and the Filet, as described on the menu with no alterations. How do you mess that up? Really, as the customer, what can you do? So. We waited. We got our food, and I felt okay about the wait after taking the first bite. My goodness! My filet was done to perfection, with a cabernet sauce that was to die for. My twin stated that her Swordfish with the southwest pesto was definately something to write home about. I now felt significantly less cranky about the experience :)To end the evening, the waiter gave us free dessert. I had the tuxedo cake, and my twin had some sort of fruity-heavenly-cobbler. The tuxedo cake was absolutely scrumptious and chocolatey without being heavy. I loved it. Every second. Overall, we had a few bumps in the road...but when it was good, it was gooooood.
3	I met my dad here for happy hour last week.  We were intrigued by the food menu that they offered and eagerly ordered some fresh oysters ($1 each), Calamari, Blackened Fish Tacos and the burger.  The oysters were very fresh, and really good in size, we were quite happy with these.  The Calamari was good, but it was pretty heavily breaded, not our favorite, but decent.  My dad had asked for his burger to be cooked medium-rare....it was served medium-well.  I love fish tacos, but when they came out, I thought they looked a bit funny....well, it is because they had made them with salmon.  Well, I HATE salmon, it is the one fish that I just can't stand.  I looked at the menu again and noticed that it didn't indicate what kind of fish they were made with, so I figured it was maybe my fault for not asking, but I just always think of fish tacos as being made with a white fish.  When the waitress came by I asked her if they were always made with salmon, her response, it changes daily.  Translation: whatever fish is about to go bad is what will be used!  I had her take them back and she kindly took them off the bill.The value for the food was decent, but the same cannot be said for the drinks.  A vodka collins was $7 and a glass of wine $14....60% of our bill was just the alcohol!I may be willing to try this place again for HH, but it will have to be on a day that I am not in the mood to drink!
4	Two Words for you...Happy Hour!!!! Now i don't drink but with the purchase of any beverage for 3.95 you will receive some great low price food options. Folks i really mean low price how does 1.95 to 5.95 sound to you. My wife and I visited there on Feb 24th for her birthday and i must say we were not disappointed. My wife had the Calamari, and Catfish fingers, i had the Blackened Fish Tacos which are made with fresh salmon. The food was very well prepared, and the service was great. My wife had a couple of drinks and i think our bill all total with the tip was about 25.00 bucks. If you want a nice place with that special someone go here for happy hour.
5	Happy hour, fresh squeezed lemonade martini's yes! I love it here they have 2 happy hours one at the usual time and one from 9pm-11pm who doesn't love that. The regular menu is great too but come on a  jumbo awesome gourmet Angus cheeseburger and fries for $2.95 with a 2 drink ($3.50) minimum. If loving this is wrong I don't want to be right.
3	Service was very good, bartender was very friendly.  Food was good - not great, but very good.  A bit pricey in my opinion compared to other similar restaurants.  Like others, we had a gift card that we used, otherwise I would stick to lunch or happy hour...dinner prices don't match the overall experience.
2	THIS IS FOR HAPPY HOUR ONLY...McCormick's is a sold chian seafood restaurant.  I've dined here for full dinner several times and the food is typically well prepared, if unimaginative.Happy Hour runs Monday through Friday until 6:30pm with drink and food specials in the bar and front section of the restaurant.  We arrived at 6pm on a Fridayy night, and it was standing room only in the bar, but we were able to grab one of the "happy hour" tables in the main dining room.  There are about a dozen items on the HH food menu, including a $2.95 half pound cheeseburger.  Prices range from $1.95 to $4.95.We ordered fish tacos ($1.95 for 2), ceviche ($1.95), cheeseburger sliders ($4.95 for 3), sweet potato fries ($3.95), Ahi tostadas ($4.95), and steamed mussles ($2.95).  The fish tacos were two dry corn tortillas with one piece of blackened fish in each.  There was cabbage and tomato on the plate which we put on top.  They weren't terrible.  The ceviche has a thick tomato base and tasted more like ketchup than anything.  Mussels were stringy and chewy.  They looked dried out despite being cooked in a white wine broth.  The sliders were GREAT.  Soft rolls, grilled onions, cooked medium.  The Ahi Tostadas were also great; three peices of seared Ahi on fried wonton wrappers topped with purple cabbage and a sesame dressing.  Sweet potato friens are sweet potato fries.  They were hot, crispy and plentiful.There were no liquor specials listed on the happy hour menu, only beer and wine specials.  I had a $5 champagne cocktail and hubby ordered a $4.50 beer.Next time, I think we'll stick with the things they seemed to do well, which are also the more expensive offerings.  The service was smooth and attentive.  The atmosphere is not high energy or exciting.  This is a place to eat and go, not to hang out and people watch or chat.
5	i love this place we need one in tucson!
4	Nice ambiance, Good Service, Excellent Prime Rib.  A good choice for a special dinner out.
2	I'm sorry m and s i was told how fab your happy hour was and i must say its not that great ok a burger for 295 sounds pretty good although i had the sliders 2 sliders w/fries 395 not bad i ordered 6 oyster off the reg menu 13$ the bar tender was not familiar with what kind of oysters came from where but did ask someone who new the oysters were good service was friendly but not that attentive to busy talking to each other my martinis were good...not great ...10$ each which is a fair price in scottsdale world all in all i dont think i'll ever have to visit again 2 stars is harsh but 3 is to many
1	Mrs. Paul's...look out!  This place is disgusting!  I couldn't even taste the fish...and then again maybe that was fortunate.  The Trout Almondine that was said to be fresh had large pieces of almonds, lots of breading and soaked in butter.  There were carrots and green beans on the side similar to the ones you get in a frozen dinner.  The Dover sole was so breaded it should have been called "chicken fried sole"...we could barely choke it down.  What we did manage to swallow left us feeling sick and nautious.  It was almost what you would expect from a hospital cafeteria!  It was mostly people 70 plus...do people lose their taste buds when they get older?!?  We saw several people with really tacky toupes too!  This place isn't inexpensive...I just don't get it!  I can only say don't waste your calories, time or money all that you can never get back:)
3	Pretty good prices on their happy hour.  The best deal is their 1/2 lb burger with fries for $3.  They also have garlic wine mussels for $4 which are decent, although the broth isn't as flavorful as other McCormick and Schmick's I've been to.  Other items that aren't as good are the tuna tostadas and the fish tacos.
5	My husband and I had a great lunch here on Sunday. The steamed mussels, oysters, sea bass and beetroot and goat's cheese salad were all outstanding! The service was impeccable also.
4	The boy and I went on a date here last night.  It's a comfortable environment so get super dressed up or keep it low key casual.  We both had the swordfish and were extremely happy with our choice.  The portion size was just right for the main dish but we also ordered a salad and a side dish that put us a little overboard.  Well worth it though.  I have heard great things about the happy hour so I'm definitely going back to check it out.
4	For a chain this place always exceeds my expectations. Saturday night we both had the Swordfish, though my version came with a red pepper sauce and crab meat piled on top (Casino). Service was a little on the slow side but the overall quality of the food and the reasonable prices left us both satisfied.Supposedly their happy hour is one of the best with lot's of discounted seafood and snacks.
2	There were several things wrong with my recent visit to this restaurant.  I showed up wearing all black and was seated by a manager.  They use white linen and having worked in restaurants forever, I knew my napkin was going to leave white lint all over me.  I also knew that the manager knew, or should have.  I had to ask two people for a black napkin before one was delivered.  I ordered an Iced tea and the server brought me a mango Iced tea.  I asked her when she came back if they only had flavored tea and she said they did.  Why would you not tell me this when I ordered it you crazy beoch? Is what went through my head but I was celebrating my mother's birthday and didn't feel that would've been appropriate.  We ordered oysters and I ate two of them.  The first tasted like the ocean, not the nice clean blue waters of Hawaii type ocean, but the barnacle covered madness that smells like nasty ocean, you know what I mean.  The second one tasted better but I couldn't get the image of barnacles out of my head after that first one and I ate no more.  I then had the wedge salad which was fantastic and finished with Blacked Chicken Linguine in a cajun cream sauce.  It was also quite tasty.  Aside from the oysters the food was good, unfortunately the service calls for a two star rating.  Maybe this place is better during dinner.
5	WOW!  From service to food, 5 stars!    Went here last night for our 10th anniversary.   They never cease to amaze us.   Husband had a Caesar salad, Rib Eye with crab legs and I had a salad with Balsamic Vinagrette,  Salmon with Asian glaze with a carrott and swiss chard medley.  Amazing!!   Perfection.  Kyle served us, we were impressed by his knowledge of the menu and attention to detail.    Everyone we came in contact with was pleasant.  If only more restaurants treated their patrons this way!  If you have their VIP card you also earn 'points' which convert into $ you can use towards a future visit.    Thanks Kyle and McCormick and Schmicks!!
5	I have been here a few times.  The food is always great and fresh.  Prices are reasonable for a seafood place.  I usually go during happy hour and sit at the bar - Brian is a great bartender, very attentive and loves to talk sports.  Happy hour prices are amazing.  The resturant is big and open with high ceilings and its not too dark or loud.
4	My girlfriend and I ate here last night for our anniversary dinner and we both enjoyed it very much. We'd been wanting to try it, and we would definitely go back. I had the swordfish with grilled shrimp scampi, and she had the salmon and blue crab cake, and all the food was delicious. The flavors were unique and the fish was actually quite fresh, which is usually a rarity here in Arizona. The portions were a tad on the small side, but luckily we also had bread, drinks, and creme brule for dessert that left us pretty full. I wouldn't call this the best seafood place I've ever eaten at, but it's certainly one of the better ones in the Phoenix metro area.
4	My service here was excellent, and the drinks were delicious.  While I thought the my choice was decent my dinner companion found her entree to be delicious.  She got the seafood combination with Swordfish and Salmon.  I only tried the Swordfish and it was moist, tender, and quite delectable.  Top Sirloin cooked medium with mashed potatoes and a vegetable medley of carrots, and green beans with a peppered season was my selection.  The vegetable medley was delicious, potatoes were quite underwhelming, and the steak was nothing to write home about.  It was cooked perfectly, but much to my chagrin there was no seasoning or even a nice salt rub to it.  I don't need an overloaded flavorful steak, but this one had no extra effort put into it.  Disappointment wasn't what I was feeling, it was more emptiness.  Next time I think I'll opt for the Dry Rubbed Rib-eye.  We also chose the Creme Brulee, which was creamy and smooth with an awesome thick, crispy caramelized layer.  One thing that impresses me the most is McCormick and Schmick's free menu for those that have honorably served our country Veteran's Day weekend.  I would have rated them 3 stars, but this boosted them up to 4 stars for their respect for service members.
4	i've eaten a couple of times at the one on camelback so i wanted to try this location.  the fish talapia was great...the king crab...good but not great especially for the price.  the asparagus & beans weren't done at all.  had to send the beans back twice & they still weren't done.  the to- go bags were mixed up and we had to ask for them twice.  this was xmas day...they were busy but that's their job to make it effortless at this price.   they did comp desert and was  appreciated.  still...i would have rather paid the full price and had veggies that were done right the first time.  it spoils the mood.
1	AS OF 1/3/12.  This restaurant is closed.
2	not sure why I keep going back, food is generally sub par and service very mediocre for a premium priced establishment.I love northwest oysters and appreciate when they are fresh and willing to pay the $ in the desert but will have to hold out from now on. Had oysters twice, neither time was very good, took too long, pieces of shell in oysters, not very fresh, etc.The lobster bisque on Christmas day was disgusting, salty, oily, gross.Another time had a decent lunch of Mahi and my wife had the salmon which was enjoyable.Like a lot of chain restaurants in Scottsdale and Phoenix, it lacks the attention to detail that got them started. next time will go to a local place and wait for fresh seafood when we travel.
