5	I love Ross.... a lot. I always check them out for deals, I can never resist. I'm usually deterred by the insanely long and unregulated lines. This place was clean and organized. This is probably because it's a lower traffic store, but unlike most smaller stores they still had a lot of variety which is pretty unusualDefinitely a must shop. I have been here on two occasions, despite living on the complete other side of town.
4	I love getting my dress pants and shirts from Ross.  They always have enough selection in my size with good quality brand clothes.  I don't come here for anything else though so really my review score is only based off clothes and customer service which I feel are both great.
1	Womp womp.Besides not being able to find anything...Ross to me is just kind of run down.Security greets you as soon as you walk through the door, and watch you grab a cart. Or in this case, grab a cart, put my diaper bag in, strap in my baby in the seat.......Was I not doing it quick enough?No one looks happy working there... In fact, security was the only person who even spoke to me.The only thing in here that I saw worth buying was Burts Bees scrub, that they had priced for $5, instead of other stores usually having it priced at $13/$14.Don't plan on buying a lot here, because you can't take the carts out of the store.... They have that large, tall pole attached to them. I totally forgot about it, and tried to exit. The cart got stuck, and I tried to remove my daughter, and my belongings out of the basket, so I could put it back in the store....... No employee help... Kind of crappy.
1	I am giving one star since I need find what I was looking for.  The whole experience shopping here was terrible.  You really feel like you are in the ghetto when you shop here when it comes to security.  I bought a dress and wanted to match up a necklace and earrings/bracelet for it.  Normally at Kohl's, Macy's, Jc Penney's I would bring my outfit to that department and hold up different jeweler y to see which one I would choose, match and compare colors.  I looked all over for jeweler y and finally asked someone one.  They had it locked up, I told the girl I guess I will have to pass not looking for high priced pieces just costume.  The employee told me they were not high priced that is how they just display them.  So, I point to two different necklaces for her to grab and I put my dress on the counter so I can match up and was told that she can only bring one piece out at a time.  Huh, she said it was store policy.  I just was so irritated after how it is when you try on clothes there and mind you I only had two pieces.  The security is plain stupid.  The staff at that area are just like robots.  Hard to go in but the whole experience left me feel very uneasy.  I am not covered in tattoos or piercings (that doesn't matter just saying), not wearing all black leather, not  a thief or ever shop lifted in my life.  As you can read I am not happy and reading all my past reviews I write yes I was and will never shop this location again.
