2	I checked out Elder Art Gallery today while running errands on South and East Boulevards. It doesn't look particularly artsy from the outside--just another plain-looking shop in a series of strip malls--but it has an impressive collection of artwork, both local and less so. The sculptures on display were awesome--from modern pieces to more classical stuff. And while most of the art is out of my price range, it wasn't all that expensive (in a relative sense, at least). Tons of variety in here--lots of paintings and drawings, too. Check it out.
4	Great Gallery - Big Windows in the front - The current exhibit is my favorite at this gallery so far!!!  Very Modern, Colorful and abstract - Paintings and sculptures.
4	NOTE:  2000 South Blvd., Suite 200 is the correct Address for Elder Gallery at Atherton Mill - Somehow the Address was changed to the Address for Elders other Gallery on South Blvd.  So if you want to see this Gallery in addition go to Both Addresses!  Elder Gallery has had shows in this space in Atherton Mill before and Currently they have an Exhibition of works by Carl Plansky: "A Lifetime of Painting".  This is a large collection of mostly Large paintings.This is a great  "Warehouse" look cool space, a bit rough in an old mill (Atherton Mill).  Suite 200 on the side near the Pizza place.  Limited hours, call ahead!
5	The New Elder Gallery is now OPEN!  The intersection of S. Tryon and Summit, near where Camden runs into S. Tryon and Summit!This place has GREAT POTENTIAL!  Large Lower level with High Ceilings, much white space, not crowded and the best place in the Gallery is the rail at the edge of the Mezzanine where you can see much of the Artwork on both floors!Some Carl Plansky Paintings were displayed on the Mezzanine level!
1	This gallery has an explicit policy on their website that they will not entertain the art of any local artist.  I hope that the public will avoid them and instead go to galleries that allow Charlotte artists an opportunity to exhibit their work.
1	The worst collection of art suited for those who know very little about art. This gallery is neither progressive, provocative, or intellectually stimulating. It is perfect for Charlotte.
3	This was a very nice gallery located right near uptown down in the Southend.  Easy to find with a huge parking lot.I was lucky enough to be invited for a party last night and was able to enjoy the artwork.  I loved the variety of art and the bright layout of the gallery.  Great place to host a party or just come in and peruse the current displays.The staff was very friendly and I would definitely go again!  Thanks guys!
3	Cool event space.   I was here for a Christmas party this year and I found the place to be perfect for just that sort of thing.  Plenty of catering staging available and a lot of cool art to peruse while you mingle amongst guest.The current artwork there may change but from what I saw they have some really great stuff.  Some of it was painting and a mix of photography.  All were very unique.Nothing much more to say other than if you're in the area and into art, then come take a look.
