5	So I just moved up here from Charleston, SC and most places that do this good of a job, I've spent $80+ on. I went all out here and got the Manager's Special which was $29.40. I drove up and the guy asked me what I wanted and I told him everything (I haven't gotten my car cleaned at all since I bought it, including moving, animals, boyfriends, snow, etc so it DEF needed a lot of work.) and he went and looked and told me he didn't think I needed to splurge on the carpet shampoo unless if I really wanted it because he thought the vacuum would clean it as thoroughly as needed. He also said I should pass on the windshield rain protectant (sp?) since my car was new. I mean who does that? I very much appreciated his honesty.And it's so nice to have it done quickly and not to have to try to entertain myself for an hour!
5	At the risk of sounding similar to an Orbitz commercial..."Dirty car?" "Try Autobell Car Wash!"But, really, my car always looks fan-freakin'-tastic after a brief "spa" treatment at Autobell. The folks who work here are really nice and quite efficient with my ride. Package pricing ranges from a quickie exterior wash for $6.95 to a super polyprocess for $22.95. There are plenty of add ons like Armour All, Rain X, tire gloss, etc. And if you really love your vehicle (or have a mild case of clean car OCD), there's the Autobell Unlimited package. What stands out the most at this particular wash is the care and attention these guys (and girls) take with each vehicle. Tip 'em, folks and give your car some love, too.
5	Trust the Yelp.  Respect the Yelp.  Learn from the Yelp.You guys.  I could have chosen any Auto Bell in the city, really.  But I chose the one on South Blvd. because of all the 5 star reviews, and can I just tell you - these people know what's up.  This was the absolute best customer service experience I've had in quite some time.Let me start by first saying that I am a complete and total slob and a half.  My car was disgusting, inside and out.  I cleaned it before I got there, and it was still gross.  Enter the staff at Auto Bell.  This dude didn't just take my money and say "wait here until it's done".  He talked over my options regarding carpet cleaning, and actually gave me an honest opinion on whether or not it was worth it, and how effective the shampoo would be.  Very much appreciated.  After I decided on a service, I plopped down and waited for my car to be finished (8am on a Wednesday is a good time to get your car washed, FYI - no line).They finished the car (great job, btw - and was very much what I expected).  But, here's where the over-the-top customer service came in.  After I checked out the cleaning job, the staff told me that they noticed that my back left tire was a bit flat.  Instead of just letting me know and sending me on my way, they went a step further and had one of the guys follow me to the Shell station nearby (with money from the register, no less), and filled up my tire with air and checked the pressure for me!  That was a wowsers moment, right there.  This guy was so nice, and so friendly, and so very helpful.That is how customer service should be everywhere.
5	Love this place! I take my car to be washed here every other week, and the staff always does a great job!
4	Because Charlotte has been a virtual inferno this past week, I felt a little guilty putting the Auto Bell team to work this week. But their friendly service was unwavering from previous visits, and my car rolled out squeaky-clean as always.I've always been able to come and go in roughly 15 minutes. I'm a fan of the full-service wash (~$15), which includes interior and exterior TLC and an optional tire shine (additional). If you just need your metal restored to its usual shimmer, there's an exterior-only wash for you. (~$7).The team at the end of the line always invites inspection of their work and will address any nits (though I've been nit-free to date). They're a pleasant crew from start to finish--even in triple-digit heat.
3	First trip to an Autobell so maybe my expectations were a tad high thanks to the 5 star reviews on Yelp. i went with the manager's special with rain repel ($27.40). They had it done pretty darn quick, so i reckon that's a good thing. However, i guess the vac job is just a once over, they must not really be into using a crevice tool or anything to get stuff out of the hard to vac places since the floors still had some debris. Even the window still had smudges on the outside. Don't get me wrong, it looks better, but i was not wowed. Just seems i could have done that job for around $10 myself with similar results, but probably not as quick, so probably worth it.
5	The Auto Bell does an EXCELLENT job cleaning my car. I have an auto bell within 2 miles of my house but go out of my way to come to this Auto Bell on South Blvd because I have been so impressed with their service. I am a pet owner and travel frequently with my pet. The South end Auto Bell takes the time to not only vaccum before my car enters the wash, but also drives the car back around the building to make sure any and all pet hair is vacuumed before returning to me. Excellent staff. Excellent service.
4	I am a car nut and my truck is rarely dirty but I have been extremely busy on the weekends so I haven't had a chance to wash it. I had finally had enough today so I took it to Auto Bell on South Blvd in South End and I couldn't be happier. They did a phenomenal job and recommended a package that was perfect for me. Being a crazy OCD person about my truck, I noticed a few things with the inside of my wheels but for $22, I was very happy with the results. Thanks Auto Bell!
4	So if you know Autobell you know what you're gonna get when you roll up.  Yes, it's a little on the pricey side.  Yes it can be crowded.  Other than that, you also know that you are gonna end up with a spotless car and clean interior.  This location is no different.The only thing about this location I'm not very fond of is the lack of property.  I mean when it's packed the parking lot can be a little tricky to navigate.  As with all things, get a coupon and look for a deal if you want to save some $$$.
3	They do a great job at this location and I never have to wait that long. My only complaint is how quickly they shuffle you out of your car as soon as you pull up! Gimme a minute to grab my purse and latte, boys! Other than that, great and speedy service!
4	Friendly staff, great service, and I love the fact if you don't have cash they offer you the ability to add your tip to your debit purchase & give you a cash voucher.  My car is clean...until the next rain day in CLT.
4	Suns out, guns out. Or in this case... suns out, all the dirty cars out.This location is bumping at most times. It's an Autobell, so there are real no surprises here.I took Lance here a couple weeks ago to save him from the pollen. He was a hot mess inside and out. As always, they did a great job. All the workers are super nice, too. Almost like brainwashed too nice, but I like it.Trying to take a left out of here when you leave? Good luck. I recommend hanging a right and going up to the light to turn around. South Blvd can be impossible sometimes.
2	Stopped in on Sunday for a basic wash & vacuum. Can't really complain about the car wash itself, pretty standard. (Hence the stars.) The inside vacuum & wipe down was less than impressive as maybe half the debris & dust on the dash, etc. was left behind... and I'm not totally convinced they found their way to the back seat. To give them the benefit of the doubt, my car was pretty messy to start with. All in all, it was just okay. Would probably like to try somewhere else next time instead.
3	$4 drive thru car wash is cheap and fast but no drying option. Recently I got the managers $29.99 special and was less than impressed. It was obvious that while my car was clean there were many spots inside that were missed.
