5	All I can say is WOW!  A great eatery for lunch or dinner or drinks after work.  They have an excellent bar with a wide range of beers, wines and scotch and whiskey.  It is located in a historic building in downtown Middleton and it is a major step up from the grease spoon bars located in the area.  The bar area is set up to open up 8 doors to their out door seating area.Their food ranges from custom apps, to sandwiches, to fresh local beef burgers to custom salads (greens are available as a substitution for fry's at no charge).  I would imagine their menu will grow over time.I'm for sure hooked on the Free House Pub!
4	Our first visit was great. The place was clean and nice looking and everything we ate and drank was really good. They have a really nice outdoor patio area we enjoyed. Our server was also very nice. I highly recommend trying it.
1	First impression was good.  The place looks nice and the addition to the building was nicely done.We stopped for a late lunch.  We ordered a bloody mary and asked for water as well.  We had to remind the waitress twice to bring the water and we were halfway through our meal when it finally arrived.  Not a big deal.We didn't want a large meal so ordered appetizers.  The Chips and Salsa were mediocre at best.  The guacamole was definitely not home made---more of the variety that comes in the squeeze tube from Sam's Club.  The menu said the chips were home made.  I'm not saying they were lying, but the tri-colored chips sure seemed like any garden variety you could get at Sam's, Costco or any other grocery store.The cheese quesadilla was better, although the guacamole once again was free of any evidence that it was made on site.  The drinks were good.  What disappointed me were two things, one of which will guarantee that a return trip to this restaurant will be delayed until they work out the new restaurant kinks.First, I went to the mens room.  As the restaurant had been newly renovated, I was surprised to find a smelly, hot and humid mens room that had obviously not been recently cleaned.  They definitely did not renovate the restroom from it's original incarnation when it was the Gallery.  It is a hot and humid Wisconsin day and there are no air conditioning vents in the restroom.  Instead a window is propped open.  It was a smelly, disgusting, hot and humid room.  A few hundred dollars more to what was obviously a costly renovation and they could have freshened it up and run an AC line into the restroom.Frankly, I wish I wouldn't have gone to the restroom before I ate since it dampened my appetite significantly.The worst thing though, is something I witnessed after we had paid our bill and were getting ready to leave.  We were seated in the bar area and one of the waiters approached the bar and placed an order for drinks for two women who were seated outside.  One of them ordered a draft beer.   When the bartender pours the beer, the glass overflowed.  She then picked up the glass with all five finger wrapped around the top of the glass.  This alone is disgusting, unhygienic and goes against all of the basics of germ control.  What happened next was the topper, though.   As I said the beer overflowed on rim and side of the glass.  In front of the waiter and with any customer within eyesight able to see she took the BAR RAG and wiped off the glass and the rim of the glass.  The potential for cross contamination from the bar rag to the rim of the glass (and the customers lips) creates the possibility for incredible pathogen transmission.  While I am sure this was unintentional, it is nonetheless unconscionable and is reason enough for the health department to intervene with severe sanctions.As we left, I saw the waiter delivering the tainted glass of beer to an unsuspecting customer.  I couldn't walk by without saying something, so I told the customer what I witnessed.  I hope she demanded a replacement and/or decided to walk down the street to another restaurant.I hope they get their act together.  It's a good location and has potential.  However, with what I witnessed today and with the disgusting restroom experience, I predict that this recent addition to Middleton's sparse dining scene will be short lived.
4	Arrived at 5:45, but the place was already packed. Since I was dining solo I decided to forego a wait and eat at the bar. Arrival: It took a little longer than I would have expected with 3 people behind the bar to get someone's attention, but finall I I asked the bartender for a drink list and he handed me a beer list. No biggie. Asked a different bartender if there was a drink/whiskey list and got the right menu this time. Drinks: There are a number of interesting cocktails using locally distilled liquors. Theres also a fantastic selection of Scotch whiskeys arranged by region of origin, including Oban 14, one of my favorites. At $9.50 it's just a smidge more than I would expect to pay at a place like this. Unfortunately the price wasn't the only issue. First, they served me a fine single malt scotch in a highball glass. Second, for $9.50 I would expect at least a 2 finger pour, this was barely more than 1 finger in a narrow highball glass. I'm thinking it was probably a 1 shot pour at best. I don't think I'll be ordering another straight whiskey here anytime soon. Stick with the cocktails.Food: Food took about 15 minutes from order to service. Pretty impressive considering how busy they were. I ordered the Big Texan Burger  which is local beef on a local bun with bbq sauce, fried onions, and cream cheese. The patty was tasty and well seasoned but I ordered medium and this was cooked past that closer to the well side of medium well. The patty itself was a little small and got lost under the rest of the toppings. Speaking of the toppings, the BBQ sauce is spicy..like. quite a bit hotter than I would have expected, that must be why they put the cream cheese on it. Still, everything together didn't quite work. The patty which clearly was tasty was overpowered by everything else, and by the time I was done I was still craving a BURGER. I ordered the Garlic Parmesan fries and unfortunately we ran into another problem with the bartender not listening to what I said. When my order came it had sweet potato fries. Had another bartender check the order, sure enough, he put in sweet potato fries. Considering I had a conversation with my fellow barmates on which fries I should order, we were certain it was not a mistake on my part. I kept the sweet potato fries since I want to eventually try both. The fries themselves were crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and had just the right amount of sweet. Serving size was again a little small considering I paid a dollar extra for them. All in all, the food was high quality, but not quite what I asked for and may not have quite been to my taste, but I can't hold my preferences against them.The thing that really turned the visit around for me was some time talking with Tim , the owner. He asked how everything was, and when I said there were a couple of issues he was totally responsive. Right down to coming by with the bottle of Oban later in my visit and pouring me another serving in apology for the previous short pour. I confirmed with the owner that they are doing a 1.5oz pour. So $9.50 gets you 1 shot. Tim also talked with me about some future plans for the place including a possible expansion out front that will be a whiskey and wine patio. According to him, he wants to be the preeminent whiskey/scotch bar in the Madison area. Considering the place is only 6 blocks from my house, I highly approve. All in all I can't complain. They're busy, they just opened, and the food is clearly of a high quality. I'm excited to come back again a few times over the coming months and see if they're able to smooth out the bumps.
2	I flipped the rating between two and three stars, trying to decide which would be most accurate... after much debate, I settled on the two.  Truth be told, I'd like to rate The Free House at a 2.5 - 2.75, but I can't rate it a full 3.0 in good conscience.I've been to the FHP four times since they've opened, and each experience has been mixed.  I've yet to sit inside, as the patio area is really wonderful.  The covered tables, the field-stone ground cover, and the "alcove" feel make for a relaxing and enjoyable place, even when the thermometer is pointed well into the triple digits.  There's ample shade, so that helps a bit.The tap selections are excellent.  Kudos to the FHP for their great taste in micro brews.  While the offerings aren't exotic, they are well rounded and I guarantee there'll be something for everyone.Scotch and whisky selections are decent as well; you'll find most of the usual suspects on their liquor menu.  Prices are reasonable, the two pours I had were "clinical" - clearly measured to the exact mL.  The food and service are where the mixed feelings come into play.  The servers are friendly, but sparse.  On three of the four visits, we sat for some time between drinks; food seemed to take a long time to arrive; follow-ups were few and far between.  During one of the visits, we had an exceptionally great server who was prompt, super friendly, helpful, and great with follow-ups.  But, 1-out-of-4 does not a 4-star review make.Food quality has been consistently "meh."  I know Wisconsin likes its food to border on the bland side, but come on.  We've tried the jalapeno poppers, which were uniquely presnted - sliced on the half, grilled, and filled with creamed cheese; aside from the jalapeno flavor they were boring.  Despite being charred, there wasn't much smoke/grill flavor, and the creamed cheese tasted like gruel.  We had high hopes for it, but were left for wanting.The cheese curds were pedestrian; on par with what you'd find at any number of places.  If you're looking for a handmade curd, look elsewhere.For entrees, we've tried a bunch... I won't go into tremendous detail as this would soon turn into a novel.  The sandwiches are "bready" and bland - chicken didn't have any unique flavor; burgers were on the dry side and the beef was "lost" by the toppings - a good burger should stand on its own.  The salads are nice, but when adding chicken, I'd appreciate a little more than 3 - 3.5oz of flavorless chicken breast.  The loaded grilled cheese was embarrassing - someone mentioened it in a filtered review, and our experience was the same as his.With each visit, we've left with a happy/sad feeling.  The drinks and atmosphere are consistently good.  The food is consistently underwhelming.  The service is consistently "off."  The price is hardly ever a value; we've averaged around $48-$55 per visit for 2-3 people.I know it's hard to make a new place work... but I'd pay more attention to giving the food some recognizable flavor, improve the service a bit, and ease-up on the breadiness of the sandwiches.  A little tweaking, and this could be a solid place.The Free House Pub = MEHFood = 2 starsService = 2 starsValue = 2 starsMISC = 3.5 stars
4	Good food and great patio atmosphere, I'll be going back quite often!
2	I probably would have given this restaurant 2 1/2 stars if I could have, but didn't think it deserved a 3 star rating.  The term "meh" definitely applies here - nothing exciting with the food, drinks, service or atmosphere.  The homemade chips, guac and salsa were all bland and the portion size was very small.  My sandwich and my dining companions' burgers were very bland.  Oh, and don't order the sweet potato fries.If you're looking for a burger/sandwich/fry place you can find much better in Madison, or even Middleton!
3	Went here last night for my birthday dinner. The wait was about 45 min, which is fine we like to have a drink at the bar before we eat most times anyways. The bar was nice and big, great choices for local/WI beers and microbreweries. Cocktails were also reasonably priced. I should say that the bartenders were super nice and friendly. We ordered a simple appetizer of chips and salsa, took a very very long time. The bartender said the ticket got lost. The bartender took care of a drink and the app on our tab which was very nice and unexpected. The menu however was underwhelming. A little pricey for what looked like a very small burger patty (I would guess 1/4 lb) They also do not have dessert on the menu and being my birthday I wanted something sweet. We decided to skip dinner and go to an Italian restaurant down the street. I think for drinks we will prob be back; it was a fun and inviting atmosphere and bar service was great aside from the very late appetizer which really wasn't their fault. Maybe we'll try the food sometime if they jazz up the menu a bit.
1	Won't be going back. Decent selection of beer and clean premises, but that's about where it ends. I had the ABLT and it came to the table without the avocado. We tried to flag down the server 3 times without results. There were only 2 other tables present. Finally got the Host's attention and got the avocado. I had to wait so long that my sandwich cooled significantly. the bread (grilled, not toasted) got soggy and oily, the bacon was too chewy, and there was nothing spectacular about the palette. The greens were ok, but also very oily. My husband had the portabello sandwich. the bun was as cold as if it had just come out of the fridge. It actually hurt his teeth to bite into the cold bun and then the very hot portabella. There was also nothing special about the flavor of his selection either. The bun would be better toasted at the very leastHe had a Guinness which came in a can. It was an older beer. If you drink Guinness, you know it doesn't have a long shelf life in a can. We sat inside because of rain. The restaurant area was very warm, as in I was sweating. It's 60 degrees out today. It made it very uncomfortable to eat. I think this would be a good place to catch a few drinks or hit happy hour with some co-workers, but I'd skip eating here and head to one of the better restaurants in the area. They say they are locally sourced for food, but I'm not entirely sure what part is locally sourced and which isn't. While I applaud using local sourced and keeping small businesses going, making bland food doesn't do justice to the local suppliers.
4	I'm very fond of the Free House, and as a local, I will return to it often. The atmosphere is excellent. A great chalkboard mounted to the exposed brick wall over the bar lists all the current (and all-Wisconsin, and all awesome) craft beer listings. Every one of their signature cocktails contains locally distilled spirits - try their Free House Old Fashioned, made with Yahara Bay cherry brandy. Yum!As you might have figured, the focus at this place is on the local bounty. From the Clasen's hamburger buns to the locally sourced beef, not much will show up in your glass or on your plate that's not from nearby. And of course, it's all delicious. The Free House has two owners, and each of the 10+ times I've been there, both owners are around. I'm pretty sure they don't sleep - one manages front of house, the other works in the kitchen. I'm sure their constant presence contributes to the quality of the place.On the whole, the staff is A+. They have some extremely talented bartenders who always remember everything about me, to the extent that I'm a little alarmed. In general the servers are competent, although I've had one or two slightly unpleasant experiences with frazzled servers on busy nights. And this is one of the very few downfalls I've discovered about this place - it does get very busy. If it's a Friday or Saturday night, or if there's music on the (beautiful) patio, expect the Free House to be noisy and crowded.On the whole, I highly recommend the Free House. My favorite way to enjoy this establishment is to sit at the bar with a microbrew and split some delicious grub with a friend. The bar has the best atmosphere and the most talented staff, and you can't go wrong.
4	Was delicious.  Hubby and I were treated to a kidless night out.  Sat out on the patio at the Free House and enjoyed a couple of burgers and a few manhattans.  The menu is very simple...nothing crazy and not many choices.  Perhaps I was surprised about the simple menu at first, but on further consideration....the choices were good, and the place isn't trying to be snooty and weird.  Just good bar food in a great atmosphere.  Very relaxing, service was wonderful...great ambiance.  Can't wait to head back!
4	I was in Wisconsin for training for the week and this place was close to my hotel.  Also, they had fried cheese curds on the menu which I HAD to try!  I had been hearing about these things for weeks from my coworkers who have already been out there. It was a Friday evening and the place was pretty packed. The atmosphere was typical suburban bar. Not too rowdy, but loud. I'm not a beer drinker, but the Pinot Noir was good! :o)We had to wait a few minutes before our waiter came. The fried cheese curds were good! They tasted like fried mozzarella sticks to me, but still pretty good. My coworker got a burger and I got a deluxe grilled cheese sandwich that we shared. Both were really tasty and filling. She decided to try the clam chowder and it wasn't that great. I may be a little biased, but I don't buy seafood in the Midwest. Unless it's deep fried in beer batter and served with fries. The specialty is meat and cheese. Seafood, I'm sticking to the east coast. I decided to try the sweet potatoes fries which were very good. Overall I liked this place. It was walking distance from our hotel, the people were friendly and the food was good. It was a nice place to have a laid back and chill meal after a long week.
4	I went to The Free House on a date after my dad mentioned a good review he'd seen in a local newspaper.I loved the building right away. It must be in an old house or something, because the tables are located in what looks like a former dining or living room. We had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated (it was a Friday or Saturday night), so we sat at the bar for a little while first. I had a Wisco 75 cocktail. I thought it was great--very fruity and light. My boyfriend had a glass of Glenmorangie whiskey, a favorite of his.Once we were seated, it took several minutes for our server to arrive, which was a bit annoying. She was very polite and nice, though. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap, and his only complaint was that it could have been a bit spicier (but he has a high tolerance for spicy food; my taste buds are crazy-weak, and I thought the wrap was plenty spicy). I had the salmon sandwich, and it was delicious. The salmon (an actually manageable size, which seems rare for a salmon sandwich) was fully cooked but not overdone, the lettuce and tomato were fresh, the lemon dill sauce was delicious, and the bun really held up well.Overall, I loved The Free House, and I'll definitely be back again.
4	We went here on a recent mid-week night.  We got seated in the quieter side of the restaurant, which I was glad to see--compared to the entry/bar area, which was crowded, sounded like there was a live band, and had a football game on.  The server was attentive and quick.  I was going to get a beer but their cocktails list was tailored to the British public house feel so I tried one and would do so again. One of us ordered the avocado salad and the other ordered a burger, and both of us were pleased enough to want to return.I enjoyed coming here on a quieter weekday night.  Not sure what the weekend atmosphere is, but I have hopes to make this place a semi-regular outing.
5	Great food, great beer, great atmosphere... perfect.  It's a pleasant surprise in a area with dumpy bars like the Hody and Village Green.  Friday fish fry has the BEST fish I've ever had in this area (grilled or battered).
3	Free House is located around a growing restaurant cluster around Parmenter St in Middleton in the old Forrestal's Gallery.  The building is historic and has been home to many former businesses - the building dates to the 1800s. Free House's beer, cocktail, and separate whiskey menu are extensive.  This explains the crowded bar area in the entryway around happy hour on my visit.  The food attempts to match other local upscale bar food (The Great Dane, The Laurel Tavern, Coopers Tavern).  Granted, the crowds I've seen here are mainly divided into the bar group and families with children in the dining area and neither are likely going to demand fussy hipster ingredients.  Chicken fingers, a standard burger, and grilled cheese are all available.  The restaurant does have sweet potato fries, parmesean fries, and a homemade vegetarian chili, though, so it's not exactly a country dive bar, either.As a vegetarian, I appreciated the availability of a veggie burger made in-house.  I had mine with a side of greens.  It was fairly good, though needed some sort of additional moisture from sauce or veggies.  My friend's "Big Tex" burger was loaded with sauce and needed to be cut in half to avoid a BBQ fashion emergency.  The goat cheese beet salad and fish fry special (on a Wednesday night, no less) at the neighboring table looked like good bets for next time.Service is quick and prices are reasonable.  The decor is probably a work in progress but I'm guessing with time they'll bring the current "rec room chic" up a level or two.
3	Positives:  The bacon & blue burger with fresh greens and grainy bun for 50 cents more was very tasty;   the beer selection is thoughtful;  the situation and decor is pleasant-breezy-suburban plus aspiring;  the staff are smart, hard-working, sharp people.Negatives:  Beer prices are kind of high;  the Gulden Draak was great but the Capital Maibock reeked of buttery/skanky uncleaned line - - no way will I go back for a casual and overpriced brew under dubious quality control;  ueber-commercial and pretentious feel to the operation, for better or worse;   you are likely paying for slickness, cool, or posture, not for essential quality (though the kitchen product was very solid).
4	A perfect stop for a vegan before (or after) the Mustard Museum.  Best menu in the vicinity.  I enjoyed an icy cold black IPA beer from the long list of regional offerings, a bountiful & delicious salad w/ plenty of avocados & chick peas, and we shared a heaping basket of sweet potato fries with smoky ketchup for the table.  Who could ask for more? The menu also offers veggie chili, a portobello burger, and a veggie burger.
4	I recently went to the Free House with two friends.  We decided to go there because it was a beautiful early summer day and we wanted to sit outside.  Their patio is amazing and I will definitely be back.There was a short wait to be seated (which is expected on a Saturday night) and we made ourselves comfortable by the back bar.  There's an awesome little spiral staircase leading up to a secluded and quiet small seating area, so we happily enjoyed their AMAZING selection of German beer up there while we were waiting for our table.We were sat quicker than we anticipated and were very happy with the menu and the service.  Like others have commented, their fare is the hip Wisconsin bend on American dining similar to what you'd expect at Cooper's or the Great Dane.We got the garlic parmesan fries for an appetizer.  YUM!  I enjoyed the turkey sandwich and my friends both had burgers.  Our only complaint is that they both requested their burgers to be medium rare and they both were cooked on the "well" side of "medium well".After dinner, we continued to enjoy the patio and their large selection of excellent beers and cocktails. One of my friends offered me a sip of their old fashioned and it was perfect.  And, when we got our bill, we were all pleasantly surprised  as to how little we had spent.  The price point was definitely below what you'd find at a similar establishment downtown Madison.Definitely check this place out, especially if you want some great outdoor seating!
4	Ahi tuna sandwich was very good, and gluten free bread was a nice option. Great drink selection and bar area was nice with patio option.
3	This place serves up top notch bar food. Definitely deserving of four stars. The service however was mediocre at best. I took my parents for dinner and we sat at the bar for a good twenty minutes before someone offered us a menu. My dad isn't the most patient person in the world so we went out of our way to put our order in. That being said the food was very good. I started out with the vegetarian chili. Absolutely delicious. Lots of Flavor, lots of heat. Just enough to make your forehead sweat. For my meal I had the can chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. Very good sandwich, not dry, with plenty of spice. My parents had the turkey sandwich which was even better. The turkey wasn't processed it was freshly carved and the bread was toasted perfectly. Had the service been a little better I would have been at 4 stars all day long.
4	Living in Middleton, this place is almost too easy for nights when we just don't feel like cooking, so we've ended up here several times since moving back to town. Definitely a gem in Middleton! My sister was married in this building back when it was Forrestal's, and I am impressed with the way they have used the space, allowing for plenty of room for larger groups as well as some semi-private tables. Their house old fashioned is one of the best in town. The sandwiches on the menu are large and delicious, particularly the ABLT and pressed pesto. Splurge the extra $1.50 and upgrade to a side of the sweet potato fries, or better yet, the garlic parmesan fries!
4	What an adorable set up this place has! Great menu with plenty of meat free options too!  Was just here for lunch with some coworkers and their meals looked just as tasty as mine. Could be a little less over zealous on the soft drinks though. I had taken maybe three sips and they brought me a second glass, so by the end of our meal the table was cluttered with untouched drinks, but I will definitely be coming here after work one day to try some of those beautiful bottles behind the bar!
5	Awesome place, great vibe. Cozy evening atmosphere in downtown Middleton.  I was impressed by the vegetarian choices offered.  Most places offer 1-2 choices, Free House had about 5-6.  That made it worth our trip.  Veggie burgers with sweet potato fries were a great choice.  Other choices included Tofu wraps, salads, portobello mushroom burgers and veggie chili.  And of course they carry the usual carnivorous choices as well.
2	The special costs twice as much as anything, and it's not so special. Good service. Nice outdoor space. Just don't order the special.
3	I have been here a few times now and I likely won't go back for a while. The food is really very good, but, the service is slow. The first time we went, it was around 1 pm on a Saturday. The patio was full so we were fine sitting inside. The bartender ended up serving us and she couldn't have been more annoyed or stressed out. She rushed us and never even smiled. After waiting about 15 minutes for our food, she told us the kitchen was backed up and it would be another 5-10 minutes. It ended up being another 15-20. They slightly messed up the order, but, overall the food was great! The second time I went we sat outside. Our server was so sweet, but, again seemed stressed. We waited at least 35 minutes for our food (party of 4 people) and when it came my order was wrong. I sent it back, waited another 5-10 minutes, and then got my food. It was delicious, again, but didn't feel worth it since we waited for so long. Our server did thank us for our patience when we left. A third time I went I just had drinks. It was fine, but, slow service, again. I think this place will be great when they figure out their staffing. I will go back again, but, I will give them some time to figure it out.
3	Generally, I have enjoyed my visits to the Free House Pub.The waitstaff are always friendly, even though one time I had a server who would start talking to us from halfway across the room, which was weird.The bartenders know how to make a good drink there. Their Free House Pub Old Fashioned is well-balanced and strong. They have a great whiskey selection and good beer options.They make a good sandwich here. Anything with turkey on it involves thick cut turkey breast that is moist and flavorful. They use cherrywood smoked bacon which is fabulous, and strong cheeses. The garlic Parmesan fries are so delicious! Crisp fries with shaved parm and a strong garlic flavor. A friend of mine swears by the sweet potato fries and another by the spicy Asian slaw.The cheese curds we ordered were overcooked, with little cheese left inside the breading. Bummer.Overall, good food, good service, great beverages.They also have a very nice patio!
2	Three strikes and I'm afraid you're out. I won't be dining here again after tonight. The first time I ate here (a little less than a year ago) and got poor service I thought it was a fluke. The food wasn't great either but the atmosphere was excellent so I wrote it off. The second time I ate here (this summer) the service was mediocre at best and the food was worse than the first time. We also got seated in a huge room with no windows and where there wasn't a single other diner in sight despite it being the middle of the day. Lots of time had passed between my first two visits so it wasn't as though I had been anticipating a bad experience or anything. Months later, tonight, I visited The Free House a third time. This time the appetizers, main dish, and service were pretty unremarkable. The lettuce rolls were not rolls at all -- the plate consisted of an ice cream sized scoop of filling that resembled something akin to pink dog food and a dozen or so puny scraps of lettuce. I guess we were meant to assemble the rolls ourselves. My dinner mates (a strapping teenager accustomed to eating just about anything and a grown man with a healthy appetite after working all afternoon on a farm) exhibited no interest in that dish and ultimately we sent that plate back. The waitress expressed no disappointment, nor did she offer to bring out anything different. To her credit the appetizer did not appear on our bill but one can only wonder how routine that may be given that it produced no reaction whatsoever from our server. After we were served our fish tacos and asked how the first few bites were, our waitress again had no reaction (not one word, in fact) when I expressed my disappointment. The fish tacos (which both my partner and I ordered) consisted of little more than reheated, mushy, breaded fish strips with an excessive amount of thousand island dressing zigzagged across the top. Blech. I was able to get one of the three down despite not having had lunch today. In sum, while this restaurant exhibits some lovely exposed brick, wood panelling, a couple of nice bar areas, and a pleasant semi-covered outdoor eating area, the food and service certainly leave much to be desired.
3	This is one of those "tweeners." i'd like to rate this about 3 1/2 stars. it's a decent pub with decent food and decent atmosphere, but I cant give it much higher praise than that.The Free House sits in a beautiful area full of shops and restaurants, and it looks like it would be great to sit out on their patio on a summer's eve. Alas, it was 40 degrees last evening, so we were inside. The building was evidently originally a residence or lodging, and is thus comprised of many separate rooms and coves; it's very homey in feel. What it is *not* is quiet. The sound seems to reverberate off everything, and it's not easy to hold a conversation. The decor and furnishings are nothing memorable, mostly dark wood and plain walls.One of the good features of TFH is their tap beer selection, which contains many local microbreweries. Prices are decent, around $5 for a pint. The bar was crowded on a Friday night, and it looked like a fun place to sample some local wares.As - I guess - befits a pub, the menu is limited to basically sandwiches and hamburgers. I had the battered cod sandwich, which was very good. Mi esposa enjoyed her battered cod fillets as well. The "Old Standby" cheeseburger was ordered by my son, and was exactly that, and my daughter had the buffalo chicken wrap, which she found to be quite buffalo-ey - that is to say, spicy. The french fries were not extraordinary, but were certainly good. All in all, a solid, if unspectacular, meal.Our server was attentive, and my kids received refills on their drinks before they even knew they were a quart low. Overall, a fine experience, but not one that I'd go to extraordinary lengths in which to partake.
3	Serious options for a place to sit and serious beer choices make it a solid pick... once I want to eat at and update soon!
3	The Free House Pub was a nice, casual dining spot. The menu contains classic Wisconsin staples such as cheese curds, a prime rib sandwich and a Friday Fish Fry. Our food was solid and good. We started with cheese curds, which were average. We split the short rib stuffed grilled cheese, thinking this sounded unique. The sandwich was good, not nearly as heavy as it sounded, but I think it is accurate to say we would have preferred it to be a little heartier. It was a little skimpy on the meat. We chose the Asian slaw as our side, which was actually excellent. I recommend it. We tried the clam chowder (it was cold out), and despite low expectations (I realize ordering clam chowder in Wisconsin is a gamble), it was really good! It wasn't too potato-y, and there were a lot of clams. So, food got three stars. We weren't drinking, but I have a feeling if we had been the Free House would have gotten 4 stars. For a Friday in Middleton the bar crowd was lively, and the place has a great beer and whiskey list. I think I will return for the full experience. One nice note-bar and dining is very separate, so the Free House can provide a great kid/family environment, as well as a nice place to grab a beer with friends without feeling like you're surrounded by kids.
5	I can't think of anything this restaurant doesn't have! From the friendly, totally knowledgeable wait staff, to the fantastic beer list to the cozy atmosphere, The Free House really hit the spot. The big surprise to me was the number of vegetarian and fish options. My group split the vegetarian nachos, which were GREAT but pretty rife with peppers, so beware! I went with the Ahi tuna sandwich and even without the wasabi mayo, it was still very moist and perfectly seared and very fresh. The menu also had lots of great sounding salads and sandwiches and burgers that included a variety of sides and local ingredients, like Madison Sourdough, Angelic and Colonial breads.  I also really appreciated the local beer selection and wound up trying something from Sand Creek Brewery, which I'd never heard of before. The waiter let us know where we could buy some to take home, so that was cool. Overall, the dark-wood paneled  bar area was the perfect place to have a winter lunch before venturing back out into the cold. It looks like there is outdoor dining in the summer, judging by the size of the patio.
4	I've come here a few times with the boyfriend for dinner and drinks. I really like this place! I've sat both on the patio and in one of the back rooms inside. Next time I'd love to sit at the bar.Overall, I have no complaints about the Free House. The food is good, the beer and wine selection is vast, and the servers are nice. One of our friends is a cook here, so we try to head out here as often as we can. I've had the Friday fish fry (yum) as well as a few sandwiches. I would recommend the grilled cheese. It's delicious and the bread is perfectly toasted. A great app is the Garlic Parmesan fries. They have a lemon dill aoili sauce and it is oh so good.This would be a great place to come in the summertime. I've had the best experiences on the patio. It's very quaint, and it's fun to sit outside, drink a giant glass of wine, and dine of yummy food. The atmosphere is quite casual, so it'd be a great place for after-work drinks.
5	When you're having such a great meal that, before you know it, you've ordered drinks, an appetizer, dinner, AND dessert, you know you've found a good spot! Ya know sometimes you're feeling a little frugal and order water to drink and choose between an app OR dessert, or forgo both!. With the amazing meal we had at the Free House, I can't imagine skipping one course next time we return! I ordered the Free House old fashioned to start- the Yahara Bay cherry brandy makes it quite delicious and quite strong! Loved the jalapeno poppers for our appetizer-made with fresh, unbreaded jalapenos, so don't touch your eyes after eating! The oven roasted turkey sandwich was mouthwatering, and I think I'll have to make it my go-to order on all future visits! The dessert special that night was pumpkin cheesecake. Homemade and OHSOGOOD! Really looking forward to returning after this miserable winter is over, and enjoying a meal on the outdoor patio!
5	Beer selection is always top notch. Food is never a miss. Wife and I got married in that same building years and years ago so this place has a special meaning to us so ... We go often. They also run/own the Hawks Landing Tap Room and we split up our dining out between these 2 places. Both equally phenomenal.
5	My husband and I like to eat a low-carb diet as much as possible. We've both seen enormous benefits to our health and weight by doing so. Sometimes, it can be expensive to stick to our self-imposed guidelines when we're at a restaurant, because a lot of places like to short you on protein and veggies and pad the meal with cheap filler stuff like potatoes and bread. Not The Free House. There's tons of yummy salad options on the menu that come with homemade dressings. The jalapeno popper appetizer is not breaded or fried. Any sandwich or burger comes with fries, but greens can be substituted for no.extra.charge.Plus, the food is DELICIOUS to boot, and the staff is friendly and fun. Even if you do not eat low-carb, there's still tons of other carby-yummy-goodness on the menu too. It's just nice to know of a restaurant where you can choose to eat healthy, or not. It's nice to have options.In the summer, the patio is fun too!
3	No back story- just went out for dinner one night, so I'll get right to the review:Nice-looking place with a nice patio.  We were seated promptly, but at a table towards the back of the room which was very lacking in light.  I suppose I should have asked for a different table near the windows but we'd just come from outside & I guess I thought that once our eyes adjusted it would be fine.  I ended up having to read the menu to my dad (he's in his mid-70's).  They also sat a few tables after us and it got quite loud- it seems the acoustics are not suitable for light conversation across the table.Good, but not spectacular menu selections.  We opted for appetizers of cheese curds & jalapeno poppers.  Both were good but a tad over-priced for what you get.  Drink selection was very good (though I wish they had a straightforward IPA... they offered a double IPA, an oak-aged IPA, an APA, an American IPA... what gives?).  The kids menu is limited.  One gets the impression that they will serve kids but it's an afterthought.I was happy with my prime rib sandwich- very tasty.  The side of parmesan fries could have been executed better... they were very garlicky and the parmesan was in wet clumps on top, rather than tossed throughout.  My dad got the walleye special and enjoyed it.  The kids got burgers which were cooked correctly (they hate when they are served hockey pucks).  My wife got a strawberry and mixed greens salad, which she was kind of disappointed with... I'm not really sure why but I think she expected a chopped salad.  She did say that candied walnuts were advertised but the walnuts she got in her salad were plain.  In conclusion: we were not wowed by our visit to the Free House Pub, but we didn't hate it.  I think I'd definitely stop in again to sit in the patio and have a cocktail, if I happen to not have the kids with me. Cheers!
4	I have heard so many things about the Free House Pub and I thought...hmmm, it is about time I tried it.  And?  No regrets!I ordered their prime rib sandwich with harvati cheese.  This is honestly the BEST beef sandwich I have had in Madison.  (Technically they are in Middleton, but this  sandwich made up for the distance.)  The harvati cheese provided a nice flavor pop to the sandwich.  The bread was also well chosen.  It was on a soft roll, not too chewy.  My big complaint?  The au jus.  It was SO salty.  It was pretty much inedible.  Luckily, the sandwich did not need the extra moisture.  I upgraded for $1.50 to the garlic parmesan fries.  They were delicious!  The fries were crisp, hot and nicely seasoned.  They came covered with fresh parmesan flakes.  Absolutely delicious.  The aioli that came with the fries was good.  Not great.  It was creamy and a little sweet.  The fries stood alone but it would have been nice to have something with a more savory flavor.I paired my lunch with a beer from Ale Asylum Hefeweizen.  The beer and cocktail menu was pretty expansive.  I wish I had tried a house cocktail rather than the beer.  It was just ok.  I definitely plan on going back soon.  We ate on the patio, which is gorgeous and nicely covered.  Whether you want something shady or sunny, you can find it.
2	I was looking forward to trying the Free House Pub and was disappointed.The positives:  a very attractive interior, well lite with several large screen TVs.  The bar has a large selection of beers and full alcohol service.The negatives:  slow and inconsistent service.  When you walked in the sign said to wait to be seated and a young man, standing over near the bar kind of just stares at you for a minute before you realize he is the host and you need to speak to him (because he was not approaching us).  We got our menu quickly (we sat at a high top in the bar) but the waitress never came back.  Luckily a bartender noticed the lack of service and came over for our drink order (and food because we had read the menu about 5 times).  The food was not to our liking.  The chicken tenders were food service quality and something I would expect at a dive bar at 1 am.  The roasted turkey sandwich was not turkey roasted on site like the menu indicated, but process turkey slices.I see no reason to go back.  I can get a less expensive beer at many places.  I know where to get the best burger in Middleton.  PJ Alders has much much better tenders.  And I rate largely on service and honestly, both of which were substandard here.
4	My husband, his brother and I went out to The Free House for the first time a few weeks ago.  We requested to sit on the patio and were told it would be a half hour wait, but were seated within 10 minutes.  We all ordered a beer from their impressive beer list. I'm a sucker for a place with a lot of local beers, and The Free House has quite a selection.My brother-in-law and I shared an order of cheese curds, which were very good - great flavor and not too greasy.  For dinner I opted for the Pressed Pesto Sandwich.  It was very good, but it didn't seem all that different than something I might make myself at home.  I think the big turn-off for me was the bread. According to the menu, it is served with "whole sprouted wheat bread" from the Angelic Bakehouse, but honestly, it kind of seemed like they just ran out and grabbed a loaf of bread from the local supermarket. It was pretty much no different than your average piece of toast. I think I would have liked it better had they used another type of bread.  I am not a fry person at all, in fact, I usually don't eat fries, but the parmesan garlic fries that came with my sandwich were incredible. I ate every last one.  Both my husband and his brother were also fond of their meals.The night we were there, there was a performance by The No Name String Band which was really fun! I had a nice time sitting outside, listening to the music, and visiting.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgable about the beers and the food.  It was a great experience, and I look forward to going back!
4	Great beer (I had the Krombacher Piilsener) & great atmosphere.  Sitting at the bar and salivating over their whisky selection made me wish I could take a cab home! Haven't eaten there yet, but when I do, I suspect I might change my review to 5 stars!
4	We traveled up North for the day, National Mustard Day in Middleton....decided to have lunch and was pleasantly surprised at The Free House Pub. We had pretty good service, would like to have had water refill on a more regular basis since it was pretty hot out and we sat on the patio.  But, on the whole the service was friendly and prompt with food..Had the Black Bean & Edamame Salad which was light, refreshing and a great lunch.  My husband had the Black & Blue burger and said it was one of the best he's had..Our son ate quesadilla's and like them...big and cheesy!  Great beer and wine selections and if your a whiskey drinker...you'll be in heaven!  Will definitely  visit again!!
4	Visited this place twice while in town on holiday. The food is excellent. The seared tuna was perfect, not over-cooked. Less one star because they were unable to process a credit card for me to purchase a gift-card without me being present.
4	The best Fine Whiskey list in all of the madison area, gotta specifically ask for the list tho, off the chain!
4	My second visit I had the BLT - although I swapped out the bacon for a piece of cheese. It was excellent...a much better sandwich than the one I had on my first visit!
2	Twas Sunday night and we met a couple of friends for dinner and drinks at FHP on a recommendation.  Our experience left much to be desired. Everyone had something to complain about.  They had a beer list which included a couple of beers that weren't available.  No big deal, it happens.  The waiter took our food order while half of our drink order had not yet been served.  We thought OK, well he's definitely not an experienced server, let's cut him some slack.  He told us the soup of the day was Beer Cheese Brat. The soup he delivered had carrots and chicken.  We asked if there were supposed to be chicken and carrots in the Beer Cheese Brat soup. He said it was definitely Beer Cheese soup.  When the bill came he later apologized and said that it was in fact Chicken Pot Pie. Besides the crappy careless service, the food was incredibly meh.  We ordered the smothered fries as an app.  It was fries with cheese and a few crumbles of bacon.  Extremely underwhelming for a $10 appetizer. My girlfriend's Ahi Tuna sandwhich was gross.  They forewarned us that the tuna was cooked rare.  Totally cool, thanks for the heads up.  The sandwich was served less than lukewarm.  Gross.  It was served on a dry flakey bun.  It was disgusting.  I had the Hawaiian BBQ wrap.  All you could taste was the vinegar slaw which made up over half of the over priced, under portioned wrap.  My friend loved his buffalo chicken salad. Everyone agreed that the place was overpriced and definitely didn't deliver. If it was located anywhere besides a rich suburb it would fail miserably.  I gave it 2 stars because of a decent beer selection.  None of us will be going back.
4	I really enjoyed my first experience at the Free House Pub and am looking forward to a second visit. To start, the atmosphere is charmingly quaint. The building and patio are old stone with vines inching across the exterior. A guitarist and wooden flute player sat on the outdoor patio and entertained guests with lively irish music. All of this really made for a low-key, rustic- almost old world- feel to the place. The patio was busy for a Monday night, I don't think there were any empty tables after we sat down, though it wasn't loud and it didn't feel cramped. I was inside briefly, as we ate on the patio. The interior had a warm and inviting feel- dark walls, dark wood, dimmed lights with pub style tables. The food was very good, as far as pub-fare goes. I ordered the Black Bean and Edamame salad. The ingredients tasted extremely fresh and the dressing was light and flavorful. My two friends ordered the ABLT, and the Honey Ham and Sharp Cheddar Sandwich. Both were impressed with their sandwiches. Both were made on quality breads with artisan cheeses, and had large portions. The cocktails were average. I had an old fashioned and it was nothing special.  They have a long drink menu with a wide-range of beers, and a few wines. Next time I will probably stick to their beer menu. I will definitely come back for a casual, inexpensive dinner with friends.
4	I really liked the garlic parmesan fries...I substituted the regular fries for those.  I thought I'd still get the small amount with my wrap and salad, however, I didn't get the salad and got a larger than expected amount of fries.  I took them home to my dog which he loved!  The Hawaiian Barbeque Chicken Wrap was tasty.  I returned 3 days later and had the buffalo chicken salad, again...tasty!  I may come here more and more often if I can afford it.  A portion of the sandwiches are about 9, but the average plate here is about $12 for lunch.
4	Had my first visit at Free House a couple of weeks ago and just now have time to write a review. First lets talk about about the ambiance, very spacious, live music (not a band, but a fiddler and banjo type) which in my book was great, tons of big screens, and low lighting which i enjoy for a casual dinner. We had a party of 3 and opted to sit at the bar, we came just to check it out, grab a couple drinks and maybe some apps. For my first round i got a whiskey sour, nothing to be impressed about but wasn't terrible either, the other 2 got beers they've never had, they liked them. 2nd round i got a chocolate stout, which i throughly enjoyed. Now onto food, we got the sweet potato fries with smoked ketchup, im not a huge ketchup fan to begin with but even i liked it! We also got the parm fries with lemon aoli sauce VERY GOOD sauce, the fries were cooked perfectly also, not soggie or too crunchy. I wanted to try something different so i ordered us the deviled eggs, because how often do you see that on a menu?? I really liked them, i mean it's hard to mess up a deviled egg but all the extras they put on it were great, fresh cooked bacon, sirracha, and chives! I would totally recommend them. The reason why im only giving a 4 is, the bartender (also are server) was kind of a crab, wasn't friendly, didn't care to give us recommendations, through our food and menus down, didn't come to check on us, seemed to be only focused on a couple of women at the opposite end of the bar, but hey we all have those days i guess. We'll probably come back for an actual meal but would probably sit at a table next time.
