4	Clockwork Pizza has the best pizza I have had in Tempe.  The sauce has an interesting flavor to it and they do not overload the pizza with too much cheese like some other local places.  I moved here from New Jersey in August and the Clockwork Pizza guys are also from New Jersey.  I will definitely be getting pizza from Clockwork exclusively now.  They have a small storefront, but are great for take out and delivery.
4	I actually have to credit my boyfriend for this place...we had some ok pizza when first moving to town, and I was less than excited to try another random place.  We came from the East Coast, so the boy was real excited to come across these guys.  They left a doorknob hanger on our condo door, so I guess some marketing tactics do work...This is the only pizza we get now, and on top of the great tasting 'za they honor the coupons over and over again.....We'll be back for more!
5	The only pizza I've eaten prior to this regularly  is nasty chain pizza so keep that in mind when I say this is the best pizza I've ever had thus far. I'm not quite sure what to name the style other than f'in amazing. Having alot of cheese on it, I expected it to be rather greasy but surprisingly it wasn't really greasy at all. While the pepperonis were a little greasy, it's definitely acceptable when they appear to be really fresh (you'll notice the deep red color too). You'd really just have to try it yourself because it's so much more different than what's readily available out here. The wings too, my god, are amazing as well. Even though a place like buffalo wild wings is known simply for their wings, they can't compare with Clockwork's meaty and well sauced wings. Whatever fat is on the wing is minimal and doesn't impede the enjoyment at all. There's just enough sauce to be able to dip your wing in the little puddles in the box. Only downside: just one ranch per 10 wings. Then again, I had no problem enjoying the wings by themselves.Food aside, the employees (which I think are all family, or at least closely connected) are all very nice. When waiting outside for my pizza, one of the employees brought my food out to me and wished me a good night. The environment is very nice for what appears to be a low-traffic strip mall. LCD TV on the wall for the table inside and a few tables outside. Clean and neat sums it up well. The taste alone has kept me coming back since I started with them just a week ago thanks to an ad on my door (who would have thought that stuff worked ha), but the prices slaughter the chain pizza shops, especially once you factor in quality of food.
4	Gyro Wrap, Pepperoni Pizza, Medium Buffalo Wings, Pendulum White Pizza, Chicken Wrap.All very tasty, delivered fast. Not my favorite style crust, not really thin, not really thick, not crisp and crusty - just kind of generic. The toppings were very good as was the sauce.The wings are a variation on the traditional seasoning, and seem to have more black pepper content. Still very tasty.Too much lettuce for me on the wraps, but the meat and dressings were good.My spouse enjoyed the white pizza very much.
4	One thing is truly lacking here.... It's 2010 people, get a website!With 2/3 of all new food service establishments closing in the first 3 years it would suck if your demise was solely because people couldn't find your menu online. Lots of people want to support local small business but they must be given the tools to do so. Hope to see your website up soon.Oh, yeah..... Great Pie for the $.....cheap cheap.
3	I ordered the lunch special which is 2 slices (BIG) of pizza and a drink for $4.99 (Great price in my opinion). The pizza was good but it was a lil greasy. The workers were nice and easy going. Overall it was ok. I went back for a second time and tried the calzone. Got to be honest it did not blow my socks off. I was looking forward to a great calzone and it just did not do it for me. Most likely I will not be going back, there are just better places to get pizza.
4	What can I say? I've been having their food for a year now.I keep ordering, and they keep delivering solid good food!The food isn't "WOW!", but for consistency, value and customer service they are great!
5	Holy, delicious!! Clockwork is better than the chains, and just as cheap.  Plus, they offer a wide selection of salads, gyros, sandwiches and pizzas.  My one true love is the Pendulum Clock White Pizza with ricotta cheese, mozzarella, fresh garlic, tomato and spinach.  Feel like eating pizza on Easter or Xmas?  I did.  And they were open.
4	Probably some of the best pizza you can get around town.  Locally owned.  Friendly staff, who remember my name.  The prices are very good.  I liked the pizza from the previous owners, but the new owners have taken it up a notch.  They deliver, but I always pick up.
1	Terrible pizza.....ordered it to go and it stunk up my car.....strong smell of yeast......just really nasty stuff, really bready doughy crust even after I asked it "well done"....am going to throw the rest of this crap out for the birds to eat...if they will?  No toppings for the birds - this place cheated me on those too.....don't go there!
2	I've been evaluating businesses for more than 30 years. What I received a few minutes ago, in a delivery, falls into 1 of 2 categories:1. The business is failing.2. The business is destined to failThere are too many good competitors in the pizza business to cut corners and expect to survive. We ordered 2 pies. One a meat lovers and one a vegetarian. WHAT TOPPINGS? Geez!  A few token crumbs. Very slim and wholly disappointing. Nice staff, poor product.
3	We love Clockwork Pizza! This is not gourmet pizza but it is pretty good for delivery. They have great prices and great toppings! Very friendly too.
1	Ordered take out and the service was fast.  We received our food warm and the cheese was still melting.  We ordered from this place because of the special they had: large 2 topping, 10 wings and a 2 liter.We liked the taste of the pepperoni and the sausage was good too.That's where the good review ends.  The bread was like cardboard, the sauce and the cheese didn't stand out with flavor and the top was greasy.  Our wings were Medium flavor and had no special flavors that stood out either.  Even the ranch dressing was thick and needed some ranch flavor!Sorry, this place made us a little sick that night, not our favorite among local pizza joints.
5	My husband and I hadn't found a place that put gryo on their pizza in about 10 years..Then we found clockwork and we gave it a try. The pizza is amazing and if you get a chance try out the calzonesWe've tried calzones from other resturants in the past and they never really are that great- clockwork though they have great calzones and the build your own calzone(Your Zone Calzone) is great if you add in Gryo, green peppers and onions. It's by far the best calzone I've had in a long time.
1	Crust was dry, sauce was bland, wings were burned. Not NY style as advertised. Delivery was fast, that is the only compliment I have. I won't be ordering from there again.
4	Clockwork Pizza did a fundraiser for our high school football team.  They were great helping us raise funds, pizza is good, affordable, and staff friendly.
4	Pretty good delivery pizza.  I like that you can order and pay online (and tip online too).  It makes it so much easier!
5	Clockwork's pizza isn't our favorite, but it will do when we want it fast and pizza isn't our main objective.  The wings are truly the best in the area, gyros are great, greek salad is phenomenal, the buffalo chicken sub and garlic knots take me back to my east coast college days.  Delivery is fast and order is always right.
4	We have ordered pizza, wings, and salads from Godfather Pizza four times.  The food is always fresh, hot, and delicious.  The pizza and wings arrive hotter than any other pizza delivery service.  We love the signature Clockwork Pizza and the medium wings.So glad they're so close and deliver so quickly.  NOTE: There's a $3.00 delivery charge and the driver doesn't receive that...so tip your driver!
5	I've ordered from here about 6 times, and I love it! The gyro pizza is so yummy, oh and the garlic knots too! We usually do pick up and the customer service is great as well. I'll keep going here for sure!I have only one small complaint, I like dill but there is way too much in the taziki sauce.
5	Love love LOVE this place! The owner is always there, the staff is super friendly and the food is delish! We've been going there since they opened and are never disappointed! The owner is very personable and he even hooked me up with a free slice of cheesecake on my birthday.
3	For the price and the convenience, I would say this is a pretty good place! I got the garlic knots that smelled slightly better than they tasted (they were a little more bland than I expected, but otherwise good) and had a little more oil than necessary and a small Godfather clock pizza (which was all good, except the olives were a little off). I appreciated that the pizza came with a free side of ranch and all this together was just a little over $11 with tax.They have slice specials in-store, too, that look to be a pretty good deal. Mostly, nothing too terribly special to write home about. I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here, but I definitely would choose it over some of the other options in the area, especially now that Papa John's has decided that a few cents per pizza is too much to pay for health insurance for his employees.  I'm much happier supporting local anyway.
2	The delivery was super quick but the pizza was just okay.  Nothing special about it at all, but they do offer delivery later than most places in town.
5	Fast delivery. All our food arrived fresh and hot.the white pizza was some of the best my moms had. 10/10 on her scale.the garlic knots were large enough for an appetizer for the 3 of us.the BBQ chicken wings were crispy and slathered with thick sauce. They are definitely worth it.the meatball sub was very good too.we were really impressed and have a new favorite delivery restaurant!
4	I'm giving 4 stars because the delivery driver was very polite and the hot gyro pita was the bomb!!  Pizza was average, Little Caesar's $5 is better in my opinion.  But, LC doesn't deliver.  I did not like the wings.  They had no crispiness and I like wings a little crispy.  The bread-sticks were decent but again, LC has a better bread stick.  I would recommend the sandwiches here.  They are better than the pizzas!
2	I tried Clockworks Pizza a few weeks ago. The service was good, and the place was very clean. Not a lot room for people looking to dine in. The mistake I made was that I ordered a Gyro from a pizza place. The tzatziki sauce and pita was good, but the meat was extremely hot. I had to wait a good 10 minutes for it to cool off. The meat was a little rubbery and the edges of the gyro meat was a little hard. Probably heated it in the pizza oven?Anyway, not the worst ever. I would try it again, only Pizza next time.
1	Terrible service and even worse pizza.  The crust is chewy and the pizza is greasy.  Oh and did I mention that don't take their own coupons.  What a joke!  You can get much better pizza at just about any other pizza place in town for a better deal.
4	A better than average Pizza delivery business - It certainly beats out Domino's and the other national chains. The lunch specials in their shop are an amazing value too - good luck getting a seat though.
4	Owners take pride in their food and everything is alwasy fresh.  The place is clean and the food is reasonably priced. They have slices at the  ready and their lunch selection has a good variety to choose from.  I love the chicken salad...it's big enough for two, and the chicken marinade they use gives it a nice flavor.
5	I love the theme of this place other than the fact that it is not 24/7, I think the clock stops at like 11 pm here. The Buffalo Chicken and Godfather Clock are a different story though, my household tends to accumulate clockwork boxes once in a while especially during sporting events. We even had the "time out" lets call clockwork laugh and proceeded to order over $100 of Alarm Clocks and Mousse Cakes... this is the best hidden gem in Tempe for doorstep pizza days.
5	I love Clockwork.  I think the pizza is awesome, speedy delivery, and cheap!  I'll take them any day over any of the chains.
2	Clockwork is just an average pizza joint.  I'm a big fan of crusts, and Clockwork's crust is probably the blandest of the bland.  Tastes like water and flour.  As far as the ingredients, I've had three of their pizzas.  Simply pepperoni, a Green Pepper, Onion, and Sausage, and their BBQ Chicken pizza.  Firstly, the pepperoni.  As far as their sauce and cheese, it was more or less on the bland side, but the pepperoni was nice and crisp on the edges.  It's kind of hard to screw up a pepperoni.  So the pepperoni wasn't so bad.Next, the sausage, onion, and green pepper.  My take on their sausage; buy something else.  It's awful rubbery cheap little globules.  If I had a recommendation for the owner;  get like the progressive privately owned pizza places in the valley and buy from the Schreiner's.   Otherwise, if you're not buying quality you're wasting your customers time.  In terms of the BBQ chicken pizza, I definitely stress the quality of cooking this correctly, because Clockwork isn't.  First, I don't know if it was because of the cook that night or what, but the dough was not done, pretty much ruining the whole thing.  The BBQ was too sweet, and the chicken to top it off was cheap and had lots of cartiledge.  I think that if Clockwork started buying more quality ingredients they would be a better than average joint, but there are numerous factors holding them back.
5	Always great food, delivery always reasonable.  Great pizza joint.
5	So this is what happens when i am flying on a plane from the west coast to the east coast. I write reviews on different restaurants i have been to. So first thing first, i have been there about 5 or 6 times and every time they are very friendly and always cut down the price because they always have some kind of deals going on. I remember about 3 months ago i ordered 4 large pizzas and the lady who took my order gave me the best deal for only 34 bucks. I mean come on dude you are getting HALAL chicken pizza in Tempe for so cheap. So all jokes aside i would recommend the pizza to anyone because they are pretty good. I mean i can understand that once in a while they might have a faulty product but every time i have ordered they have been good.
4	It's definitely not our favorite, but Clockwork sure beats those nasty chains (think Dominos, Pizza Hut, Little Caesars) when we're thinking, "Yeah, it's pizza and wine night!" And for about the same price! Discovered this place when we moved to Chandler last year. Someone stuffed coupons in our door.Haven't tried delivery, but it's close enough to our house to drive down the street and pick up. Everyone we've encountered in the store has been incredibly friendly. Love the Greek Gyro Pizza. Plenty of Gyro meat and fresh vegetables for toppings.   It even comes with a side of tzatziki sauce! The Godfather Clock Pizza is also good; just your classic combination pizza. Glad to have Clockwork nearby!
5	There pizza is really good, I love their buffalo and BBQ chicken Pizza's. I'm heard that their sandwiches are pretty good, so I plan on trying that next time. The only thing is that they only have halal grilled chicken and nothing else is halal,  so hopefully they'll be adding some more halal options and I think they should be open 24 hours. The owner and employees are really nice too.
5	CALZONIE!! I love clock work pizza! me and my co-worker have Fri-zone day where we eat a calzone every fri. A large calzone for $9 feeds us both and we are more than stuffed and normally have a piece or two to give out. Word of advice ask for extra butter and garlic on top and it will be perfect!top it off with a piece of chocolate moose cakewham bamperfect combo for an amazing Friday lunch
4	Good pizza at a good price and great wings! We always get delivery and have never been disappointed.
5	Clockwork is one of my top 2 pizza places.  The other one is so expensive that I'm probably done with those other guys.  Clockwork has good, fair and reasonable prices, and I've never felt ripped off when I get my food.  FYI I never shop Domino's, Pizza Butt or any other chains.  They suck.MY MENU SUGGESTION: They first hooked me with their Pendulum Clock WHITE PIZZA.  It's scary how good it tastes (I leave off the spinach), and it's guilty of making me CHUBBY for pete's sake!  Ought to have a warning sticker about that potential on the pizzas, and maybe the calzones too.When a pizza joint turns you into a Muffin Top then you have a serious dilemma: do I share my delicious discovery, or do I keep silent to save the world from more Muffin Tops?So...what would YOU do?!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! That is totally true! Their pizza is awesome and so is their customer service. We have never had a bad meal here. We always have special requests and no one ever groans or acts like we are a pain. Orders are always right-food is yummers. Their pizza is great but so are their sandwiches. Their salads are always made fresh. Hubby loves the chicken parmesan-says it is as good as the fancy places serve but it is half the price here. We have lots of pizza places near us but this is the best! Five stars and more...and the best part is they are open late every night for those late night cravings!
4	Good stuff. The pies are always hot and fresh, and the sandwiches are big, filling, and tasty. Delivery is always much faster than estimated (I order via Eat24, FWIW) and is always accurate.
2	Poor quality. Ordered meat lovers' pizza and BBQ chicken wings. Took 40+ minutes and the crust was soggy and the chicken wings weren't even juicy. Definitely wouldn't order from here again.
4	Overall a great local pizza! The workers were really friendly and the pizza was flavorful with a really good crust. It struck that perfect soft/crispy balance.They have some really great specials so be sure to ask!
4	Awesome pizza and awesome food .  I've eaten there many times. They are close by to my office so we order them in frequently.
4	First time ordering from Clockwork. I didn't even know they were there!I'm a foodie - there's no question about it... and this girl likes her pizza. What I don't like is the crap that's served by the plethora of chain places. I absolutely won't dignify those places with business. When it comes to "the best" pizza, yeah, Chris Bianco, Spinatos, La Piazza etc. are all "best", but they don't make sense most nights of the week. Enter Clockwork. I will definitely order from them again.The lady who answered the phone was friendly and helpful. She said the pizza would be there "as soon as possible..." and we got it almost exactly an hour later, which was a little disappointing. What was delivered was a very tasty, well put together pizza. We had the "Godfather". Peppers, onions, mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni. It was a great pizza at a great price... again, we will definitely be ordering from Clockwork again.
5	I just moved to the area 3 days ago, I have now eaten at Clockwork twice. The first time I had their slice, salad & drink special for $5. Tonight I ordered a large calzone. First let me start by saying, I am from Chicago, so I would consider myself a pizza aficionado. Their pizza was the best I have had in the 4 years I have been in AZ, hands down. It's a thin crust, sliced NY style. The "side" salad is a nice size with a generous amount of toppings. Every bite was more than just lettuce. Tonight I had the large deluxe calzone for $10, it's a monsterous size and enough for 3 meals. They slice it into strips so you can eat it without utensils. (Which was nice for me since I have no idea what box my silverware is in!) It was also extremely delicious. Overall, the food is outstanding and the portion sizes are generous, great value for the money. I will be eating there alot!!
4	Overall a great pizza! The workers were very friendly, We orderd BBQ (Halal) Chicken Pizza  and one vegi pizza bother were really good. It struck that perfect soft/crispy balance.The Frech friyes were really good my kids liked it. I will definetly go again.
