5	I love abercrombie shirts and jackets and it smells good in there, my bf looks good in the clothing too.
2	Store is clean, greeters are always nice and pleasant, but when it comes to the dressing room, it's terrible! It's always as if I have to beg to try on clothes. The attendant is almost never there, and when they are, they're in the corner not paying attention to customers walking in and out. Rep had her phone bulging in her back pocket, which is tacky in my opinion. There were about 5 people working out on the floor and one on the register. So while I had to witness one representative ring up all these guys clothes and then spend 10 minutes taking off the security tags I just dropped my clothes and walked away.
3	This is a tricky review to write.  Frankly, most of the clothes aren't my style.  It's sorta young kid chic, and I'm long past being a young kid (and their idea of chic would look ridiculous on me).  However, for ladies (and teens) they seem to have more to offer.  Both my wife and daughter always seem to find "cute" things here.One thing of note is the perfume in this place.  It's worst by the front entrance.  Oppressive.  Makes me cough (though other people don't seem to mind).  I just hold my breath until I'm past the first room (there are three or four connected rooms going back on the left and three or four more returning on the right side of the store).  It's really obnoxious, in my opinion.I also think it's pricey.  You can get good deals on sale merchandise.  But their regular prices are kinda steep, especially when a lot of their clothes are "distressed" (a fancy way of saying "when I was a kid my mom would have tossed those pants in the trash").  If they already have holes and tatter then they aren't going to last as long as clothes that don't have such.  Again, in my opinion.
2	Love the clothes,hate the staff! I'm sorry but something goes wrong every single time I come here. Today, brought 5 items to the counter, came home with 4. And that was from the kiddy mgr who had to take over because the rest had never seen a check before. After his 10 minutes of flubbing and absolutely ignoring anything I asked him he finally rang it up. Grrrr I hate having to go back.
