3	I've been to Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes and was disappointed with the salad bar variety at Souper Salad (only about half the selection of Sweet Tomatoes). Also, several items had run out and were not refilled. Perhaps it wasn't the best idea to go at 3pm, when the restaurant was pretty much empty. But still! I would expect the items to be fresh and stocked.I gave it an extra star for the value, since I did use a buy-one-get-one-free coupon! I would go back, but only when there are more people next time.
4	SouperSalad has become one of the best lunch choice options for me for a multitude of reasons outside of it being conveniently close to work.Up at the counter you can grab a special vegan or gluten free menu to carry around with you as you build your salad or pour your soup. It seems pretty obvious with salad, but sometimes you don't know... especially when it comes to salad dressing or toppings.I have eaten here a ton of times, but the new office trend is getting the salad to go. A HUGE container for just salad comes with two small containers for dressing and a bag for bread. $3.99. You WILL be full. If you want the whole chabang (salad, soup, and potatoes) it's $5.99.Join the email club and they send you coupons all the time. It's great when a bunch of us from the office go.We also ordered one of their fruit platters for a work party and it was awesome. For $13.99 we got a huge plate full of various fresh fruits, and they even included serving spoons! They are generally friendly, but slow as death... so that is the reason I am docking a star.
3	I've now visited all of the Souper Salads in the Valley, & like this one a little less than some of the others only because of the seating arrangement.  I like a booth along a wall or high divider, preferably in a corner.  Here they have booths, but they are out in the middle of the room, & then there are small tables along the walls.  Same excellent food & very low prices as the other locations, though.     :-))
3	another rabbit food buffet !!! But as usual Souper Salad does it fairly good. I liked the potato salad with the skin on. soups were good , thats where the meat is. And of coarse i will have to mention the strawberry shortcake i built on a large plate yumm yumm , I am usually between three and four stars on these salad buffets but drop down to three because of the meat factor. If i was a rabbit they would get five stars .
1	I have been going to this location for awhile and either this place has went downhill or my expectations are way higher. Let me first say it is a Sunday night so it is really dead, of course. The salad bar is just boring, you get an iceberg mix, wilted spinach, a pre-made soggy caesar, and a small bagged mixed greens. There are all the normal veggies, celery, peppers, carrots, you know. The soups were atrocious looking, I tried the lentil veggie and it tasted like a cleaner, blech! I had a baked potato which wasnot completely cooked right with some margarine and sour cream that looks like it was sitting out too long. The breads were hard and bland. Everything was just meh. The state of the place is pretty bad. The carpet is stained and ripped. The booth seats are all ripped, mine was so messed up that i was sitting about shoulder height to the table, the same height as my kids on the other side. The tables were not bussed promptly, Ours wasnt bussed the whole time we were there and I hate sitting with my old buffet dishes while eating my new one. The waitress and another cook went outside to smoke and everyone was looking around for them. A guy was spraying the sneeze guard with cleaner, that can't be good, the spray most likey got on the food, hence the cleaner tasting soup. It was just an uncomfortable experience, I felt ill after leaving.
3	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
