1	We came here for my birthday - a friend planned it all out.  I was extremely disappointed.  We never tried any food, but the service - well, that's what I guess I have to call it was non-existent.  The drink prices were high for the quality and the size.  The staff was unfriendly to downright rude.  Granted, about 20 or so people came out for my birthday, but it was a calm group, and the staff should have been easily able to cover us.  People in my group were even clearly overcharged, and staff was not accommodating or gracious, even when they admitted it was their mistake. The inside was seedy, but not in a fun, dive bar way.  The layout was awkward, and their excuse for a patio WAY too small for the size of the bar.  Their name is accurate, the Dirty Drummer was just that - dirty - and I won't be back.
2	I've heard when better waitresses are there, service is better, but if you go on the night she isn't there, service sucks.
3	Went out tonight for some Karaoke with my husband and friends.  This place isn't far from home but not easy to find.  It's located on Elliot and not Arizona Ave.  First time we drove right past it.  The place is set up awkwardly and if you have any fat on you the booths are uncomfortable to sit in.  The waitresses were good.  I believe I saw a total of three of them to run two rooms.  That's a lot of area to cover for just three people, especially on a busy Saturday night. I tried the Philly Cheese steak and well it was very well made and very tasty for bar food.  The fries were over cooked and the drinks are small.  I had a margarita too and it was very good.  I gave The Dirty Drummer three stars because I had an okay experience there but my sandwich was made just the way I like them.  I could have easily eaten another one but thought better of it. I believe if they rearranged the place and put a little work into it they could be a lot better then they are now.
4	Last week a friend said the Dirty Drummer has a Wednesday special; it's a hamburger with normal toppings for $2.50 that was good! I said no way a burger for $2.50 that's good? So we went as a group last night and had some burgers! Let me tell you that burger was good & tasty!  They are a good size and cooked to order and the toppings where fresh!  You can add cheese to it if you like, but that will cost you .75 cents, I had swiss, oh it was delish! Service was great, making sure our cups where filled and not lacking in anything. Also they have great drink specials too! I had a burger & 2 rums & cokes for $7.50! Where else can you get that?  Kinda left me wondering what the other days of the week's specials are?
1	CS, wow. Really hit them hard.I don't really disagree, cause I will never recommend this place or ever go back. There was a Dennis guy there who was a total turn off, I hope he doesn't own the place, but he did act like he did. Our Service was very old school, like where they did not care about you. They also didn't look happy to be there. News Flash, change your life.We were hungry, and that was the first place we saw, so we dipped in. Big mistake, it could of been the beginning of a horror movie.Next time Native New Yorker or Buffalo Wild Wings.
2	Yes it WAS a dump. Surprisingly it's closed lol
