5	I do not love excercising.  I do not like crunches, I do not enjoy lifting weights AND I do not like looking the way I am currently looking.  So I have decided that I need to hire someone to get me to work on my body.Day one: weighed and messured my body. It was as bad as I thought.  Chris, the instructor that night was respectful, encouraging and reminded me how to correctly do each of the exercises as to avoid hurting myself or causing myself to pass out.  It was tough and I hoped it would end. Then I got my second wind and decided that the body reflected back in the mirror is going to change and I am there to make that change.  That most of the good things in my life have been painful to achieve...college degree, my wedding plans, my children, saving for my house, etc. And that each cost me something, time, money, loss of "fun" and that if I can do it for those things I can do it for ME!I gave them 5 stars, one for clean, nice facility, one for not measuring my body fat, one for Shannon and Chris's enthusiasum, and 2 for keeping me motiviated during my workout when I wanted to do a half ass job on those last crunches.
5	I lost 4.5 lbs this week.  I can not beleive it.  I have worked hard both during my work outs and staying on an eating plan that is realistic.Hurray for veggies.  They have helped me continue to eat without being hungry so I could stay in line with my calorie goals, with 1 little slip here.The Physix's team has worked me hard.  Yesterday I was had to look at a wall to do squwats.  I felt so silly and kept banging my head. (Of course last week I could probably only do one squwat before I would fall on my butt)  And I can not stand that bar bell lift Chris forced on us. My arms hurt when I was done. It isa miracle that I did not roll accross the floor with the heel-toe-ball walk.  OMG balance is not something that comes easy.  The music is a good, the trainers are encouraging, and the other woman in my group are just like me.  Now can I travel this weekend and stay on plan...hummmm
5	I am down 5.5 lbs!  I even went on vacation and lost weight.  I worked out  last night with Physix. Chris didn't kick my butt tonight except for the reverse sit ups!!! I did get a good work out and my husband said my attitude is better! Who knew taking care of your self would make you happier?!I am looking forward to tomorrow night!  Lets lose some more weight and build up those abs!
5	So we have all been on a diet, been encouraged to keep a food log or journal.  But how often have you thought who looks at this thing. Who knows if I really have a bad day and eat 1/2 a bag of potato chips, or an ice cream sundae?Well at Physix LLC, Shannon does.  She pays attention to what you eat, total protein, carbs, fats, etc.  So I had a bad day this week, went over on my carbs, dropped my protein to make up for eating that  1/2 bag of Baked Lays!  At least they were baked.  So now this weight watchers drop out is going to continue on the path to healthier choices, look at what causes the "bad" day and enjoy my pants fitting better.  No more top button "tucked in" for me.So thanks Shannon for paying attention to my food choices, for having empathy to those who did not see the scale move this week even though they made good food choices. I personally lost 1/2 pound.  Down 6 in 3 weeks, it took years to gain, it is going to take some time to loose it!
5	Last night we had a cheerleader as well as a trainer.  Shannon cheered us on as we rode the bicycle at one of the stations. I personally think there may have been an air conditioning cool spot there, but hey, staying cool and cheering us on. Works for me.As for my wieght loss, lets just say my mufin top was missing yesterday morning and today's capre's I couldn't wear last month.Physix LLC is where it is at even if they work you till you sweat!
5	I started with Physix just over a year ago, in that year I have lost over 70 lbs.  Shannon, the owner of Physix, has been my trainer and she has been able to understand what would worked for me and what did not.  As a result, she has kept me focused and energized.  She does not yell or preach to you, what she does do is help you understand about nutrition and exercise.  If you are looking for someone to help you lose weight, increase endurance, and start eating better then I can only recommend Physix!!
5	I meet my first personal goal, well actually my second.  The first was that I dropped a size! Yes a size. I have found clothes that I couldn't wear a year ago that actual button and look good!When I started I had two pairs of pants that fit. I was about to go buy new clothes size 18. Not a happy moment.  Then I decided that I had an entire wardrobe in good condition so I buckled down and got back into the 16's.  But that was easy. It was getting into the 14's that is making me smile.See the scale isn't moving the way I think it should, but that lousy saying muscle weighs more then fat, so I am looking at the scale but focusing on the shorts that last year didn't zip up and the summer before the pockets puckered.Thanks for support, encouraging me to change the types of food, more protein, less carbs and those hidden fats. Great workouts.  I even like kettle bells, who would have thought that two months ago?
5	I've always been a fairly active guy, but in the past ten+ years, with age, the job and two young kids, I started to notice I'm becoming more and more a couch potato, And close to forty pounds overweight. My wife joined Physix a few months ago, and she has lost over twenty pounds, is down almost three sizes, and looks and feels fantastic. With her encouragement, and because I'd like to see my kids graduate twenty years from now, I bit the bullet, and joined Physix. I am SO glad I did.I've joined gyms before, but nothing like this. The instructors are fantastic, and really know their stuff about both diet and exercise. They will help you set and achieve your goals, without trying to pressure you into buying all their "stuff".  There are all types of clients there, from all different age groups and fitness levels, so even with me being both a newcomer and out of shape I still felt welcome. They come up with different group workouts to keep it challenging, interesting and fun. They are great at designing exercises that  target areas to help build up your core, loose weight and get back in shape. After a workout there I really feel the difference. I couldn't have picked a better gym, or group of people to work out with.My plan is to loose the weight, start jogging and get back into mountain bike riding. With Physix I have no doubt I will have the support to meet those goals, and maybe even set more.
5	You join a weight loss program or gym to get back into shape or lose weight, but does it really work?  This one does!   If you read my earlier reveiws I talk about size 18 clothes and wanting to wear the 16's I had in the closet.  Well those size 16's I was happy to get into do not  fit anymore. Neither do the size 14's.  In 6 months I have lost 35.5 pounds and now wear a size 12.  In 6 months I have dropped 4 sizes.  The program is challenging and geared to your level.  The guidance and feedback are awesome. I love the reports you get.  I also appreciate the trainers listening to the areas I need help in.  Now, I even run. I ran my first half marathon in November (bucket list item) and now I am looking for races that fit into my busy schedule.  See I have 2 toddlers and own my own business.  So if you are looking a a program that works, with reporting, trained professionals that coach, motivate and guide you this is the place to be.
5	I discovered this place through Shannon Sorrels' column in the Ahwatukee Foothills News. Reading it, two things came to mind:1. "Whoa! This lady is SNARKY, no BS approach to health and fitness . . .  and I liiiikkkke it! I'm surprised the AFN EdBoard even RUNS this!"2. I want to see if this is the real deal (not just hype) and try some workouts. I check out the website, and signed up for the free week trial - well, more like, I took two classes because I was in the middle of re-locating to my new home in Chandler.Now I'm kicking myself wishing I had saved it for this week. :( $150/month is a little pricey for me (I graduated from college two years ago, and just getting started in my career - gotta love them bills! And my current gym works with my budget.) - But the day I can afford it, I - WILL - be moving over to this gym. With the certification Shannon and her staff have (NSCA =  the hardest to obtain, and they aren't the joke personal trainers running around LA Fitness, etc), I KNOW it will be a worthwhile investment. I was a NCAA Division I Track and Field athlete, and by no means a lazy person. Fitness is a huge part of my life still; I'm trying to avoid becoming a couch potato and overweight like many athletes do post-college. With that, I know what an assbeating of a workout looks like. The circuit Shannon put us through was definitely a "Come to Jesus" moment on some levels! Safe to say, no hype. Check it out! :)
5	If you seriously want to lose weight and become healthy and strong, this is the place to be.  I signed up not too long ago and love it.  You get small group training and personal attention. The staff here really does care about you, will encourage you and yes, push you. Shannon is amazing,  and Shauna is a powerhouse! The whole crew will challenge you and cause you to feel strong and young.   Go for it, it's the real deal!!!  (I've already lost weight and it's been 3 weeks.)ALSO, Shannon has written a great book called "Then Just Stay Fat"....it has fantastic reviews on Amazon.Okay, I got my husband to sign up and he loves it.  He has done exactly what the program says to do, he works out, follows his nutrition guide and has lost 15 lbs in three weeks.  This is the place!!!!!
5	So I came back and gave Physix another go in August/September 2012. After committing to giving hammer throwing another four years, working out 6 days a week with my Coach, this time it was only for the nutrition side of the equation. At this point, I was coping wtih surgically induced hypothyroidism. Throw in my first years in good ol' Corporate 'Merica, being severely overweight for my 5'4" frame (and for once muscle mass wasn't the culprit) - So it was especially important to look at this. Shannon Sorrels and I sat down and discussed what my goals are in regard to throwing and weight loss. I set a goal of losing 34 pounds. Seeing my starting weight was horrifying, and thankfully the last time I'd ever have to see it. You keep a food log to hold yourself accountable and see exactly how many calories, carbs, fat, protein you're consuming. Hah, yeah right. But Physix uses a wonderful nutrition and weight loss support company called DotFit (check it out - www.dotfit.com). Shannon will review your logs weekly and send you a screencast as she goes through it. You read that correctly. Accountability at its finest, baby! No more hiding that mid-afternoon Starbucks run, Friday night wine orgy or PMS gelato attack. Prior to having thyroid surgery, I never paid any mind to counting calories. Weight gain was never a serious problem for me as an athlete. Also thought it was bogus and a great path to developing an eating disorder.Well, this just in: Restricting calories at or below what you need to run your body WORKS. Simple math, simple Physics. Please don't drop that starvation mode line, because that's the world's biggest lie. Eating more won't activate weight loss. Hah, activate . . . During my 21-day trial, I actually lost four pounds in my first week. The weight is coming off slowly, but I'm learning to be patient and stay the course no matter how glacial the process is. See, a whacked out thyroid is beyond my control. What I shove my face with is firmly within my control. I can't rely on the intense daily workouts from Coach Hanrahan to completely take the excess weight off. Since July 13, 2012 (before my trial) I've lost a total of 30 pounds - 23 of them from the program Shannon started for me. The proof is in the picture attached to this review - they're exactly a year apart! I'm now 11 pounds away from my goal. Looking forward to not only a slimmer figure, but increased speed in the hammer ring! Almost to that "19 year-old-Meagan weight" and feeling daaaammmnnnnnnn good about it!Wish I could have continued working with Shannon as the accountability was a huge piece for me. She genuinely wants to see her clients succeed, a rare quality in personal trainers these days. But, at the end of the day, my hammer coach is the only one I can afford to pay. If you truly want to change your lifestyle forever, how you view food and not just lose the weight - RUN, do NOT walk to Physix! An education about what works is what's important, and that's what I took away from my experience.Go to www.AZPhysix.com and add yourself to the newsletter for the 21-day free trial. You will not regret it.
5	I've been an active member at Physix for over a year now. It's changed my life! I've lost the extra weight, and I'm in better shape now than ever before. The staff really know their stuff, they can evaluate your needs to match your goals, and personally work with you to meet them. I've met an amazing group of people and made some great friends. This place is awesome, if you are ready for a change, this is the place to do it!
5	Bottom line. This place works for me and a lot of other people. A great combination of hard work, common sense, motivating coaches, and fellow customers who really help you achieve significant goals.I can't say enough good things about Physix. It changed my life. I have tried other small gyms, and a few big gyms. I just could not stay on the plan or their plan didn't fit me.  At physics it is our plan, and it is a plan that works. Because weight control for me is more about how much I eat than anything, they have helped me change my relationship with food. I still enjoy cooking and eating, I just don't eat as much, swapping quality for quantity.The community at Physix is its best asset. The fellow members are supportive, fun, and understanding.  I have never felt embarrassed or ashamed while at Physix.  That environment has encouraged me to try things I never thought I would do - like running, Yoga, and even Zoomba.If you have not found your "home" for exercise and devleoping reasonable eating habits, Physix is the place for you.
1	I'm only giving one start because there is no option for zero stars.  When I started at Physix I was in a position where I could afford the high monthly costs but a few months later my unforseen debt was racking up and I was having a hard time paying my bills.  I called and talked to the owned about the hard time I was going through and she didn't care.  She kept talking about my commitment.  I believe that I had a more important commitment....paying my MORTGAGE.  And yes, the membership is expensive, I shouldn't have done it in the first place.  I am looking at filing bankruptcy and they still don't care.  So by all means, sign up with Physix.  They REALLY care about people and their well being.....NOT!!!   They just want your $200 per month and don't care about their clients or what's going on in their life.  I told Shannon, the owner I was having a hard time paying my bills and unforeseen debt that accumulated and she only talked about her contract.  What really matters to Physix?!
5	Physix has been great for my whole family.  I really enjoy the circuit training classes with Shannon and Susan.  For circuit training classes, they usually have 10 to 12 stations set up with a variety of exercises that work different parts of your body.  We do 2-3 rounds of the stations with some in between breaks for cardio exercises.   I am currently 7 months pregnant, and they have been great about modifying the workouts for me too as I am limited in what I can do right now.They also participate in a lot of 5k, 10k, and half marathons which you can sign up for.  They almost always have a decent sized group attending runs, and it is nice to have people you know there.My father had weight issues for years and this has been the only thing that has worked for him.   He went from taking many pills a day for diabetes to 1 pill a day, and he has lost 50 lbs and kept it off for over a year now.  My family is so thrilled.  Their work out program is great for those who struggle with weight issues, and they also help with diet.  My mom also attends and has never had a weight issue, but it has been a great workout program for her to stay fit as well.  I am also recommending it to all my girl friends as I think they will really enjoy it, and it is easy for them to attend with their fluctuating schedules as they are mostly young moms and business professionals.So whatever your fitness goals are, I think Physix is a great place for you.  You can just drop in for a class with no reservations if you have a busy schedule, and the price is really reasonable too.  Give them a try!  I don't think you will regret it.  I highly recommend Shannon too if you can catch one of her classes.
