5	I love this place...1. Jack knows his business2. He can do any clothing/fabric you need customized3. Screenprint, embroidery, stitched letters, everything4. I can order from out of state and he'll ship it to me5. He's fast6. You can bring in your own piece of clothing or fabric7. They've got all the sorority/fraternity gifts; waterbottles, keychains, tote bags, etc. in one spot
5	If you're in a fraternity or sorority at UNLV, this is the best place to purchase Greek letter swag to show off your pride. University Connection is located right across UNLV off of Maryland Parkway and it is easy to get to by walking.It can get a little pricey, especially if you are purchasing multiple shirts with fancier colors/styles for your letters, but it is all worth it. A tip for women purchasing shirts - the shirts run big so if you're normally a medium, go for small. If you're purchasing a V-neck shirt as well, the smaller letters fit better on women than the regular sized ones do. Both of these are explained when you go in to order shirts, but it's a good reminder.It doesn't take long for an order to come in, usually a few days or less, and the owner will text you to let you know when to come in.
5	I just love the owner if this place. Super honest, sincere, and he really values his customers. I ordered shirts for a club at school, and he hooked us up big time! If you want school shirts. Greek ware, or anything else printed, this place is the best place in town. Honesty and reliability! My French club is so happy!Shalom my brother!
5	It's no secret to Greek Life in Las Vegas what University Connection is. Actually, we know it better as "Jack's" because we all know that an excellent businessman named Jack owns the place. He's really personable and funny; he also knows his customers by name! And his customers definitely love him! It is a place that specializes in Greek merchandise & custom Greek letter shirts!! It is the only place in Las Vegas that I know of that officially sells a ton of Greek letter products. He can take care of basically anything customizable on a shirt that you want! Even if you want to make your own shirt with your own fabrics! He does have his own website so others can order merchandise and get it shipped to them if they don't live in LV! The only thing is that buying can get a bit expensive. But anyone who is Greek, knows: LETTERS ARE WORTH IT! Even other letters that I have bought online don't compare to Jack's! Clearly, when you're Greek, this is the place to be!
