2	Lothian Road is one the the major street in Edinburgh and if you're visiting, one you will almost inevtiably end up walking along. This road runs from the east end of Princes Street South East to Tollcross. At its top lies the famous Sheraton Grand hotel, at the bottom is the every scruffy but charming Tollcross with the still impressive Methodist Church Hall.Lothian Road really is a concentration of cultural venues. It houses not only the Usher Hall, Lyceum Theatre the Traverse Theatre but also the Cameo and Filmhouse independent cinemas. If this was all Lothian road contained it would be a truly remarkable street. Unfortunetly it has a seedier side. And next to these cultural hotspots are several strip joints, sauna rooms, and seedy bars. This really only becomes a problem in the evening at night, but even during the day Lothian Road seems to attract an intimidating crowd. Having said this, from what I hear it has improved in recent years. Lothian Road also suffers from heavy traffic and often road works. It can be a bit off putting. It's hard to know whether to rate Lothian Road 2 or 3 starts. It's high end cultural venues steer me toward a good review, but I can't ignore the slimey drunk men out having a good evening of female degradation, that I always see hanging around. Perhaps the trend will continue and Lothian Road will improve even more. Let's hope so because it has even more potential.
4	When one gets to know Edinburgh, one also gets to know Lothian Road. It is one of the main streets in the city and is always buzzing with activity. Lothian Road is home to a number of my favourite independent cinemas including the Cameo and the Filmhouse. Great places to go to see films which aren't in the mainstream. On top of this, Lothian Road is also home to a number of great night club and gig venues including the HMV Picturehouse and Usher Hall. However, if you're not into your culture you can also shop in the many independent and charity shops. However, as has already been mentioned in past reviews, at night the 'saunas' and lap dancing clubs do open and yes, Lothian Road reveals it's seedier side. Another downside of Lothian Road is that it is one of the busiest roads in Edinburgh. However, apart from these two points, Lothian Road always has a great vibe, and offers a wide range of things to do!
2	I would normally rather not walk home on Lothian Road at night, not for my own safety, but because I'm not fan of dodging people trying to bottle each other. Lothian Road's also full of chains and strip bars. I mean, nothing against a strip bar, but if I had the choice, I'd rather walk through a park than walk by a strip bar where drunk men have been enjoying themselves more than necessary. I mean, you're not going to be able to ever avoid Lothian Road and it's not the worst place on earth, but there are definitely better parts of Edinburgh. It'll lead you straight down to the West-End, and is one of the routes you might take to the Farmer's Market on a Saturday. It's also the home of the Odeon and the Filmhouse.
4	Lothian Road has it all:- Superdrug (Good for toiletries, chocolate and make up)- Ali's Cave (Good for wool, stationery, and everything you never knew you even needed)- Poundstretcher (V.similar to Ali's Cave, but in my opinion not quite as good)- Hanging Bat (Good for beer and delicious hotdogs)- Strippers (Good to see naked ladies)- Sauna (Good for...)- Yummy Tori (Good for Japanese food)- Odeon (OK for films)- Red Squirrel (Great for burgers)- Festival Square (Great for watching TV on a HUGE screen)- Money Shop (Good for currency)- Freshcut (Great for soup, paninis, sandwiches etc.)- Paper Tiger (Great for gifts and cards)- AND much, much more!!What more do you need on a road?
3	What can I say about this road that already hasn't been said. I suppose it's a smorgasbord of everything in the city. It's got pubs, coffee shops, thrift shops, butchers, cheese and fish mongers, even seedy strip clubs, and just about anything else you can think of. Also connected to it are the side roads at lead throughout the city to places . If you got time take a walk on this road and you will find some hidden gems.
