5	I HIGHLY recommend this shop. I did some research (as you are doing now) before I took our vehicles over here for work. One of the reviews I read was from a guy that actually lived in another state and brought his vehicles here when visiting on business. just for routine maintenance. Wow!! That said a lot right there. So...I had work done on 2 VEHICLES, simultaneously, and they were BOTH done the same day. Michael is one of the last HONEST mechanics left. He explains, in detail, the work that needs to be done, and seems to shop around for the best price on the part that he needs to fix your car. He treats you like a person, instead of a job number or a price. He also took the time to talk to me enough to know what work I was willing/capable of doing myself to save me some money...and even described some of the steps to help me out. I mean, who does that?? He took money out his own pocket, right then and there, just to be a nice guy and hope to have a loyal customer. Well, he succeeded. Michael's Auto Repair has a customer for life! Anyway, long story short, DON'T TAKE YOUR CAR ANYWHERE ELSE!!!
5	I highly recommend this place. I appreciate the effort and work Michael puts in for his customers. He could have turned me away but he did not, instead he stayed late to work on my a/c and made sure to update me every step of the way. The price was unbelievably fair!!!! I was shocked. I am so grateful and appreciative to Michael himself because he showed he cared and was considerate. I received a recommendation from a family friend and couldn't be more impressed. Michael definitely seems like the trustworthy, respectful man. Again, this is a recommendation. Just be kind and call if you plan to come close to closing. (Will be doing next time) :)
5	After just one visit to Michael's Auto Repair for broken window regulator  convinced me I'll never take my car anyplace else!!!  Service was awesome.  Cost was extremely reasonable after getting two  other estimates.  Had been told by another  shop that  my brakes needed repair.  Michael personally checked them (no cost to me)  and assured me they'd be fine til Spring.  Friends recommended him to me, and I  would highly recommend his repair shop to anyone needing  auto repair.   So glad I finally found an auto repair shop I can trust!!  Thanks Michael!!!
5	I found Michaels about 3 years ago, excellent work great prices and he's really honest that is important. You will need to make an appointment because now he's pretty busy, but he can always fit you in in an emergency.
5	Michael has been the best mechanic in the valley for years. He is always honest, shows you what the problem is, and fixs it in a timely manner. I've been going to him over 3 years now. Anytime my car breaks down, I know if I get it to Michael's it will be fixed. By far I recommend this place to everyone!!!
