4	This location has a listening problem. A "Super Supreme" pizza somehow got turned into a cheese pizza. And if you order pizza rolls for the kids they like to forget the marinara sauce. Even for corporate pizza to satisfy the kids this location needs to work on a few fundamentals such as listening and proper order entry. At least when they mess up they will own up to it. 2 pizzas and pizza rolls for $7 is kinda nice.Edit: This location will make Buffalo Chicken Pizza which is an off-menu item. And they made it without fuss. Even though they messed up the order, the fact they made it and tried to make the order right warrants the star rating in our book.
1	I ordered a pizza dinner deal online for $10 plus delivery and I the guy that brought me the pizza was a jerk to me and wouldn't take my quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies and he said u are a wasted of my time and I said we'll give me corporate number and the guy asked why and I said we'll if u not going to take my money then maybe u should get fired and he said ok and he took my money and said I'm the manger and next time don't do this shit and I recorded the whole thing. I called corporate and they are sending me $100 Giftcard plus 4 medium pizza coupons for free. I WILL NEVER DO BUSSINESS WITH THIS PIZZA HUT EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!
5	Seems weird to review a Pizza Hut...because, well...it's Pizza Hut.  But I've gotten delivery three times in the last month or so and felt like it was deserving of a rating at least.  I love the convenience of online ordering.  We always customize our pizzas and each time they have been 100% correct and cooked perfectly.  Also, the pizza (and wings, breadsticks, etc) have been HOT and the 2 liters are COLD - seems like a no-brainer, but not too many delivery places have that down.  The delivery folks are super friendly (even in the presence of my yapping little wiener dog) and every time they have delivered on time or early.  We did take-out a while back too, and the folks in the store were awesome.For a national chain (pizza no less) where your success is based mostly on low prices and location, I have to say the customer service here is turned up a notch.  It's now our go-to place for cheap pizza delivery (oh and it really tastes pretty good too!)
2	I haven't ordered from pizza hut in months, but saw the commercial for cheesy bacon stuffed crust and thought I'd give it a try. The service was good and delivery arrived in a timely manner. My order was correct, but the food was disgusting. Cheesesticks were very overcooked and dry. (These are usually amazing when cooked correctly.) Pizza was also overcooked and lukewarm upon arrival. My kids wouldn't even eat it! I won't be wasting my money here again.
4	Really loved their pizza. After ready reviews, we were doubtful regarding it, but it was super delicious. Perfectly thin, crispy and lot of veggies. The guy put lot of spinach over it, which i never had earlier. Feeling happy after having super tasty pizza.
4	My pizza was just right! Pan tossed, original sauce, cheese, black olives, and red onion. It was done on time and ready for pick up. I had to wait a little bit for someone to come from the back, but it wasn't really a problem, I will order from here in the future.
