5	After having a traumatic experience with my stylist of over 2 years I finally found my new spot. Ben did my haircut and Jessica did my color.. I couldn't have come out of this salon more pleased. WELL worth the money. I expected a somewhat stuffy atmosphere but everyone was EXTREMELY personable and very kind. FInally my search for a new stylist has ended...
5	Vidal Sassoon has given me the best haircuts of my life! I've tried to find comparable stylists and they just don't exist. Unless I can find someone trained from Vidal Sassoon working at a different salon, I'll always be disappointed. I started getting my hair cut at the Vidal Sassoon Academy in Santa Monica, CA (where they teach stylists how to cut and color). That in and of itself made me a firm believer in the magic they can create. Every time I'd leave the salon I'd get numerous comments on how good my hair looked. I always felt like a million bucks. When I moved to Arizona I tired a couple of well-known salons before settling back with Vidal Sassoon. No other salon compares. It's well worth the money for the cut, and trust me, forking over $80 just for a cut and tip doesn't come easily to me! It took a lot of disappointment with other stylists to come to the conclusion that they're worth the money. After going to the Academy for years (and paying next to nothing) for cuts and colors, I listened to the instructors teach students how to cut. First, the actual way the hair is cut is different than other schools; this is the main reason why their cuts are FAR superior in my opinion. You can tell by the way your hair feels and moves when you leave the salon. This may sound silly but it feels like it's a part of your body and not just an extension of it. That's the best way I can describe it. In fact, I've found their cuts look better the less styling you do to them.Plus, they're long lasting, and don't require you to come back every 2 months. The stylists have said I could wait 3 months to get it re-cut, and possibly make it last 4. They weren't joking. That saves money and when you break it down, the price is comparable to most nicer salons. I've found one of the truest tests of a good haircut is how well it grows out. Any cut can look good the first month (if styled properly and colored well) but only a FANTASTIC cut comes out looking good 2 months down the road without any styling or blow drying. If you can get it to look great 3 or 4 months down the road? Well that's beyond belief in my opinion. I'm adventurous with my cuts, and they love that. They're not afraid to cut your hair in an extreme fashion if that's what you want. They're also very good about sticking to your original plan for your hair and not diverting you away from your idea (and thus having it come out being exactly the opposite of what you want). Even if you're not adventuresome, they are good at accommodating The staff is excellent, very nice and helpful. I get my hair done by Mark, I highly recommend him!
4	After going to Toni & Guy (which is a crapshoot), Carsten (they make you stand to get your haircut..WTF?) and Atmosphere..I ended up at Vidal.. after all their motto is "If you don't look good,we don't look good" How could I go wrong right? Most expensive haircut Ive ever had ($77) but let me tell you Mark is worth it. I LOVE him. Such a great cut i don't have to go back for months! Only drawback is it's departmentalized..meaning one person does cut and someone else does color. I had my color done once and never again. I wanted to cover the ever emerging grays and she did for the day! The next day the color was gone???My dream would be find a salon with both an amazing stylist and colorist and have them be one person! But until then Im loyal to Mark.
5	I had my hair cut by Mark at Vidal Sassoon yesterday, and I'm so pleased with how easy my hair is to manage today that I'm yelping. I've had many experiences where my hair will look good right after a cut, but when I style it myself later everything goes to hell. Not this time, my cowlick has been tamed. It's like magic!The haircut experience itself was excellent. Vidal has a very pleasant and comfortable atmosphere, and Mark took his time with the cut. I feel that a proper haircut should take some time and thought, and that's exactly what I got here. Highly recommended!
5	Okay so I bitched that I wanted a salon that does both cut and color. I went to Root, ended up with damaged hair..(see separate review) and I went to Main Attraction and ended up with "Texas Hair" (see separate review). Well its about that time to go back to short and sassy and well trusting someone to do that is a much bigger trust than trusting someone to trim. So without a second thought I returned to Mark because there is just no one I trust more and no one I have found even close to comparable. I ended up not going as short as I had prepared myself to but nonetheless he turned me from blah to sassy with his magical skills. Mark rocks the scissors like no other. No one can compare, he is a true wizard. Trust me when I say there are a lot of salons out there that are overhyped for mediocre service. This salon is the perfect example of practice what you preach.. "If you don't look good, we don't look good".P.S. The girl that colored my hair in my previous review.. is no longer at Vidal..
5	I have been going to Sasson Salon for over a year now and I cannot say enough great things about the salon and the staff.  The front desk is always so helpful and I love their style.  Ben Ko has literally saved my life when it comes to my crazy thick curly hair.  I have had many "curly hair experts" cut my hair but no one can even come close to taking my crazy mane to totally tame like Ben.  I used to go home to wash and style my own hair after my cut because I always looked like a news anchor or soccer mom!  Both are not the looks I was going for.  When I leave Ben at Sassoon, I feel like I am ready to go out.  It also does not hurt that Ben is totally great to talk to and has such a great personality.  Ben's cuts have actually inspired me to grow my hair out.  MORE-  Tara, sweet Tara. I totally look forward to seeing her each time.  I am always throwing new looks at her to try because I like to change it up.  Tara does it happily and looks at it like a challenge.  She always exceeds my expectations and I would recommend her to anyone.
5	BAM! You've just landed on the Yelp page for the flyest salon in the galaxy- SASSOON SALON in Scottsdale Arizona! Congrats my friend. Your life-long search for the perfect salon is over. You finally found it. Believe me, once you step foot in this place it's gonna be game over! LOVE AT FIRST CUT! You're gonna want to marry this joint... Look, I'm not claiming to be a hair expert like Ken Paves or something, but I am claiming that if you were to bump into Ken Paves right after getting your hair cut and styled from Sassoon Salon, he would be like, "Daaang! Your hair looks amazing! I hope Oprah doesn't see you!" All joking aside, I've been going to Sassoon Salon for well over a year now and it's been nothing but a great experience. The entire staff is incredibly nice and professional, and my stylist BEN KO always does his best to make my hair look it's very best. I highly recommend him. Not only is he an amazingly diverse and talented stylist, but he's also a great conversationalist. I can honestly say Sassoon Salon is the finest salon I've ever been to and Ben Ko is the finest stylist I've ever had the pleasure to meet. Now, I know some of you are wondering what makes a Sassoon cut superior to another high-end cut. In my opinion it's mainly three things. First, everyone at the salon is trained at the highest level. I mean think about it, if Sassoon Academy is considered by many to be the top hair stylist school then it only makes sense that Sassoon Salon would also be a cut above the rest. Second, a Sassoon stylist tailors each and every cut to their individual client. They do this by studying the specific hair characteristics, facial features, and the particular style of their client. In doing so they create haircuts that are tailored to 'fit' the individual. Third, Sassoon stylists cut hair with a level of technique and precision that is unmatched by any other stylist. They literally cut hair differently than other stylists and because of this a Sassoon cut looks better, lasts longer, and requires less fuss than any other type of cut. So, if all this sounds good to you, then do yourself a favor and book your next hair appointment with my stylist BEN KO. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. Especially, if you're into flossing sum ridiculously awesome hair! ;)
1	ok ok ok iam a hair stylist..right..i went into this salon..come on ITS VIDAL SASSOON! If your gunna pay a hundred dollars a haircut//thoose front desk girls better dress in tip top shape...they were regular same ol day to day clothes i imagend eveyone dressing classy all black business i went into the salon and the girl with the red hair at the front desk looked at me like i was a piece of trash that fell on thier front desk.she was so rude and thought she was the shit ..u work front desk...ur lucky u have a job i dnt think two people should be working front desk ..when there is two people getting thier haircut.........i felt so uncomfortable ..this place plays annoying techno music and looks like a robots vagina !!!!! its was boring and lame and there were two stylist cutting hair and they looked so boring..and not enjoying thier job...they had way to many assistants running around getting paid when there was really..two people getting thier haircut...if u like super trendy rat tail hair go here this salon gives vidal sassoon a bad name ...just saying  as a hair stylist i allways like to see how it is on the other end in the chair instead of behind it i wanted to run out crying SUCH A DISSAPOINTMENT!!!!
5	Excellent hair salon.  These guys are serious professionals, they have the best training and technique that I've encountered from the Bay area, Portland, to here in AZ.  I highly recommend Sophie as a stylist - I love her work, and I always get huge compliments from friends each time I leave her chair.  Did I mention that she is extremely precise in her cutting technique, her cuts last a really long time, and that she is also an incredibly nice person?
2	I was totally razzed about trying out Sasson Salon due to all the great reviews. I've been living here in AZ for about 4 years and searching for the perfect cut and had yet to experience it. Or when I did, her schedule didn't jive with mine.So I gave them a try and was booked with Ronoldo. My appointment was one of the last ones of the day and it was pretty much emptying out when I arrived. He was cutting someone's hair  when I arrived. I'm fine with waiting around, but half an hour later passed and I was still waiting! After half an hour I had my hair washed and he came over for a minute to see what kind of cut I was interested in. I think he assumed since I had a picture of my kids on my phone that I was okay not being at home and it was a break away and made a comment that implied that. Heck yeah, I appreciate a break from home but waiting around for half an hour isn't exactly relaxing!Anyways, I told him what I liked. My hair at that time was cut pretty decent. I could air dry and have nice wavy, beachy curls and look pretty good if I don't say so myself! I told him I liked my hair like it was now and if he could trim it up that was fine, and I offered him the opportunity to suggest if he could think of another style for me, and he didn't really answer. I also told him that when I didn't wear my hair like this I liked to flat iron it. My hair is super thick so it's easy for me to look like Cousin It when I want to!Anyways, all said and done and 1 1/2 hour later I came out looking like I had a mom hair cut. It was neither wavy curly nor flat ironed like I liked. (I think he called it a wrap style? Just blow drying and wrapping the hair around my scallp to straighten it out)  In the end I felt like it was the end of his day and he was ready to head out and he could care less.I had read some reviews out here about how they considered not only how your hair looks that day but how it would looks in a month or two when it grows out. Unfortunately I still hate it 2 months later. I like the salon but maybe not the stylists work. Looks like Ben's the way to go next time...Or to just find a new salon!
5	I have been going to Sassoon Salon for 3 years, and I have never in my life gotten so many constant compliments on my hair. At Vidal Sassoon, cutting and coloring hair is a detailed science that produces a cut completely distinguishable and superior to other salons.  I have referred friends to Sassoon, and without them even telling me whether they've gone or not, once I see their new hair and confidence I know at once it was Sassoon.  There are trademark techniques that Sassoon stylists use to cut and color hair, and boy does it make a HUGE difference! In addition to this, the stylists and colorists work together to create complete looks for each client so that the style and color compliment each other and compliment YOU.Vidal Sassoon is simply in a league of its own. For example, a couple years ago I was at a fashion event where they hired a big-name salon professional to do free haircuts for anyone who needed an updated look.  He called to me from across the room but I tried to ignore him because I didn't want anyone touching my hair but the folks at Sassoon.  Turns out, he just wanted to tell me how great my hair looked and when I told him I wend to Vidal Sassoon, he said he could tell by the way it was cut and colored.  See, even other stylists know how excellent Sassoon is!MARK is my stylist and he is spectacular! His talent and eye for fashion allows him to tailor a cut designed just for you, your bone structure, hair texture, personal style, and how it will look as is grows out.  I have seen him do excellent cuts on both men and women, from edgy and vogue to chic and sophisticated, his cuts are always precise and always flattering.  I usually just go in and tell him to have fun and be creative with my hair. The results are consistently amazing and I know I can always count on him. I made my roommate see him and smiled ear to ear every time someone complimented her hair. Also, if I had a boyfriend, I would totally make him go to Mark.  He can give some pretty studly looking cuts, trust me. You can't get THAT at a barber shop. GO SEE HIM!TARA colors my hair, and she is fantastic! I have platinum blonde hair but it is naturally dark blonde, and it takes a really good colorist to get a platinum blonde that looks this great. Even when my dark roots are starting to show, people still ask me if platinum is my natural color. That's how good it looks.  On top of that, my hair is healthy! Bleaching your hair as much as I need to to maintain this color can take its toll, but she knows just the right way to have the assistants rinse, shampoo, treat and condition your hair so that it's still silky smooth.  Sometimes I tell her to have some fun and be creative, so she'll put in a panel or two of other colors that always compliment my lovely cut from Mark. GO SEE HER!This place is so top notch, I was actually joking today that, if I ever move away, I might have to limit  my options to places that have a Vidal Sassoon Salon...it's that good.
5	Okay...who here sometimes wonders if maybe some of these reviews are written by the company or person themselves? Maybe I'm just a pessimist when it comes to life! My husband wouldn't argue that. I'll be honest, I thought that some of these reviews fell into that category. That is until I actually had my haircut by Ben. The clouds parted, a rainbow magically appeared and the sun shined brightly. I could even hear the birds chirping their lovely songs. Okay, I kid. Well, the sun was shining pretty damn bright now that I think of it....But I was really happy with my haircut with Ben. After my unsavory review, I had a member of their customer relations team contact me and apologize for the not so great experience. In my eyes even that was greatly appreciated. She asked me to give them one more try and with Ben this time and I'm truly glad I did. I got kind of nervous beforehand. I wasn't sure if they were going to give me the stinkeye when I arrived or maybe take a razor to my head for giving a bad review. When I arrived though they were very gracious. I eyed Ronoldo across the room and averted my gaze and hoped I could be successfull in blending into the furniture so he wouldn't see me and shoot me daggers with his eyes. I made it to my chair and I saw him slowly come over with scissors in his hand. I closed my eyes, hoping maybe if I couldn't see him he wouldn't see me. He laid a gentle hand on my shoulder and apologized. We both agreed that perhaps it just wasn't a good fit for the both of us and everything seemed to be okay. Albiet a bit uncomfortable as i hate confrontation of any kind. But I'm paranoid like that. Anyways...onto the haircut. Ben was totally knowledgeable and easy to converse with. I asked him about a few different ideas and he gave me his honest opinion which I appreciated. I'd ask a few different questions about styling and he'd give easy to understand descriptions and examples which truly showed he knew what he was talking about!We had a bbq party the next day and I got TONS of compliments on my hair. I'm looking forward to my next haircut with Ben.
2	IT'LL TAKE MONTHS TO GROW BACK! :(I just moved to Scottsdale from San Francisco and am used to getting my hair cut at high end salons.  I don't have a lot of features I would say this about, but I have GREAT FREAKING HAIR. I have the kind of hair that most people would pay thousands of dollars putting in extensions to get. My husband calls it "Movie Star Hair."  Again, I am not bragging as it's the ONE feature about myself I love, but I want to let you know what they had to work with so you can understand why I left the salon nearly in tears.First, I'll give background that I was pregnant and waited to get my hair done until I was in the 3rd trimester just to be safe. Also, I had JUST finally grown my hair back to shoulder length after I decided last year to go short. FINALLY I had my thick, sexy siren hair back...I went in one day and saw Nicola, who did a fantastic job with my color. I had serious roots after waiting so many months and she took time to talk to me about my hair and how I wanted it done.  She has really thick hair like mine and understood how much color it takes to do it right. I've had colorists in the past that don't put in enough highlights, or make them too skinny, so they just get lost in all my hair, but she really did a fantastic job. I LOVED MY HAIR WHEN I LEFT NICOLA!!!  Better yet, my husband loved my hair. First thing he said when he came home was. "Wow! You look HOT!" If she can make him say that when I'm 8 months pregnant she's a genius! :)BUT THEN, I WENT IN FOR A CUT WITH BEN...I picked him because there are so many reviews on here that name him by name. I also had the mistaken idea that he was a creative director there, so it made sense the reviews named him by name.  Now I'm thinking maybe he just has a lot of friends who are helping him build his career with positive Yelp reviews...Anyway, the FIRST thing I said to him when I arrived was "I almost cancelled my haircut today because I LOVE my hair exactly the way it looks now!"  By that I meant, "don't do much to it!"  I usually bring a photo but didn't because my HEAD showed the way I wanted it to look. I told him "clean up the bottom, where there was some dry ends, thin it for some crown volume, clean up the bang line and "maybe put a little fringe or wisps around my face".  He asked me if I always wear my hair straight (Nicola straightened it the day before). I said "No, I sometimes air dry it wavy or put in big barrel curls with an iron. I told him that I normally have BIG hair. :)We sat down after my shampoo and he pulled out the scissors. He joked (I thought) "Time for hair to hit the floor!"  Then he parted the back and started snipping.  I saw several inches going onto the floor but thought he was just thinning out the bulk underneath and that my overall look wouldn't change much (Isn't that what I'd JUST told him?).  I will say that based on the way he held the scissors, he seems like a talented technician and is obviously well trained in cutting technique. That, combined with the fact i was at SASSOON and thought he was a director made me trust him more than I should have during the cut.  He is a very sweet guy, and we did get along great as he was snipping away (behind me where I couldn't tell exactly what he was up to).  He told me he'd finish cutting when the cut was dry, but when he dried my hair and I saw what he did I was in SHOCK. He had put in MAJOR layers, with one really thick one right at the widest part of my face, exactly the length I'd just spent a year growing my hair out from!!!  The only thing left of my original length was a really thin little amount hanging down from underneath all the layers.    He cut into it dry to blend some of the many layers but still they are not cohesive. Because my hair has natural curl they pop out at varying thicknesses and I will have to spend forever straightening to make it look decent.  I wanted to say "What in the WORLD have you done??"  How do you take thick, glorious hair, and give it a cut like this??  I think he removed at least 1/3 of my hair!  He gave me the kind of haircut that someone with thin, fine hair would get to make it LOOK like they had some volume.  It's kind of a choppy layered look that would look great on maybe a 20-something hipster admin, but is NOT my look at all. It takes a LOT to get my hair to look flat and lifeless, but this did it.  I got home and tried to play with it but there's not really much I can do. It is so short in the crown and sides that it won't even stay back in a pony tail or french twist now.  I spent $300 on my hair and don't even LIKE it. :(So, I give two stars because Nicola was so great. And, I think Ben is probably a talented cutter BUT needs to work on listening and asking questions, particularly before doing a drastic cut on someone's first visit.  I think he just had a cut in mind he was going to do regardless. I'll probably go back to this salon, but try a female cutter with more experience next
5	Do yourself and favor and go to Sasson if you want a professional style, cut and color. I was in town visiting and decided to try them and I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE my hair. What a difference it makes to your self esteem.Nicola colored my hair and Mei Lee cut and styled it. My husband loved it as well and even took a picture of me on his phone and sent it to everyone saying,"Look at my new girlfriend!"
1	Wow....reading these reviews is making me scratch my previously perfect-haired head and wondering what went wrong on my visit to Sassoon last week. It's like waking up in the morning and thinking "I didn't REALLY do that, did I"? and then going to the mirror and immediately getting that sinking feeling that I made a really bad mistake...except this one is going to show for months. I had been going to the Root and had perfect haircuts from Lauren, but had to cancel my appointment due to the Christmas rush and boy, do I regret it!In addition, I saw a gal while I was eating at Zingburger and she had the perfect haircut and perfect style for me. Rather that ask her if I could take some quick pictures with my phone camera, I decided to "go to the source" of her great haircut and style and booked an appointment with Tobias at Sassoon. BIG MISTAKE!My hair looks very choppy, and the sides are so thinned out that it feels like a good 50% of it is gone (onto the floor at Sassoon). The back is sorta cute but much shorter than I wanted and it doesn't blend at all with the sides. In fact, it looks like I have 3 haircuts plopped on my head and none of it makes sense. I had my Mom go with me and she just looked at it and said "the back is kind of cute" and my husband didn't say ANYTHING...until an hour later when he said "I told you to leave your hair alone for a couple of weeks...it looked great and now...."I honestly think it was the worst haircut I've had in 30 years, and unfortunately, it cannot be "fixed" until it grows out (Hello! LIke in 3 MONTHS)...This I will say, I like the vibe of the salon itself. And, everyone was very nice. However, as a previous client of Sassoon, I remember the days when EVERYONE walked out of the door looking like a million bucks with classic styles and precision cuts. I didn't view that this visit. A $92 haircut from the Sassoon's Assistant Salon Director should look a heck of a lot better than this...My friends that have seen my haircut all say the same thing: it doens't blend, it is choppy and it'll grow...
5	I have been meaning to write this review FOREVER since I believe I have found my hair savior for the last 3/4 years...(as well as various colorists, Tara, Katherine, and now Nicola, but I will get to that in a minute...) BEN KO has basically saved my life, hair-wise. I am afraid to move out of the state, fearing what would happen to my hair. Sounds extreme, but I am 100% serious. I came to him through friends, and before this, had tried probably every hair salon in the world, and NO ONE could tame the curly, frustrating mess that was my hair. It just always looked, well, really ridiculous. Partially perhaps because I didn't know how to deal with it, but mostly due to the fact that I would always walk out of a salon with "triangle head". (i wish I could draw on here...) So as a house model for BEN, we have tried various cuts, and every single time they turn out beyond fabulous...I fully trust him to do whatever he thinks best, and it always works and looks amazing. Not only is he vibrantly talented, enthusiastic, and personable, he really listens and CARES about how you feel and look, which I think is a rare quality. In my opinion, I could not have found a better stylist, or better salon for that matter Everyone at Sassoon Scottsdale has always been welcoming, fun and I look forward to my appts every time. As for colorists, I have had the fortunate experience of having Katherine, who is no longer there, but who was incredible, Tara, who is just as fantastic, and currently, Nicola, who I cant say enough good things about. She is also extraordinary in what she does, in every way. In essence, after this long ramble of an overdue review, I will be a loyalist to Sassoon, Ben, Nicola, and the whole team. I cant thank them enough for saving me from a life of bad hair and/or bad stylists.
1	I would like to give kudos to the salon for contacting me and attempting to correct my hair. I was going to take them up on it, but have decided to go where I know I will get my haircut (back to The Root) but I do appreciate their trying to make good on a bad haircut. Still, it's not for me and I will not return to Sassoon Salon.
5	I have lived in Phoenix since 1992, and the only salon I've used is Vidal Sassoon. I have thin, wavy, fine hair, which means that it can be hard to style. And it can be hard to find people who know how to work with all of these challenges.The Sassoon stylists are trained to work with your hair the way it is, making the most of your strengths. I've always been very happy with the cuts I get here. Not just the first day, but in the weeks after.For over 16 years, Ronaldo has been cutting my hair. He starts every appointment with an assessment, and always asks me how the last cut worked out. Sometimes, I ask him for new things, like cutting bangs, or growing out my bangs, and he always works with my hair to give me what I want. He takes the time to educate me about how to achieve the same look at home. If you are looking for a great salon, I heartily recommend Vidal Sassoon and Ronaldo. And if you have challenging hair like mine, it's even more important to have a stylist who understands your hair and works with it. Ronaldo is my beauty secret weapon!
4	this is a great salon to change your hair style!if you need a trim or your split ends cut, it is far too pricy!
1	I came in for a trim and was butchered. After coming home and showering I noticed that over half my hair was gone when requesting about a quarter off. Stylist insisted on cutting more off during my cut. Ive been in tears for days. $100 haircut total waste and a year of growth gone.  Stay away from this place. *read reviews below* same issues with many other people. I just wish I read some of these reviews before I went to this place.
5	Mark Carruth is one of the most amazing stylists.  if you have short hair, he is a master!  I tried a $40 haircut once during my 4 years with him, and I came running back. The cost is totally worth it and justifiable with the endless comments I receive on my haircut and easy of style.  LOVE Vidal
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! So much better than Sachi Salon! Nicola is awesome for color Ben is equally super for a cut!! Vidal has an exhaustive, very comprehensive apprentice program and stylists specialize in either color or cut - makes a difference! CANNOT SAY ENOUGH GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS SALON - LOVE!!!!!!!!
3	Stay tuned. I actually fly to Portland, OR to get my haircut, I'm so picky about who touches/cuts my hair. I don't mind spending the money, (I mean I pay to fly to Portland, OR for gosh sakes!) but I need someone who is KNOWS different types of hair, how it reflects the light, and how to cut it best--depending on the hair type- curly, wavy, thin, thick, you get the idea. Color and cut are completed by two different people. They were able to schedule me, last minute...so kudos. So far. Hair cut was done by the Salon Manager, it was fine. She even had me come back to do some fine tuning. Hair cut was solid.
1	It took my hair 2 hairstylists and 2 years after the botch job from the female manager  at this place.They ever had the color pouring into my ears and were annoyed when I was alarmed.Thank goodness I ran from there and have a great person now.Stay away !!!! Note I have been to Sassoon in 2 other cities with great results.
5	I have been going to Sassoon for a few years now and have always had ben cut my hair. I have thick and wavy hair and after reading the prior review I felt compelled to write my own. I like how ben layers my hair and it is long as well I feel like the weight that is removed  w the layers makes it much more manageable. My experience w ben is that he is usually  conservative about making changes and really explains the pros and cons of a new cut before jumping in. I always love my hair and have had all different kinds of long layered cuts w ben and he always manages to make it feel fresh and new. I guess everyone has their perspective but I've never loved my hair more or had a more manageable cut than since ben has been doing it!
5	Great experience - exactly what I was looking for and it came out better than expected. Would recommend Mark to anyone looking for a quality cut.
5	The colorist Brittany is amazing!!! GO to her! She is very smart and a total perfectionist.
5	I happened to be in Scottsdale and decided it was time to get a haircut.  I called Sassoon and was lucky to get an appointment with Mark.   It is the haircut I have been wanting for a long time!  We talked and discussed what he should do.  I agreed and am so pleased.  It was pricy but I will definitely be going back for my next haircut.
5	I have been going to Sassoon Salon every six weeks for over six years. Nathan does my color and Sophie my cut. I'm a redhead - a color that is difficult for many colorists to get right. Nathan's color is always perfect and beautiful. Very natural. Sophie listens to all my crazy ideas with great patience and always manages to turn out a cut that is just what I imagined.The best thing about Sassoon Salon is that staff isn't changing all the time. So you can really develop a relationship with a stylist who knows your preferences. And if for some reason your regular person is temporarily unavailable, they keep such good records that you can see someone else who can approximate the style you usually get.This is the best, most professional, lowest drama salon in town. You won't be disappointed!
5	Have used Vidal Sassoon salons for many years in San Francisco and Chicago when I lived in those cities and used the Scottsdale salon when visiting Phoenix from my home in Texas.  Yesterday at the Scottsdale salon, Mark gave me the best haircut EVER.  My hair is very fine and tends to be limp and flatten out after five minutes, but thanks to Mark's skill my new (very flattering) cut gives my hair "movement" and it seems thicker. I wash my hair daily and today the cut looks as good as when Mark  styled it. A quick shake and the cut falls miraculously back into place!  All the staff members were friendly and professional (as they have been on previous visits).  My only complaint is I don't have a Sassoon salon closer to home in the San Antonio area!Thank you, Mark!
5	Tobias is the best!!!!!!! He doesn't mess around and he has the talent and experience to create the look you want or give you the haircut you have been too scared to get!  He is a master stylist!!!! No one else will touch my straight hair!
5	I had an EXCELLENT experience at Sassoon!  I went it looking for a change and to thin out my hair.  I was very honest with my stylist (Jesika).  I told her I grew up with boys and do not know how to do much but do want to look good!  I told her I go to bed with it wet and wake up and go to work.  She gave me the perfect cut!  She layered the hair so it falls perfectly!  My hair looks great every day and all I do is brush it!!  Kuddos Jesika!
5	I just moved to Scottsdale from Chicago and was looking for a good hair stylist in the area. My sister recommended me Mark from Vidal Sassoon. I am very particular about my haircut since I have shorter hair so a it's a big deal for me! Mark listened very attentively to my wishes and gave artistic advice on a new style. I got one of the best haircuts in my life!  I keep getting compliments on my hair style every day!!! Mark is phenomenal! Seriously! My both sisters are very happy with him, and I am definitely bringing my mom there! :)) Mark just gained the whole "Lithuanian village"(as we call my family) as his clients! I highly recommend Mark if you want to look stylish and sexy! World class!
5	I had a first time appointment with Mark today. Great haircut, the best I've had in years. He really listened to me and spent a lot of time ensuring that my cut was perfect.
5	I've seen Jesika several times for cuts and couldn't be happier with her work. She has great style and I trust her completely. Karen, colorist, helped get my damaged hair back to a beautiful blonde today. I've had short hair most of my life and never feel satisfied after leaving a salon. I can honestly say I have never been so happy with my hair. I love these girls (and my hair!) and I can't recommend either of them enough. Thanks Karen and Jesika!!
5	Jesika and Karen are the dynamic duo!!  I am  OCD about my hair and it has taken me a long time to find stylists that know what they are doing. Jesika cuts hair like no other while Karen uses her color expertise to enhance a perfect cut!  I have never been so happy with both my cut and color before.  I highly recommend going to Vidal and seeing Jesika and Karen if you are in need of hair 911.
