5	Going away from the touristy spots of Montreal to eat is REALLY worth it! Casa Napoli is one great example. Although I was a bit confused at first as to which restuarant this was (we sat down at Casa Napoli but were given a menu for the bistro next door but then our server had a shirt that said Casa Napoli) who cares, the food was great!We started out with the eggplant parmigiana and although it took nearly 20 minutes to make (we were told it would take long so no unwanted surprises here) it was completely worth the wait. We had two veal dishes, one the stuffed veal and the other one I forget but they were both just mouthwateringly amazing given their simple nature. The pizza was also much better than what I expected, the roasted red peppers gave such a taste to the pizza, I was amazed.Midway through our eating, a performance started inside with a small band a singer and they really knew how to get the crowd into it with the classic Italian songs. Before long they had people getting up and dancing int he middle of the restaurant and it was a great addition to the great food. Can't say enough about the service either. If you're looking for a good Italian dinner, than go no further than Casa Napoli!
4	One of the great classic Italian restaurant in Montreal.
1	We went to the the bistro attached to Casa Napoli (next door). I remember coming here several years ago and loving the food. Not this time. There were few customers and the two wait staff seemed confused and stressed. The garlic bread they served before the meal was burnt and my wife's pasta included large chunks of prosciutto that were really tough, dark and unappealing. My own meal seemed tasty enough but not as I remembered it. Within an hour of eating I felt nauseous. I went on feeling nauseous and woke up feeling nauseous. It would take Chef Ramsay to figure out what has gone wrong in the kitchen. By the way, the price for two? 75 dollars.
5	One word... AMAZING! My family and I took a trip from our summer house in the Adirondack's to Montreal last summer. A hotel valet recommended this place to us. Fish soup is possibly the best soup i have ever had at any restaurant. All the food was good. Service was excellent however at times it felt as if the servers were hovering over you and the water glasses never were less than 3/4 full. Overall, Casa Napoli is an amazing restaurant. GO! You won't regret it.
4	My husband and I went to Montreal and we decided to try out an authentic Italian restaurant in Petite Italia (Little Italy) during our trip and we found this restaurant.We had a great time at this restaurant. Not only the food was nice and authentic but the ambiance was really good. They had a band playing good and pleasant music which we enjoyed.My husband ordered Linguine pescatore and I ordered risotto with asparagus and sun dried tomato. Both were tasty and the rice in the risotto was cooked in the perfect way (means not too soft). Tiramisu was one of the best I ever had with generous amount of Marsala wine.I loved this restaurant and really felt like I was eating in Italy.
4	I love the grotto-esque atmosphere, the old school service and the tiramisu is to die for. The meal was pretty decent and the risotto, even though it went straight to my hips, was fabulous. This place is real Montreal and the servers are not only super professional, but hilarious, I was in stitches my entire dinner (which hurt cause I was super full, ow!)
2	Outrageously priced wine list. Aging machos deliver a somewhat efficient but rough service. Food is slightly above average. Only bright spots were the tomato and asparagus risotto that I ordered, the fabulous greeter girl and the overall upbeat vibe of the place.
