5	I stumbled across this little shop in Old Town several months ago, and it has now become my favorite stop for gelato.  If you've never had gelato, it's Italian ice cream, with less air whipped into it and less cream than American ice cream.  The less cream part makes for a lower fat product (yeah!!), but you would never know it.  It is actually more dense and creamy than ice cream.  Where too soft ice cream seems to just drip and melt in a puddle, gelato gets a little gooey almost.  The shop is nothing fancy, but has superior gelato.   While there are some of the typical flavors you find in ice cream, there are many more interesting flavors like spumoni, tiramisu, green tea, limoncello and poppyseed, fresh ginger, and creme brulee to name only a few!  The shop also has a great selection of sorbetto (sorbet).  Try the blackberry cabernet for something unique. There is also a sandwich menu and Italian coffee served, although I've never had reason to buy a sandwich.  I'm there for the gelato baby!  This shop is on the edge of the shopping in Old Town so parking is usually not a problem either.  If you've never had gelato, try it at least once.  I'm pretty sure you'll be back.
5	Well just when I was about to take off a star or two for being unexpectedly closed what seems like every time I have tried to go lately, they were open today.  Still love their gelato over the other guys, especially the spumoni!
4	DenseRichCreamyIntenseComplexStrongButteryYes, those are all words that describe me...almost to a "T"...well, not creamy, really:)But these words also describe the gelato classico at Gelato Old Town (wow is that a name that needs help, or what? :-)Gelato Old Town (let's shorten that up a bit, shall we...GOT!) is hidden away under some hay bales, unsold sombreros, leftover turquoise and cowboy boots in a section of Old Town that I like to call "almost neverland" because I almost never go to there:)I should..it is close to the Mission, with their hilariously priced guac, and OTFM. I use to wander over more often when Pischke's was Pischke's, but not so much anymore (how many cowboy hats and "Scottsdale Rules!!" tee shirts does one man really need?).I hadn't been in to GOT in while and after lunch today (no, I made myself lunch, even though it is Taco Tuesday) I needed a little sweet treat and took myself out for a walk to GOT.They may have the densest gelato I've ever had...it took power tools to scoop it out of the bins and into the cup...and not just because they keep the gelato at appox. 0 degrees:)I test drove the strawberry, the butter caramel and the chocolate chip...all of them handmade/housemade and all of them winners:)I forked over $4.50 for the medium sized cup of chocolate chip...such an intense vanilla flavor, contrasted with flakes of intense dark chocolate...nicely done:)Unlike some of my treat expenditures, I didn't regret one red cent of this one!Sweet, but not too sweet, the flavors, the extreme coldness of the gelato all blended perfectly:)I wandered over to the park (my original destination...the gelato was a happy afterthought:) and sat in the shade by a fountain for while, savoring the warm afternoon and my delightful sweet treat:)Brave souvenir row in Old Town and give these guys a try...it will make you happy:)
3	A lot more pricey than Yogurtlands or Mojos... but hey, this is gelato. I don't eat it but my daughters do. And for them to WANT to bike ride three miles round trip just for some gelato... I think they should offer this incentive for PE classes around Scottsdale. LOLA great selection of flavors with a hip interior. Knowledgeable and helpful staff. The patio is nice but can get a little loud on weekends with the Harleys ripping by.
2	Did I miss the crappy service/attitude memo?I started out in a such a good mood!By 12:30, I'd already been grinding away on the gears of my life for almost 8 hours...including the sporty little run along the canal this morning...I needed a retox.I decided to head through the park to get to lunch today because...well...it's a beautiful day and it's a beautiful park...maybe get a gelato after lunch, for my sweet treat!Sadly, I was in a significantly less "good mood" when I got to GOT for my sweet treat (after a pedestrian/car altercation and a poorly served and unfortunate lunch)...in fact, you could say I had shifted to "cranky".GOT's door was locked (not the first time this happened when they are supposedly "open") and the woman behind the counter was yelling to me through the window to "come back in 30 minutes"...at lunch hour...on a warm spring afternoon...really?I mouthed "What?" at her and cupped my hand to my ear, like I didn't understand, so she repeated herself...and I said "What?" again and then, tiring of my little game, I left with a wave that said "I will be taking my gelato business to G-Spot for the foreseeable future".I'm writing a memo that no one will read about all of this, as we speak.
5	I love this place. Try something from the new food menu everything is amazing. The service is great everyone is so friendly. If you haven't tried the sea salt caramel with chocolate truffles you definitely should its the best gelato I've ever had.
