4	Chili cheeseburger, one of the best in town. Delicious pork loin sandwich, chicken salad, chili dog, all good. I get fried okra instead of fries. Fried to perfect crunch. Everything prepared fresh. Just wish they had iced tea. No dine in.
3	The food is better than the look of the place would have you think. It's carry out only so keep that in my mind when choosing to get food from here. The service is fast & friendly. Food very reasonably priced with great daily food specials.
5	My husband and I are new in town. We have been looking for good  burgers since moving to Charlotte.  I admit, I was hesitant because the building was shabby. Let me say, never judge a book by its cover. The prices are good and the food is excellent.  This is the best burger I've had in years.  The staff was very nice and welcoming.  The owner made my food while I ran across the street to Food Lion for cash. They only accept cash. He also let me know we would definitely be back. He was right, we will be back!
4	Okay, so this is really what I call a hole-in-the-wall.  We were in the area (at Revive Salon) and pretty hungry.  The only restaurants available were Chinese food and The Sandwich Shop.  Well, that was an easy choice.  Here, you can only order food to go.  There is a small waiting room and there are no tables.  Service was friendly and pretty quick.  I ordered a grilled chicken club sandwich that was very good ($5.55 + tax).  However, the bread was really not thick enough to support the sandwich as it should have.  Mind you,  I was pleased with the sandwich but it seemed they used the thinnest of thin bread to make it.  The sandwich included the grilled chicken breast with bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo although you can omit what you don't want.  I am sure I will visit again when I am in the area and my stomach is calling.  I will choose this restaurant over Chinese food any day of the week.  Although the place is not visually friendly, the food is good to eat.4 stars for the food and the menu variety4 stars for service3 stars for the restaurant overall
5	This is a great whole in the wall place to eat at. Good food at a great price. The service is pretty good to. If you like burgers and hot dogs but don't wanna make them yourself or pay a lot of money.
4	Excellent sandwiches! Service is an "at home" feel! Great when you need a quick, inexpensive, no frills lunch!
5	After some extensive Yelp research, it was my husbands idea to try this place.  Let me say, I was skeptical at first -- but holy crap, this place is awesome!! Best fried bologna sandwich I've probably ever had, and the hubs pretty much devoured his burger. It was so good that we try to stop by every other week!  Don't be discouraged by the area, this place is a true hole-in-the-wall but it's well worth it.  And FYI it's cash only.
