3	Nice course layout and design.Just played 4-24-10 at 830 tee time. Course was not in great condition, I was impressed with the grass on the greens, but they were bumpy and rolling slow at around 8. The fairways were nice, and the "rough" was really just matted down dead grass and weeds. Very few shade trees, but some nice water areas.I would play again, but not worth more than around $50-60.
4	Played in the late morning on Sunday, June 5th. Very friendly staff and good range, club house and pro shop facilities. Tee times were delayed due to skins game ahead of us, but not too bad. Wide fairways and nice layout. All areas were in good condition and cold water was provided on about every other hole. Greens rolled true and had good speed. Pace of play was a little slow, but still got our round in in just over under 4 hours. The very pleasant cart girl came around 3 or 4 times and the beers were cheap. There is not much shade around the tee boxes, so load up on sunscreen. Other than the 30 minute drive from the SE Valley, it's just about ideal.
5	I visited this course due to an only promotion that gave us a round for 4, range balls for each of us, 2 carts, and 12 brand new Callaway Tour i(s) golf balls, all this for only $59. It was too good a deal to pass up and the course was in amazing condition. Especially considering it's the middle of the summer in AZ. The course was long and wide allowing you to "grip it and rip it." The only downside is it's in Maricopa so it's a bit of a drive for someone in Tempe. After we finished I felt it was definitely worth the drive, even if we wouldn't have purchased the package.
5	Super fun course, nice layout, nice staff, great breakfast!
4	Touring the city of Maricopa.
4	The best of the Ahwatukee properties I have been to (all of the full length courses). Grass was in good condition, not too big of a crowd of Friday afternoon. They only have cart service on weekends. Cooler and ball/club cleaning on the carts.
2	Food was terrible - service was good - prices have been raised twice in the past 6 months - now over priced -  no happy hour  but love the golf course -
4	Fun course, well kept. Nice views.  Me and my husband live on the course so we frequently play here. The service mostly good and welcoming. Way over priced in the fall for tee times but the price is usually very good other than that... only real complaint is when we go golfing we like it to just have "us time"...so getting paired with other people can be very annoying.
5	I played on 8/4/2014.  One of four courses that are part of The Foothills Golf Group, The Duke is clearly the gem!  Well-maintained from tee to green... and it helped that I was playing well.  :)
