3	Saw this newly opened up take out food joint when I went to eat at Mucho Taco. Inside is really very basic, telling me that the bangladeshi owner of I-Mart didn't spend too much time on trying to impress any customers.Was greeted by a Mexican person who took my order (he was unsure as to what exactly the offerings were) which caused me to be a bit disconcerted about the whole operation.He then vanished for a good 15 mins leaving the whole shop empty (still not a good sign I was thinking to myself). Finally the I-mart owner comes in and asks me whether I had ordered; which I confirmed that I had. 5 mins later my Sheik Kabab comes out all freshly grilled.At the end of it the food was well worth the wait. I also liked the bengali "lonka" in the salad.The ambiance is pretty basic with just a few metal chairs to sit down and wait, for your take out. The place is draped with "Saris" converted into curtains and the AC does not work well.I took a few pics of the entrance and the food offerings pasted on the walls. Note they also provide samosa etc which are actually stored in the i-Mart store (read not fresh). Though there was a listing for Singara(What!?? that is the bengali equivalent of a samosa... may they use the bengali spiced filling)
4	This place has some really good halal food. The spelling of "deshi" is incorrect as it should be "desi" i think but who cares. It's not my restaurant right.So the best thing to do is order your food beforehand. Give them a good 40 minutes before you go pick it up as they make things from scratch. The food has tasted slightly different both times that we ordered, exactly the same things but nevertheless it tasted wonderful. The naan was great the first time but not the next time. I tihnk it makes a difference as to who is preparing your food. The first time when all things were excellent, the lady owner was the one in the kitchen. The second time it was her husband in the kitchen. They offer the regular grill items with either the naan option or rice option or just plain. We had Sheekh Kebab and also Bihari Kebab. They also carry Tandoori Chicken Kebabs etc. They do not have a sign up on top of their store to indicate that there is a restaurant there but they are in the same shopping center as I-Mart and are owned by I-Mart as well. This restaurant is specifically located between the thai restaurant and the mexican restaurant. Also, this is a pick up only type of place so you will not be able to sit down and have a meal.
5	Great food, great service..
