3	I really love the concept of this restaurant. Sliders and fries are cool and I'm glad to have them accessible on campus. They're very tasty too. On the same token, the prices are kind of high for a campus restaurant. Not sure I can afford to spring 10 dollars for 3 sliders and fries without a drink. Also, the service was a bit on the slow side but my guess is that this will get better as the restaurant matures.
2	Aayo, so heres the deal.This place is kinda actin a fool.  There are 3 main faults 1)  They chaarge an exxtra 50cents for cheese PER SLIDER.  2)  They won't give you a free cup of water.  3)  Andd their $4 grilled cheese sandwich did NOT have enough cheese on it.  Plus it was overprised in general.  If I was a new business on Greenn st, I would be charging much less to try to attract more people.  By the way, my guy waalked into their bathrom and saw a gutted cigar in the toilet and weed residue on the sink.  aka people roll blunts in the bathroom.they do have a good sauce selecion tho
1	Mediocre quality food. Tasted fine, but was lukewarm. The fries were cold and I recieved half a cup of fries. Not a good experience at all for over $20. Will not eat here again.
1	HIDEOUS is the best word I have to describe this establishment. It would have been worse if I had spotted a health code violation but no, instead I call fraud and misrepresentation on the whole concept and its cost.I paid $11.63 for three sliders topped with grilled onions, pickle, ketchup, mustard and American cheese and a medium Belgium fries. I could have gotten a bigger and tastier meal in the form of one double-deluxe bacon butter burger value basket from Culver's for $3 less and more ingredients!Sliders: Not better quality than a fast food chain. And they charged me extra for cheese and toppings. I call bogus.Fries: The only slightly saving grace in that these were cut like a Belgian fry and were tasty, but too salty and doused in oil to be accurate. (I've been to Belgium, I know). HOWEVER, they ran out of garlic mayonnaise, the quintessential topping to Belgian fries.So I tried the regular mayo.BIG MISTAKE. The regular mayo does not taste like Belgian mayo. It's regular sandwich mayo. Gross.I also tried the honey mustard and fry sauce also in hopes that I could find something good about Sliders. Nope.This place was packed with undergrads loading up on food before drinking the night away. It's cramped, greasy and I nearly turned around and did not order. I wish I went with my gut instinct.Fail.
2	saw this place and got immediately excited. But lost that excitement as soon as I finally got a full meal here. First of all the first week they opened they were not serving the full menu (wtf??) And then the cashier told me that their signature mayos would be on rotation throughout the year not available all the time. So I have never had the garlic mayo which is basically why I wanted to at there in the first place.I will say that the belgan fries were good but would have been better with the signature mayos not the basic mayo they have. The burgers/sliders are another story. Extremely overpriced and the cooks don't listen well either. My roommate spent damn near 40 bucks at that place ordering food for us and the order was not correct. The cheese is extra and you would think for the prices they charge everything would be perfect but it wasn't. If the prices were reasonable and the full menu were available all the time, then this place would be a gem. Right now it sucks.
1	I'm always down to try new places when they so I came here despite what I had already heard from my friends. Turns out, pretty much everything they said was true, and sadly none of it was good.First is that it's overpriced. 2 dollars for a burger, another 2 for fries, and another 2 for drinks. They don't have combo meals. I ended up asking if they had any specials and the girl told me it's buy one get one free for the burger so I got 2 burgers, small fries, and a small drink. Came out being $10.80. Yea, I'm as confused as you are. Asked the lady how that works, she flashed my receipt at me and said it was taken off. Wouldn't even let me look at my own receipt and didn't get it when they gave me my order. That right there is a big no no.As for the food, it wasn't all that good either. the burgers were alright, but like some of these other reviews, you can get a much better burger with more stuff on it for about the same price or cheaper at other fast food places. The fries were average. They were made fresh for me at least so that's one good thing about this place. And they do have a big sauce collection but i mean, it's mostly the basics like ketchup, mustard, bbq etc. The actual store is kinda dirty looking. They have like 4 tables when there's so much more space that they can use. Definitely not efficient.  They have TVs but they were not on, so not really sure what the point of that is. Don't think I'll be coming back here anymore and don't suggest others do until they fix their prices.
4	I don't know why people said so many bad things about this place. I accidentally ended up at this place. 6 sliders of reasonably big size were about 10.xy$. The sliders were yummy! Don't know if they improved their quality or I was lucky!
1	tl;dr:  Expensive, not very good, they tend to overcharge you if you don't watch your ticket.I've had them a few times over last semester to try them out, I've been dying for a really good burger joint on campus.  First time I had a burger, fries and a drink.  Totaled over $12.  I found the burger to be over salted and overdone, but the fries were tasty.  Decided to try them again later in the semester, giving them a second chance.  Tried the sliders this time (you know, signature item).  Again, they were way over salted and I found the same thing happened to me as a previous reviewer, I was charged 3x $0.75 for the cheese on them and other prices were higher than the menu board (even 3x $0.50 for cheese is a bit high for slider-sized burgers).Well, in all I'm sad that there still is no good burger joint on campus.
1	I've ordered from Sliders twice and both times I was really disappointed.The first time, they screwed up my order -- twice. I was let down by the menu to begin with, since one of the best parts of Belgian fries is the sauces, but for the most part their selections are very ordinary: plain ketchup, BBQ, hot sauce, etc. Between my friends and I, we ordered burgers/sliders (which were just decent), fries, a number of different sauces so we'd have variety despite the options being quite ordinary, and were delivered a completely different selection of sauces than what we had ordered. I called Sliders to request that they deliver the correct sauces and they delivered a bag *with our order correctly handwritten on it* yet with another seemingly random collection of incorrect sauces inside! We gave up. The fries were bland and oily anyway and bore little resemblance to authentic Belgian fries I've eaten in the past.The second time, I tried to give Sliders another chance by ordering a burger and a slider -- since the burger had been the only decent component of my meal the first time -- and it was awful. The bottom of the burger was not only sort of charred, but absurdly, horribly salty. I *love* salt but I found this barely edible. A burger this bad from a cheap burger place wouldn't be as disappointing, but this was $5 to start plus they charge you extra for cheese and some other toppings (including the jalapenos, which were not very good jalapenos -- all heat, no flavor). The slider was a little better but nothing special, and seemed more like a tiny burger than a proper slider anyway. Overall, too much money for really lousy food.
1	Meh.  Overpriced, small portions, not that great.  Can't believe people still spend money there.
2	You can practically smell the Abercrombie and Fitch cologne and hear the sound of collars popping as you enter this place. Douche central.Food was decent, but it took 15 minutes for them to make 3 sliders to go. They advertise these fancy dipping sauces but they were out of everything except ketchup -- how exotic. Prices are also outrageous -- $14 for 3 tiny sliders and a small fry.I will definitely not go back.
