3	Not bad at all.  I Had a cheesesteak, daughter had a dog.   The  only negative would be that the meals are entree and fries, drink is separate.  Looking forward to trying breakfast menu as well as other items.
4	My husband and I decided to try this place for the first time, we were welcomed immediately. I felt like we were important to them which is very rare in AZ. We ordered the Italian Beef Hoggie, Philly Cheese Steak, chili cheese frys, tots and the carrot cake. Well let me tell you we were extremely impressed! This is the place to go. We will be returning customers.
4	My daughter and I stopped in for lunch today.  Good food, great service.  Give them a try!
4	OK.  This place has to make it in this somewhat jinxed location.  First a never ending stream of Mexican restaurants and the last tenant was a Hawaiian BBQ with decent but not striking food.  These folks have completely redone the space.  The sandwich and onion rings I had were excellent.  The folks running the place are friendly and efficient.  When you are placing the order they ask all sorts of questions to make sure it comes out the way you want it, not just the way they want to make it.  While the place was not crowded it was obvious several of the folks eating there or picking up to go orders were already regular customers.  There are lots of items on the menu and I will be back to try some more of them.
4	As a native Detroiter, I grew up on Coney Islands, as their a staple.  Most people have a favorite one, and when I left Detroit, I found that Phoenix doesn't really have any Coney Islands.  When a friend told about this place and how it just opened, I KNEW I had to go try it, and today I did just that.Upon entering, the place is in a tired little strip mall, but inside its the closest thing I can get to a Detroit Coney.  The menu is large and ample, with lots of Detroit goodies, such as a coney dog with all the fixings (chili, onions, etc.) Gyros, greek salads, fries and a whole bunch of other items that are made as they should be. I liked the fact that the menu spanned the entire back wall and was on huge flat screen TV's.  They also have some Detroit memorabilia on the walls of old car stuff which was really cute, and the interior was simply decorated with an open window to the grill so you could see the cook making your food as the girl took the order.Overall the food was good. I went with the Gyro and fries with a coke, and it came out tasty!  it was a bit garlicly, but in a good way.  I had also wanted to get a greek salad, but I knew there was no way I could eat all that food in one sitting, so I passed. I still have to try the coney dogs, as they have a few options here (Chicago, Detroit and Phoenix style dogs) but I think I will get that next time I go.They had a steady stream of people coming in and out on a Sunday afternoon, and the girl behind the counter was busy as all get out.   The only thing that suffered was I got my food a good 5 minutes before my friend did, so bad timing on her part. I hate when that happens!  My friend didn't mind and neither did I, but I could have waited to eat (which I did) and that was probably the only thing with the meal that didn't go right. Every thing else was awesome!If your from Detroit, back east, or just want some seriously good coney food, come here. Its like a little slice of home.  Local business support as well, and worth a trip for those of you who like this kind of stuff. Enough of a menu selection and a good price point to keep everyone happy and guarantee that you'll walk out with a full stomach like I did!  They also have a rockin breakfast menu as well!
4	I would probably give this place 3.5 stars but I am rounding up. The food was good. We had a Coney Island, fries, macaroni salad, and the Greek salad.  The Greek salad had really good homemade dressing.  I liked the macaroni salad but I like most macaroni salads.  My husband enjoyed his coney and the fries were freshly fried. The only problem was how long it took to get everything. I think we waited about 25 minutes and there were not many people ahead of us.  I think they have a few kinks to work out in the kitchen. Overall a good place and I wish it success.
3	When I first heard about this place just down the street from my home I was excited..I always welcome locally owned restaurants into my neighborhood. A friend and I decided to try it since we were in the mood for hot dogs.. We walked in on a Sunday morning about 10:45..atmosphere is very bright and clean .. There were only a couple of elderly gentlemen reading the paper. We were greeted nicely by our waitress..my friend ordered a Philly cheesesteak with fries then was told they were changing the frying oil.. Now I'm not sure if its the best idea to change your oil right between breakfast and lunch.. so he ordered macaroni salad.  I decided on a Greek salad and a Detroit coney dog, she brought out the Greek salad and it was delicious.. And brought my friend his potato salad which wasn't what he asked for but was fine and he graciously took it. About 30 minutes later they finally brought out the cheesesteak .. Looked amazing but beef had no seasoning whatsoever..I'm still waiting on my hot dog .. About 5 minutes later the hot dog arrived..I guess in my mind I was expecting a serious hot dog but it was basically just a generic bun with chili and chopped onions..something I could whip up myself in a few minutes at home..While good it didn't wow me. The menu was packed with good eats and is very inexpensive .. Now they seemed to be having some issues in the kitchen and overheard them waiting on the owner so I know that can affect service.. But waiting 45 minutes for food that should take minutes to prepare isn't gonna keep the doors open. I just hope they can polish out their service and food some and have a great business .. I'm sure ill give this place another chance and have an updated review.
2	Maybe I'm too picky. But I had high hopes for this place being from Michigan, since it is spoused  to be like Detroit style and AZ style and had decent yelp reviews..Haven't ate yet but so far waitress is awful she gave me a hard time about wanting a chicken gyro making sure to tell me its not a "gyro" and seeming confused that I just wanted to sub chicken for the other meat with no tomatoes how hard is that.. Then it came out just now and had tomato.. waited till I was done eating to get my mothers order and only got it after one of the other friendlier waitresses checked on us as our first waitress was packing up and leaving.. Like what the heck.. I may try it again as the food wasn't terrible, wasn't amazing either. But the mother daughter and African American gal wait staff was very kind and helpful..
4	It was good. Cool stuff on the wall. I think they make their ranch from scratch, it was good. Oh, and very nice people there.
5	This place is pretty good authentic Chicago dogs. And Coney dogs that tasted great... the Philly cheese steak was hearty and had a choice of different cheeses. I if course choose it whizzed. The onion rings were big and crispy as were the fries. The place is nice with TV's and a old school feel to it. The waitresses were very friendly and mine had a great sense of humor.. oh buy the way they have a monster hamburger that is $20.00 comes with fries and feeds 10 people at least....great atmosphere. I will definitely be back...
1	My husband is from Detroit and was very excited to see an ad for this place. When we went. It was extremely hot. We asked them to turn on the air twice. We could see the temp and it was at 90 in there. They never changed the temp. It just kept getting hotter. We got the Coney Hot Dog and my husband saw that there was a loose meat sandwich on the menu and ordered it. He was so excited! While waiting, I heard the cook start chopping something on the grill. I jokingly told my husband that it was his loose meat sandwich. He said no way. Needless to say, they brought out a chopped burger patty on a hot dog bun. It was awful. My husband said that that's not how you make a loose meat sandwich, he said it was an embarrassment. Not thrilled with our experience!
1	Ordered a double burger with cheese meal, total $7.50 The meal included a burger and fries.  The beef patties were flavorless and hard. The fries were dry and lacked seasoning. Overall I was not impressed with the food. Ive had better burgers from the frozen aisle. I don't think Ill return to this restaurant. FYI The meal does not include a drink.
2	We were very excited to try this place.  My wife grew up in Michigan and I lived there for many years.  It was however a great disappointment.  I had a Detroit Coney dog and a Phoenix dog.  The Detroit dog had something that tasted like Hormel Chilly on it not coney sauce.  The hot dog it self was way over cooked and looked more like the meat sticks you get at the gas station. The Phoenix dog on the other hand was like a Sonoran dog.  I love those thing and this one was ok but there are much better ones in town.  I also got Mac salad.  It was flavorless.  My wife got a Greek salad with gyro meat.  The meat did not look right but tasted good and the salad had a good flavor.  She was however very upset at the service.  The food did not come all at once and we had to remind them what we ordered.  The staff seemed nice but it just did not come together well.We will not be returning.  There is a better Coney Island place is Scottsdale.
5	We had great service and great food - the whole experience was great.  We had a burger and the shrimp basket which was cooked in fresh oil... Perfect!
1	I came here for lunch, maybe two customers ahead of me, waited for 30 minutes for a sandwich. Get your act together, should take 30 minutes to make one 8 inch philly cheese steak
2	I pass this place everyday and notice people inside which I thought was a good sign. Our food took over an hour to receive ,now I understand all the people. Cesar salad, po boy, Chicago dog and a philly cheese.  My onion rings sat for a calculated 3 minutes before I said if they are cold don't bring them. They didn't try to make it right just removed them from the bill.The worst part was only after the sandwichs were placed did they decide to make the salad. Then told my daughter "we don't really have a cesar salad on the menu". Well since it was printed right on the menu not sure why she said that. I really wish the service was something I could stand becuse the food (that made it to the table) was good. The po boy had fresh made slaw and crispy fish. It was slightly dry but remedied with a little tartar sauce. The Chicago dog tasted like a hot dog stand and the philly had nice portions.  Several customers left due to the wait.  The place was not spotless but not filthy (except the restroom). Phx Coney please try harder. Teach your staff to hussle and cook more than one order at a time. It such a shame to let a good location, good food and a good decor go to waste.
2	I ate here with my sister and I had the Philly deluxe and onion rings, onion rings were pretty good, the sandwich not so much it had a lot of  Grisel it was pleasant lol  and the cheese sauce didn't have much flavor. The service was good  and it came out fast but overall the food wasn't great to me.
3	This has been our 4th time eating here. Each time has been a different experience and not all have been great. Overall, it's a nice place to eat. The decor looks like an old-style diner & soda fountain. Very appealing and family-friendly. The menu is extensive. So many different types of sandwiches: hoagies, melts, burgers, dogs and fish/shrimp baskets. Unfortunately, this menu seems to overwhelm the cooks. The past two times I ate there with two of my kids, it took over 30 minutes for us to get our food - way too long. To sum it up: good food, good service, good ambiance. Long wait for food.
5	Five stars! What else can I say?? Food was delicious and definitely filling! Service was very friendly and fast! Can't say a negative thing about the place! I will be returning!!
5	This place was really good! We had Ula as a server, she was very attentive, my drink was always full. The food was actually better than I had anticipated seeing that it was inexpensive. We had the crispy chicken gyro, a Detroit coney, French fries with cheese, and a drink for $11! The gyro was delicious, the chicken was on point!  I would come back again, it's worth the 15 minute drive from my house!
5	The Coney Dogs are just like back in Michigan. The menu is priced lower than any other coney shop in Phoenix. However the food is not lacking in quality or quantity. This a must visit restaurant if you love all things coney or if you want to learn. Will be a regular from now on.
5	First off the owners (Husband and Wife) are natives of Detroit, Michigan.  I'm also a native of Michigan so my expectations were really high and they exceeded them. Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted nicely and quick. We didn't feel rushed and they explained the menu (I already knew what I was coming for and that was a Detroit Coney Dog). You know it's not a real Detroit Coney if you don't have to cut the sides off the container it comes in lol. I also got a Shrimp w/Slaw P'Boy and it was excellent. And to top it off they gave us free slices of red velvet cake. If your a Michigan native, live in Phoenix or are visiting you must stop here and try them out. You won't be disappointed.
4	First time here. Will come back for more. I informed the waitress that I was new and what would she recommend, she said either the cheese steaks, po'boys, and burgers.I never had a po'boy so my attention was diverted to that. So I ordered the po'fat boy (shrimp,fish, slaw) with side of tater tots. Everything came out hot and crunchy. While waiting I over heard other customer questioning the waitress about the menu, she was very knowledgeable about it which is a plus for me. Overall the experience was very good, only giving it a 4 star because a 5 is well a . Again I recommend if you are in the area give this place a try. Hours may vary.
1	under new middle eastern management! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! No pork dogs at all! No Coney Island dogs! None! No bacon! it's turkey bacon...waste of time as well...it took me 43 minutes to get 4 hot dogs that tasted like grocery store hot dogs...and...Falafel is on its way! Yuck!Do NOT go here. This place sucks...the waitresses whisper under their breath apologies...They will never make here. This is America. Deal with it and don't buy a Coney Hot Dog restaurant and then stop serving Coney Island dogs! Frauds!
1	Just visited today 05/31/14. The business has changed owners. The service is substandard. The staff is not friendly and they are not familiar with coney dogs at all.The staff are the kids of the owner and it shows. They sigh if you ask for refills, sigh when you as for the bill and are not even familiar with their revised menu.I will NOT be returning there anymore. If you are the owner reading this, you have lost my business.
5	I have been eating at this place about 2-3 times per month for the last six months or so.  Their breakfast options are incredible and delicious with great portions.  Their breakfast sandwiches (and options) are well crafted and yummy.  I have had the breakfast special (2 eggs, 2 bacon or sausage, potatoes (O'brien), and toast- love the amount of potatoes.  I also had the Greek omelet - amazing!  I look forward to catching dinner here again as well.
2	My Detroit dog and fries were very good.  But, as others have said, it was too hot in the dining room. 85 deg is what I saw so not as bad as others at 90 deg but still unpleasant if you leave soaked in sweat. Won't be back in the summer time. Will go back in the winter if I have a hankerin' for a Detroit and fries!
1	I think the loose burger may have given me a loose stool.  They also messed up on my change when I paid.  I gave them a fifty and they tried to give me change for a twenty.  We got that straightened out before I left.  I probably will not go back...
5	Went looking for a Sonoran Dog and heard this place had a Phoenix Dog that was close to a Sonoran Dog. It was further then I use go for food but closest place with a Sonoran Dog. It was YUMMY!!! So were the onion rings. Not over priced either. The hot dogs are all beef and deep fried. Very clean and nice services.
2	The food was ok but for a place called Coney Island I expected quick service and it was so slow. our group had to get our food to go and then eat it cold because we were late for our appointment due to super slow service.   I would probably not return
