4	Normally on the weekends I wouldn't schlep all the way to Henderson for my Vietnamese/Pho fix unless I'm going there during the week from the office.  But on a lazy Saturday afternoon, I was extended an invitation for the official official grand opening of Pho MaiLan with 20% off the meal.  Noodle Houses are not known for ambiance but based on first impression upon arrival, the vibe inside has a fun and relaxing interior.Me and Mr. UK David C. ordered the Large Bun Bo MaiLan (their version of Bun Bo Hue) AKA (MaiLan spicy beef and pork noodle soup). By default, MaiLan doesn't have the congealed pig blood like a traditional BBH, but I actually prefer it without it. They loaded my bowl with a decent portion of protein which I always appreciate when I eat a bowl of noodle soup.  I put in my veggies (a sprinkling of bean sprouts and they have banana blossoms which I'm sure you won't find in many shop in the US, let alone Vegas).  A nice squeeze of some lime in my eye and in the soup of course.  Hell, I even managed to forget the sting of lime juice burning my eyeball for several minutes while I devoured my bowl of deliciousness.  The broth was nice with the right amount of spiciness that is enjoyable and very flavorful. You can really tell that they use good quality ingredients and prepare everything very well.  For a busy grand opening, the service was consistent and attentive to our needs and I never had to ask them to refill my glass of water.I will have to try the Pho Dac Biet (Combination Special) and Cha Gio (Crispy Spring Rolls) next time to really round out this review.  We may have a potential new contender for favorite Bun Bo Hue but certainly room for improvement for a future UYE or lunch visit.  It will mos def be in the my lunch rotation going forward pho shizzle!
5	I am very impressed with this place. Had the Bun Bo Hue (Bun Bo Mailan as they call it here) and I wasn't disappointed! All good quality ingredients, no corners cut and most importantly, the soup stock was perfect. A pleasant surprise is that they offer you Banana Blossom as part of the vegetables to dunk in your soup, I don't know anywhere that offers this and its one of the traditional must have ingredients.The restaurant itself is nice and spacious, very clean and nice positive colours. The service was very good, didn't have to ask for a refill on drinks once.I would defo go back, next time to try some Pho
5	I am so excited!  They opened this Vietnamese restaurant like 4 minutes from my house.  Yay!!!My wife and I just returned from having dinner there.  We both ordered the MaiLan special - Bun Bo Hue.  Man, it was awesome!  There was a great deal of meat in it and it was spicy as heck.  I was sweating bullets.  But, it was SOOO good.  I downed my Thai Tea and drank like 3 glasses of water.  As for atmosphere, very casual.  The restaurant is quite open and clean.  It has a calming effect.  We didn't care too much for the pictures ~ for some reason, they have a cyclist picture in an Asian restaurant.  Figure that they would have more of an Asian theme.  But, really, we weren't there for the pictures.  As for the service, it is a family run operation and they really take care of you.  And, yes, thank god, they actually talk to you and ask you how was your experience.  Customer Service is something that is usually lacking in a lot of Viet restaurant (i.e. Pho Saigon 8 - yuck).  We highly recommend this place.  And, we definitely would be back to Pho Mailan... Yay!!!
4	My boyfriend and I ate here for lunch today after Judd L. sent me a recommendation.The boyfriend wanted to go to Lemongrass because they have banh mi.. but I really wanted to try this place especially after we were able to locate it when we went to Lee's the night before.It is very nice and clean. They have booths as well as tables. The service was very good and always made sure to fill waters and check if everything was good.I do feel the the menu does lack some variety. No banh mi, so boyfriend ordered pho instead. I got the rare steak and tendon (as usual!)  and they gave a good amount of beef and tendon. The beef was nice and soft and the tendon was melt in your mouth with a couple exceptions for some chewy peices. I did find the broth to be a little more sour/too citrusy  than I'd like. But besides that it had a nice flavor. Prices are not too bad either at $6.50 for a small and $7.50 for a large. They did give 20% off our bill for the grand opening. Personally, Lemongrass is still my favorite in the area but Pho MaiLan is definitely a good alternative as well. More than I can say for Pho Saigon 8, and Pho Little Saigon. Will definitely return in the future.. I wanted to try to bun bo hue that the previous reviewers tried! I saw it.. but decided to go with my normal pho!
5	I guess i've followed the majority of yelpers here as I am a fan of the Bun Bo Mai Lan. Spicy but not over bearing and the I licked the bowl dry bc the soup was so scrumcious. For me the location is far but for anyone who lives in the east side this is a must! If this were in Chinatown I'd go all the time especially since the service is akin to any non-Asian spot. It's a nice added touch to be treated nicely although what's most important is the quality of the food which they definitely do not short in.Oh yah it's also clean too!
3	After seeing so many of my friends posting pics of yummy looking pho to their facebook pages, I finally convinced my boyfriend to be adventurous and try it out with me since a new Pho restaurant opened up near us.This used to be EVOS, a place I was sad to see go. But, they retained the clean, fresh ambience. It looked nice, maybe a bit too bright for my liking. I am sure I would have enjoyed my experience more in the dark as a matter of fact because my dish looked less than appealing.About that dish, I told the nice waiter that we were very excited that this was our first experience with pho and asked if he could point us in the right direction for ordering. He picked something for us on the first page of the menu and said it's what everyone orders and we are sure to love it. I am going to attach an image of what he brought out. It was not what I expected at all, especially after seeing others images of pho that had more veggies and lighter looking noodles. I certainly didn't expect a hoof looking thing (others have commented that it looks more like a cervix) along with lots of grissle to arrive in my bowl of faux pho. Because the service was so good, we decided not to say anything. And decided to pretend we were in Vietnam and that this must be traditional pho, whereas what other have been eating elsewhere must be the modernized version. I have since learned from someone who has eaten pho in Vietnam that what I ate didn't look like the pho she had in her travels. Oh well.I really did love the service at this restaurant though. They were very attentive and nice. I'm thinking I just ordered the wrong thing? Will try out Lemongrass Cafe once I recover from this experience.***Update*** We should have expressed our disappointment to the staff while we were there but they were so nice that I didn't want to make them feel bad! Lesson learned. My apologies to the staff for not saying anything while we were there. I am sure they would have made good on the situation.
3	I had my first experience with Pho this past Friday here and it will probably be my last. The other reviewers must all be friends of the owners because the specialty soup was just nasty. The staff was very nice and polite but I'm not sure what they tried to serve me. I posted a photo of the soup to hundreds of people through Facebook and  all the comments stated that  they never seen anything like that before even when they ate Pho Vietnam. Take a look at my photo. That is actually the hoof or snout of some animal in my soup and my GFs as well. I have attached a picture so you can see.The photo speaks for itself. Sorry Pho MaiLan. I so wanted to give you a good review, and I just raised the the amount of stars I gave you specifically for your good customer service and for asking us to come back and try something that may not be so daring for first timers.
4	I'm stoked that there is a Vietnamese restaurant close to home! This restaurant is clean and is family owned. They are very attentive and friendly, which is a huge plus compared to similar restaurants.  I ordered the Bun Bo Hue, which is my second time trying this dish.  I was not disappointed at all. I like how they do not use the pork blood in this dish.  Chris ordered the beef pho with rare steak and he enjoyed it, but said he had better (3/5).  We also loveee spring rolls with peanut sauce, so of course we try it at every vietnamese place we go to.  We liked it and will probably always order that when we come back, plus it's $3.95 (i think).  I will definitely come back and try the bun thit nuong (sp?), another one of my vietnamese faves.  *oh I ordered thai tea*, but I guess I learned my mistake from ordering a thai drink from a vietnamese restaurant.  It tasted different and obviously not authentic. It still tasted decent, but I wouldn't recommend it.   I'll try coconut juice next time.
3	It's unassuming strip mall venue doesn't do it justice, Pho MaiLan serves up very good Vietmanese food in a market that offers very little options. The soup and rolls are great, but the meat is suspect as it usually is with this genre of cuisine. Stop by if you are into this type of food.
3	I went here with my family today since it's brand new and really close to my house. I ordered the spicy beef pho.. I forgot the name, but it was S1 on the first page. I didn't really like it. Even though it was spicy (and I like spicy), I thought it was kind of plain and very oily, most of the meat pieces in the soup were fat and there weren't enough noodles for me. I did try the regular beef noodle pho, which was okay, but different than what I usually expect. Then again, I'm a die-hard Pho Kim Long fan. On the other hand, the service was great. The server was very nice and when my mom said that her drink tasted like diet, the server brought out another Pepsi for her to drink right away. I ordered the thai tea too, but like Melissa N. said in the other review... it was kind of different and not really the best thai tea out there. Anyway, I'll probably go back with my boyfriend and order something different. My mom said the pork chops were really good, and she finished those. I just won't order the spicy soup again.
4	Great food, great price, great service.  This place is new, clean, and comfortable.  Rice noodle bowl with bbq pork and spring rolls was terrific.  Beef pho combo was also very good.  A good spot for a quick casual lunch.
3	I tended to like it here.  The food came quickly, and the service was nice and friendly.  We had a great young girl helping us most of the time who really made sure we had everything we needed, and explained any dishes we weren't sure about.As far as food quality goes, white it certainly wasn't the best pho I've ever had, it's entirely okay when I'm craving pho and don't want to drive very far from my house.  As usual with Vietnamese restaurants, I'm always disappointed when banh mi isn't on the menu, but not every place can be a banh mi place!
5	Best pho in town
3	Pho Mailan is a good restaurant with good service. I always get the Summer Rolls and Pho Meatball which both have great flavor. I usually go in on a Sunday evening as they have the football game on a flat screen. Glad there is one near home now. I will definitly be back
4	Good Service and Good Food.Mom and I went here the other night because we wanted something hot and simple... and Pho seemed like a good idea.This was our first visit to this restaurant and we were happy with it.We didn't order anything unusual... we were pretty boring in our selections.  So we'll go back and try something different next time.Spring rolls... fresh and tasy.  I really like the peanut dipping sauce, very creamy.  If you like it spicy... add some chili garlic sauce to it like I did which punched it up nicely.Chicken Pho.... quick and hot.  The broth was not oily like I've read in the other reviews so I'm wondering if maybe it's because chicken doesn't have much fat?  The Pho was good... not much to it until I added the bean sprouts, jalapenos, lime, basil and hot sauce.  Mine had lots of chicken in it so I was happy.We each ordered a "Regular" and it was more than we could finish.
4	Last night after an unsuccessful attempt to go to the Bollywood Gala event, we decided to give this Vietnamese Place a try.  I yelped and seeing that it is on average 4 stars, I must taste it out for myself.  1.) Grilled Pork Summer Rolls-The menu stated that it includes grilled pork sausage, veggies, as well as the crunchy rice crisps...(I have this type of rolls over at Bosa 1 all the time).  I was hungry and was looking forward to this appetizer.  I was very dissappointed, there was NO RICE CRISPS!  This ingredient would make these rolls so much better!!  What a shame!!  and also, the dipping sauce was just no right for it.  I am giving this appetizer 2 stars.  Will not order this again.2.) MaiLan Spicy Beef Noodle-thick rice noodles, beef shank, beef tendon and pork hock soup in a chili lemongrass beef broth.  This is one of my favorite noodle, but I was a bit dissappointed because there was no pork hock in my soup (my favorite item in the soup, what I look forward to eat last to savor it).  BoooooOOOOoo. I will definitely ask for it if I order it again.  Flavor was nice but so sad... 3 stars3.) MaiLan Combination Special-this is the beef noodle soup with the combination of meat (round-eye steak, well-done brisket, tendon, tripe, and meatball...yes, meatball.  Normally, you have to order meatball as extra and isn't included in the combination.  This is the first restaurant that included it, which I am pleasantly surprise).  Now I am Vietnamese and have been eating Pho as I am growing up.  This broth was so flavorful, like how my mom used to make it...aahhh, mom's food.  How i miss it.  Anyways, this is now my go-to place when I want some pho.  5 STARS!!!ConclusionService:  Wonderful.  They were very nice.Food:  Pho is wonderful.  Will I come back:  Of course for an authentic bowl of PHO!!!
4	Last night, it was cold...decided to have a nice bowl of pho.AppetizerShrimp and Pork Salad ($7)-Pretty ok and seems like a healthy dish.  It has crisp shredded cabbage, cilantro, mint, pork and shrimp.  The sauce, which consisted of fish sauce and daikon and carrots.  I am used to the daikon and carrots being pickled, and this wasn't.  Good, but I had better.  I'll give it 3 starsEntreeGrilled marinated porkchop with julienne pork and steamed egg cake ($8.50)-This was good.  A taste of different variations of pork, cooked nicely to eat with rice and fish sauce.  Has a lot flavor.  4 starsBeef Noodle Soup: Includes sliced round-eye steak, soft tendon (Not all pieces were soft :(, and beef meatball  (Regular, $6.50).  It's not as good as the first time, but maybe it's because I had the rice plate first.  Note to self: Eat the beef noodle soup before a rice dish.  DessertChe Ba Mau ($3): this has red beans, yellow bean, tapioca green jelly in coconut milk and crushed ice.  I could not eat these big red beans.  It tasted...WEIRD....I wonder if it came out of the can, it has that odd taste...I tried to eat it but when I just couldn't, I carefully spooned all the red beans in the cup and dump them.  I put in way too much effort for this, so if I ever order this, I will request them to exclude this red bean from my dessert.  For those who don't know this dessert, it's kinda like halo-halo, but the weaker version (less beans, no ube).  I think I am going to get a halo-halo today.Service is still awesome as usual.
2	First off, this review is for the Pho only... My friend got another dish that he really enjoyed... and from what I have read, the other reviews rave about everything EXCEPT the Pho. The Pho wasn't BAD, just wasn't.. good. I got the flank steak and it seemed to be lacking in the soup:[. The noodles were also different and not the regular vermicelli that I am used to. Sadly the noodles were also lacking in the substance department.. are they trying to go against the grain with their different noodles?? I don't know. But I prefer the standard. I was left with a big bowl of beef broth that wasn't all too yummy and my Pho craving wasn't all too satisfied. To return? Yes... just not for Pho.
3	Sometimes you wander around on Yelp and you stumble across hidden gems in your own neighborhood, this is the case with me and Pho MaiLan.  If not for Yelp, I would never know about it even though it's just half a block from my favorite Trader Joe's.I see a lot of potential in Pho MaiLan, mostly due of their Bun Bo Hue, the Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup, the less known cousin of Pho but definitely the more fitting noodle soup for cold weather.  It's made with a richer beef broth with a subtle hint of lemongrass flavor, a more hearty rice vermicelli, and filling proteins such as beef shank, pork hock, beef tendon & pork blood.  It's a favorite among Vietnamese but difficult to make well, and thus I haven't had a very good bowl since moving to Vegas from Orange County.  Pho MaiLan's version is very tasty without being too fatty, something that I've rarely found in Vegas.  I'm giving it a three stars only because tonight's bowl was missing a couple of things to be authentic: there was no pork blood; also, banana blossom and shredded cabbage should be served as the accompanying veggies but they ran out of banana blossom this evening.  My fiance had Pho, it was good, not the best Pho broth in Vegas but it had a good amount of meat and the beef's quality was very good.  We also had egg rolls for appetizers.  The egg rolls were good; however, I was disappointed because I read from Yelp that the restaurant had Banh Beo (floating rice cakes with shrimp) but they also ran out of that tonight.  On a positive note, the service is great, the waitresses were very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant's atmosphere is cheery and clean (all the sauce bottles seem to be filled and cleaned often).The Bun Bo is still the best one in Vegas so far for me, but I'm looking forward to a more complete version next time.
1	We got excited about trying this new Pho spot so close to our house! The place is beautiful! But I've got today this is absolutely the worse Pho I've ever had! The soup was soooo oily! So oily that even my 5 year old daughter would not eat it.... Which also in my opinion wasn't very tasty either. Also... The noodles were already MUSH by the time we got them... Needless to say.. We are never going back again... We are Lemongrass Cafe lovers! We go once a week! Sorry Pho Mailan!
5	The first time I went here, the pho was ok.One month later, they really improved the soup's flavor and I would tell anyone who wanted pho to come here.
4	Basic beef pho hit the spot on a cool evening along with tofu salad roll - fresh and tasty - suitable for my wife's avoidance of meat.The menu is ranging for most any palate and the entire restaurant is spotless.Nice people run the place and the prices are consistent with others of its type.  Proximity to my home in Anthem makes it a new "go-to" spot.
1	Okay~ not a fan at ALL!!! Meat WAS quetionable.. I don't know what type of meat they use but it is NOT BEEF!!! Not reccomended.. Chinatown has a nice soup u outta go there
5	I come here often and always have a great meal.  the service seems to get better each time and more efficient.  they really want you to enjoy yourself and have a great experience.
4	Stopped by here a couple weeks ago for a late lunch. The place is clean and has a tv on the wall. I'm not sure what channel it was on, but it was that program where they show you the process of making something in a factory. We caught it from the middle to the end. It turned out to be a garage door. I thought that it was pretty entertaining. I had the Pho Tai Sach w/my beef on the side. The veggies were fresh. The broth was good. The size of the bowl was decent. The beef was fresh and there was a good amount.I will give them another try next time I'm in the neighborhood.Thanks for lunch LiLy D!
3	The BF loves his PHO - not more than he loves me though- (let's hope) anyways, he told me that he spotted a Pho place in our area and was dieing to try it...So after weeks of saying not today I finally gave in.My first impression was that it was clean and decorated cute-it had a boutique feel to it. Which in my book was cool...On to the food-in the menu it looks like all of the Pho contains beef with the exception of one (chicken) but when we asked the nice waitress she said that for $1.00 more they can put shrimp instead of beef-Cool!!!-Iced Tea: Be aware that it is lightly colored yellow (like pee) and has an extra light taste so light that it just about tasted like my water. The waitress said it was a green tea not black and that it was meant to be healthy and have a clean taste-the BF loved it.-Cha Gio (Crispy spring rolls): This dish is what determines for me if I want to return or not. In Guam these spring rolls are huge and full of clear noodles,tiny bits of pork and veggies and flavored with lots of black pepper-hella good, I miss it. I'm always trying to find a place that sells something similar.This dish is served with big lettuce leaves for you to wrap the egg rolls in and pickled carrots/daikon(could've been pickled longer) to add with fish sauce to dip-These were OK - I hardly saw noodles and I would like them bigger-but still yummy..-Com Thit Nuong (Thin sliced grilled marinated pork): This dish comes with rice and cucumbers,lettuce and a sliced tomato- there is never any sauce for the salad in Vietnamese Restrauants- The pork was really yummy-it was marinated well and finger lickin good however I didn't like my rice-I am so picky with my rice and I don't like seeing the bottom of the pot in the middle of my rice-I want my rice shiny white and this scoop of rice didn't do it for me...-Pho Ga(Chicken broth): This comes with rice noodles,shredded chicken,and lots of green oinons. I liked the broth, I thought it had just the right amount of seasoning-so soothing on a cold night...-Pho Tai(with shrimp instead): The BF absolutly loves his Pho no matter where we're at-he adds his siracha sauce,limes,and basil and he's in heaven-so yes he loved this dish.I like that this location is close to home and not jammed packed so that we feel like sardines like at other Pho places. I think we will be back again....
4	new place ... very clean good service ... waitress is hard to understand english ... food was good as well ... i have tried the rice dish and pho portions on smaller side but was very tasty.
4	This is so good.  I often eat lunch here and the staff are super friendly and the food superb.
4	So I was up at Anthem visiting my sis.  Spent summer years (8) and finally college in Vegas and have seen so many good Vietnamese places come and go over the years.  Hard to find back in the 80's, but now so many.  Coming from So. Cal.  I take pride in knowing good Pho, vermicelli, and banh mi, especially as a white boy, hailing from the SGV.  Pho 79, Golden Deli, love it.  Pho MaiLan literally opened the day before and they did great.  Despite the economic climate, I was totally pulling for them.  The food and service was great.  I stop in every few weeks when I go visit sis.  Encourage you all to check it out!
2	Food was just ok.  Beef noodle soup was very oily and chunks of fat in it. Shrimp dish over crispy noodles was pretty good.  The servers here REALLY need some training though.  Food was brought out and we were on our own.....nobody to check if it was ok....offer more drinks...nothing.  However as soon as we had finished eating - the bill was dropped on the table.  (forget about offering us dessert or coffee) - basically 'please pay your bill and leave'.  They didn't even bother to clear our meal dishes away until we left.  I wanted to take some of the leftovers home and we were handed a plastic container and struggled to get the soup into it without dumping it all over the table.  They weren't busy so some help would have been nice.  Strange place.  For those prices I expect more.
4	I had a craving for Pho since a friend of mine posted a pic of hers at 3am.  So I yelped and found this fairly new place near where I live and was there 10 hours later for lunch.  The staff here is really nice and helpful.  Im not familiar w/Vietnamese cuisine except for Pho, so the waiter was kind enough to explain to me the pronunciation of the items on the menu.  I have tried both summer and tofu rolls. I love the taste & fragrance the mint leaves bring into them. The Summer roll has shrimp,pork and thin rice noodles wrapped in fresh rice paper wrappers and the same with the tofu rolls. It also came with a peanut dipping sauce. Pretty tasty and healthy appetizers.There were different types of Pho on the menu and you can also make your own combination. All of them come with a side dish of toppings.  Asian basil, bean sprouts, lime and jalapenos.  The Pho I had was Pho w/brisket flank.  The beef broth was seasoned well and pretty tasty. .It didnt seem or wasnt oily like what some other reviews I have read.  The meat was tender, sliced thin.  Overall I enjoyed my meal here.
4	This is PHO-tastic.  I really enjoyed this place.1.  All the Pho here is very good. No need to discuss the PHO menu as it is going to be personal to you. If you want chicken, tofu, veggies, different meats. If you want well cooked meats or odd meats (Tendons, tripe) it is all available and up to you. All you need to do to order a great PHO is to just figure out the meat you want...2.  Broth - tasty, clear, nice.  I tend to like a bit more of the green onion and bits floating around adding to the taste.3.  Other Dishes - Had the spring rolls and they were very nice.  Had the barbeque ribs as well and they were tasty.4.  Drinks- The green tea ice tea is very light and an odd color, yet it has a subtle taste.  If you like soda from fountain instead of can or bottle, this is the place.5.  Ambiance - very nice, bright, plenty of room. I kinda did not like the serving trays that hold the condiments as these seemed a bit dusty and collecting bits of stuff in it.  DONT look in it. Otherwise, very clean and nice.I say check this place out and enjoy it.
5	One of the best pho restaurants in town.  The waiters and waitresses are so friendly!  The decor is clean and modern, and it is one of those rare places where the food you order comes out looking just as nice as it does in the menu photos.The tofu spring rolls are delicious, as is the grilled chicken and rice dish. Great food, good prices, excellent service, and a nice atmosphere.  You really can't go wrong with Pho Mailan.
4	Walked in and was surprised this place didnt reek of pho like other vietnamese restaurants do. Its really clean, has modern decor, and excellllllent service! Even a good place to do large groups. We ordered:- meatball pho - nice and clear broth. we're so used to the LA pho thats laden with fat on top and MSG. LOL. I actually didn't taste the meatballs but the bf said he really liked it a lot- pho with crispy flank and marbled brisket (#7 i think?) - i looove the texture the flank! it was chewy and crunchy and so good. you will like it if you like cartilage-y stuff. the marbled brisket was delicious too. they also give you a good amount of meat in there- spicy noodle (their special) - this comes with the bigger rice noodles. the broth may look scary and spicy but it actually wasnt spicy at all (for me). it had pieces of lemongrass, galanga and other spices in there. very very tasty! and also, lots of meat in it- pork chop on rice - came with two big pieces of pork cooked perfectlyOverall, very good!! I love the selection, especially all the different types of meat you can get in your pho. Plus they have banh mi, rice dishes, and other things I wanna try. We will return!
5	We eat there almost every day. The staff knows us already. We love the food there. Service is fast and reliable.
3	The color combinations used with the interior decorations is far from your typical Vietnamese/ Asian design. I went with my mom and got the vermicelli noodles, with chicken, eggrolls & vermicelli noodles, with grill pork, eggrolls with the cold sauce that goes on top. The meat was well seasoned but a bit chewy. However, the lettuce, bean sprouts, and cucumbers they put inside were green and fresh. We also ordered chicken wings that were served with a sweet chili sauce. They put pepper in their flour batter that gave it a kick. They give you 20% off your whole menu as part of a promo they are running. Definitely take advantage of the promo! Other than the food that made me give them 3 stars, they had this asian sound clip that was about 20 seconds long that kept replaying, and it was loud too! By the end of the day, it was still stuck in my head! LOL
3	I've been to Pho MaiLan several times now. It's the closest pho joint to my house, which makes it the go-to by default. Mind you, I wouldn't keep going back if it sucked, and it definitely doesn't.The pho is decent--good quality meat, broth isn't bad, and they give you a fair portion--and the service is excellent (as long as it's one of the adults doing the servicing... the couple kids who work there definitely don't have the same customer service ethic). Definitely the friendliest of all pho places I've ever been to (although Lemongrass is a close second in that department).I've had several of the beef pho dishes as well as a couple of the vermicelli ones, one of the new banh mi specials (pork), and their new lemongrass grilled chicken plate. I'll break it down for you:* The sandwich had more teriyaki-type sauce on it than most I've tried (not sure what that sauce a actually is, traditionally), but was really tasty.* I'm not the hugest fan of the pho ga (chicken soup) as I find it pretty bland compared to the beef pho bowls, but that's true at pretty much any pho place I go. Oh a whim, I tried the mi van special (like the pho ga but with egg noodles instead of rice), but the noodles were super gross and it didn't have any more flavor than the pho ga. I definitely wouldn't recommend that one.* Ok, the lemongrass chicken -- well, it was definitely chicken, but it didn't taste at all of lemongrass, and seemed like it was actually covered in some sort of watery yellow curry (like the yellow curry used in Hawaiian cuisine, but waterier and with less flavor). Seemed overly salty, too, and I didn't bother eating my leftovers later. Oh well.Above varying food reviews aside, I'll still keep coming back for the friendly service & the decent beef pho. They're also always happy to give me extra scallions & onions, which makes my tastebuds happy!
4	I ordered too much.  I guess I am used to some places skimping on ingredients in the vermicelli bowls, but I was stuffed.  very clean,
4	Yummy Pho!  Definitely worth it during happy hour.
4	This is my go to Vietnamese place since its so close to my house.  The staff is probably the most friendly I've ever seen at at Vietnamese restaurant.  Their broth for the pho is very tasty and not overly fishy like some other restaurants in town.  Lemongrass chicken and the sliced pork are good too.  You can tell that they use high quality meats since they aren't overly fatty.  If you go between 3-6 pm you get 20% off too which makes this restaurant an even better deal!
4	I've only been twice but both times have been enjoyable and the food is very good! I really like the satay chicken and spring rolls... the Pho is pretty good going up against all the other places... this place has a great fresh smell too- which is nice when you're eating! I highly recommend it!
4	Normally, Pho in an upscale area is a rare occurrence. Then add the fact that the place is bright, spotless, and got an A grade by the health department makes it almost unreal for a Vietnamese restaurant. By no means am I criticizing the businesses of my people, but most of the places I use to frequent in LA were C grade.Pho MaiLan is a breathe of fresh air. The open feel and spread out dining area is a welcoming touch. To start my friend and I got an order of spring rolls ($4.95). They were two fat rolls filled with lettuce, mint, noodles, boiled pork, and shrimp. It was nice to bite into them and not come out with a mouthful of noodles. The peanut sauce comes with pickled daikon and carrots. It tastes even better with a spoonful of the chili sauce. Instead of getting Pho, I saw that they had a vermicelli rice noodle bowl filled with all my favorites. The Bun MaiLan Dac Biet ($8.50) was the perfect way to try a little of everything. The lemongrass pork was tender, flavorful, and plenty. If that was not enough, there was an eggroll, two pieces of grilled meat, a couple of shrimp, a mound of lettuce, mint leaves, and more pickled vegetables. It comes with a side bowl of Nuoc Mam. Spoon some over the whole dish, mix up, and it is a meal only a notch under my mom's level. Everyone is biased towards what we grow up with. My only complaint was that the meats were more on the salty side. My friend took a bite of it and said that he might forgo getting the Pho Dac Biet ( Regular $6.95) one day and order this instead. That in itself is an amazing feat, because he will spend a whole day hanging out at the house when my dad makes Pho and eat 4 bowls before the day end.We also got a Banh Mi Thit Nuong to go for a friend. The meat came in a generous portion. It kept it's warm and tenderness for quite some time. The lean meat and filling were good, but the bread needs more of a crunch. It was too doughy for my taste. It is more expensive than most places costing around $5, but the meat alone is worth it.
3	This place is as good as it gets away from Spring Mountain Road in Las Vegas.  I would definitely return because 1) it is close to my house and I don't have to drive 20 miles to the city 2) it is clean and 3) the staff are friendly.  As far as pho goes, it is ok.
5	As a Pho Connoisseur around the World, this is probably my Overall Best.  The family staff is always anxious to please you with the way you personally like the food prepared.  Presentation is always attractive, clean and classy compared to the other 100 or more pho restaurants I've been to.  Have never seen a bug anywhere here, never gotten sick from here. Portions and Prices are relatively average. Great Daily Specials!  Cash or credit card is welcomed.  Large menu with variety and they can even do some requests that are not on the menu. Owner runs a professional business here and is very personable to talk with at most any time. Overall best bang for the buck for Pho.   * Happy hour discount times are an added incentive over any competitors *
3	It's clean, and the staff are quick and friendly. I ordered the pho tai. It was decent but I would go to another pho place before I came back to this one.
3	The pho is not the best.  The service is good though.
2	I was dying to love this place. I'm a big fan of pho and have eaten it in many cities, including some in Viet Nam. Unfortunately, it was just bland. There wasn't that spark that identifies soup as pho, for me. I don't know what it was missing; I just know it wasn't there. The summer rolls were ok, but, again, missing something (the peanut sauce was awesome, though). The iced tea was very good. The setting and service were really quite good. Now, if they could just add the spark...
4	Absolutely pho-tastic!!! Everything on the menu is fabulous.  Plus they deliver!!
3	First thing I have to say is, very CLEAN. This is a big one considering that most pho places are not clean...I tried the Tofu Spring Rolls and Veggie Soup with Beef Broth. Spring rolls were good. The tofu itself was seasoned and grilled. It was warm on the inside when I took a bite. I had to make an exception for the beef broth (I'm vegetarian) because pho is always made up of a beef broth. There's really not much to say about this place. Average pho place that is cleaner than the rest pretty much sums it up.
4	I have tried many different pho places and I must say this is my favorite one!I usually order grilled pork plate, i think (the thin slices of meat). But anyways, it had a unique taste to it very different than the ones I usually had.  The food was very flavorful and it has a hint of spice to it.  I dont normally like spicy food, but this hint of spice was just enough to make me enjoy the flavors of it.The servers are pretty good and friendly. The prices are decent and its worth spending on :]
4	We like this place.  After moving to the area, we have probably eaten here more than any other local place.  As others have mentioned, some of the food is a little plain but the ingredients seem high quality and some of it is quite good.  As for the more moderately good things we have eaten there, it might just be that we have grown to prefer the depth of flavors that you find in Thai food over Vietnamese food, which seems a litte tamer.  But we still like Vietnamese food.  Also, we're not usually beef eaters, so we can't comment on that part of the menu which might well be the best part.What keeps us returning is that the relationship between price and what you get is very good.  Staff/owners are very friendly, place is clean, seating always available although there is a steady stream of people coming and going including some getting take-out, and the food is always at least good if not great.  I'm not sure of where else (at a restaurant with table service, anyway) we could get two main courses, an appetizer, and two hot teas, leave a 20% tip, and have spent less than $30 for two people.We'll be back, probably fairly regularly.
3	Pho is ok, sandwiches are tasty!
4	Pho MaiLan is one of my favorite pho restaurants in town and it just happens to be just down the street from my house. The food is reasonably priced and very tasty. The service is great to! While it is not as cheap as many of the pho places I am used to in SoCal, this place does not disappoint at all either.
4	Not bad in ambiance and price was not high. I enjoyed the spicy lemongrass and jalepeno chicken I chose. I would eat here again. Service was fine.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for Pho Mai Lan for awhile, but did not have a yelp account.  Then I realized, I use yelp all the time to find restaurants, that it is now time to contribute.  So, I've been going to Pho Mai Lan since it opened almost 2 years ago.  I would say for Vegas, this is up there with the best Pho in town.  I always order #6, beef, meatballs, and tendons.  They have a consistent fresh flavor.  This is the cleanest pho restaurant I've ever been to, and the vegetables are fresh everyday.  This beats driving to spring mountain and I think the quality and taste is just as good if not better.
4	Excellent Pho, and they are brave enough to use tripe and tendon. Good service, nice modern decor. Prices are amazing, especially for the portions you get. I will return whenever I can.
5	Well I gotta admit I am kind of a pho junkie.  My gf is half vietnamese so we are always hitting up the local places to get our fix.  Beings she is half vietnamese, and her family has some awesome cooks, I tend to know if the pho is good or just mmmmhhhh.  Pho MaiLan I really enjoy.  I have been here about 8 times or so and have gotten various things on the menu.  Unlike other pho places where the broth is really bland and very blah, pho mailan you can really taste the spices they use.  The eggrolls are yummy too.   The sandwiches I get occasionally to go for lunch tomorrow, but I would have to say that they aren't 5 star, maybe 3.  All in all its yummy, the staff is friendly, and it has free wi-fi for my entertainment pleasure.  :)
5	Love the food! My business partner n I go there twice a week. Waitresses are very nice n sweet :) see ya soon!
5	I came here for the happy hour special. I was pretty impressed. I had the combination Pho and it was really good. The broth had a little more flavor than other Pho places and it didn't taste like just cilantro. For people who like spicy I recommend putting in the jalapenos they serve with some chili garlic sauce.I also had some kind of Pork sandwich. I forgot the name. But it was also good. It was served on a crusty french baguette with cucumber slices and some sore of carrot/cabbage slaw mix. The pork itself had a sweet sauce around it, somewhat like General Tsos or Sesame chicken. Good service and the place was extra clean. I will be returning.Update.I've made this place my goto spot for Pho. After eating at at least 5 other Pho places, Pho Mailan easily has the best. It's super clean, the service is extremely friendly and the food is very very good. The happy hour special is great. During the week from 3-5pm they have 5 dollar bowls of Pho, and 3 dollar sandwiches. What a steal!My only problem with this place is that it's only open til 9pm, and since I work odd hours if i get the itch for Pho I have to travel to Spring Mountain and eat sub par alternatives in the middle of the night. I wish they we're open late!!!I've eaten at Pho Mailan like once every two weeks for the past 4 months and never have had one complaint.
3	The server Paul is awesome! He was very attentive. The pho was terrible! Probably the worst I've ever had. How can you mess up on pho? Three stars for exceptional service!
4	Great spicy pork sandwiches, wings, and PhoVery Clean PlacePrices are great!!!!
4	I drove by Pho MaiLan all the time going home. This is located on Eastern and Sunridge Heights. And finally i just decided to give this place a try.I give it a thumbs up!This is a Vietnamese noodle house.I ordered the pork with vermicelli and it came with the noodles. The portions are pretty big it filled me up pretty quickly.  The pork and the noodles were awesome! The pork was marinated to perfection and it was not chewy or tough. It was just perfect along with the vermicelli. The noodles were nice and fresh along with the veggies that came with it. You can tell everything was just cooked and not sitting in the fridge for a long time.I also ordered the fresh Vietnamese roll. That too was really good. Inside the fresh wrapped were veggies and vermicelli. You dip the rolls into this peanut butter base type sauce, which is mmmm mmmmm gooood!Overall:The service is great they filled your water up and did not have to be told.They have free Wifi so if you wanted to get some work done you can.This place is nice and quiet , really relaxing, different from those loud Pho places.I highly recommend this place. This is a must try. This goes on my top list of Vietnamese places to eat.
5	Delicious Pho! The broth was perfect - so yummy. The round steak was tender and flavorful. The portions are larger than normal - so a small bowl was perfect for me. I also tried the calamari which was so yummy! I loved the batter - more of a beer batter than usual - i dig. For beverages - our whole table got the club soda limeaide? It was so refreshing. Specially in combination with the hot steamy soup. The service was also particularly nice - I'm not used to being greeted with so many smiles at a Pho restaurant. I felt very welcome. I wish this wasn't so far away - I would definitely be a regular!
4	Talk about some real vietnamese food being delivered right to your door step ( 3 mile radius, I am 7 miles away almost got turned down but talked him out of it, yessir!) Thanks to the pictures of food and the menus on yelp which helped out awhole lot. The phone order was easy and smooth. It took about an hour due to 2 deliveries before mine but well worth the wait. We ordered the crispy fried spring rolls, Pho Tai Bo Vien, Combo vermincelli, vietnamese sausage and marinated slice pork vermincelli, and kalbi ribs with rice. The food was very fresh and really flavorful, everything was really tasty especially the broth of my pho, the kalbi ribs was the best, tender and packed with flavor.My family and I loved every bite. We will be ordering more to come.
5	ALWAYS GREAT FOOD AND HOSPITALITYOn this particular evening I went to Pho MaiLan (PML) to watch the first game of the World Series against the Detroit Tigers and my favorite home team, The San Francisco Giants.  I prefer to watch my sports and enjoy a decent meal in a restaurant setting rather than in one of the smoke filled casinos.Eric was there to to make sure the TV was changed to the right local channel, FOX sports. Enjoyed eating both the Beef Stew with Egg Noodles and the Vietnamese version of Seafood Chow Mein on crispy noodles.  The quality and quantity of both foods were excellent and the taste truly  "as good as it gets"!!Thanks PML for allowing me to watch the first game of the World Series where my SF Giants won, just like your foods are a winner in my book!!
5	This place has the best pho, I even got my husband into it! Prices are so cheap, I'm not sure how this place stays open. Cute and clean decor, and the crispy spring rolls are tasty. Nom nom!
1	pho is alright, nothing to brag about. service could of been better. Only gave 1star because the lettuce for our spring rolls was not fresh. the lettuce wasnt as crisp and as if it was not rinsed well enough.
3	My standard for Vietnamese food maybe a little high given the fact that I lived in SoCal about a 20 minute drive from Westminster/Little Saigon.While the service here is very good for an asian restaurant, and the restaurant itself is clean and modern compared to most vietnamese restaurants, the food was just OK. I ordered the Grilled Pork and it was too fatty and salty (even for me who likes to eat salty) :-(
2	When I first walked in I liked how the restaurant was very clean spacious and modern. That's about all I liked :( My husband and I went here for dinner on a Friday night and they were definitely overwhelmed with the amount of people in there. I'd say the restaurant was a little over half full. We ended up getting the wrong appetizer delivered to us, and the waiter spilled a bit of my husbands pho on his hands when he delivered it to our table. We both ordered pho and it was underwhelming. It wasn't very hot at all...just barely warm. It wasn't enough to cook the rare steak that was in my pho. The noodles were also overcooked and just mush.....blech. The broth was pretty weak and had a weird funky aftertaste to it too. Almost like a smokey flavor to it. I didn't care for it at all. No one came to check on us and we never got refills on our drinks.We waited a while to get our check and finally my husband just got up and went to the counter to pay. While paying I saw someone else got pho spilled on them big time. I was confused since I saw so many 5 star reviews on yelp which was why I chose to try this place out. Maybe I caught them on a bad night? They definitely need to get their act together or hire more servers. Give this place a womp womp. Don't think I'll be heading back anytime soon.
5	I love this place. It is the best and most affordable Vietnamese place in Henderson. Great staff/service and really relaxing atmosphere. I eat here as often as possible and love the happy hour deals! Definitely worth checking out.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. They have the best Bun Bo Hue in town!!!! Everyone needs to try it. I come here to get Bun Bo Hue AT LEAST once in two weeks. Their service is amazing. At times, the waitress/waiter forgets to pour water, but overall it's great. If this place ever goes out of business (knock on wood), I am going to cry. My favorite place to get Pho and Bun Bo Hue!
1	Just had dinner with my family. When we first came in, the place looks nice unlike other Vietnamese restaurants, not too crowded but service was horrible. Ordered soup first and appetizer but felt too rushed. Finally, some of the main meal arrived except mine. Waited and waited and finally asked the waiter who said I didn't order but 3 main meal. Told him to forget about it. I lost my appetite after waiting for a while. Then few minutes later the waiter came back and said here is your order who told me a few mins ago that I didn't have an order. I am tired of going to Vietnamese restaurants who has little or no customer care at all. Will never go back nor recommend this place.  Ester
5	I have been to Pho MaiLan at least 10 times. I always get the Pho Thai, and then add something new to try. So far I have not been disappointed, and I do not expect that I will be. Fast, friendly service and delicious food is why I continue to return time and time again!
4	Generous amount and quick service! The pho came hot and fast and was tasty. They had quite a lunch rush. I'd return.
5	Great food, good prices.  Will hit this place again when I come back to sin city!
5	One of my favorite places. Fresh ingredients, very flavorful and at a very reasonable price.
2	I'm from the Orlando, FL area where there are lots of great Vietnamese places so I have a good reference of quality. And I'm Vietnamese so I know what the dishes are supposed to be like. I travel to this area for work regularly so I was excited to try out this Vietnamese resaturant.  The first time I went there, I ordered Pho Ga and it was pretty good. The broth was a little bland, but I added some hoison sauce for flavor. Not the best assortment of herbs were provided, but I think this is catering to the American customers. The second time I went there I ordered bun (rice vermicelli) with egg rolls and grilled pork. That was the worst I've ever had. The egg rolls didn't resemble anything close to Vietnamese style egg rolls, the filling was strange and the egg rolls were burned. The grilled pork was not grilled crispy and extremely salty. The chili garlic fish sauce was not in the least close to what it should be. So I guess if you're just looking for pho, it's not bad, but my experience ordering something other than pho was not good.  On a positive note, the good parts: the wait staff was very friendly and attentive, clean and nice atmosphere. Overall, if I go back I'll only order pho, but I'm definitely going to try other Vietnamese places when I'm back for business travel.
5	#1 soup in las vegas !
3	This is a good place to find Vietnamese food if you live around the area and don't want to drive down to Chinatown.  I always order the grilled short ribs since I can't make them that well.  That's my go to dish and they've always been delicious and perfectly charred.  I've also had the banh mi there.  It's okay, nothing outstanding.  The service as well is just okay.  This place all in all is just okay.  Like I said, it's a good alternative when you're in the area and don't want to make the drive to more options in Chinatown.
5	I love this place.  I have a particular love for Hanoi Ca, otherwise known as Hanoi style fish preparation (grilled with dill and onions).  Not easy to find in most Vietnamese restaurants.  As a non Asian with a very western taste who likes most Vietnamese food as long as it is not too traditional (ie uses shrimp paste), I look for these types of Vietnamese restaurants who have westernized their menu.  We had our family reunion there, with lots of local and non local Vietnamese and myself.  We all left full and very happy with our meals.  My wife really likes Bun Bo Hue, which is also not often  well prepared, but here, she was delighted to find it very authentic.  Their combination pho made my mother in law very happy.The price was very reasonable and the quantities were generous.  The tables are designed for large family gatherings, but they have tables for small groups as well.  The service was good and the place was very clean, something also rare to find in many restaurants.  Hope that this place considers serving Banh Xeo, Vietnamese Crepe, in the future.
1	I ate at Pho MaiLan last night and it was an experience I regret.  I have recently been diagnosed with celiac disease meaning I can't eat gluten.  I asked my server who was a young man about the dishes containing gluten.  He assured me that a the beef in the vermicelli bowl did NOT contain any gluten in the sauce used to marinate the meat...Needless to say, he was obviously wrong.  If you have any food allergy at all, I suggest you find a different place to dine where your server has been properly trained to be more cautious of allergies.  A good server should always check with the kitchen about the different options available to fit that person's needs instead of saying what they THINK.  My server obviously doesn't have any food allergies or else he'd know just how careful you really have to be.  I feel disrespected as a customer and that my needs were taken lightly or unimportant.  I wasn't even even being difficult like some people are, I just have an allergy!! So, if you like things a certain way, or prefer things a certain way, I HIGHLY recommend passing on this restaurant.  If you have an allergy like me, don't even think about it.  It is not worth it.  The food is mediocre and the service sucks.  Overall, I am completely unsatisfied with the service. I have midterms this upcoming week and it's very difficult for me to study while throwing up constantly.  I will not be returning to this restaurant.
5	Great first experience for new neighborhood pho place.  I tried the pho thai, shrimp + sugar cane lettuce wraps and they were both great.
4	I come here for the Pho and the good service...I've been to other Pho restaurants in the Henderson area and service is just terrible.. Pho Mailan..the employees are nice and helpful with ordering when you're trying something new..nice flat screen on the wall, so dinners have been great while watching a game on TV.
2	My boyfriend and I love Vietnamese and wanted to try somewhere new. I looked at a lot of reviews and picked Mai lan because it sounded like people enjoyed it and the pictures were nice. When we got there it wasn't very busy and were seating in a booth. I was looking forward to my vegetable pho, as I am vegan, and it was brought to my attention they don't over vegetable broth!! I use to love ramen but its only chicken or beef broth offered so I converted to a pho lover! I'm very disappointed to hear they don't offer this because traditional pho is vegetable broth or so I've been told. Instead of pho I was suggested to try another noodle dish offered except it didn't have broth and was cold. I think it was call bun, but I may be wrong.It was cheap for what you got and the staff was kind. Ill be going somewhere else next time
5	I love this place ... Bun Bo Hue and Com Bo Luc Lac is so good...!!!
5	I love com Bo luc lac
5	Love this place. The food is delicious. And the service is great and It's super clean!
3	This restaurant serves good food, specially their spicy beef noodle soup. I am only giving it 3 stars because I once ordered a fresh spring roll for pick up after work, and when I got home and opened the box, they roll was dry and have week old lettuce, browning on the edges, very dry, well stored pork and shrimp stuffs. In short, it was awful.But I dont think it deserves a 1 star. They do serve some good hot noodle soups. Given a choice between this resto or Saigon 8 on Eastern and 215- I would go to Saigon 8.
5	I just can't way enough positive things about Pho MaiLan! This restaurant is amazing, not only for its Pho but for its customer service. This is a hometown restaurant where the servers know you by face (and sometimes by name) and greet you as you walk in the door. We have ordered the soup and sandwiches, both of which are absolutely delicious. Portions are plentiful at Pho MaiLan. I will continue to frequent this restaurant whenever I'm craving a delicious, hot bowl of soup with all the toppings, and when I want 5 star service. By the way, Ryan is a wonderful server. Keep up the great work!
3	Where's the beef?  I am use to more meat in my pho.  I fished out 5 slices...pretty weak!  The price is on the high side considering the size of the bowl & the lack of meat.  Flavor was decent...  The springrolls looked like an 8 year old rolled them.  I've made better tasting & more uniform springrolls at home.The place is hit or miss on service depending on who's working.  It's actually very good for the most part...the younger kid isn't the one you want waiting on you.  It's a clean place...they just need to iron out the wrinkles.  It's close to me so I guess I will eventually give them yet another shot, but this time trying out their rice dishes & banh mi.
4	I first stumbled upon Pho MaiLan in a delirum caused by the flu a few months ago-I know, shame on me for being out and about while sick. However, I was desperate for the hug in a bowl that is pho, so initially drove out this way to visit my go-to, Lemongrass, only to discover that the area was blocked off because of a car crash. A quick yelp search redirected me the other way on Eastern to Pho MaiLan which was an excellent, if not better substitute.Vietnamese restaurants aren't known for their great service, but Pho MaiLan breaks the mold and I'm sad to say I was actually  stunned at the friendly and attentive service I had on my first visit here. My second visit, the service wasn't as attentive, but still friendly.I only order one kind of pho wherever I go and for lack of better terminology, it's the kind with beef broth and beef slices. MaiLan had a solid, quality broth that wasn't over salted and the perfect balance of beef and noodles. It came with a fresh bunch of basil and bean sprouts, all of which I dumped in my pho in an attempt to boost myself back into wellness. It's one of the better pho experiences in town, thought I think Pho Kinh Do in Chinatown still holds out as my favorite.Also have had the combo banh mi which I put at the top of my banh mi list because of the bread. Look, bread can make or break a banh mi and MaiLan got it right both times I was here (months apart), so I'd like to think they hold themselves to high standards when it comes to banh mi bread and I can appreciate that. The sandwich itself was tasty and full of all of the pickled vegetables and peppers that make the banh mi so great, but if you can't take the heat I'd ask them to hold the peppers or put them on the side because they put a lot on the sandwich in my opinion.Overall, the restaurant is clean, bright with lots of seating. Prices are on par with other pho places which is nice for an area in which restaurant prices can be a little outrageous just because of the zip code. I'd definitely come back to explore the rest of the menu and get out of my pho comfort zone. Sorry Lemongrass, but I think we're going to have to break up.
4	We first tried this place when it opened a couple of years back and hadnt been back until tonight. We were contemplating picking up from Pho Saigon 8 but thought why not get from closer to home (about 5 minutes)? I have to say, very glad we gave this place a second chance.  Had 2 large orders of pho tai (rare steak) 8.00 each and an order of springs rolls (fried egg rolls) 6.00 for 4 rolls. I have to say the amount of noodles and beef was way more than my husband and I could finish! I am a very hearty eater by the way...Our large bowls at home were about to overflow with all the food and I actually didnt eat all of the noodles. Each of us had about 12 pieces of steak, which is generous. The broth was still boiling hot and when we poured it over the beef and noodles, the meat cooked instantly. The soup was flavorful, not overly oily and really hit the spot. the spring rolls were average, no worse or better than other pho places we've tried. It does seem though maybe take out is the way to go! The only downside was the green leaf lettuce that you wrap the spring rolls in was a little wilted and brown along the edges. Had they been really fresh, it would have almost been 5 stars. We will order from them again!
5	I have been in search for good Pho and so happy that I have found it.  Tastes great, good service, reasonable prices.  I have tried multiple Vietnamese restaurants around the area and this is the most consistent with everything - never disappointed.
5	This is the second time I've eaten here. Tonight I had the special which was Salmon Pho, thought this was interesting since I've never been anywhere thats offered salmon Pho. It was pretty yummy, I love salmon & I love pho so this was a great combo. Their broth is good, a lil oily but good. Their service is good as well. I was being difficult in seating because I wanted to see the TV since my team was playing but they were very accommodating. Restaurant was very clean and I was impressed with their decor, very modern & not your typical pho place. I will def be back.
4	Decided last minute to go get some Vietnamese. We were sat right away. The service was very attentive.I ordered a veggie pho, which was very good. Close to home and tasty, and unlike most Vietnamese restaurants, the service was good.
5	Two Years Later, and my Weekly Visit to MaiLan is Still the Same, Awesome!  I always get the All White Chicken Meat Chicken Broth Pho and add Tai (Filet Steak) to it, with extra noodles, Best in USA. Sometimes I get a side Pork Chop, which is so good I feel like I'm eating Filet Mignon sometimes!  My Vietnamese counterpart changes up with a variety of orders, which says a lot about the authentic quality of the Restaurant!
5	Friendliest, kindly people inside. Clean! Wonderful food. Enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. I am a no carb person and they brought my pho without noodles! That was one reason I had not gone to a pho restaurant before but my sister encouraged me to do so. Glad I did. I will be coming back on a routine basis for fresh delicious food!
5	Absolutely love this place. Been coming here for nearly 3 years and it is the best Pho in town. The employees are always great and the bossman is a real charmer! I love it here. It's worth the 20+ mile drive for some amazing service and delicious food!
4	We came here on a Saturday night and ordered 1. Crispy spring rolls, 62. Pho Tai Chin, 73. Bun Nem Nuong Thit Nuong, 8For $26- Nice seating. Spacious.- Can't speak to servers in Viet, but I liked Ryan's attempt to figure out what we ordered. He did have to come back and confirm our order after he went to the kitchen. He still forgot to take out the onions in the pho, but I guess it was our fault to test how authentic this place is. Haha. Great guy! Friendly. - Fried egg rolls similar to the restaurants in China town. Better than Lemon Grass. - The grilled pork and vermicelli was delicious. Yummy grilled taste. Fresh vegetables. Smaller than average sized portion. - Average sized pho portion. Tender beef but lacked in quantity. Broth was good. - Can't wait to come back during their HH. - Quite possible the BEST in Henderson! Better pricing/quality compared to others in town.
5	Bun Bo Hue and Hu tieu Bo Kho are both really good. Tasteful with the right ingredients and spice. This s a regular place for my wife and I.
2	Service was not so good tonight. We had to ask for utensils after they served our food. I ordered pho with tendon and got one lousy piece. When I asked for a few more pieces, it finally came but was not cooked all the way and was cold in the middle. We had to ask for things at least 4 times that should have been provided in the first place.
5	I love the variety of appetizer selections they have here. It's pretty vegetarian friendly too. Ordered  fried vegetarian egg rolls and the meatball pho.  The broth of their pho is really flavorful and fragrant. It comes with fresh mint leaves so you can pluck off and add to your liking. Egg rolls were pretty good too, filled with the thin clear noodles and veggies plus lettuce so you can wrap the egg roll like a lettuce wrap. I'm assuming that's what your supposed to do.  Service is always great. I was lingering there longer than usual and catching up with a friend and our server was really sweet and never gave us the stink eye to leave.Oh and the iced green tea is actually steeped from tea leaves and not those ground up teabags. Winning!
1	WILL NEVER come back here considering there are a couple of other better Vietnamese restaurants around the area. I ordered to go and got:Beef wrapped in betel leaf appetizerVermicelli with grilled porkSo I went to go pick it up and asked for an extra anchovy sauce that should come with the beef wraps. I've had this from other places and it usually comes with anchovy sauce AND on their menu it states "served with anchovy sauce". The employee (super nice btw) had no idea what I was talking about and said she would go and ask. Another employee came and asked me to elaborate. He then went back in the kitchen then came out and told me they were preparing it. I stood there a couple mins and the first employee came back and said let me check on it for you. Then I heard a voice from the back saying, "no there's no anchovy sauce. We don't have anchovy sauce. There's nothing. I don't know." So I figured okay they don't have it, whatever it's fine. But then the second employee walks out and hands me a container of some sauce. I ask if that's really anchovy sauce and he says yes. Really? You're going to lie to me? At that point I just grabbed my food and left. Reason for 1 stars:1. Don't lie to me. If you don't have it then just tell me that. Don't try to give me something else and try to pull a fast one on me. What if I was allergic to something in that sauce? Not cool2. Vermicelli was decent. BEEF WRAPS WERE NOT EVEN COOKED ALL THE WAY THROUGH. They pretty much gave me raw meat. The only part that was cooked was the outside. Completely pink on the inside. That is definitely not how it should be served. I was so disgusted. That's a health hazard. If you can't make a dish right then TAKE IT OFF OF YOUR MENU!!! It's that simple. I would give this place ZERO stars if I could. I'll pass on this place. Definitely not my go-to Vietnamese restaurant.
4	I go here from time to time as it's close to my work. Food is exceptional, service is good and place is clean. I can recommend this place.
5	For me personally I love this place. Always consistent. The service is good and its so close to my house! Seems like a family own business which makes the vibe even cooler. Everyone that works here is always very nice and accommodating! I've come here so much that they even know my routine! Makes me feel like I'm apart of the fam! Haha!
5	Perfect service, polite staff, clean restaurant, excellent Pho with perfect broth! We just stopped here on our way back from Arizona because we were craving Pho...everyone is satisfied with their dish!
4	I've been trying to decide whether to give this place four or five stars and it's a pretty close call. Last night was my first time at Pho Mailan as I'm new to the area. My first impression was a good one; clean, airy, comfortable atmosphere. Service was quick and I had nothing to complain about. There also seemed to be a lot of regulars which is always a good sign. The broth was fragrant and light, and was topped with plenty of greens and vegetables which I love. Pho is one of my favorite things ever, so I've had quite a bit in my day. I like to feel good about myself when I eat Pho, so I'm bummed when I get broth that is dark and oily and I feel disgusting afterwards. This had none of those qualities so I am assuming they don't use MSG, can't swear to it since I'm not an expert, but I felt nothing but happy about having a belly full of hot soup. My only complaint is that they only have two sizes for Pho... I would be thrilled to see an extra large on the menu. I also didn't see an "extras" section on the menu where you can double up on meat, get add on's etc., but I will definitely be asking the next time I go for Pho because I'll be back for sure.
3	Banh Mi without cilantro?? Blasphemy!! I was craving a good banh mi sandwich & after yelping for banh mi in Henderson, I found this Vietnamese restaurant that I had somehow previously overlooked. I had hubby pick up 3 sandwiches on his way home from work; the grilled marinated pork, the grilled marinated beef & the grilled chicken. The sandwiches themselves were pretty good although the meat is def not typical of what you get in a banh mi but more of what you would order on top of rice. The veggies were also a little over marinated for my taste. The biggest oversight though in my opinion, was the complete lack of cilantro. Wha??? That's prob my favorite part of the all mighty banh mi. The other issue was they said it would be 20-30 mins but when hubby got there right at 15 mins, they were sitting on the counter waiting for us which led to slightly soggy sandwiches. I would prob order from them again but I will def be sure to ask for the cilantro next time & arrive earlier & take my chances with a short wait.
5	For me personally I love this place. Always consistent. The service is good and its so close to my house! Seems like a family own business which makes the vibe even cooler. Everyone that works here is always very nice and accommodating! I've come here so much that they even know my routine! Makes me feel like I'm apart of the fam! Haha!
5	Best Pho we have found in Vegas!  Always friendly service, and the restaurant is very clean.  Also try the tofu spring rolls and a Vietnamese coffee (unique and much better than regular coffee!)
5	Was craving Pho, why is Henderson so void of such joints? Anyway, drove out from the southeast side in some pretty hideous traffic and we were both pretty crabby by the time we got there. They totally made up for it by being fabulous.It's a strip mall restaurant, but not small. Clean, well lit, with nicely modern decor. Eclectic music (from Vietnamese romantic singing to Frank Sinatra to what sounded like French chipmunks - haven't decided if that's a plus or minus). The waitstaff was friendly and efficient. Prices on par. Plenty of selection in and out of Pho.We ordered Vietnamese coffee and spring rolls. Both safe, both yummy. On to more complex.I went ahead with the "famous" spicy soup - seasoned beef broth, rice noodles, flank steak, tripe, tendons, and that weird spam-like beef substance that these things come with. Got my plate of sprouts, cabbage, jalapenos, and limes nice and early. When the soup came out, my first sip of broth was pure heaven. It made Jim cry & chug water, which means it was spicy enough for me, but not overdone.Jim got a chicken satay. Perfectly marinated. I got a bite, but that's all he'd offer, lol.I did have to ask for cilantro and basil, but he brought it out right away, freshly washed and plentiful. Enough to make my soup orgasmic and have enough left over for omelets in the morning.Totally worth the drive, will be back.
4	If you're in Henderson Seven Hills area, and love pho, this is the place to go. I've lost count how many times I've been here to satisfy my pho cravings, but I swear it got better with each and every visit. The combination bowl is worth every penny. There are two sizes available, regular and large. Unlike many other places, when you order a larger bowl, they don't just fill it with more broth. Pho Mailan fills it with more meat, noodles, and everything else to make the $1 difference completely worth it. Their appetizers are a bit on the pricier side ($6 for an order of spring rolls is a bit expensive), and that automatically docks one star from my review. But nonetheless, the food is great, the owners are very polite and courteous, and I can guarantee you won't leave dissatisfied.
4	Great Chicken Pho! I've never been disappointed with the quality of their food or their service. My kids love this place too! Pho Mailan has great happy hour food specials. I had never tried Vietnamese food before trying it here...and its got to be some to the best Vietnamese cuisine in Henderson! If you're in the area stop by...you'll be happy that you did:)
4	Service is always wonderful here. They greet you right away and you can sit wherever you would like. The restaurant itself seems very clean and set up nicely. I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 because the food is tasty but if I'm comparing to other Vietnamese restaurants around town, I would have to say it's mediocre. The broth is a bit on the watery side and so is their siracha on the tables. They also pack way too much lettuce into their fresh spring rolls in order to make it appear more full. The prices are fair though and I'm actually a fan of their Asian chicken wings. I would still say to give it a try yourself.
4	If you want the best Bun Bo Hue (BBH) in Vegas, Henderson, North Las Vegas and Summerlin, then Pho Mai Lan is the place to go.  We've been here several times since August, 2013 just to get the BBH.  It's authentic BBH and full of flavor.  However, we would not recommend anything else on the menu.  We tried rice dishes and appetizers and were not impress with any of them.  Waiters and waitresses were super friendly.
5	Wow... I can't even come close to expressing how happy I am to find this place. I just moved here from CT and there was only 1 place in all of the state that was worth eating pho at. I had to drive all the way to Boston or NY for good pho. I've tried lemongrass, there service was typical Vietnamese service(order, eat your food and get out) and their food was not even close to being good enough to deal with poor service to come back. Been to pho Annie's and pho Kim long.... some dishes were good, but if you're talking about pho or bun bo hue nothing is like Pho Mailan. I've given up all hopes of finding a good pho place, but then the Pho gods delivered an UNBELIEVABLY GREAT ONE instead. Let's justsay I cried a little while eating my meal and followed it up by walking into parked car after leaving bc I was in heaven and didn't notice the fixed hunk of metal I was gonna walk into. Walking into a parked chevy did not damper my just then incredible pho experience one bit. Oh and talk about great customer service... THEY HAVE THAT DOWN PACKED!!! Going back right after this review. I went 2 days ago. Hehe :-)
5	The service is always friendly and the food is great!  I've never seen it very busy either.
4	Came here last week.  The food was good, I don't have any complaints about it but my wife is Vietnamese and so has very high standards as to her critiques.  So it wasn't mind-blowing Pho so thats why only 3 stars.  However what is worthy of noting is the great service we experienced when we were here.  Unfortunately we sat in a booth that was neighboring two girls who were seated behind my wife.  These girls were absolutely disgusting: they were burping loudly, singing loudly (horribly), throwing stuff at each other, and just being completely rude, childish, and disruptive.  At one point water starts dripping down the booth almost getting my wife's clothes wet.  The manager happened to be there and I pointed to it and he looked up as if it was the ceiling leaking, I told him where the source was from though: the girls.  He very politely asked them to stop throwing spit balls (yup, they were shooting spit balls at each other and throwing ice cubes), and they were very rude to him saying "what? what?" Then my wife got up turned around and told them to knock the shit off.  To our surprise they weren't 15 year old girls but two 26 year olds, one of whom was wearing scrubs (geeze I hope she's not an actual nurse)  He apologized and apologized to us like 5 times, which was awesome but we wish they would have apologized to him.  Anyways they left him a nasty note and we left him a good tip.  But that attitude you just rarely see: the one where the manager is ensuring the experience for all his guests is a good one, with total disregard to whether or not it is his fault or the fault of others.  This guy deserves a raise, he is a great worker here.  And for that I have upped my review to 4 stars.
5	We're not from here but stumbled upon this place while looking for somewhere to eat dinner at. I love Vietnamese food, and this place did not disappoint. I typically get the bun (noodle) dishes and enjoyed it very much. We came back again tonight, two days later.
5	Absolutely wonderful!  We came in from Spokane, WA and decided to try this place from seeing other Yelp reviews.  The food was fantastic!  Very fresh and lots of flavor!  I loved  B-18 on the menu.  It was so good, we came back 2 days later to have it again.  That says a lot when you are in such a large area with so many food options.  We will be back when we come back to Vegas.  This is a Must Try food location!
5	By far one of my favorite Pho eateries in Henderson. I've tried several surrounding ones and Pho Mailan has won me over. Servers are friendly, free wifi, atmosphere is awesome, and their food is delicious. Must try their spring rolls, egg rolls, and of course their pho! Thanks Pho Mailan for always fulfilling my pho cravings!
5	My favorite Vietnamese resturant in town. Food is awesome and the staff is so friendly! Very clean Resturant to. High recommend.
5	I came here for lunch and ordered the chicken and egg roll vermicelli bowl with a glass of unsweetened iced tea (I didn't specify what kind of tea, expecting the usual restaurant fare of black tea, and received a tasty glass of jasmine which complimented the meal quite well). Our server was very friendly and our food was brought to the table quickly, the dishes mixed by our server right at the table. The food itself was scrumptious, and there was far more of it than either of us expected for the price. All in all, an excellent lunch experience.
5	My husband and I discovered this place on one rainy Sunday. We were always going to Lemon Grass but wanted to try something different. What I love about this place is the tofu spring rolls...they're huge and delicious!! Their broth is always consistent and hot and service is awesome and the food comes out fast. Glad we found this place.
5	Been here a lot of time but my menu has changed since I don't eat meat anymore. With My lan they have variety of seafood on their menu. I'm glad this restaurant  is near my work so i can stop by after work. Oh and their customer service is superb, not to mention the owner is very friendly and courteous. Love this place.
5	I really like this Vietnamese restaurant. The food is always good, service is always friendly and the place is always clean...and doesn't smell funky. I used to come here a lot when my office was still in Anthem. I would always get a bowl of pho or grilled pork chop.Pho:I normally get a bowl of pho with any of the following: brisket, flank, and steak. The broth is excellent. They have different combinations including one with salmon. 5/5Summer Rolls:Shrimp, pork, vermicelli, and greens wrapped in rice paper. The 2 rolls are cut in half and served with a peanut dipping sauce. 5/5Roasted Pork Spring Rolls:Roasted pork, vermicelli, and greens wrapped in rice paper.  Again, the 2 rolls are cut in half and served with a peanut dipping sauce. The pork slices have that grilled taste to them. 5/5Bun Dac Biet:Fried egg rolls, grilled pork, pork sausage, grilled shrimp, cucumbers, bean sprouts, and peanuts on top of vermicelli. You get that vinegar + fish sauce on the side. My friend who absolutely hates egg rolls loved it. 5/5The service here is always great. I joke around with the employees. In general, the place is clean but sometimes it takes them a while to clear out tables.
5	Pho is great here and excellent service. Happy hr is legit and I will keep coming back!
5	This place is great and the staff is super friendly.  I'm no Pho expert, and they're more than willing to answer questions about the many options on the menu.   It's really delicious and I'll be returning often.  Oh!  If you show up in the afternoons (3pm-5pm I think?) it's happy hour, and a bowl is only $5!
5	Nice, clean family run business. Very nice ambience, super friendly staff and the best part-food is fresh and delicious! Summer rolls are huge and freshly made, rice bowl dishes just the right size, and the shrimp fried rice-so light and yummy with grilled medium shrimp (not those tiny ones normally used). Highly recommend.
4	Stellar service and very good food.We tried rolls and a sandwich... next time we'll hit their noodles.
4	Good. Was in the general area and in a pho mood, and chose this one because of four Yelp stars. Right on target; a solid four. We ordered P2 and B15 and the bill was under $30 including tax and tip (can't hate that). Service was very good. Wouldn't hesitate to go back, if we are hungry in Henderson.
4	We love this place this is our favorite new place for pho.  Fantastic lunch place and great deal $5 for a bowl of pho.  I would of giving it five stars except during dinner hours they do get quite busy and they lack in service.
4	The Spring Rolls are amazing!!  This a really great Vietnamese restaurant.  Not just Pho.  All sorts of wonderful things!  The service was very attentive and the menu creative and lovely.  The ingredients were super fresh and I just loved it.  I'll be back!
4	I've had trouble finding a really good Vietnamese restaurant in terms of both quality of food and service. Many Oriental places have fairly surly or indifferent service (I can say this because I'm Oriental) but Pho MaiLan was outstanding on both counts. We had roasted chicken on rice and short ribs on rice, as well as incredible shrimp paste and smoked salmon rice paper salad rolls.  The service was very attentive and not too busy even on a Friday night - it's a little bit of a drive from central Henderson (being near Horizon Ridge  Parkway on Eastern) but it's worth it. My wife and I will be back soon;.
5	My favorite pho restaurant I probably eat here 3 times per week everything is yummy and staff is wonderful
3	We were hanging out and running errands in Henderson all day Saturday and worked up a mean appetite. It was 95 degrees out, but that didn't stop our hot bowl of pho cravings! We decided to give this place a try, since most of the yelp reviews were tried and true. Luckily we came at 4:45pm, just in time for happy hour, which is from 3-5pm (everyday)This is what we ordered from the happy hour menu: all $5 eachChao tom (shrimp cake/ shrimp patty) spring rolls - It was 2 rolls cut in half, making it 4 pieces and it was lacking so much! There was a paper thin piece of (chao tom) shrimp patty and it was all lettuce for the most part. The hoisen dipping sauce was tasty, but I just couldn't get past how skimped they were on the rolls. Not worth it, even at the happy hour price of $5. 1/5Spicy chicken wings - These came out fresh from the fryer in 8 good sized, meaty wings. These were incredibly crispy and saucy! Packed with flavor, salty sweet, and spicy. I love how they were not afraid to pack on the flavor on each wing. Definitely finger lickin' good! 5/5Pho dac biet (beef special pho) - the broth was good, yet the tendon was not tender and not good cuts. My boyfriend took them all out of his soup since he couldn't eat them - which is odd and not like him at all, since he loves tendon. Yet, for $5 for a small bowl, it's a good deal. 3/5Pho ga (chicken pho) - the broth was good as well, but I couldn't really enjoy my chicken - they were pretty dry slices. Overall it wasn't the worst pho ga I've ever had and for $5 a bowl, it's still a great deal. 3/5An hour after dinner we were the thirstiest we've ever been - I felt super dehydrated. As you an imagine, the food was very salty. Oh well, I guess If you want big flavor, you have to expect to be salt-bombed.
5	I loved the food here! The grilled chicken in my vermicelli bowl was so tender and the fish sauce tasted wonderful- all veggies were super fresh.  I had the pho the next day and it was perfect! I switched out rice noodles for glass noodles.  Will def go back next time I'm in Nevada.
5	I love this place! Its so clean and inviting & the staff is always nice and Professional.  And the food is delicious! I always get the Pho and mmmmm :) so yummy! I would recommend all of my friends and family here!
3	Finally decided to try this place so I could compare it to Pho Saigon 8 down the street. Pho Mai Lan is a nicer / cleaner restaurant with better service. Their menu is extensive. They were really good about splitting the bill and didn't rush us (but were prompt when we asked for it).  I had the bun cha gio thit nuong (cold vermicelli with grilled sliced pork and crispy egg rolls), which was good, but the vermicelli was a smidge overcooked for my taste. I also had the nem nuong cuon (roasted pork rolls / spring rolls), which were alright. The rice paper was fresh and not dry/thick, but the filling was mostly lettuce and not that interesting. The roasted pork was also not the same as the kind I'm used to finding in spring rolls, but it was tasty nonetheless. Unfortunately, since I've never had the bun at Pho Saigon 8 and I have yet to try the pho at Pho Mai Lan, my goal of trying to compare them was not met. whoops! I'll definitely be coming back to give the pho a try.
5	$5 for chicken Pho!! You betcha. It was great as well. I'll definitely be coming back. Friendly staff that kept my water glass full.
4	Nice, clean environment and you won't have to wait to be seated. Servers aren't the best I've had, but the food is great if your craving Vietnamese food. I to-go the B1 combination for home and it's flavorful. As for Pho, the P1 special combination is a personal favorite. If you like Vietnamese food, Pho Mailan is a great option.
4	I was very happy with the awesome service I received. It was just myself and my baby going in so I could try the place out. I didn't feel rushed. I was taken care of. Lunch specials were shared with me when I came in. My water was always refilled, and when I was given a box the server that helped me was so nice he even brought me extra lime and bean sprouts to take home. I felt terrible my baby started crying and knocked the paper mat into the floor but they were friendly to me no matter what
2	I always go to Pho Saigon8 for my Vietnamese cravings, but this time, I thought... why not give Pho MaiLan another shot since it's been a while since I've been there & technically, it's closer to my house.  I called to place a togo order.  I spoke to a gentleman and I ordered the Summer Rolls and the bun cha gio thit nuong (sliced pork & eggroll vermicelli).  I also asked for a side of "hot sauce" to go since I like my food spicy.  I was told that it'll take 15 minutes.  30 minutes later, I entered Pho MaiLan.  I was greeted by a server and I told him I have a pick-up order.  He walked me to the register and said, "Summer Roll, Bun, and a soup, right?!"  "No -- no soup for me," I said.  "No?  You didn't order soup?  Are you sure?""Yes, I am sure.  I asked for extra hot sauce though.""Oh?  It sounded like you said you wanted a small pho when you called.  And I figured you meant you wanted small soup.  So, are you sure you don't want the soup?  It's only $1.""Yes, I'm sure ... I just want the fresh rolls, my noodles, and hot sauce please.""The soup is only $1.  Are you sure you don't want the soup?!"SERIOUSLY?!!!    By this time, I was getting irritated.  "Listen, I do NOT want soup even if it's a dollar.  If I wanted soup, I would have ordered soup.  So, please,... can I just pay for my order?"  He took my payment and disappeared.  10 minutes later, there was still no sign of him.  I was baffled because first, I was told my food would be ready in 15 minutes but it's been well over 30 minutes since I walked in.  The restaurant was not even busy so what's taking him so long?!   As I'm hovering by the cash register, an article on the wall caught my eye... it reads...DRAB SERVICE MARS A GOOD MEAL at Pho Mailan by AL MANCINI (http://lasvegascitylife.com/sections/eat-drink/dining-out/review-drab-service-mars-good-meal-pho-mailan.html).  This article was printed on May 8, 2013.After reading the article, I shook my head.  Why the heck would the Management team frame this article and post this proudly in their restaurant?!  Is it to warn the customers that their service has NOT improved at all since 2013 and that we should just deal with it?!  Could it be the same server who help Al Mancini with HIS order?!  LOL!  Finally, another waitress passed by and I stopped her to inquire about my togo order.  A minute later, she came back with my order and said, "Here you go!  Sorry for the wait."  Whatever happened to the dude who took my order?!  Maybe he was pissed I didn't want the soup?! Oh - yeah,... the food.  The Summer Rolls were good.  The bun... Meh!  The sliced pork were salty and fatty.  I think I should drive further to Saigon 8 next time.
4	Great food so far I have my new pho soup spot.  Pretty clean.  Service can be awesome.  Thai iced tea is pretty good.  Been here several times now.  They even have a happy hour.  Egg rolls have fish in them however still very good unfortunately my wife is unable to eat them because of the fish.
5	Best pho in Las Vegas.This place has become our favorite in Las Vegas. We have always have a good experience.I usually do beef & flank pho and a side order of summer rolls. Highly recommend this place.
1	I don't know how this place got such a high rating. The place has plenty of parking and looks great....First sign of trouble was when we were the only Asians there. Second sign of trouble was when the other tables rice dish comes out before our pho even though they ordered after us. Pho is pretty easy to make, the broth should be made already and all you need is to add the noodles, meats and garnishment. Ours took over 30 minutes for a party of four.  Admittedly they were crowded but like I said the rice dishes came out before the pho. The broth was bland, the veggies were sparse and there was hardly any meat. They pretty much ignored us, didn't give us napkins. When they brought out or dish, they asked who had the p6?  We asked which one is that and they said I don't know, it's the p6....  We just told them to put the bowls on the table and we'll sort it out ourselves. Also, if you do decide to eat here, be sure to get here a good hour before they close because these guys want to get home and will lock the doors and turn away people an hour before they close.
4	Overall really solid pho. I've had some appetizers here and none have blown my socks off, but the pho is super tasty. Service is decent and the restaurant is nice and clean - definitely a good go-to spot.
3	Came here due to high ratings. The place looks rather nice and the service was good. I had ordered a Large Bowl of Pho and was so disappointed. I can nearly eat most Pho and say they all taste the same, but if I dislike it...that's pretty bad. In this case, Pho Mailan, you're a winner. The meat was thick and hard to chew on. The veggie dish for our pho did not look fresh, but rather old. Their broth was so bland, I had to add tons of hoisin sauce, but that still didn't cut it. My Brother-in-Law, however enjoyed his bowl. So out of 9 of us, 4 did not enjoy this visit. So u be the judge. He also ordered Thai Tea , but did not finished it. I suggest ordering a small bowl to try them out before you waste your money on a large bowl. Just in case...
4	I come here often for lunch. Its a very clean and friendly restaurant. Today I ordered vermicelli noodles with beef instead of pork w/egg rolls. It was delicious as always. I ordered a dessert to go. It had coconut juice, jackfruit, jelly, and other fruits w/shaved ice. Very refreshing!!!
5	P2 and you're in pho heaven. They don't rush you out. Toddlers do get place in the corner table but as a parent I can appreciate that
3	Came here in a group of 6. We ordered egg rolls to share (4 egg rolls in 1 order for $6) and individual entrees. I got the combo vermicelli bowl. Food: 2-3 stars. I'm spoiled and hail from southern California, where I can find delicious Vietnamese food. The egg rolls were dry and hard. The skin had no texture other than being hard and crunchy. It's just nothing in comparison to something like Golden Deli in socal. I also didn't like that the only veggies that came with the egg rolls were lettuce and some carrots. Usually the places I go also include bean sprouts and cucumbers as well. The combo had a little bit of everything. I figured it'd give me a pretty good window into what Pho MaiLan has to offer. The bowl was filled with vermicelli and lots of lettuce and peanuts and bean sprouts (that's a plus for me). It also came with pork sausage (it wasn't very good), 2 little grilled shrimp (lacked flavor), grilled pork (had a lot of excess fat), and a fried egg roll (see comments on egg rolls above). Having tried a variety of the foods they have to offer, I wasn't impressed. But I mean it wasn't awful. It just was.  Service: 4 stars. Despite the whatever food, they had really good service. The owner (I think?) and wait staff were all very nice and attentive to our party. We never had to ask for refills, and food came out quick. While the service is good, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. I've realized Vegas is not exactly a place of good Asian food, and therefore if I'm craving any Asian food, location/convenience is usually one of the main things I consider since all the restaurants I've been to are typically mediocre at best. There's been a few places (ex. Soyo) that have exceeded my expectations, but most have been a letdown. I'm sure I'll discover more gems over time.
5	I am so excited that the wife and I decided to try this place! We decided to give it a try 3 weeks ago and we have been back twice since. The food is delicious, the waiter gives great suggestions and has a great sense of humor. The decor is clean and nicer than the other places in town. We have tried a few different items from the menu and have loved each one
4	My boyfriend thinks their fried rice is the best is ever eaten. I love their pho and the spring rolls. I feel like they up their prices because of the location, but it's our go to when we are having a lazy night and want some grub. I love the decoration.
5	I was expecting this pho restaurant to look just like any other pho places here in vegas but I was pretty intrigued by the modern cute look of it inside. We started of with fried egg rolls which tasted typically like any other egg rolls you get anywhere else (yummy) then we ordered Bahn Mi Dac Biet (Vietnamese sandwich) and Pho Dac Biet. The pho was pretty good that's probably for the most part why I gave this place a 5 star and also the look of the restaurant and good service. I would definitely come back.
5	Love Pho Mailan! The chicken pho is the perfect comfort food and the combo Bahn mi is delicious! My son really likes the egg rolls! The restaurant is very nice inside and the service is great :)
2	This place is usually good but today not so good! Order Pho' and I can say literally swimming in fat oil. My mouth feels like it has so much grease that a cup of water and hot tea cannot take away. On a positive note the service is great and the staff is friendly.
5	Best pho I've ever had. Egg rolls were amazing too. Home made lemonade and coffee. Staff is extremely friendly. Great place to bring kids for dinner
4	Affordable, fast, and yummy.  We'll definitely visit again!I ordered the B4 (Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong) which is a vermicelli bowl with pork and imperial rolls.  It was pretty standard, nothing fancy.  The pork had great flavor and was tender, plus there was a lot of it!  The imperial rolls were delicious, too.  My friend ordered the BM2 (Banh Mi Thit Nuong), a pork sandwich.  They said it was also pretty good.
3	I decided to try a new Pho location other than Jenni Pho. This one had good reviews and I just so happen to be on this side of town. It was really busy which is always a good sign. However, the pho tai nam lacked a lot of flavor. The broth needs more spices and flavor to it. I had to add a lot of extra items to the pho that I usually don't add to get some type of flavor that was digestible. I definitely will not be returning.
5	This place is awesome!
5	We finally found our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant. Great ambiance, friendly service. The food is tasty!  Been to 2 other Vietnamese restaurants and this one is the best. Tried B1 - Combo Vermicelli bowl & P13 - Seafood Pho. Love it!  We will be back!
5	I will not eat Pho anywhere else after discovering this place! My husband and I are regulars and are always treated with so much respect. They are so sweet to our son and always have our food out within minutes of us sitting down. Best service, best staff, and best food
1	We came here to try their foods, and found very dissatisfied.1) We ordered their Pho, and asked for slices of lemon to  be put into our ice water, to illiminate it's chlorine smell, also to squeez into the soup. They said that they do not have it. How can a Vietnamese restaurant does not have lemon for their customer?2) the Pho came like a luke warm water, and the beef was overcooked.3) we ordered BBQ chicken and egg rolls on the top of rice. Their egg rolls were ok, but, the BBQ chicken was darker and burnt.On a whole, their foods, from our experiences, are not qualified to be called as VIETNAMESE foods
5	Stopped in for lunch and ordered something new and was surprised by the flavor and meat in the stew !! Awesome tastes like a mother's cooking in the back !!!
5	Fantastic service with friendly smiling staff from the moment I walked in. Atmosphere is bright and clean. Incredibly fast service with deliciously fresh flavors. So worth the drive!
3	Nice ambiance,fast service.Food here are ok.My friend and I ordered Pho Tai/pho Tai Chin.I ordered Pho Chay(Vegetable) and fried egg rolls(Cha goi).The food were ok not bad but not outstanding.However,I am not sure whether I will come back to this place again since there are better Pho places in the area.
1	Just picked up some pho tai from there on the way home. Broth so cool beef wouldn't cook. If you want some crappy cold pho give them a shot!
4	Good local vietnamese spot if you're in the neighborhood!!  The Bun Bo Hue Mailan and Pho Combo are both very good.  The Bun Bo Hue is filled with good cuts and also has a good amount of side veggies for you to add into your noodle soup.  The soup for the pho is on the lighter side which I like a lot.  The fried eggrolls and the the spring rolls are both decent, nothing special about them but they are good and what you expect.  The place is very clean and roomy, the service is usually really good.  Tien is really quick and friendly.
5	Excellent Pho is a nice atmosphere!  Delicious!! Generous portions, clean tasting and good prices.  It's in a quiet part of town in Henderson on south Eastern Ave. I highly recommend this place.
1	Was very disappointed with this place.  Been going to a ramen place down the street for a while and always leave full and happy.... came here after hearing all the hype about pho and wasnt happy.  i totally would pick ramen over pho any day!!!!the egg rolls were very good and that was the only good thing about the dinner!
4	PHO OFH RETARDS. Writing this at Pho. Absolutely terrible service in fact one of the worst places I've ever been. It's full of retards, I didn't know if we sat on are own or escorted.  My lemonade was brought with a spoon in it no straw, not to sure if it's a Vietnamese thing or what. The food however is absolutely fantastic and delicious. Great food with terrible service is better than terrible food with great service.  I finally got a refill at the end of my meal and instead of replacing it with lemonade they gave me water.
5	Great pho soup!! Combo bahn mi sandwich was phenomenal! It had plenty of meat. They also don't skimp out on amount of shrimp in pho noodle soups. Great service As well!Overall great experience!!
4	Good Pho on this side of town.
5	The food is very good for various selection of Vietnamese food! Pho is good as well as the rice and noodle dishes..,my favorites are chicken salad, lemongrass chicken with rice medium hot and combination bahmen sandwich. Staff is very friendly.
5	Every time I am sick I head here! The pho #2 is my go to, as I am weird about meat and the flank steak is thin cut. However don't be alarmed when you get it to go it is raw, but it cooks in the soup! I tried the shrimpPho, and it was tasty as well. You get a lot of shrimp. But pho #2 is amazing. Plus when you call for takeout it is ready in like 10 minutes. Overall really great pho, if you live in the area I recommend!
5	Wow.Found a Vietnamese restaurant that has: 1. Friendly, attentive servers that give great service and no language barrier2. Yummy food and drinks at reasonable prices3. Exceptionally clean tables, floors AND restroomsI thought I'd never find a place like this in Vegas! The prices on the menu are a dollar or two more than other Vietnamese restaurants around town (and much farther away too) but I don't mind, I LOVE this place! I'll keep coming back whenever I want a clean bowl of pho and hope my experience is always good as my first :)
