5	Legends is a great new sports bar between Odana and Mineral Point on Grand Canyon Dr. I enjoyed that they serve Ale Asylum beer on tap. Also, this place has $.29 buffalo wings during big games and these wings are fantastic! I ordered them and expected something equivalent to Pizza Hut wings (Pizza Hut wings taste like they are boiled and then baked), but I was blown away with how well these wings are prepared -- Wow! The wings have a great buffalo sauce flavor with a perfect crispiness to the outer wing (I find a lot of restaurant wings are without the crispiness) -- these really are as good as they get and for the price, fantastic! Packed with TVs including a huge projection screen.
2	It's okay.  They seem to have a lot of drink specials, and they had quite an extensive food special menu for the day I was there.  I wouldn't get the ribs next time, boiled meat with alot of barbecue sauce poured over the top.  Plenty of tv's, and the waitress said they couldn't make the Mojito I had order because they didn't have fresh mint for it, much to their credit.  Must be the place to take the kids on the weekend, because despite the Chuckie Cheese across the street, most had kids in tow.
3	Legends is a great sports bar with plenty of seating and televisions. Their drink selections are impressive and their food is alright. The service is very friendly, but not very attentive. This is due to a low amount of bartenders and a high amount of customers.On the bright side, their knowledge of drinks are impressive and their suggestions for beer are spot on. This place isn't the greatest, but I still find myself coming here time and time again.
3	Long before I went to Legends my friend raved about their .10 cent wings so I couldnt wait to try this place!!  Well there were a little more to the wings being .10 cents.   First of all it had to be during a Badger or Packer game and the wings were more like .30 cents, which still wasnt bad.I like this place.  They have really great wings, the prices for drinks are very reasonable and the crowd is super cool, at least they seemed that way after drink 5!!
4	Best sports bar in Madison outside of Brats. Especially awesome for UFC and boxing -- it gets to be a full house on those events. Most of the food is pretty good and solid wing and shrimp specials during games.
3	Went to watch UFC with a friend. Wings were on special and were decent. Our waiter was completely inept and dropped half our food coming out of the kitchen.  Check seemed to be more then it should.  Waiter probably messed that up too. It gets packed after 10pm. Great people watching.
4	Great place and good people.  You won't be alone on game day, and jell-o shots may be present when WI teams score. They can reserve tables for you and your group for a good deal. I also believe there are food specials during some.The reconstructed volleyball court is awesome, and it helps they have a spring-summer and summer-fall season, so if you can't do one, you can do the other. Servers will come to player tables for drink orders so you aren't constantly on and off the court & can have a fresh one when you jump off the court. Winter broom ball is a great option for a winter team sport that is not bowling. The Tiki bar outback is a great addition to the outdoor patio.  An opportunity to hang out in the nice weather, watch sports on the tv, and scope out the volleyball scene. Also have some good bands when scheduled and plenty of tvs inside, where they'll accommodate when possible to the game you're looking for. The other day they placed the Jets game for us on two tvs. Took a couple minutes, but they had no objection.
3	I need to be honest about this review; I wasn't quite the most sober of individuals when I visited here with my wife and some friends. We had just returned to the hotel down the road after The Great Taste of the Midwest. All of us were hungry; we didn't want to go far because, well, we just returned from The Great Taste of the Midwest. When we walked in, it wasn't too busy and we were seated right away. Our waiter was really nice and helpful. We all placed our orders. Of course my wife and friends were difficult with theirs, "Hold the onions, extra pickles, No ketchup, etc. They are a very demanding group) the only request I had was that I wanted my Black Jack Burger cooked medium. Again, I can't comment on the flavor of the food. Everything tastes much better than it really is when you have been drinking beer for 5 hours, the only thing I can honestly say as a negative was that when my burger arrived, it was well done. I didn't complain because I was hungry and didn't want to wait. I did provide feedback at the end of the meal.  Everyone else's order was correct... yea they had the difficult ones and it was right! Overall we all seemed to like. We'd probably go back next year if we stay in the same hotel.
5	I absolutely Love this place. It is one of the most spectacular Sports bars on the west side. They have EVERYTHING here. Legends is kind of tucked away near the West Towne mall and the next most recognizable thing nearby is a Chucky Cheese. Straight away the only qualm I have with the place is the parking lot. Not enough parking what-so-ever. Not the end of the world though. You walk in through a corner entrance to reveal a huge wrap-around bar with TONS of tables and stools surrounding it.There is a huge screen at the front along with dart boards to get you started on the Sports bar feel. Pool table in the opposing corner with a few slots as well. Now the kickers of this place. First the big screen at the front? That is mainly reserved for very large UFC fights!!!! YES one of very few bars in Madison will show them because of how costly they are to show. Can't get a great view of the screen? don't worry. They have probably over 15 other TV's surrounding the bar attached to the ceiling. I am not exaggerating one bit. You can't escape a TV in this place even if you wanted to. Which is awesome because they show pretty much every kind of sport known to man. The outdoor patio on the side if large and plentiful of seating where they still play the audio for games and yet you still have a clear view inside the window at current games.Head around to the back of the bar and there is a full-size volley ball court! Leagues and all. The other immediate thing you will notice is the awesome new Tiki Shack bar they HAND BUILT with a large (around 50") TV mounted against the wall. They don't stock a ton back there but another pitcher of mediocre beer? Sure! They have bean bag boards and sometimes some special events like $1 Cheese burgers and not too long ago they even had a full-size lamb cooking back there! IT WAS DELICIOUS. They also have live music back there sometimes with a little stage in the corner, no real big names or anything but more than what any other kind of place would have.Most importantly, the employees and the family that owns this place is spectacular. They make you feel like a regular even if this is your first time there. If your a regular you feel like family. The owner of this place is always genuinely concerned with how you might be doing and how you are in his company and the establishment. If not my favorite #1 bar it is a very close second but I might be brave and say it is.Most nights end up as "Legends?" "Yep"
4	Gosh darn if I don't just keep coming back for more. This is definitely the place to go to watch the Packers, Badgers, (insert any other large sports) game in town.First if all, it's mega big. Service is awesome, and every seat is a good view. Brewskis up the wazoo to choose from. But what I dream about is the chicken wings. Piping hot every time, perfectly crispy and smothered in buffalo sauce. It's so good, even the most dedicated vegetarian will become a believer. When the weather is nice, take your cheese curds outside to play hand ball, volleyball, or chill inside with pool or darts. This is the place you wanna go with your buddies after work.
1	Just waited ten minutes to get service and the bartender went and helped her 'friends' before us and made a point to say she was doing so. We also watched who I think was the manage walk by, look at us, then walk away.  Just visiting from out of town looking for a relaxing spot.  If rather pay three times as much and get better service than be here for their awesomely cheap drinks. Also asked for a food menu and got an eye roll from the bartender.  Isn't personality important in the service industry?
3	Been here for two badger basketball games. Absolutely great atmosphere on game day but the food is average. I'll come here on game days but not for much else... No Heinz ketchup which is sad as Heinz ketchup is the king of condiments
2	Try not to come here during Happy Hour on a Wednesday afternoon. There was only one server. Asked for a Manhattan. Got it in on the rocks in a "rocks glass" (highball glass). I said, could you put it in a manhattan glass -- which I figured she'd assume it was a cocktail glass. Then she says in a condescending tone...  "It is in a manhattan glass, honey." So I say, can you serve it off the rocks in one of those martini glasses. She says, "oh, we don't have those kind of glasses." She took it back and pulled the ice cubes out of it. Oh, and there were no cherries in the drink, so she brought over a bowl of cherries - like 15 of them. I'd have given a 1 star rating but she did bring the bowl of cherries and I'll assume it was in good spirits, not an FU ;-) When we were done we had to walk up to the bar and pay. I'd probably wait until 4pm next time and go to Delaney's next door.
3	Generic sports bar in a generic building serving generic food.  Not bad.  Not good.  Just meh.  What more can I say?
1	Stopped in for a drink.  Rough crowd, was wondering if I was in Madison.  Stated grill was closed, then short while later saw bartender bring out basket of fries.  Lots of tvs and looked might day game would b ok.  Bouncer was on his phone texting and forgot to check anyone's ID.  Wouldn't recommend.
