4	I just stopped by this place to pick up a quick dinner - I was in too much of a hurry to cook for myself, but really didn't want fast food.  This was kind of the perfect alternative, it was quick and cheap, but also tasty and reasonably healthy.  I had the combo yakisoba.  The beef was delicious, the chicken was just ok.  They also deliver.Edit: Went back and had the spicy beef with brocolli, delicious!  The fruit sorbet desserts were also very tasty.
3	Good not great. The teriyaki sauce is good, as is the tempura, The quality of meat in the teriyaki is the reason I gave it a 3 instead of 4.
3	I love Samurai Sam's, but I always frequent the Lake Mead location.  This was my first foray to this spot.  Per usual, I ordered all white chicken yaki soba.  Not per usual, the noodles were kind of dry and I had to add a ton of teriyaki sauce to be able to eat it.  Normally, this is not the case.  Sadly, I have to agree with the other reviewers who say this location is not as good as the others in the Valley.  I've also tried the Henderson location and always found the food to be yummy.  I will probably still be back here because it is close to my house, but it is definitely not on the same level as the Lake Mead location.
2	I got the Groupon for this place (shocker) and decided to use it one lazy evening when I wasn't in the mood to cook (another shocker). The location is nice enough and the employees are friendly. I ordered the chicken yakisoba bowl and my fella ordered the sweet and spicy chicken bowl. We also shared an order of gyoza.My noodles were slightly dry and not particularly plentiful for the price. My fella enjoyed his, but I thought it was just too sweet and not enough spice. The gyoza was nothing memorable.Overall, the place is just ok and if not for the Groupon I think I would've felt a little cheated on the price. I probably won't be a regular here, but I can see it being a good go-to place for an after the gym dinner.
4	This place is pretty close to my job so every now and again I hit it up for lunch.  It is a little pricy but their salmon teriyaki bowl is awesome!  Their boba is OK but definitely overpriced.  I usually order to pick-up so it's faster.  Every time I talk to someone they are friendly and helpful, and it's a decent size with the tables spaced out well.  I have always had a good experience here.  =)
3	Got a Groupon to here. Checked the place out on Sunday afternoon for lunch. I had the Steak Yakisoba bowl. My wife had the steak with rice. Got the white meat Chicken bowl for my kids. Have to say I liked mine, the steak was very good and cooked perfectly. Good amount of veggies and noodles were with it. The white chicken was a bit dry from the kids bowl. Also had the egg roll which was a bit soggy. For the groupon price I was definitely happy, but at full price I dunno if I would be a regular, though I would still go from time to time.
3	Redeemed my Groupon here today.  The restaurant wasn't busy when I arrived around 8pm, and they waited patiently for me to review their menu (first time visitor) and finally placed my order.  With the Groupon $12 credit, I only paid another $3 for a large Chicken Bowl Combo and a Chicken Wrap (all upgraded with Brown Rice and the rice bowl topped with their Spicy Sauce).  But there were a steady flow of customers that came and went during my meal, mostly ordering take-outs.The portions served here are decent, especially the wrap/burrito.  And it was pretty good, except I thought it could be "enhanced" with more teriyaki sauce (packed with a lot of brown rice which makes the whole mouthful of chicken wrap tastes dry).  The Chicken Bowl is pretty much the same thing, except obviously served in a bowl and I liked the spicy upgraded version of the sauce.Price-wise, it seems like a lot.  But with the healthy portion size that will leave you satisfied, I think it was A-OK.The restaurant is decorated with Samurai Sam motif wall paper, with Kanji characters, origami instructions, etc. decorating one side of the wall.  I thought it was pretty neat.  It is furnished with small tables and chairs that are typical of these fast-casual chain restaurants, which are comfortable to use during your meal, but not comfy enough to spend a lazy afternoon chilling or reading your book.The service is surprisingly fast.  My order was complete just a minute or two after I filled my cup with sodas and started to read a library book I had brought with me.They also have a promotion of 10% off for LVAV members with a current ID, which at least one lady (she was cute and besides myself, might just be the best looking person to drop by the entire time I was there :p ) took advantaged of.  Overall, it is a nice little take-out or dine-in fast casual restaurant serving teriyaki themed menu.  If I am in the area and in the mood for teriyaki chicken or steak, I would drop by.  Heard their teriyake salmon is good, so maybe I will try that in the future.Ambiance:  3.5/5Cleanliness: 4.5/5Food:  3/5  Not gourmet, but hits the spot when you crave some teriyaki.Service:  3.5/5  Fast service!Price:  3/5  You get what you pay for.Location:  SW part of town, and not close to the Strip, so definitely for locals working, residing in the area.Parking:  4/5  Plenty of parking 90% of the time.A-OK!
4	We always get our orders to-go from here, because it is real close to LVAC and it always seems to be filled with pre or post workout guys talking about the club and girls. Also, it seems to take a very very long time for them to put out food compared to other locations I have been to in the past. So ordering before leaving the house to pick it up seems to be the best way.I always get a Spicy Steak bowl, or half white meat/half steak bowl.  The veggies are hit and miss here. I don't know if it is the location, or a new vegetable medley company wide - but there is a lot of something in there I don't enjoy and have no idea what it is.  It is like a thick lettuce?  I loved the carrot, zucchini and broccoli mix it used to be.  Now I get a bunch of the weird lettuce and a ton of broccoli and perhaps a carrot.But yet, I crave it every few weeks.  The sticky white rice is so good and the sweet teriyaki sauce is addicting.
4	I ordered a Yakisoba with chicken here yesterday with my friend.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, not soggy and seasoned well.  The chicken tasted awesome.  The barbecue taste was just unbelievably unforgettable.  As for the vegetables, they were also cooked perfectly, not overly done, nor undercooked.  Overall, the food here is the best Samurai Sam's I've ever had.  Their quality of food can't be beat against other Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill Restaurant.  I don't think I'll get food from any other Samurai Sam's.  Oh, and service is always the best.
4	If you are in the Las Vegas area off the strip and you're looking for a good alternative to fast food, then check this place out. The quality and price are far better than some of the other chains they compete with. I usually look for places that have good portions of meat, so if you want that order double meat. The price was still under $20 for two people with big appetites for protein.
5	This place is a healthy fast-food!  They have great choices from white meat chicken bowls to wraps.  The price is right, and  the service is speedy!
3	They have healthier options like brown rice and white meat which is always a plus :)My only problem with this place is that it can be very slow. I guess it's because they won't cook your food until you order them, so it's not really a fast food joint which I guess is a good thing. So don't come here if you're in a hurry or order in advanced. Other than that this place is pretty awesome after a workout since it gives me (good) carbs and protein.
3	Ok this was a tough one for me. I LOVED their teriyaki sauce. It's the best I've found in the are thus far. However, for the money you really don't get a lot of chicken. Instead you get a ton of rice and what seems like a half pound of steamed vegetables (with little flavor). It certainly is healthier that most other food options nearby, but for my money, I'd really like to get more chicken (for this I go to Yogi's).Service was friendly, but took a bit longer than I expected...especially since I was the only person there.
4	I think I tried Samurai Sam's once before, not this location, but can't remember it being a stand out. Their menu touted to be healthy is true to their word.  We had their sumo bowl and the steak yakisoba.  Their sumo bowl was huge and had a huge portion of steak and chicken on top of the rice.  It did not look at all greasy, so I did not feel too guilty eating it.  Their beef and chicken texture and taste were not bad for a fast food joint and their teriyaki sauce was okay.  For the price of around $10, it's not a bad meal.   The steak yakisoba, on the other hand was not worth ordering.  The steak was fine, but the yakisoba noodle was not very tasty and a little on the hard side.  I will have to pass on this dish the next time I come here.  I used the groupon that I had for this restaurant, so for an additional $6, I can't complain.  For a quick meal that really is a healthier choice than the burger, I would recommend this place.
4	These days we're venturing further from work and biking there at that.  This place is a great alternative to going to other places that serve chicken... and rice...They have what they call the Sumo Bowl.  It is HUGE!I get it with Brown Rice, Vegetables, Steak and White Meat Chicken.  The steak is what sets this place apart.  Steak!  Yummy Steak!  The people here are nice.  Sometimes when you walk in the radio is way too loud that it can give you a headache... and the few times I've been here the food always leaves me wishing it was a bit more HOT. Minus One Star just for that reason.Food comes out LUKE WARM here.  I never noticed I was temperature sensitive to my meat before, but I sure realize that now thanks to this place.Please, please, please... If you're reading this. Please heat up your food a bit more. It can't hurt, that's for sure!
1	Went back today 12-12-12 ordered combination teriyaki bowl beef and chicken, about 5 pcs beef and 5 pcs chicken dark meat.what a rip off.don't think will be going back there again.was better before, don't know what happened.
3	So Yelp says that 3 stars is "A-OK". A-OK is the perfect term to describe Samurai Sam's.You can find your typical teriyaki bowl here. Good amount of veggies. Not too overbearing on the rice. Toppings include beef, shrimp, salmon and chicken. The nice thing about this place is that you can pick dark meat or light meat chicken. Their teriyaki sauce isn't too overbearing or sweet. It's quite light and flavorful enough that you can taste the other ingredients in the bowl. Yakisoba bowls are also an option here. If you're a noodle person, this is for you! Yakisoba is a dish that can get easily salty when the sauce is reduced down while cooking. The yakisoba here isn't too salty or greasy. It's quite alright. You can add the toppings mentioned above in your yakisoba bowl. What I really appreciate about this place is the choice of white steamed rice or brown rice. This Samurai Sam's is located right across the street from LVAC and I'm sure health nuts will appreciate this.The regular bowls are decent sized. Enough for a healthy meal after a work out. If you're hungry and need something more than that, they do offer "sumo" sized bowls. These are HUGE. I've gotten the sumo bowl before and I wasn't able to finish it in one sitting. Samurai Sam's always has Groupon deals going on. For what it is, I feel as though they Samurai Sam's is a little overpriced. But their Groupon deals makes this place way affordable (it's usually $6 for $12 worth). So keep an eye out for that! In fact, I believe there's one available now!
3	Nothing really special here. Pretty much the same as any other teriyaki place.I had the chicken teriyaki bowl, white meat with white rice. It was good, but nothing that blew me away.However, the counter girl was very nice!
3	Healthy fast food YAY. Went here with my man for a quick lunch. I've been here once before and I noticed it's always on the warmer side in here.. hmm maybe from all that grilling?There's not much to say.. It's a tad better than your standard chicken teriyaki place.. I say this because they not only have rice bowls but they also have yakisoba noodles and salads. They also offer steak, shrimp, salmon, white meat chicken and dark meat chicken. So definitely more options than Yoshinoya..  If you're trying to be healthier opt for the brown rice instead of white or just get the rice-less bowl like I did.. with white meat chicken and lots of steamed veggies. It's located in the same plaza as LVAC so there are always lots of fitness peeps in here so at least you know you're headed in somewhat of a healthy direction haha It will run you close to $8 without a drink so it's not super cheap but it's better for you than Mickey D's ;]]] HOT TIP: If you're trying to be healthy and you order their salads make sure to ask them not to put any of their crunchy noodle wonton things on top.. My boyfriend had to pick his off his plate ;p
2	yakisoba chicken bowl is just ok. Low carb bowl is not so hot either. I guess it's supposed to be healthy food. Meh.
3	I ordered their yakisoba chicken bowl and it was yummy but the yakisoba was cold and it was definitely undercooked. I love my noodles al dente but they were definitely still undercooked by far.  The flavor of the bowl was good and it was a good portion size too.  The prices are ok but a little over priced in my opinion.  I saw some other things on the menu that I would try and would definitely go back and check them out.
5	This place has fresh veggies and it is my favorite!!
4	Having tried Samurai Sams a year or so ago I was definitely not a fan of soggy vegetables but when this location  which I have not tried popped up on Groupon I decided it wouldn't hurt to give it another try if this location Is the same company I have tried before they have definitely improved!  Vegetables for firm this time you could tell they were not made from frozen and the sauce is not overly sweet which I had experienced last time. This was a Groupon well worth it.
4	Love it! They are always consistent. I come here for healthy fast food, I crave it a lot!
1	Was so disappointed.  This was the first time ordering for me and my son. I should have known something was wrong when it only took a couple minutes to get my food. Got home and my son bites into an egg roll and it's cold. Not warm but cold in the middle!!  Also our veggies with the teriyaki bowl weren't cooked either. It was like having a bowl full of raw veggies.  I'm sticking with teriyaki madness - they are consistently good and actually cook their food.
1	I love Sam's, but not this location. Ordered two large steak and prawn bowls ( read: Shrimp bowls with extra steak because this franchisee has to be different in every imaginable category, including menu). It wasn't what I think Samurai Sam's should be represented as. The beef was about 30-40% gristle, the shrimp was about half de-veined, I guess that's all they wanted me to eat, and the rice was over cooked. So that's the food.What I really cant stand is the atmosphere, there is crap everywhere hanging off the menu's , Boba this, Boba that... Yoga, Self Defense and Real Estate ads right at the front of the counter, something about a marathon? Then there are 3 large golden bulldog things next to the register and a Happy Kitty ceramic that look straight out of a sushi joint ( Can I get some sashimi here?). This place looks like it belongs on Spring Mountain and Wynn. So I will be returning to my usual Sam's @ Town Center and Charleston, at least I get some good food.
4	Loved it! You can't get good teriyaki in Southern California. The Steak Yakisoba bowls were good size with lots of very tender steak. Place was neat and clean and the employees were friendly. I will make this a regular stop when I am in Vegas.
1	Terrible service. Cook had to get someone to my take order.  Two women finally came out and then told me to wait while they take a phone call.  They can't get called in order get order to take in automated system so I keep waiting.  Finally I just gave up & left without ordering.
3	If you look at my few posts I think you'll see I usually try to keep the bad to myself and only share exceptional experiences. Despite only receiving three stars, I am still going share an exceptional experience. I came to this location after working out at the LVAC across the street. I asked for a combo but they were out of egg rolls, and crab wontons, and potstickers.  So, no combo. No problem, I'll have a salad. Except they were out of half of those too. Basically the management at this location stinks. However, the young lady behind the counter kept a smile and cheerful attitude the entire time despite being let down so severely by whomever completes the ordering for this location.  Well done. Oh, I left with a chicken and steak yakisoba bowl. Dark meat, all out of white chicken breast.
4	I'm still a fan of their Sumo Bowl!  I get it with Brown Rice, Vegetables, Steak and White Meat Chicken.  The people here are nice and friendly.  The lady knows me by name and knows my usual when I come in.  The wait for food varies, but in the last few months it hasn't been that bad.  This place does get busy which is a good sign that everyone else agrees their food is awesome.The only thing that gets me still is the food does not come out hot enough.  The rice and vegetables underneath are steaming hot.  The chicken and steak... not so much.  It is usually just a tad above warm.   If they'd just make it HOT then it'd be a definite FIVE STARS!The place is always clean and there has never been a time where there was not enough seating.
3	I am on a veggie, protein, fat only kick.. I thought I would try this place today after I forgot my pre made meals. So will I go back? Maybe, but it won't be my first choice. I ordered the low carb bowl ( veggies and chicken breast) no teriyaki and grabbed some siracha to add to my bowl.  The chicken was gross. Super fatty and just ick. I maybe got two small bites off that were ok. The veggies were AMAZING!!! They were quick and kitchen looked clean. So I give 3 stars for cleanliness, good veggies, and quick service- but had to take away two for the icky chicken!
4	I got sumo yesterday lunch that's chk n beef combination . Beef was well done, but now I know next time I order I can ask to make mid rare. It was $10 little over place that I felt but I like the combination so I'll be back.
2	I keep trying them but each time their chicken is so dry!  They do have great customer service.....but I can't go for just that.
4	Healthy teriyaki action. Naturally just by the name my first thought was going to be your basic teriyaki bowls chicken or beef. What I did find out was sure the menu is your standard fare teriyaki joint see in food courts or fast food type of teriyaki bowls. The quality of the food I felt was really good and made me fan!. Not only teriyaki bowls also have yakisoda bowls and even go with brown rice instead of white rice (not all places offer brown rice for substitute).. They even sell boba style drinks or thai tea. I love the diversity of the menu. The interior design another thing that love from the asian mural artwork along one whole wall. the asian lanterns hanging above for lighting, and enjoy the vibe of it. The food I ordered the yakudosha chicken and steak combo! Both the chicken and steak was cooked perfectly moist, hot, and enjoy the spicy seasoning on top (I recommend if like spicy food) the beef. The portion size for the protein is good size and the amount of vegetables love fact they not skimpy. It nice assortment of vegetables then typical more chain teriyaki joints. I had broccoli, cabbage, carrots, zucchini, and even cauliflower. All the vegetables was cooked perfect. The yakisoda noodles was again cooked perfection not over cooked noodles but just right. Every bite get great balance of all three. The egg roll that comes with the combo enjoy the fact it was not your typical deep fried egg roll. Instead they grill the egg roll. It taste lot better. Not as greasy. I liked it. Teriyaki sauce loved the fact that not over sweet but had some depth too the sauce. The prices are reasonable for under ten dollars get teriyaki bowl with egg roll plus drink. One that am sure will be taking advantage of.....
1	I in general really like Samurai Sam's restaurants for their healthy meals. This location is, however, terrible. Wait time is really long - often 30 min instead of promised 10, once in a while screwed up orders. But I would still come there occasionally after my work outs at LVAC. This time, however, made me really pissed off. I'm not ever going back to this location (unless management and staff will be changed!). I've ordered 4 different teriyaki bowls for my family to go. Not only I had to wait for over 30 min (kitchen staff worked so slow, no multitasking whatsoever!), when I got home I've discovered that they've screwed up all 4 bowls. I immediately called them, but instead of a apology and acknowledging it, lady servicing me ("Emmy P.") was rude and said that they can't do anything about it. I had to dump 2 of the bowls, as my kids refused eating it not the way was ordered :(((( Very disappointed.
1	I have to be honest, I do love samurai sams. But this location sucks. I waited 30 minutes for my order at 3pm, like 6 people there. I was standing at the front and she helped someone  behind me first, weird but whatever. So i ordered 2 goliath bowls, one regular one with a request of no rice, the other with extra chicken which I was charged for . Simple right? wrong, we left as we had already waited for a to go order 30 min. Got home and it was wrong, called them and said nicely that our order was wrong, she said ... yeah. I said well can we get it fixed, she said call back tomorrow and talk to a manager. Needless to say wont be back to this location.
2	Customer service here is terrible!  The teenage Asian girl there never has a clue to anything. Please hire someone with more common sense and a better personality and maybe you'll have more happy customers
1	I went in regardless of their low rating because I didn't think it applied to their thai tea with boba!  I was soo wrong even the boba was gross. Its the first time I buy bad boba -_- I never thought someone can actually mess that up!!!!!
5	Not sure how I did not know about this place for so long but I am happy I found it!The staff is super friendly and provided great suggestions. I love the selection of being able to have white meat. The noodles are delicious and the food is always flavorful!
1	Sometimes service is awful but the food is good BUT HERE ITS NOT THR CASE!The cashier was so rude and didn't even smile or say Hi, my wife ordered yakisuba noodles-sims like it was frozen before they took it from some frozen bag infront of us and that was taste like cheap noodles -very dry. I get the white rice and chicken -white rice was full of dried chewy pcs and both of our chicken was full of bones and super dry.The guy that cook the chicken on the grill  coffin few times to the grill area-on the chicken !!!!!!We order an egg roll and they says it's veggie we found some unknown meat pcs inside -so we asked again and they says that they not sure if it's only veggie!!!How come an employee is giving you that answer; "I am not sure and I don't know"
5	I have been coming to this place for about a year and I don't have any real complaints. Their food is good and the service is always fast. This place is a terriakyi fast food! If you know this before you go in, you will be happy. The food: I have ordered almost everything from their menu at one point, but my favorite is just a steak bowl. The meat is always great tasting and I love the vegetables they add in the food. JUST A TIP, order the small portion. It's cheaper and has the same amount of food. The larger size is just in a bigger container. Besides this, the food is always satisfying. The drinks: they do sell boba and milk tea here, and it's very mediocre. I am a boba and milk tea snob, so I judge very critically about this. It is good here, but I rarely get my milk tea or boba from here. The service: I have never had to wait more than 5 min for food here. The workers are always polite and fast. I have been here with 10 people in the store and also while it's empty, both times it was relatively fast. I come here about 1-2 times a month. I will continue to come back!
