4	I've stopped at this outlet a few times and I enjoy it quite a bit.  There's a good amount of table space and the wifi is available as it is at all Starbucks.The only drawback to this location is its location.  It's a pain to get in and out sometimes because you have to cross traffic on Rainbow Boulevard.  You also have to know to come out a different driveway if you're going north on Rainbow.  Once you know, though, it's OK.
3	I come here almost everyday before I go to work. The staff is very friendly and the drive thru goes by pretty quick.The only thing which I wasn't too happy about is a staff member here. Every time she makes my drink there is always something wrong with my drink, I don't want to make a complaint about my drink when she's already giving me a hard time taking my order!
4	Have you ever been to Starbucks and wondered... Hmmm If only I could order a  half of a gallon of my favorite $5 treat. Well now you can, It is called the Trenta. This monstrosity will have you buzzing all day long, I order a simple Iced Coffee with sugar free vanilla I am definitely not the Venti iced half-skinny half-1 percent, split quad shot (Two poured over the top, other two mixed) with 2 pumps of Carmel, one scoop of vanilla bean powder, stirred, no whip, double cupped guy. This place is always spot on my order since it is quite easy to pour some Pre-made coffee into a cup that is packed full of ice and hand it out the drive thru window with a smile on your face. Starbucks is your modern day crack dealer... Not that we don't have enough of those in Vegas already. Here is to a great Starbucks started Friday morning.
3	A iced caffe mocha no whip extra shot made here is just the same as it is at the Starbucks down the street, or across town. 3 stars for the homogenized experience.
2	This store has become dirty, tagged up bathrooms, and overall crappy moody female service. Drink was made properly.
4	Yes, all Starbucks stores are the same. BUT, I have found that with my signature drink (Trenta Caramel Soy Iced Coffee) there are several things to get wrong. The soy to coffee ratio has to be right and if they pour the soy after the coffee the blend is all off. Also, I have paid several different prices for my drink. Sometimes, its an Iced Coffee with Soy and others it's an Iced Coffee with Milk and there is no extra charge for the soy. This location gets it right every time. I live around the corner and opt to walk the few blocks each morning. The team there has become very familiar very quickly and always gives me a pep in my step to start my day. Everyone is all smiles whenever I come in and are always efficient with the service. When they start remembering my name, I'll give 'em the fifth star.
5	I love this Starbucks for its convenience. It's right next to the 95 for my commute to Hendertucky and the drive thru is not ever that busy when I go.
3	Been here twice and both times they've failed to understand what non-fat milk means. I'm not calling it a venti skinny blah bah blah, just give me a large non-fat coffee and take my money.You bunch of retards.I kid. A little. But we need some additional training at this one.
4	I've only been through the drive thru here, but they are super fast and friendly which is helpful when your driving to work!  Always good coffee!
5	Ok, I LOVE Starbucks! Well, wait- I love it by DEFAULT because before I am a coffee and tea junkie, I am a wi-fi junkie. That said, this chain could easily be my kryptonite, except for the fact that I do some of my best work here! So it's actually more of a safe haven for me. I like the air of familiarity in any of the locations and especially this one. It's got a kind of a funky location. The kind where if it weren't a Starbucks, it would probably be vacant commercial property. Parking is odd, the drive-thru is too, and there's only "one way in & one way out." But I assure you, once you get over those little hurdles, there is a very nice staff that is there to assist you with your favorite thing on the menu! I think all of these things make it my special, cozy, safe haven. Oh, it also seems to be a fun stop for police officers too... which is neither here nor there. Enjoy!
5	This Starbucks location is easily the best of any I've ever been to. The staff here is always friendly, the drinks are consist and well made, the service is speedy and the place is always clean. We're all familiar with Starbucks products so I won't bore you with what my drink preferences are but I will tell you that you won't have a bad experience at this location. Guaranteed!
4	Drive thru here is quick. Most of the time they make the drinks great, but sometimes you can tell they're moving at the speed of sound making it cause there's syrup all over the side of the cup.The people that work here are great. Sometimes the cashier, the older woman, has a bad day and she's pretty grouchy, but nothing offensive, for me anyway. I'm sure the overweight businessman behind me will bust out off his shirt from her tartness though.
3	I love this location. It is one of the bigger ones and they have a huge outside seating area, with umbrellas for the sun.The lady taking our order could have been friendlier.. She could have at least smiled? Usually I just get an iced caramel macchiato, but this time I was hungry.I ordered an asiago & cheddar pretzel, which was okay. I also got a cheesecake brownie. I took two bites and threw it away. I've learned that when coming to Starbucks I should just stick to the coffee. The pastries always seem to disappoint.
5	I never used to go to Starbuck's because I don't drink coffee but I started tutoring someone for a class and that is where we would meet. So now I get there on the regular. I usually get the biggest Green Ice Tea Sweeten they carry or the Apple Cinnamon drink..wow nothing better. Yesterday I was working in an office across the street from this location and walk over for my Ice Tea and asked if I can come back for a refill as I had to go back to the office to meet a customer. They Manager said "Sure We Can Do That". I thought that was great customer service! I bounce back two hours later get my refill and they even say "You are back" when I walk in. The small things can make all the difference... By the way the student I tutored got an "A"..
5	White Chocolate Mocha delicious.
5	The staff here are amazingly nice.  I watched a disabled customer come in with crutches who they greeted by name and even helped him back out to his car with his ordered.  When my husband spilled his coffee,  not only did they quickly come to clean it up,  they also gave him another drink for free.  Great staff!
3	Sometimes the drive thru is not the fastest, but often times I am the only car so it's a fifty fifty shot. So if you like to gamble this is the drive thru for you! The same thing has to be said for the cafe... Sometimes they have it together, while other days they don't even know you exists! One day I waited 10 minutes for a Venti 10 pump chai latte and they weren't even busy! I was beginning to think the barista forgot to write my cup out! Come on guys, chai lattes don't get any easier! You don't even have to pull any shots! 10 minutes was a bit ridiculous! I was in there just last night and the young blond barista didn't even acknowledge me with a hello or even a smilie, although she looked at me about three times as I was waiting for someone to come to the counter. I get that she was busy, but all she had to do was acknowledge my presence, not act like her life as a barista was so ruff! 95% of the time I only order a Grande Pike Place anyway, so it's not like I am putting them out, which is their job by the way! Customer service is a MUST with me. I can forgive slow but not rude and thus the three stars.
3	If this review was just for the morning crew, it would be a lot higher. They are awesome. However, the afternoon crew is another story. There wasn't any of the Pike roast available when ordered. No worries. Waited a few minutes. And a few minutes more...10 minutes go by, so up to the counter we go. When asked if the coffee was ready, the barista says "oh..yeah." And starts pouting it. He had completely forgotten about it and apparently forgot that it was paid for as he started talking crap as we were leaving. A few other customers got their order incorrect as we were waiting too. Maybe less time chit chatting at the counter and a little bit more time focusing on your customers would help.
1	So I visit this store at least once a day while I am at work, sometimes twice a day, so I thought things could only get better........ I guess I couldn't have been more wrong :-/ So I have long since given up on them learning my name (at least at this store) and as for memorizing my drink, I guess that's certainly out of the question, because we all know how hard it is to remember a Grande black coffee!! I rarely order anything else, because when I do they always seem to get it wrong. For some reason this store can't seem to understand what you mean when you order "non-fat" and then when you correct them on it, they get upset that they have to remake your drink. But today was the creme de la creme of crappiness at this location! I went in and ordered my usual Grande black coffee, and the barista told me that they didn't have any brewed, so he started brewing some and then charged me the $2.11. He then proceeded to help the next few people in line and of course he completely forgot about my coffee. So about 10 minutes later I went back up to the counter and asked if my coffee was ready and he said "oh yeah" and he poured my coffee and then instead of giving me my coffee, he proceeded to to walk over to another barista and have a random chat with her while holding my coffee?! When he finally did make his way to the counter, I grabbed my coffee and started to walk out. It was at that point he began talking to the other baristas and the people in line about how I didn't pay for my coffee!!!  Was he actually serious!! I only wished he hadn't wasted my whole entire lunch break waiting for my coffee because I would have tore into him! Dear tall barista at Sbux thanks for being such a jerk today and ruining my lunch break! WORST SBUX EVER!!!
1	My visit was on 6/12/14:I'm appropriately titling this review: "Barista Bull S**t"I always wondered why it took this location so long to be accessible on Yelp.com; maybe because they knew what kind of reviews they would get?  usually, I get my drink on the weekends with no hassle or fuss; however, on some occasions I do experience oddities; like this one:-My father and I have been coming to this location for well over a year, my dad almost on a daily basis and usually at the same time everyday.  Do you think they would learn his or my name, what drinks we get.....nope!  My wife gets treated totally different by the Manager and staff when she goes in for coffee; why aren't we?The manager spends most of the time gossiping among her cronies, all except one of which is a man.  This is one example of the nonsense that goes on behind the counter:**** A fairly butch-looking staff member argued with me about whether the green tea they offered was pure green tea; she exclaimed Yes, it's pure green tea!  (This was before Starbucks offered China Green Tip Tea)  She was referring to a green tea blend with peppermint and other flavors......in no way shape or form is this PURE GREEN TEA!!!  **** She ended up giving me "what she thought was pure green tea"....it wasn't. and I was really pissed at the fact that she argued with me, insisted she knew what she was talking about, and eventually was proven incorrect.  I told her I was recently at a Starbucks in China where they offered pure green tea; she said that's not possible.  I've noticed the staff (ladies) are only friendly to a select few customers; however, I believe it all stems from what the manager allows, and she seems to happily support this behavior.  On another note:  The new furniture is very uncomfortable when compared to their previous lounge-type furniture.***By the looks of the previous reviews, I would say they're spot on and that this location has some "personal" improvements to make to improve customer service and consistency regarding their products.
5	This Starbucks is actually one of the hardest working Starbucks I've been to. Nikki (the manager) is always thinking of the customer idk what these other prissy little women are talking about. The baristas there are really great and if you ever get ignored it's most likely because you're a creepy pervy guy hitting on them because that is the only reason any of these baristas will ignore you. Drive thru is as fast or slow as the people in line make it. Some people like to change their orders while they have 4 cars in front of them. I had to get that out of the way because the ignorance and self appointed importance some of these people bestow onto themselves irritates me. I know basically all of the partners that work there and they are all very professional and friendly. One of the shifts there Ashley knows how to make a lot of different frapaccinnos and drinks that aren't on the menu so if you kindly ask her she'll surprise you with an amazing drink. I think there should be more managers like Nikki she not only cares about the customer but all the baristas as well. I find it very hard to believe she is ever nasty to anyone because she isn't even rude to her employees. There is another barista there her name is Selena and she is one of the most hardworking baristas I've met. I've seen a review on here about how she took 10 minutes to make a chai and that a baristas life is so hard and honestly sometimes it can be a big bitch having to deal with rude Asa customers, keeping a smile on your face, and getting everything done on time before closing. She is human too so if she forgets that you exist don't be such a timid brat and say something if you're not a rude bitch about it.  You'll have your chai soon enough. Cleaning is a big part of the night crew so yeah they kind of busy their ass cleaning the stuff they use to make your drinks so be considerate and polite when coming in and you'll probably never be disappointed because Selena and all the other baristas really do try to be as kind and consistent as possible with their customer service. Take this review as it is and go in there and find out yourself.
2	I ordered a cappuccino! It felt a little light! It was too light. I believe the barista poured a sip into my cup and topped the rest off with foam. Not happy. I guess a few bucks does not go a long way these days. Try harder Starbucks!
5	Have been coming here for years! Yes they are busy but everyone that works there are very nice!
5	I am not sure why this particular Starbucks has such low ratings.  I have been frequenting this location for years and it has always been consistently good.  At times when they are busy, service can be slow but that goes for any Starbucks.This location has recently been remodeled and it is always kept very clean.  There is a beautiful dine in area and patio to sit and enjoy your coffee.  It also has a drive thru and is very close to the freeway which is excellent for convenience.In well over 100 drinks I have never had a mistake.  I definitely recommend this location!
2	This Starbucks is spacious and quiet inside. The quality of coffee as you expect from any of the stores, is good. What's wrong with this place however, is the attitude of the Baristas. I just moved to the neighborhood and started going to this location. And I was simply shocked. The baristas here are all basically robots programmed to serve just the drive-through. You can walk in and stand there for two minutes before getting acknowledged. I used to be a Barista myself so I know how much the company cares about basic rules of communications with customers. Sadly, in this location what you get is no smile, no eye contact, no please, an unfriendly tone of voice and lots of attitude. Like we should thank THEM for bringing our money to their store. What a shame!
5	Great service always speedy. I had Issiah and he was very friendly and personable ! More customer service people should be more like him...
