3	With a heavy heart, I had to switch nail techs.  I'd been going to DV  Nails for over a year and my girl, Tiffany, moved.  I was heartbroken.A lady at work recommended AJ Nails and to go to Trina, the owner.  She does my acrylics and does a great job.  I knew I was in the right spot when I saw another lady sitting in the waiting area as I was getting my nails done.  Trina said to her "You want come back lata?"  And the customer said "Nope, I'd rather just wait for you."They have a luxury pedicure that's $35 and has a whole gamut of different treatments.  There's even a clay masque involved!  At the end, I felt so relaxed that I wasn't sure I could drive home.Ask for Trina when you go.  She's pretty cool and tries to make jokes but I rarely get them.
4	It's like Cheers.  Everyone knows my name.  I get a bi-monthly manicure and monthly pedicure here.  I had a guy there give me a pedicure once, but he sucked.  Now, I ask for Helen.  When I call, my name must pop up on caller ID because the owner, Trina, answers "Hi Amy".  How cool is that???If you want a GREAT pedicure, treat yourself to the delux.  You're worth it, and so am it.Ask for Helen.  She rocks!
4	I ended up here today after trying my two favorite spots that were closed. While I drove around CenPho hoping to spot what seemed to be a needle in a haystack, I recalled that there was one in the strip mall where Cherryblossom is located. Eureka!! And it was open until 7pm on a Sunday! I was so thrilled and when I walked in, there were several patrons having their pedis and manis done...good sign. I had the sea salt scrub and callous remover and everything was $30. The pedicure was so great. This was the first time I have had the hot stone rub on my legs and feet, and after walking around town the last few days, it was heaven on my tootsies. The guy did a really great job on my feet and I was just so happy with this place. I am so looking forward to a return trip!
1	yeah... no going back, for a good wash of feet, and polish on my nails.... I could it done it at home..... BAD, BAD, BAD!!!!!
4	I really like this nail place. It's close to home, inexpensive, and they include a hot stone massage and hot towel in the $20 for a pedicure. I've never had problems  here and it is always clean. They prefer tips in cash, but will let you put it on a card if you don't have it. The only downfall for me is that the spa chairs don't all work properly. I've had most of the technicians at one time or another. The older male is very meticulous about the cuticles; the younger male is as well. The ladies seem to give longer and better massages but they all have their strong points. I recommend it  highly!
4	I absolutely love this place.  It has become a tradition of my husband and mine to celebrate big events in our lives by getting pedicures together at Aj Nails.  Trina is fantastic at facial waxing and remembers us each time we go in, even though it is only a few times a year.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
4	Generally i like AJ Nails. The staff is always friendly. Quick service. Empty on a Sunday mid morning. Clean facility. Playing football on the TV for Super Bowl Sunday. Meticulous and careful not to injure. Squeaky old massage chairs. Great price for pedicure. Everything extra is five dollars more ;)
4	for anyone looking for nose hair waxing, Trina does a great job!
3	Tips are in cash please. (First sign I read) Wow we could put that sign up In my restaurant. Also a sign that says 20% is the tipping percentage lol!It's cheap and empty.  Everyone was asleep when I arrived.  I said, hello. And then again a little louder till they woke.  I needed 3 fixes and a fill $20 they told me.  Ok sounds cheap. Sure!As I sit in a chair listening to elevator music, I start falling asleep. Not because I was relaxed but out of boredom.  The tv was on also but in a language that wasn't English.  So that was annoying.  And I couldn't fall asleep because the constant lip smacking of my guy manicurist.  Also he kept hurting me with the nail file.  I think I said ouch 3 times in all.  He was sweet but jeez.  I mean my nails turned out great but they could use some pointers on how to make the place a little more inviting.   I have a nail salon I normally go to and I'll continue to go to but they are under renovation.  I guess this will do for now.
1	Got a gel coated French manicure which should typically last at least two weeks. Try not even 4 days... On multiple nails, it's lifting and peeling off. Not in to spending $60 for a gel manicure and regular pedi every few days....ridiculous.Not sure how they usually do as it was my first time here but I'm not happy with my results, or lack there of rather.
1	They did a terrible job! I'm very disappointed. I never had a terrible job like this. I would never ever go back again!
1	Took a friend here for a present to get her nails and toes done. Had a fill and a pedi myself. This was my 2nd time being there. The first time, I was happy, extra long foot massage I didn't have to ask for, the fact that they did my nails while I was getting my pedicure was a nice change, and welcome to my busy schedule. However as nobody else was in there the ENTIRE time I was, on both occasions, I can only assume they are rushing to get you out. When my friend mentioned midway through her pedicure she wanted a full set as well, they ignored her until we literally had to spell it out for them 3 times for them to get at it AFTER her pedicure. The man who did my fill kept smacking his lips, was lazy and missed sides and cuticle alignment on my polish, when I asked for a simple design, he showed me this half-attempted pathetic stick drawing not even resembling what I asked. I told him to take it off and that I would not be needing a design after all. When I was asking how much the total was at the end, they tell me "140". I asked them how the heck that was even possible, so she adds it up again, and quickly and abruptly says, "105". No apology, no rectification of any kind even though the first price was obviously a mistake as it was 2 basic pedicures, a simple fill and a basic full set. Their signs say "Tips in cash only" and "20% tip". Which I find rude, and obnoxious. I will pay you what I think you earned as a tip as it's not required to tip if you royally screw up the service I will be paying for regardless. i later realized the guy that did my nails charged me for the design even though he spent 20 seconds on it before i had him take it off. I find this place to be a poor establishment, and as I just moved here, I will be finding a different location to give my regular fills and pedi business to.Also, both times I called ahead to let them know I would be coming and when. They never asked for my name, didn't care when I introduced myself and clearly don't care about repeat business. Save yourself the hassle when you're being pampered, go elsewhere.
4	Was to bad I went and seen the reviews got a lil scared lol but after I did my nails wasn't bad ! Dirty place but they do a good job and there fast and do ur nails feet at the same time!
1	They used to be good but the owner was rude last time. She rushed through the pedi and left me (to wax someone's eyebrows) with my hands under the light halfway through my gel mani. When she returned and tried to do another coat she acted pissed that my thumb didn't "take." She said it was the way I held my hands in the light, but I'm pretty sure 10 minutes should have been long enough, my hands were burning. She actually rolled her eyes when she got to the next thumb, which was puckered. I think their equipment is crappy and just cooked the gel since she was gone so long. The next day the gel started peeling off, on fingers and thumbs. What a waste of money and a bad experience. The girl who did my husband's mani pedi was nice and did a good job. The star is for her.
