1	They didnt like the 3 wolf moon t-shirt... disrespectful!!!
4	Banking here for 15 years so far!
4	Solid location. Most convenient for me so I'm here often. Always a smooth transaction. They have a drive through ATM and one at the door. I'll be back. PS: Apparently they don't like 3 wolf moon t-shirts.  Don't care?  Didn't think so.
2	Wells Fargo tries harder. Sort of like those rental car commercials years ago. There is so much banter from every one in the bank, asking "How are you doing?", "What are you doing this weekend", blah, blah blah. Overkill in my opinion. Unlike my local bank in Illinois where everybody really cared who you were and called you by name. So I guess what I'm saying is that the big money center bank should just stop pretending about being my buddy and just get on with the transaction. It's only business, trust me. I guess my bullshit meter finally couldn't take it anymore today. Sort of like when you deposit over $10,000 in cash at the teller window and they ask for your driver's license and start inputting information but don't explain why they need to do that and act all serious about it. Hey, I thought we were friends. So not my favorite bank, but convenience seems to rule the day.
2	I am trying to leave this bank due to personal issues with the way my mortgage and reconstruction from flooding was handled.  Worst customer service for home finances and don't expect any help in getting resolution for financial questions in this department.  Not per say this branch but all the company as a whole. I do like the polite staff at this branch. Planning to move funds soon.
2	Once upon a time I had FIrst Union, then Wachovia bought it, then Wells Fargo bought Wachovia, so now my bank is Wells Fargo. I tend to stay loyal to a business as long as the customer service stays good but I've gotten tired of this giant bank's policies and I'm itching to go with something smaller like a local credit union. I started to notice ridiculously high fees for things that should not incur a fee to begin with. For instance, I get charged to put money INTO my savings account and then I get charged even more if I or they have to pull it back into my checking. They call this "overdraft protection", but it's MY money coming from MY savings account not a line of credit.  Don't banks like for a person to put money into their savings account? While shopping around I have found that the credit unions tend to not do this or if they do charge, they charge a nominal fee for removing money from savings usually only if you do it more than so many times in a month.  NO ONE ELSE charges you to transfer money INTO your savings like Wells Fargo does!Bottom line is, I have no problem with the customer service at this particular branch or any Wells Fargo branch I've used,  but I think Wellls Fargo charges fees for  things they shouldn't and too much at that. I also think it's the more ethical thing to do to switch away from big banks like Wells Fargo. I'd rather keep my money local unless it benefits me financially to not keep it local, which is far from the case with Wells Fargo.  I'm switching to a credit union.
