5	City Air Duct Cleaning is a great company to work with. I called into the office to see about getting my rental house cleaned to see how the company works. I was able to get a next day appointment which worked great for me in the short time that I had called.      Mark came in and looked at my system and took a good 30 minutes assessing all of it's issues and parts. After he came to tell me the run down of what he found he showed me the areas where I had caked on dirt and dust and let me know that the regular cleaning would not get it as clean as I needed to have it. He gave me a great price to brush the entire houses ducts and he even through in for FREE cleaning of my dryer vent and he also put something on the outside to keep those pesky birds out.      The entire experience was so great with this company and I was so impressed with it I asked if it was any way that he could come right over to my house and clean my house ducts. He said yes, and drove right over to the house and cleaned mine as well. I would recommend this company to anyone that asked. They are so courteous from the first call to the office to the workers. The office even called back to me to make sure I loved the services. They are scheduled soon to come and clean my carpets as they do that as well.     Will use them for all my properties in the future!!!
1	Unreliable.  Confirmed my appointment first thing in morning. Took time off work to meet them - I'm paid by the hour. They don't call to let me know they decided to not show up.  After calling office to complain, they said there are dozens of companies that do this maybe you should use someone else.  Wow like that covers my lost wages. Knuckleheads.. wonder if the employees reflect the owner's mindset. Never know..but ya gotta wonder.
5	Me and my wife just purchased are 1st house it needs some work,  so after we had are minor repairs done and the fact we both suffer from allergies we decided to get our air ducts cleaned.  Mark came out out and did a really really good job...left the house feeling refreshed and clean... I would definitely recommend  Mark and City Air Duct Cleaning to anyone needing their carpets cleaned.Mini&Me, Charlotte
