3	Good tables.Weird brutish customers.If you go in a group, you'll have a blast.  But if you're looking to come here to practice pool by yourself, I don't recommend it.
4	Pool hall with Action Pitokay tables and some diamond tables, younger crowd, old juke box, when pool events are in town.. this is usually the pool hall of choice for late night action games.
2	I've been here many times.  It's not really located in the best area.  The tables aren't bad, but the place seems a bit shanty.  Prices are decent, but I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you don't mind smelling like ashtray after you leave.
3	I like how the people here are more for my age.  It's a diverse of age groups so, I don't feel so old when ever I'm here.  The bartenders are awesome and friendly.  They definitely took care of me whenever I'm ordering drinks.The way it's set up is your typical pool hall look.  Very smoky though so I wouldn't take anyone under the age of 18 here.  There's security so that way there can't be any problems and if any starts, they're there to regulate it.
5	Awsome place for a younger crowd to go and play pool and just enjoy a good atmosphere. Over 25 tables for you to play on. And they have Galaga arcade.... Couldn't be happier! Decent beer on tap, but not everyone can carry guinness on tap :P
3	Like other reviews have said, this place is dim, smokey, and a pool hall that usually has a younger crowd. Been coming here for couple years now with my friends, and even while it's a little smokey, dim, and has a younger and alternative crowd, I've actually enjoyed shooting pool here. The place does look a little intimidating because it's located in a tiny strip mall in a not so great area of town, but if you're looking for a place that's sort of tucked away from the bigger scene of pool in Vegas and features more of a local crowd, Pool Sharks would be the place to go.I'm not certain if they still have ladies night going on, but that is/was one of the big factors that keeps myself and my friends coming back. The staff there is pretty laid back and friendly. You can usually have good control over the jukebox since not a lot of people tend to put money in the machine. Weekdays/nights are the best times to go, since they are usually not too crowded but has some action going on. The reason why I gave Pool Sharks three stars is because of the location and the environment, but otherwise it's a great pool hall if you're looking for a lowkey, local scene to shoot pool.
3	It's smokey, old, and it reeks. But they have ladies night on Tuesdays and Wednesdays after 6pm so I get to play for free! They've replaced the felts on a few tables so that helped with making it look good I guess? Nothing much has changed in here and I've been coming here to shoot pool since I was 17. Crowds can vary depending on the days you go. Weekends can be busy and have a younger crowd than the weekdays. Workers are friendly and a lot of tournaments are held here. Although they could use new pool sticks and a little bit of sanitizing in this place. But what pool hall nowadays look spanking clean and not so smokey??  Oh and if you have to use their bathroom, don't... Try to hold it or at least go before you get here. Overall a good place to hang out with some friends and get competitive!
4	I've been going here since I was 15!  By far it is my favorite pool hall in town.  Yes, it is smokey inside and yes, it is a bit of a hole in a wall kind of place but it makes me feel like I'm in a pool hall out of a movie like Poolhall Junkies (If you haven't seen Poolhall Junkies, you need to get on it).  They also host a lot of tourneys here.  Weekdays are usually chill and laid back but the weekends can get busy.  The ladies who work the counter are all very nice and sweet.  Them alone makes me pick Pool Sharks over any other pool halls.  Oh and I believe Tuesday and Wednesday are ladies night so free pool if you are a chica.  Free pool = more money for booze.  Music selection from the jukebox is diverse and the touch screen games always get me after I'm done shooting.
3	The ladies room has a vending machine with sexual practical jokes in it for $0.75 which are not worth the price.
4	As far as decor goes...pool sharks is not a jetsetter...it could definitely use a makeover...but it's the only place in town that I play pool.  The equipment is good; the action is decent.  They have three tournaments a week.  Ladies play free on Tuesday and Wednesday nights.  They have day rates.  I wish they had hard liquor but for now just beer, wine and spritzer type drinks.  22
4	My best friend and I come here on ladies night to chill and play. It's quieter than Cue D's, although their equipment and decor isn't exactly top notch. Definitely a place to stop by and play.
3	I gave this place 3 stars because of the Diamond Tables. I just cant give it 4 because I came here to shoot a few games and was very disappointed by the quality of the house cues. They were AWFUL!!! I could barely find a cue worth playing. Now I understand that most pool halls have players that bring their own cues but I came to Vegas from out of town and left my cues at home. I would come back to this place with my own cues but would find another spot to visit if I didnt have them with me.
3	This place is pretty big and works 24 hours but I guess this is the only pluses. I would say they need very very good cleaning and steaming on everything as cigarette smoke feels so bad, carpets dirty, bathrooms awful. They definitely need remodeling!!! Good they have bar!!! Anyways we had some fun so I'm leaving 3 stars.
3	Pool sharks got awesome diamond tables and lots of space to move around but...they need to turn on the AC (please) ! . It's very hot in there, girls don't like it because their mascara will run + the clean ones don't like to be sweaty and as a guy well I can only get so sweaty before I have to take a shower. They need to put a AC fund bucket at the bar.
4	Pool sharks is a fun relaxing place to go when you just had a hard day at work or a place to chill and relax or to kill time I always enjoy myself when I do come here the only negative is the place smells like smoke it's so bad that it will get on your clothes if they can fix that problem then this place wouldn't have that minor problem to worry about.
5	Its a real fucking pool hall! This place is for the pool players that oh, i don't know, like to actually shoot pool. If your looking for action or a nice place to just relax and shoot some, than I would strongly suggest heading down. They have beers on tap and an excellent "pool happy hour" during the day. Located right in chinatown, its got an old skool feel that makes you want to be a better player. Ive been coming down for a couple years, and the nice 9 footers definitely helped perfect my game.
