2	Despite what people say about China Joe's, I used to love ordering from them. I would get their Curry Chicken lunch special and be perfectly happy. That was about ten years ago.Fast forward to now. China Joe's has gone through ownership changes and they haven't had Curry Chicken on the lunch special menu for several years. As a result, I pretty much never go there anymore. For some reason, I decided to get lunch there today. Being a General Tso's Chicken fan, I went with that ($5.25). It smelled amazing as I was driving back to the office, but when I opened the container, it just looked off. The sauce for the chicken was way too dark, like they just threw a ton of soy sauce into the mix. It actually tasted OK, but definitely not like the GTC I was hoping for. Appearance affects taste almost as much as smell and something just didn't seem right in my mind.It may be unfair to dismiss them based on one dish, but I don't think I'll be returning (at least for another few years). In a way, I'm glad. Having one less option to choose from makes the lunch decision ever-so-slightly easier.
1	God awful.  I hate to give negative reviews, because I feel like each business has its own merit (the price is good and it gives you a choice of eggroll or soup with the lunch specials), but it must be said that the food was extremely dry and bland.  Even the rice, which you already expect to be plain, somehow tasted even more devoid of flavor than usual.  As soon as I opened up the box and saw the orange chicken, I didn't even feel like eating anymore.
3	Not super authentic but is that a surprise to anyone? I got my meal fast and cheap. The lunch special I tried was shrimp in lobster sauce for 6.95. It was a little over salted, but it was yummy for what it was. On a budget, its better than going to panda express.
3	China Joe's is in my neighborhood. So, occasionally I eat there. Usually during the lunch special, which ends at 4 pm. From my experiences China Joe's rates on the tier of okay. On a previous visit, I was not enthralled by the shrimp with lobster sauce. On this visit, I was not enthralled by the spicy eggplant. On previous visits the spicy eggplant was tasty. The wonton soup could of used an additional wonton or two.  The lunch special costs approximately $6. Compared to China Garden and Chop Stix, a fountain drink is not included for dine in guests. An additional $2 will substitute wonton soup for egg drop soup.   Ambiance? China Joe's has a take out ambiance.   Return factor: It is near my house, so I'll probably return.
5	The food here is delicious; service is great and it's family operated, meaning they greet you with recognition and warmth when you walk through the door.
1	Really poor food especially the lemon chicken; It was burned and chewy. More of chicken jerky--totally unedible. Egg Foo Young was not traditional. Wonton soup was okay and that's about it. Took forever to make our food. My strong guess is that the chef is not trained in cooking whatsoever.
1	China Joe's is below average. I placed an order for delivery. They were late, the soup had spilled out into the delivery bag, and they delivered the wrong food item to my roommate. Also, they charge a dollar extra for shrimp lo mein and I got 4 shrimp. Come on!!! I don't believe I will be ordering from them again.
2	In my never ending search for Chinese food similar to the et oats version I grew up with I tried China Joe's. I went with the General Tso's chicken. The chicken was decent but the fried rice was horrible. It was white rice with a fried egg and onions. Missing seasoning and. Good amount of soy sauce was lacking. The main item I miss was the egg roll. I grew up with a plump roll stuffed with pork and veggies. Call them what they are,veggie rolls or spring rolls
5	Best Chinese delivery I've ever had in Henderson. The cream cheese wontons are to die for. We had our food to us in 32 minutes. I think that's outrageously fast. I will definitely order from them again. :)
1	I ordered the green curry, chicken lettuce wraps, walnut shrimp and crab Rangoon. It was all SO SALTY I couldn't even eat it!!! I'm so disappointed. Never again!!
5	I eat here regularly and have no complaints. Chicken Lo Mein, Phad Thai, Egg Rolls. All good, every time. Family owned, which I respect and would rather support over typical fast food joints. I would definitely recommend to my friends.
3	I've always thought about trying out China Joe's since I stop at Albertsons  which is in the same shopping area. They slid a menu under my door and thought later that week to try their lunch specials. They're pretty good. The rice is just fried rice with egg, not bad to me just simpler. It's just a side. I'll eat there again some time.
1	I had them a few more times after my previous review and I no longer suggest them. Each time I received orders the quality was worse and worse. Tonight tops it all in terms of quality. It was completely inedible! We didn't receive our order just shy of 2 hours after ordering and being told 30-45 min. They are only a 5 min drive away from our home. I ordered chicken and Chinese broccoli lunch special that came with the egg rice and egg drop soup. The chicken was so bitter and greasy I had to share it to be certain it was as bad as I thought. If someone shutters and spits out what you give them it speaks for itself. The rice was a weird mix of gummy from old grease and hard from what I can only guess was a result of sitting out for a long period of time. I will never eat here again. It's a waste of time and money.*Recap 2 hours on a Wednesday for literal trash.
4	Couldn't fault them. Spring rolls were good. Sesame chicken extremely good. The pad thai was yummy but could have done with a bit more flavor and the cashew chicken could have done with a few more cashew but overall it arrived hot and tasty!!
1	This is horrible. Got the lemon chicken. It's a patty of country fried chicken with lemon sauce. It's horrible. Took 20 minutes to get my food and the egg roll is cold.  I'm dining in. Save your money.
3	I always try to hit up places I havnt been to so this was a random stop. also try to reserve judgement until I am completely done with my experience and only taking a quick glance at the rating because when you check in, you cant help but notice it.So I walk in and look over my options. Their theme here is Chinese/Thai fusion. I see that they have lunch specials which is always good for peeps like me who appreciates decent food at decent prices. If you refer to my pic, the lunch specials are from open to 4 pm everyday. Choose an item from the list along with either Lo Mein, Steamed Rice, or Fried Rice. You also have an extra side option from a Vegetable Egg Roll, Cream Cheese Won Tons, or Soup (Egg Drop, Hot n Sour or Won Ton).I went with the Orange Chicken (typical right?), Fried Rice, and Hot n Sour Soup from the 5.75 list. Keep in mind a drink is not included but I got water and it was definitely from their tap.First off, I gotta say that the Hot n Sour Soup was excellent! Not too salty or bland and enough ingredients to round out the taste. It was steaming hot!As for the entree, the Orange Chicken was crispy and the orange tang to it was good. Only thing I noticed was that some of contents could of been more consistent meat portion instead of extra batter.Now for the Fried Rice. Wow. No, not the good kind of wow. The what the heck just happened wow. The Fried Rice was not the typical fried rice I was used to. There was like nothing in it. You know like peas, carrots, onions, etc. It seemed like they put a couple drops of soy sauce and mixed in a quarter of an egg. It didnt have much flavor to it. Total I paid was $6.20 including tax. I left a dollar tip on the table for the service was ok.   If it wasnt for the Hot n Sour Soup being so good, this would of easily been 2 stars. At least the the above mentioned was edible. Maybe next time I will just go with a large bowl of soup. Either that or risk trying another entree in hopes that the cook was just having a bad day at the time. Either way, I will update accordingly.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #98
5	They treat us like family! We eat there often. The kids love it as much as mom and dad
1	First time visit...usually I order from Yummy Grill Sushi off Eastern.  I ordered the mongolian beef and got about 6 fatty pieces of meat, a pretty big portion of rice and tons of white and green onions.  I called to complain and advised the cashier to call the dish onions, onions and more onions...he hung up on me.
5	Great food for the price, big servings. great costomer service. me and my husband ate here twice in a row it's good and glad I live close by!
4	The only reason I give 4 stars is the fact that their delivery takes a little longer than the average place but my husband and I have ordered a handful of times and the food is pretty good. Our order is always correct, always hot and the drivers are always very nice. If you are looking for decent take out with great service then I suggest this place. If you get delivery, I would definitely order before you are starving.
3	Ordered thru eat24.com waited an hour and a half after my order was confirmed. It says 45 min wait time. Ordered a dinner special and asked for little to no sauce and my food was covered in sauce. Food arrived cold (for a 6 min drive that's not acceptable). Defiantly not very impressed. And no the food does not make up for it.
3	I used to get takeout from here a lot. When I lived closer. It is really fine. Nothing to get excited about, but not terrible. I had the Pad Thai lunch special and it is nice that they use breast meat. I thought that it was too sweet and it is weird that it comes with rice. The fried rice is not great. Not bad tasting, just plain and not worth eating, really.   The service was very friendly.
4	While staying in Las Vegas working we stumbled across this place after coming down with a cold and needing some hot soap.  The wonton soup is the best I've EVER had.  They make it with lots of stuffed  wontons, shrimp, bbq pork, bok choy, cabbage and onions.   We also had the general chicken, orange chicken and chillimint chicken.  All of it was wonderful.  No heavy soggy batter just nice and crispy.  The delivery guy was pretty quick and very polite.I would have given them a perfect score but they really lack when it comes to the lo mein noodles and the fried rice.  Very plain!  Don't let keep you from ordering thou, next time I'll order the steamed rice.
