5	My all-time favorite fast food indulgence!The Zalads (zacks + salad) are super delicious. They are filled with fresh ingredients and there are several different types (house, asian, bbq/buff /fried or grilled chicken) I also enjoy the chicken finger plate which comes with yummy cole-slaw, seasoned crinkle cut fries, Texas toast and zacks sauce (mmm). The quality out does any other chain fast food Ive ever had. It can be slightly pricier ~ $7-10 depending on if you get a beverage. I also like that they serve coke-zero. This location can get pretty packed come lunch time so budget in a few extra minutes. Just a note the ONLY thing Ive ever had that was sub-par were the Buffalo wings - being from Buffalo and not having Franks Red Hot Sauce makes me a picky wing person so I focus on the other things- you won't be disappointed!
4	Just had lunch here and it was the it was the best lunch i think i've had in a long time.  Good chicken, good fries, and the best part is the shaved ice for your soda!
4	Love Zaxby's, copied the sauce for home made chicken strips. I've been to many in several states, the quality of food/service is very close. Dependable good eats from NC to Ga.
4	Thebomb.com. awesome food. The chicken is amazing and so is the sause. being from new york, we have the traditional fast food places (wendys, bk and mcd) but no great chicken places, so if youre from the north, and you're in the south, you gotta go.
5	Totally love this place!  I'm new to being a Zaxby's customer but I'm so glad I decided to give this place a try!I ordered the chicken finger plate, with fries and coleslaw...the Zax sauce is a must have! It's a creamy mix of spices that pairs very well with the chicken.The chicken breading is delicious! And the fact that your food is always hot and made to order...AWESOME!!! And that piece of buttered toast is heavenly! Overall this had to be one of the best "fast food" places I've enjoyed in a long time!
3	Have you ever gotten your food, eaten it and enjoyed it, then on the way out, you see someone else is eating something and it looks better than what you had? That happened to me at Zaxby's.I had their Zaxby's Club, which is a breaded and fried chicken breast (I don't think they have anything that's not fried) with bacon and cheese and lettuce and tomato on the most unhealthy and delicious Texas toast. With a big pile of crunchy fries. There was a pickle under there somewhere but by the time i had uncovered it, I wasn't interested. It was delicious and I ate every bite of the sandwich, mopping up a decent amount of ketchup with the tasty fries. Yum.And then on the way to the bin to drop my tray, I saw another guest with a plate of a dozen or so wings that looked awesome. Even yummier looking than my sandwich. Next time, Zaxby's. Next time...
3	I was so confused! I didn't know this place was a fast food joint.  I ordered chicken strips and a Caesar salad and they were both pretty good. The chicken was tender but a bit too salty.  I liked the creamy/tangy dipping sauce and the Caesar salad was pretty good for a fast food restaurant.  Overall, i wasn't too excited about anything, but it served my late night chicken craving.
4	I am a pretty frequent visitor to this restaurant and I love it...  Although they cook to order, I have never had an incredibly long wait time...  When you call in an order, it is done before you get there...Those salads are ridiculously tasty and I love the Honey French dressing they offer...The french fries are worth the calories... Just do it... I used to know a lot of the staff here, but they've got a new crew... They're just as nice as the ones I remember and they always have smiles on their faces... If you're in the area and want a solid choice for delicious food, this is your place.
4	The Buffalo chicken fingers with a side of onion rings are Beyond marvelous, especially dipped in a spicy sauce.... Last time I was here it was 23 degrees out, but hay, not today, 65 sweating degrees while licking my fingers to their spicy dipping sauce. You might as well have a large onion rings , you deserve it....Dip the onion rings too!!!
1	I stop at this location when visiting family in Charlotte. They are zero for two with getting my order correct. At other locations, when I have gotten what I have ordered, the food is great.If management could get the employees here to pay more attention to detail.......
4	It's a step above fast food and the menu revolves around chicken tenders.  Service was great.  It took them a little longer to make our orders and they gave us a bunch of free food to make up for it.  Friendly place and good food.
2	I have had the same experience as John L.    I have been here numerous times and every time the order is wrong....every time i go back thinking things would have gotten better but same results.  I love the food but it is rediculous that you can get 6 out of 6 orders wrong months apart.   The time the order is fixed the rest of the food is cold.   Get it right Zaxbys or you'll be out of business.   If the chicken wasn't so good I would rate 1 star.
1	This is by far the worst Zaxby's I've ever been to. The first time my online order wasn't even ready. The second time I had to wait 20 minutes to get my food. This establishment is slow to take orders and get them correct as well as having orders out in a decent amount of time. I'm still wait I on my food as I write this review. I will drive clear across Charlotte before driving a minute to get food from here.
