2	Excellent food, but the service left much to be desired.This is the first time I have eaten at the Whale & Ale. I went with a group of coworkers for lunch -- many of whom have enjoyed dinners there before -- and while I expect a pub to take a little while to prepare a large order of food at lunch, today we waited almost an hour after ordering for our food to arrive. At no point was there any apology or acknowledgment of the delay, and the only reason we knew they hadn't completely forgotten us was because I asked repeatedly how long we would be waiting. (I never did get a straight answer.) The food finally arrived just seconds after I told them our party needed to leave. The serving staff were completely disengaged. I actually felt kinda guilty for leaving any tip at all.I might try this place again for a dinner, as the food was good. But I will avoid the Whale & Ale for lunch again... I don't have 2 hours to waste during a work day.
2	The sirloin and brie burger is pretty good. Very cozy atmosphere, but the service was absolutely terrible. We basically had 3 different servers; one who took our order, one who brought us our drinks and another one who brought our food. They didn't check in to see if we needed anything and we had to get up and walk to the bar to get our bill. Unfortunately due to the lack of service, I will not be returning and will not recommend this place.
2	The girlfriend and I both ordered pies from the pub fare menu - I jumped at the Steak & Kidney pie as I love it and it is so hard to find on Canadian menus.The food was GARBAGE. The girlfriend's mashed potatoes literally tasted like plastic. The pie crusts on both were soggy and mushy (they were covered with gravy in an attempt to hide this); her pie tasted as though it was freezer burned and mine both tasted and smelled "off".Both of us sent the pies back, finished our beers and walked over to the other restaurant nextdoor for supper - we will never go back!The only highlight of this pub was the service which was top notch. That being stated, I would suggest you avoid this pub unless you are simply in for a few sociables, in which case I would recommend you dine elsewhere first.
