5	well you could call me a foodie lol and I travel a lot and first thing I do is look up restaurants in yelp and even plan what I will be ordering. So in the way in Montreal I heard there is a big Moroccan community and I looked up Moroccan restaurant but only few with very bad rating. Well while walking on old Montreal I saw the their sign and right away pulled my iphone and yelped it but nothing came out tried everything and nothing is showing this restaurant except urban spoon with two reviews. So after I ate there and enjoyed the food so much I told them I will be writing about them in yelp since their website is not functional at all. I ordered Harera soup which was very good and then Tajen Lamb (he made it specially for me upon requesting) and side of cos cos. I am from the middle east and eat morrocon food all the time. Their food was outstanding. I will upload the pictures. I never started a business review but they deserve it :)  Talal
5	We were visiting from New York City and spent a long time searching for a place to eat dinner. Taking a chance on Safran et Canelle after reading it's lone review on Yelp, we discovered a gem. The decor is spartan yet the place has a relaxed feel about it. We were waited on by the owner who also prepared all of the dishes. Everything we ordered, chicken and cous-cous, braised lamb shank and chicken with lentils perfectly prepared and exquisitely seasoned. I appreciated his judicious use of salt, especially. Each entree included either soup or salad and the meal was finished off with Moroccan pastries and mint tea. The owner said that he "cooked with his heart" and this was certainly evident in the deliciousness! We have eaten at several North African restaurants in our neighborhood in Astoria Queens, New York and I must say that Safran et Canelle  beats them all. The next time we are in Montreal, this place will be top on our list.
5	We loved this place!  I spent a lot of time looking on yelp for a moroccan place.  We decided on this one and everything the other reviewers wrote was true.  I was blown away by the Harira soup (Moroccan Tomato, Lentil, and Chickpea Soup).  I would have been happy with that as my main meal it was so good!  Then I had vegetarian stew with couscous and it was fantastic.  A very healthy portion as well for a decent price, especially given the quaint location in Old Montreal.  The meal came with soup, a main dish and then a plate of homemade desserts.  They were excellent, just the right amount of sweetness.  We also had a generous amount of Morrocan mint tea that went so well with the sweets.  We would definitely return to this restaurant on our next trip to Montreal.
5	Because we are planning a trip to Morocco later this year, we were happy to find a Moroccan restaurant to visit during a business trip to Montreal since it would give us a chance to try out some Moroccan dishes. We started with the soupe harira (tomato, lentils, and chickpeas), which was flavorful and comforting. I particularly enjoyed the inclusion of cilantro, which complemented the soup well. For my main dish (and upon the recommendation of the waitress), I had the pastilla de poulet. I have never had this dish before, and it was absolutely delightful. I never would have expected that chicken, sugar, cinnamon, and onions would go so well together, but the combination of the sweet and savory was wonderful. It was accompanied by angel hair pasta with cinnamon and raisins (I think), which was delicious as well. Dessert was small pastries and traditional Moroccan mint tea--the perfect finish to our meal. Our waitress was friendly and helpful in providing advice on what to order. I very much enjoyed this restaurant and appreciate them serving us such an excellent meal. It was a great way to kick off our trip to Montreal.
5	They have the best Pastilla au poulet in Montreal. Eating here is like having a good friend take you home and getting his family cook their favorite meal for you. Great place. Staff is friendly and the food is impressive.
3	Whilst in Montreal a friend met up with her cousin who she hadn't seen for quite some time. As we were unfamiliar with the area we were recommended to meet up here for dinner.At first the restaurant seemed very small however there is an upstairs area which we were seated at. After making a decision on our meal choices we waited for the waiter to take our order however waited over 20 minutes for this. Rather than wait someone in our party went downstairs to notify the waiter.After taking our orders it took about another 20 minutes for our food to arrive. The food was delicious and contained plenty of flavour. We ate family style so that we could all try something new. From memory we ordered one of every flavour tajines and they were all super yummy. I recommend trying one of these if your'e visiting this place.
1	don't waste your money in this restaurant. the portions are ridiculous, the mint tea doesn't get refilled if you don't ask for that non stop. the food is over priced. the toilet was broken and nobody cares to fix it. the menu was missing three most popular items in a friday night and the waitress didn't bother to inform us in the beginning. the ambiance doesn't look authentic at all. when we got to pay the machine was broken so if you don't have cash you can get in trouble. i would strongly suggest Mogador restaurant. the best so far. Can't be compared to this crap.
