5	I'm not going to ponder over the implications of yelping a cigar shop; I'm just going to assume that if you're reading this you are on a quest to find a great place to buy (and possibly smoke indoors) a cigar. No judgment here.  Without further ado: Blooms is the fantasy of every working class cigar smoker in the country. Working class guys like 'Biker Mike,' who I met the last time I was at Blooms, and who smokes four stogies a day (!) hanging out in the shop for hours on end talking and watching sports. This type of cigar smoker is a first cousin, but definitely not a sibling, of the kind of smoker that likes leather chairs, dark wood and scotch on the rocks. The shop's been open since the fifties and is still run by the same family (who never felt like redecorating), so its antique feel and appearance is the real deal (complete with a red velvet theater curtain). It's smoky, crammed with worn-out sofas, filled with loud old men, piles of girlie mags and overflowing ashtrays. But you want to know about the cigars you'll be finding in the walk-in humidor that's twice the size of your apartment. The short version is that they carry everything. The long version is that they carry everything you want and then a bunch of stuff you've never even heard of, much less tried (including the house brand).Marc, the owner, is more than willing to take you on a tour of the humidor giving recommendations based on price and preference. And he's a pretty straight shooter, "There's not a cigar in here worth more than $6."Even though I've smoked tons of cigars (yes, I'm in my mid-twenties, and yes, I'm a female--it's one of the more eccentric habits I picked up from my dad) I still ask for suggestions because he always introduces me to things I wouldn't try otherwise. Taking it to the next level: you can join a members-only club for $350 that gives you 24 hour access to the shop and a locker to put your cigars in. And there's free brisket or ham in the back every Saturday afternoon that's way better than any free brisket or ham should be.
5	wide selection, awesome owner -- hands-down the best cigar store in pittsburgh!!!
1	Large selection but high prices, unhelpful staff and dust on the cigars make this place terrible. Spend your money at leaf and bean or allegheny smokeworks, at least there they appreciate their customers
4	An institution on the southside and deserving of its reputation as the grand daddy of cigar stores in Pittsburgh. Parking can be tough but hey, it's South Side. Parking is tough everywhere. Once in, you're greeted by a dense wave of cigar smoke from a cadre of regulars who seem to be anchored in the beaten up chairs with piles of cigar ash surrounding them and a din of, at times, animated "conversation". I always feel like I'm interrupting something when I walk in. But the humidor is large, the selection is very good - including their own branded cigar which is excellent - and the prices are on par with just about anywhere else. If you're looking for a few cigars, it's worth braving the intrusion into a smoking party you weren't invited to and go on in to the humidor.
4	Bloom is just one of those places.  I came in not knowing what to expect and left not knowing what exactly happened, lol.Looking for something to do on a slow Saturday, we decided to give Bloom a try after a friend had visited and had some positive things to say.We walked in and immediately realized this is a regular kind of place.  Two rows of leather seats were situated down the center of the room, with all the guys focused on the NFL game that was on at the time.  The owner quickly got up and welcomed us in, so that was a plus.I told him that this was our first time there and that I had seen on their Facebook page that they were running a deal for a free cigar if you gave the "password."  He immediately perked up and was excited that we had seen the promo...  quickly escorting us into their absolutely massive (though patchwork) humidor.  After picking out a free Olivia G and a few other cigars per his recommendation, we went to check out and hit the road...  only to be told that they had a ton of ribs and cornbread in the back of the room for customers and that we were welcome to stay, have a smoke and relax.  Why not!?Surprisingly, the ribs and the corn bread were incredibly good, and the owner stopped over to our area a few more times to ask how we were enjoying ourselves.Overall, we left Bloom oddly satisfied.  I can't put my finger on exactly why (maybe it was just good timing, a good experience and the ton of cornbread in my stomach), but I definitely plan on returning.Could the place be improved?  Sure.  It's not somewhere you'd take your mother (or your girlfriend/wife) if they're bothered by cigars, bathrooms w/ certain pictures on the walls, and a manly burlesque clutter everywhere...  but maybe that's part of the charm.
5	Always enjoy a visit to Bloom. Staff is probably the most knowledgeable in the tri-state area, hands down. The ambiance speaks "man cave". The selection of smokes is unmatched in the area. Bring your favorite bourbon or scotch,  pick a stick, grab a leather chair and sit back and enjoy.
5	FREE CIGARS?  Yep- keep reading... but...Don't go here...!If you don't like smoke- don't go here.  If you have OCD and get hives when you see dust- don't go here.  If you don't like friendly old guys reliving their youth- don't go here.  If you're afraid of parallel parking- don't go here.  If you are allergic to vinyl seating surfaces- don't go here.  If you can't stand mellow classic rock (read: Led Zepplin)- don't go here.  If you're in a hurry- don't go here.  If you request 'Non-Smoking' ALL the time- don't go here.  If you are trying to become a hipster by smoking cigars- don't come here.  Have I made my point?  But you're still reading...?  Great, then read on...If you enjoy a good smoke, if you have a few hours to kill, if you love the idea of smoking in your own living room but hate the 'sticky-dirt' that accumulates on the walls only to be evident when you move your pictures around and find that your walls are 3 shades darker than when you first painted them, if you enjoy hearing stories that start out- 'When I was younger...' or 'When I was your age...', if you're not allergic to dust, if you have an open mind... you get the idea.  This place is a gem.I'm a chill, relaxed, open minded, live & let live, love to hear stories, love to tell stories, love to BYO (as you can carry a 6 pack in here) kind of guy.  I was brought up in a 2 smoker household, my father quit cold turkey when I was about 12, my mother has reduced her cigarette intake drastically but still smokes daily.  I turned out ok.  No lasting effects, no long term issues.  I can't recall when I tried my first cigar and I can admit- I wasn't hooked.  I have evolved over time.  Now when I want to relax, when I want to recharge, I head to Blooms.  Cigar Camp happens every Saturday.  What's that, you ask?  It's kind of like WDVE's Electric Lunch.  Michelle Michaels asks for 'lunch requests', she promises to 'try to get it on...' she 'Cooks it up & serves it hot'... but there's no lunch.  Here at Blooms- there's no Camp.  There's no tents, no campfire, no smores...  What there is is a very friendly owner (Mark) holding court and acting like the moderator of the debate on life.  My wife learned about Furries here, for god's sake!  She thought I was pulling her leg when I tried to explain it but after our second visit to Blooms when the old guys were discussing the upcoming weekend, she learned all she needed to know.  Cigar Camp does feed you though- there's usually ribs, corn bread, pulled pork, slaw, potato chips, all supplied by Mark (with a required purchase of course.  We all know there's No Free Lunch).  The 'campers' also bring stuff and we had our first taste of home-made Lemoncello here.    Our first visit we learned how to get free cigars.  Years ago there was a bar in Homestead named Chiodos.  Chiodos was decorated with eclectic stuff.  Eclectic stuff and Bra's...  TONS of Bra's...  Well, I'm not sure who 'came' first- Blooms or Chiodos but Mark has bras all over the ceiling of the humidor.  I guess it keeps the cigars happy.  Anyway- we were taking the tour and my wife asked about them.  Turns out- if you give him your bra- you get a free cigar.  If you take it off in front of the 'cigar smoking court'- you get 2 cigars.  If you let him take a polaroid- 3 cigars.  My loving and open minded wife earned me 2 free cigars.  Pictures don't lie- but reviews can, she said.  ;) As for prices and the review that says the prices are high... Are you HIGH...?  Mark will take you to the $2 bin and tell you that this cigar is better than the $14 one 2 shelves over.  He'll tell you that the $4 ones are only half as good as the $8 ones.  He's not trying to win you over- he's telling you to think for yourself.  We're all individuals with our own tastes.  Try the $2 ones first, if you don't like them try a different one.  There's that saying that says 'You eat with your eyes first...' and those $2 cigars don't look like much but they have every bit as much taste as a $10 one with a fancy band.  Tell Mark what you want to spend and he'll pick the best cigar for your needs...  Where am I gong with this review...?  I'm not exactly sure.  It's my very own 'trip down memory lane' that's continuously being added to, I guess.  But in the infamous words of Jimmy Buffett- 'The best navigators are not quite sure where they're going until they get there...' Thank you, good night and don't forget to tip your bartenders...  :D
5	...this is a cigar store......a cigar store has cigars in it...you put one end in your mouth and you ignite the other end with some type of flame providing instrument. When properly done a subtle ambiance over takes the smoker and time starts to slow down and the thing you worried about all day can now be dealt with at a later time...seats are provided so you can sit and lie to the guy next to you about how rich you are or how big your wife's/girlfriend's breasts are...time slips away imperceptibly...if you are hungry the proprietor, Mark, has provided something for the stomach and perhaps a shot or two of something if you choose...an enormous variety of cigars providing for every price range. Mark is a most gracious host and quick with snappy repartee and usually a freebee if you buy the right smoke. If you are in anyway not accommodating to this type of establishment don't go and try and piss somebody off...no one will give a shit and they'll just tell stories about you after you have gone...the only possible negative that I have is that everything is not priced. I have many hands out in my home and at certain times of the month a less expensive cigar is required...the Christmas party is not to be missed...
