3	A huge Albertson's.  A bakery, deli, prepared foods, Starbuck's and floral.  It is gigantic inside.
4	I actually really like this Albertson's- it's the nicest one I've been in. It is big and their selection has improved with the addition of an organic / natural foods section (wish I could get my Ian's Frys there if you read this Albertsons!). Their prices do seem a bit higher to me than some of the other area stores, but I am guessing it is due to being located in a large high end shopping center.The service has always been good. There is a guy at the butcher counter that has been there since they opened who is as friendly and helpful as can be (wish I knew his name, sorry). Also, I ordered my son's birthday cake from this location a week ago and it was great! They had a huge selection of photo cakes and well know character designs. I got one made of cupcakes covered with a Lightning McQueen design and it was a big hit!Great store, good selection, big, clean, well lit and nice employees. Makes it worth the price.
4	If you're staying at the JW Marriott, it's easy walking distance from the hotel for supplies for your stay, of both a food and beverage nature.  The separated liquor store has a decent selection of beer and wine, but it would have been nice to see a few higher quality Magnums of wine.
4	Coming from the east coast, I didn't realize the prices at Albertsons was considered more expensive than the average Phoenix grocery store.  I thought it was a bargain!  I loved coming here every few days to shop.  It was like a mecca of discounted items (compared to the east).  But I do agree they need to stock up on a better selection of wine, meats, and even dairy products (a written request for Fage greek yogurt went unnoticed).  Also, I think their wine guy is lacking in his vino knowledge.  He was obviously flustered when I asked for recommendations.  He seriously has no clue about wines.
5	This Albertson's is located in a major grocery intersection which includes Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and Fry's. Located next to a Petsmart, Staples, Hallmark, and Walgreens. Opens at 6am and closes at midnight. Clean, friendly, great deals. Good assortment of organic/natural food. I just wish I lived nearby!
5	Let's be honest. My boyfriend and I are complete suckers for Albertson's Monopoly. Yes. We are THAT annoying couple that is determined to win even when we know the odds are ridiculous. The best time to go for the game pieces is before the contest ends when tickets are being multiplied. So, we went to tons of different Albertson's around the Valley and all we got from the associates was attitude. NOTHING BUT ATTITUDE. After obtaining hundreds and possibly even thousands of game pieces from several different Albertson's stores around the valley, we came here to redeem our last few. And let me tell you, we were absolutely and pleasantly surprised. Nicole, the girl who worked there who helped us every time we were there, was absolutely perfect when it comes to customer service. She is kind and didn't judge us or scoff at us for coming in multiple times and redeeming thousands of tickets in her store. Whoever manages this Albertson's needs to give Nicole a pat on the back for outstanding customer service. Aside from the fact that she not only helped us, but she was also kind to all of the other shoppers and people that came in. Honestly. I know it may sound over exaggerated considering that I'm raving about Monopoly game pieces, but she was so kind. A little goes a long way, it really does. Thanks for your help, Nicole! If you're reading this- I'm sure you remember who we are and I have submitted a compliment to corporate!
