5	I *LOVE* this place.  I will never go anywhere else to get my nails done.  The owner, Kay, has been my nail lady for a couple years.  I've followed her through 3 other salons and now she finally has her own.  Everyone here is awesome and they do a great job.  Check it out!!
5	I decided to give myself a nice pedi for my birthday, and decided to come here with my friends. It was such a great time! The service was excellent. Ok, so I had the full deluxe pedi which has the salt dead skin scrub, the cooling gel mask, and a hot towel wrap all for $25. It was amazing! The pedicurists (is that what you call that position?) were so friendly, and funny. They were very hospitable. They were telling us a lot about their culture and how to say things. And although our poor feet were in dire need of some TLC they sure did take the time and effort to really make that show. So my nice feet were happy. When you get a pedicure here. They give you a personal pedi kit. In the box it has your personal nail buffer and foot scrub. They ask you to put your name on it with your birth date so they can identify you. This is to ensure that no one else shares your nail buffer and scrub. And you don't have to worry about them reusing their utilities with someone else before they took care of yours. So it guarantees that what instrument they use to clean your feet and file your toes are things that YOU'VE used and are yours. They've won my heart and I will continually become a regular now. :)
5	They do the best pedicures! Amazing prices. I got a deluxe pedicure for 25! Now that's a steal. Regular pedicure are 20 but for a deluxe pedicure it's just an extra 5 dollars. Includes a scrub, cooling mask, hot towels and a dead skin removal. It felt so good and everyone there is super friendly. They give you a complimentary box with your own personal supplies (really sanitary) and bottled water. By far the best salon I ever been to. Great customer service. Best pedicures in town. Amazing services. Definitely come and give them a try. The prices are unbeatable!!
5	Family run, excellent service, unbelievable prices. Definitely worth the short drive from the Vegas strip.
5	Moved from Cali to Vegas and hadn't had a manicure done since then because I was afraid to be dissappointed with the service. I read some reviews and decided to give them a shot I got a gel manicure for $25!!! They cut my cuticles perfectly no bleeding or uneven cuts worked fast but paid attention to detail. Will become my new nail place. Highly recommend it to anyone that wants a good manicure for a fair price.
4	I'm glad I was forced to try a new nail spot when my regular was closed on the only day I was free.  My nail technician here was very friendly and gave me the best foot message I have had yet.  I am extremely ticklish and usually can't enjoy this part of a pedicure, but she adjusted her method to focus on my ankles and calves and it felt marvelous.  And - BONUS - at $20 it was a few dollars cheaper, too.
5	Excellent service, did exactly how I asked, and definitely worth  the extra 5 bucks for Delux, absolutey worth it!
4	I went here with my two daughters (ages 5 &6) to get their nails done as well as mine.  They were very sweet and catered to them nicely, even when the oldest daughter accidentally scuffed her toes, they fixed it without any complaints. I really love how they ask if you live in the area, open tools and have you write your name on a box with your birthday so that whenever you come in, you know that they are using your utensils and more likely NOT to get a fungus from other peoples toes. They had a phenomenal deal for a deluxe pedicure for $25. For a pedicure, (wish I had time for a deluxe), gel polish manicure, and my two daughters nails and toes done, it was $65. I haven't had much luck with nail salons in Vegas, so this was a nice change of pace and a relief.
5	Best pedicure my wife and I have had. Left the Vegas Strip to save some money and we are so glad we did. Great services, clean, and wonderful staff.
5	I had a great experience here. I got a gel manicure with design and spa pedicure with french and a sea salt scrub/ massage for only 60$!! That's a good deal and the customer service was great. The give you an ice cold bottle of water when you come in. Definitely coming back.
5	So we are on vacation.. and after walking miles and miles of the Las Vegas strip.. a Pedi and massage was exactly what we needed. There was 3 of us and Kay, Lee and their team was so on it.. 3 pedis and 2 manis. Kay was amazing.. She really worked my feet and toes.. I love it.. Lee worked on my moms and she was in heaven too. The pricing is really inexpensive... 30 bucks for a great pedi. Its great to know what someone can just walk in and get a wonderful mani and pedi? I completely suggest seeing Kay, Lee and the whole fam bam for great service!!!
5	Goods service, good prices and my nails look good too. Went in for a spa pedicure and 45 mins later I was a happy gal. They did a wonderful job. I would really recommend this place if you're in the area and looking for a new nail place.
5	The owners of this shop are very sweet & knowledgable. We came on short notice, had a wonderful pedicure & I got to choose from a huge selection of gel polishes. I normally don't like massage chairs but while older, their chairs were wonderful. They give icy water to whomever comes in & had many repeat customers everyone knew by name. Glad to know we have a new nail spot.
4	Very friendly owner and staff. If you're looking for a professional nail salon, well look no further. Nail TK is your place.
5	25$ delux pedicure in summerlin. nuff sed.
1	I went here because of all the excellent reviews, they must have a low threshold for what they think is great. The place is as run down as their chairs are. They don't use new tools that are specific for each client, the tools were just sitting on the table, not sure how sanitary that is. The older man that did my pedicure was friendly, but was so rough on my feet that I have abrasions on 7 of my toes. When I mentioned he was scratching me with the file he laughed & said the burning was from alcohol on my feet. The only way it burns is if the skin is raw. I paid an extra $5 for "deluxe"a waste of time & money. The products they use have am unpleasant aroma. The staff is "nice" but there is a vibe that is awkward. I was the only customer there which says a lot, it took over an hour and a half for just a pedicure & I left with sore toes & they are still hurting today.
5	Most thorough pedicure ever!This is my 3rd visit to Nail TK and finally got a chance to sit down and give them a great review. Found them on Yelp with exceptional compliments from all their clients. Went out of my way to come check out what the buzz is all about. And they do the most thorough pedicure I've had yet. AND the price is very competitive!! Dat is your GO-TO guy for well pampered heels and neatly pedicured little piggies. He does a great job on my pedicures every time!! I really feel well taken care of when im there. They always offer water when you sit down and retrieve your personal tool box! Yes, really! you're not sharing some of the tools.. makes for a comfy feeling of less contamination with other people's toes /: The owners and staff are always so friendly and welcoming. I've also had a gel manicure here which looked great but didn't last as long as I wished .. but that was on me for spending the week in Hawaii. Salt water and gel manicure are not good combos! Yeahh so don't be getting your nails did right before vacation. The store is located next to Lee's Discount Liquor which made for a very easy to find location w/ plenty of parking. Its unique b/c normally nail salons are located near lots of smaller businesses/restaurants... BUT i love their location for it makes killing two birds with one stone!! liquor store and pretty toes all in the same stop. Can you ask for anything more? Anyways this salon comes highly recommended! Very clean and thorough in their work. Your pedicures will last forever and heels leaving feeling sensually smooth. Regarding the previous review from another yelper: I have no idea what she's talking about. Have to defend my "IT" place for: girl if you have delicate feet, you shouldn't consider getting a pedicure b/c they certainly are not able to trim away any dead skin and nails with cotton swabs and a water bath. C'mon they eff up 8 of your toes and you were happy to pay for the service to begin with? Thats your bad, no? Hardly a believable review. I've been coerced into trying other salons closer to my home, but I love coming here b/c I always leave feeling so well pampered! A must try for all locals, they're a little hidden gem.
5	I love this salon, came in on a cloudy Monday and was taken care of right away! Sat down and had my color change go flawlessly. Chatted with the owner about yelp and redeemed the check in offer for 2 free nail designs! I love this place, its clean,the staff is friendly, its so affordable.
1	Awful place to get a mani pedi. I had no idea that it was some sort of race to finish the job. The guy nicked me several times.  Finally at one point just pulled my hand and told him that he could skip it! The bleeding would have gotten worse!  They NEVER CLEAN THE INSTRUMENTS properly between clients.  Just rinsed them out in the sink.  Skip this place unless you want an infection!!!
5	The extra $5 for the spa pedicure really is worth it!
4	After seeing all the great reviews on yelp I decided to give Nail TK a try and get a spa pedicure. I walked in and was greeted right away by a friendly older gentleman who was very attentive.  He brought me a bottle of water and made sure I was comfortable in the spa chair. The nail technician was friendly.  The foot massage was AMAZING. Worth going back just for that. The massage chairs are little worn out but clean.  Overall the place is clean but don't expect a luxurious spa-like environment.
5	Very nice and friendly staff. Quick at what they do and it looks amazing. Love them definitely coming back. Very pleased with their services.
5	They treated me like a queen :-)))
4	Great pedicure! I read the reviews and I was in the neighborhood, just $20 for a Pedi and $5 if you want the massage and clay masque. The massage was interesting he pulled and popped each toe; the jury is still out on how I feel about this. I truly enjoyed the rest. The instruments came from a sterile "looking" bag and seemed clean. He even went out of his way to ombre my toes no extra charge they looked great. I did not get a manicure, for some reason my finger nails never seem to hold polish. Over a great job, and I walked away feeling refreshed.
1	No, thank you. I went here intending to get both a mani and a pedi, and I decided I wouldn't get the manicure during the pedi. I should have read the content of some of the negative reviews instead of just trusting the 4 stars on Yelp. The absolute most important thing to me in a nail salon is the cleanliness level. The fact that some reviews said that this place doesn't properly clean their utensils in between each and every use is of major concern and, if true, is absolutely unacceptable.  I read this as I was getting my pedicure. Now, I am praying that I don't get Hepatitis C. The price of the pedi ($20) was fine, until I realized that it doesn't include all the things a $20 pedi normally does-- sea salt scrub, nice foot/leg massage, etc. Their chairs are horribly run-down and need to be repaired or replaced. If you want the sea salt scrub and leg massage, you have to pay extra. The nail tech buffed my feet, but my heels are still terribly dry and rough. I'll have to go to another salon in a day or two to fix what this girl didn't do. Staff was friendly enough, I suppose. Polish color choices were plentiful. I like OPI and they had several options from that brand.The polish I initially chose ran out after the nail tech had started. Not a problem. It's just polish. I'm not that picky.  I had to pick a totally different color since nothing matched my initial choice. I went for red, instead of the shimmery pink. The nail tech didn't take off the old polish. How much effort does that take? I asked her to take it off so two of my toes wouldn't have thicker polish or different tones of color than the rest. She wouldn't do it. Seriously?I won't be coming here again. I am completely and utterly baffled by all the rave reviews. I guess I can't trust Yelp anymore. There are a million and one other nail places in Vegas. It won't be too difficult for me to find a better one than this, where I won't be concerned about a prior customer's toe jam giving me a bacterial infection.
1	my regular nail tech at my usual salon was not in, so i decided to give this place a try because of the good reviews. i shouldve just stuck with my salon. i started getting prepped by this young, blond tech, but then got moved with this little, older lady. she kept making this phlem-y sound...then swatted a fly with her hand and continued to work on my nails.. then filed my nails all screwed up so i ended up filing them myself. i told her i wanted a gel french manicure with a pink, shimmery nail bed. i showed her which shade of pink i wanted. she ended up just putting white on top of my bare nail and then glitter on top. i asked her if she was going to put the pink on it and she just said " i just put glitter over whole nail".....what the hell little lady?! it came out to be cheaper than my regular place, but definitely not as good. you get what you pay for, i guess.
4	After inconsistent, so-so results from six different nail salons in the past two years, I finally found consistency!! My nails look great every visit. The owners and staff are so friendly and always pleasant.
4	awesome! it was my guys first pedicure and he loved it. the men and women treated us great plus who can beat a full deluxe spa pedicure for $25 !
2	I went here for a fill. That's all well some gel polish too. Nothing fancy. I called for an appointment but when I got there I was looked at crazy. They talked their language then finally a lady sat me down. Yea I am picky with my tips but this was awful. She cut me trimming my cuticles, the paint job was sloppy and the curing machine didn't work right, she had to keep turning it off and on and even hit it to get it to come on. Yikes! I thought I might get electrocuted. I won't go back. Better places on town.
5	I have been coming here over a year now. This is a family operated business with excellent customer service quality. I love Kay nail work of art! That's is why I keep returning!
3	I had gone here for a spontaneous splurge on myself the day before Christmas Eve. The nail tech I had was really nice and tried conversing with me, which was great for the customer service point of view. The downside was realized as soon as I started really looking around the nail salon... Not as clean as I would like it to be or am accustomed to. Their equipment was still dusty from previous clients' nails, etc. The price was nice. It was actually the cheapest I've ever gotten my nails done for - $25. A reflection of the environment. Sorry. I like the customer service, but I prefer safe and clean habits over that. Still on the hunt for a good nail salon and nail tech to go to on a regular basis.
1	First impression of this place was from yelp, Four stars looked like a great place to go to. Mind you, I live about 10 mi away! So, I get there and its ok, doesnt look the part, but hey, never judge a book bu its cover! I make my way to the pedi chair where there was no other patrons.. I sat my purse down and started looking for the remote/ gateway to relaxation.. only to find that the remote was not only worn, but BROKEN. The tech chose a setting for me and it was the worst setting possible. I felt like I was stuck in a machine of bowling balls! I had to stop him before any more damage proceeded. As I continued to sit in misery, seeing there was approx 4 other potentially working chairs, I happen to notice a handful of mysterious activity going on directly before my eyes! Have you ever seen a yellow funnel? You know the ones that butt crack Bob typically grabs from auto-zone when preparing to add oil to his engine? Familiar?  That was the first mysterious object.. What made it even more mysterious was the older gentleman who'd just finished up a pedicure was dumping what looked to be used acetone or something back into the jug for other techs to use! I'm no genius, BUT I do have 20/20 "no glasses or lasic included"... IJS.Moving on to the final straw.I noticed no one took me over to do my full-set. So, I had to remind them which sucks because I let them know when I walked in that that was what I wanted. I felt that Id gotten tossed in to a non experienced tech, Millie was her name.  This lady looked like she didn't know a lick about acrylic and it seriously showed. Usually the tech lets the powder fully moisten with the liquid to make the acrylic. The lady was applying powder under the wet acrylic causing my nails to look like white rocks were under the acrylic. The head lady comes over when shed seen me complaining and starts going off on the girl in Chinese, right n my face. Never apologizing to the one that mattered.. ME!! The solution already?? They decided to drill off half the acrylic so she can reapply in the nasty layers. Lets say my nails look like CRAP. Its 6 am and I have a long day ahead there is so much more horror to this story and at this rate the reminiscing is lessening the chances of me being a better citizen today. Craney...out!!
5	Love it here they always take their time on the pedis and make sure to actually clean up everything perfectly! They also have by far best prices in town 25$ for pedi only $5 extra for deluxe pedi!
5	I've been coming here for over a year specifically for pedicures. A spa pedicure is $25, and you really can't be the price. You sit in a massage chair and get to soak your feet. Then they clip your toe nails and cuticles, scrub the bottom of your feet, and use what my friends and I call a "cheese grater" on the heels of your feet. With the $25 treatment, your legs get a scrub, hot towel, and your feet massaged. Lastly, of course, your toe nails get painted whatever you'd like!My feet always come out feeling refreshed and clean. The color keeps for at least 2 weeks. They even help you get your shoes back on.The people there don't speak a lot of English, but they're great people who always welcome me and my group of friends when we get our pedicures.
5	This place is so friendly! I got a mani/pedi here they were quick to seat me and did an amazing job! Definitely coming back! :)
4	I will be coming here more often. My friend referred me to this place. Very reasonable and was the best pedicure I've had since living in Vegas. Just make sure you verify what you are paying for being before they charge your card. But no big deal... I will be back here. It's not too far from my job so it's a convenience for me to go here when I have time.
4	Wonderful job on my nails! When I first walked in, I was greeted with smiling faces! They helped me pick out a color for my gel manicure. I requested Kay due to amazing reviews and pictures on yelp. She was very friendly and made my nails look great! *note: she doesn't do a long hand massage.Manicure price was : $20!!!!!!Soo cheap and they did a better job than a place did down the street. Place down the street charged me $35 and did an crappy job. All in all, I recommend you get your nails done here!!!! :-)
4	Great pedi from either Dak or Lee. No shortcuts taken. The polish colors are a little stale. Bring your own.
5	I had the best mani/pedi of my life. Although, it's because of my tech! ASK FOR "DAT"! He's was amazing. Took his time, thorough, excellent. My Girlfriend had her nails done too and wasn't as pleased. So be sure you ask for Dat!Resonably priced too!
1	Just left 15 min ago after being there an hour for a standard manicure.... file, trim, paint... it took them an hour to do this...  polish already chipping off!!!  so angry!!Called back to explain what happened and how it was already chipping they said come back to get it re - done but they have to charge me because it was MY FAULT.   All I did was leave drive home and split to watch TV before work.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
5	The moment Pha started on my pedicure, I knew it'd be great. She was very friendly and patient. She was meticulous and took her time which makes me feel important, as a client. Yen painted my nails and she did an amazing job. I'm a perfectionist when it comes to the color covering every edge of my nails and she did just that without me mentioning a thing. This is hands down the best mani/pedi I've ever gotten. Pleasantly surprised and super happy.
5	BEST place I've ever stepped a foot in. I absolutely love it! It is the cleanest nail salon and I loved it! All staff is very friendly and they even offered me water! I will definitely come back and recommend to everyone. Best service!
5	Excellent find! Great service, no wait (at least on my visit), good value! A nice, family-owned business that I was happy to support!
5	M second time coming back... service was great. They helped me choose the colors I wanted and I didn't feel rushed. I will continue to come here. It's so hard to find consistent quality business in Vegas. The prices are very reasonable too.
5	The best place in Las Vegas for nails! Great customer service and excellent results. They really take their time and are very thorough! Extremely reasonable prices for the the high quality of nails. The also have awesome waxing services! Nails TK is a must go to salon!
1	I had it with this place. Funny how it's just a small thing like a 45 minute wait (and not even getting served) that'll make you realize you're giving a place way too many chances.It you want a place that's slow and hurts you to the point where you're telling the laughing man to knock it off, this is the place for you. If you want blood on your feet and a permanent reminder of your inflicted injury, you can't go wrong with TK Nails.I tried to give this place a chance. I really did. I gave them a few chances in fact. I read the reviews about infection and poor equipment but it was in the area and had SOME good reviews. There were a few times where the service was acceptable but overall... Oh what a waste of time it is.Let's start with the broken down massage chairs when the control panels are gone in certain spots. Yes, you can see the electronics in the control pads. Alright, that's just aesthetics, right? Well... how about the broken rollers that leave two streaks of bruises on your back? I looked like two motorcycles rode on my back. I itched for about a week as the skin heals.Serious... kudos! A nail salon managed to inflict back injury! I'm amazed at your abilities.Fine. I won't use the massage chairs and just concentrate on the nails. Massage chairs are nice but you go to get your nails done. Sure, there's the whole experience and it would be NICE to feel pampered but OK... forget about that and just go with a business mindset of getting your nails done.Nope. It still falters.Let's get to the service. THESE PEOPLE WILL HURT YOU. I don't mean, "Eh... that sorta stung!" No. You will see BLOOD on your feet and wince in pain. I am not sensitive to pain. My own doctor tells me I have a high pain threshold. Yet that ability is taxed here. Telling them to please be gentle doesn't work. They give the universal nervous laugh for everything."Stop! You are hurting me!!!"Ha... ha ha!"No. I'm serious. There is BLOOD!"Ha... ha ha!!!Speaking of blood, I still have a permanent tattoo of when they rubbed my BONE on my ankle with a pumice stone. Check out my photo if that hasn't been removed. That area of the foot doesn't need to be smoothed out! The backs of my feet and such? Sure. The bone that sticks out? Why are you rubbing it? It just shows the laziness and lack of attention.Then  I told him he caused it.Ha... ha ha!!! No. I didn't do that. Ha... ha ha!!!"Yes. You did!"No... Ha... ha haa!!!Then there's the sticking the "scooper" way into your nails. If you ever read history books where people were tortured with bamboo under the nails and went: "Gee... I wonder what that feels like?", TK Nails can give you a small taste. While not as severe I'm sure as the intentional torture, it'll give you a small taste for free. Thanks for letting me experience that.If you still want to go, then be prepared to wait. Truthfully it was foolish for me to give as many chances as I did. When you're just sitting there you have plenty of time to think.I sat there and went... "WHY am I here again? Why am I even waiting? I thought about the blood, permanent tattoo, marks from the chair and general slowness and walked out.Terrible, terrible place.
5	I absolutely love this salon! Just moved to the area and I think I found my salon! Friendly staff , and they took there time in my pedicure which is a must have for me! Will be back !
5	Lee did an amazing pedicure with the best massage I've gotten in a nail salon. So good I got an extra 10 mins!
3	This place is ok ! The lady doing my nails started rushing after she had a customer come in and then once she started rushing that's when she started making mistakes and had to fix the polish on 3 different nails which started taking longer ... The turnout was nice though and they did an ok job! Most likely won't be back unless I have absolutely nowhere else to go to ! Was expecting it to be better considering the reviews....I'm satisfied though so no major complaints ! Dat did my toes and he was a little rough but once I told him to be more gentle he calmed down... If you could find somewhere else in this area go there !!!
1	HORRIBLE customer service for one I walked in and everyone looked at me then continued to do what they were doing . Then I went to get my fill after 15 minutes , I should add I had an appointment at 3 and there were people that weren't doing anything . The lady that did my nails did a fill and I asked for black gel polish she left bumps in the acrylic and she did a crappy job on the paint and I had her fix it twice . Then on to my pedi I loved it, it was great the guy that did it did an amazing job . As I paid to leave I walked out side and noticed the bumps in my nails and they were navy blue so I walked back in and asking if I could have another person fix my nails because I didn't like that there were bumps and that my nails were navy blue three people argued with me about the bumps and the color. Finally a lady had mesit down she only fixed 3 of the nails and the man that did my pedi told her to change the color because I didn't like it and she was like no she paid for black she gets black . As she was fixing the nails she was going very rough and even filed my skin . I was so dissatisfied with this service I'll never be back unless I get a pedi from the same guy I had today.
5	It was reasonably priced, The people where super nice and understanding, and easy to talk to! A lot of the workers where family. It got pretty busy quickly! And they where super grateful for a small tip ($16)
5	OmG!!!! I LoVe this nail shop there Soo nice and they take there time Lee is amazing best pedicure I've ever had in my life!!! Now about to get a full set because if the pedi was that good then I know my full set will be toooo. :) must come here!!!!!
1	Highly unprofessional to take reservations and then make your patrons wait. No apologies or explanations. Epic fail.
5	One on the best mani/pedi I ever had, even with a sea salt scrub.Friendly staff, great service and wonderful prices.Walked in sat down got all my services done, will visit again when in Vegas.
5	I'm new to yelp but not new to Nail Tk. Have been coming here for 2 years! Every time I come, they never disappoint. My sisters and my mom come here as well, and every time we go somewhere else it's not the same. It's a shame some other yelpers didn't have a good experience because I truly love this place. They treat me like family every time is swing by.
1	First time here... nice people but careless. The girl cut me not once but twice during a pedicure! Let's just say I'm missing a chunk of my left foot! It's definitely going to scar!
5	If you want the best pedi with a fabulous massage then you need to be here! Lee is amazing and gets the job done and well! I have even brought my daughter here and she is always treated to fruit snacks and bottles of water. Lee pays attention to detail and gets every bit of dried skin off my heels & toesies. You can't beat the prices and its awesome that the service is worth much more than you pay for. I've been coming for years and the staff is on point! Check them out, you won't be disappointed!
4	I love to get my pedicures from Lee when I go here. He gives the best foot massage ever. Their prices are great and the location is easy to get to.
1	By far the worst manicure I got. The lady named yen hates doing nails she complained about her back hurting and having arthritis in her hands . She kept pushing my hand in the dryer got red all on the sides of my fingers and the polish kept wrinkling
