1	I used to absolutely love them (the management company) until yesterday and today.  I had been a loyal tenant whom paid on time every month until it was sold to someone else suddenly overnight.  I was very happy to find that they were building another complex right down the street and I jumped at the opportunity to be with you guys again.  You can imagine my distaste when I found out that they were trying to charge a security deposit when I previously lived with them that was not charged before.  I was told that it is required by the company to charge this because of something on my credit report.  The same thing was on my credit report when they approved me last year and going by the fact that I have an excellent payment history with them, and all the other places I lived, the same thing should have been honored.  I decided to cancel even though I can afford the security deposit but on principle alone I did not appreciate this.  I was then told by the manager that the holding fee would not be returned in which I loudly expressed my displeasure.  It says nowhere on the paperwork that it was nonrefundable.   Before cancelling I checked with one of the leasing agents and she told me that at any time my holding fee would be returned and it would only take a few minutes to do this being that I used a credit card to process the holding fee.  I am now waiting for a regional manager to get back to me and hopefully it wont be all day. They have shocked and disappointed one of their most loyal and a valuable customer and I will be changing my story of how great they are to everyone that I have told so far. I can not believe that my vision of how awesome they were has now been tarnished by this horrible experience.  If this is the way you treat your customers now we can all do without it.  To be fair I will point out that the place I rented from them was beautiful...I even upgraded.  The new place..Dwell is exceptional and I was really looking forward to being there, the staff had always been nice.  It is an extreme shock to me that they are behaving this way now.
4	Finally after lots of phone tag they finally agreed to return my holding fees and explained a little bit more detail about why I was charged security when I wasn't previously, which is because the policy may have changed since a year ago.  It was also explained to me that in the future if I were to apply that the holding fee would only be returned within 24 hours of me applying.  While I'm not happy about that because other places give you 72 hours after approval,  at least the policy is very clear now.  Hopefully the paperwork they have will be updated to reflect this policy and the new staff members trained to not tell people its refundable when there's actually a stipulation. Other than all those problems, as previously stated the place is beautiful and once all of the other stuff is fined tuned it should be a very enjoyable and exciting place just as I mentioned before
1	Great look to this place. And as the "hidden" comments say, the only people in here who care are the facilities and maintenance staff. Since before even moving in, they contacted me at least 4 times because of their disorganization and kept saying my lease has not yet been processed because they never got a copy of m ID. I just reforwarded them the first email I sent when someone asked (even though I showed it to them and made a copy for them when I came in to sign my lease.)Now, they got rid of their original leasing staff as they were completely horrid. Never smiled, and stood outside texting and smoking cigarettes all day. The second batch they brought in at least attempted to smile and help, and thus far they have been doing a good job. My real problem is that my apartment has been infested with MICE and they have done little to nothing to solve the issue. The first time pest control was called, they placed traps all over the apartment. Each trap trapped one mouse. The last trap trapped 2 mice. A total of 6 mice were trapped the first time around. Obviously there is a problem here. Note, also, I have no food on the ground, nothing to attract the mice. So I spoke with management, and clearly explained to them that I am allergic to them.  Pest control is supposed to come every Tuesday. But all the mice traps were used by Friday, so I called in and they said they will "see" what they can do, but most likely I will have to wait until next Tuesday. Again, being allergic to mice, this was not something I was ok with. Luckily they had someone come out and "close the holes and take care of the issue." However, that same night, a mouse was caught. And I figured that may have been one stray mouse and that the holes are closed so no more can get out. Management said they would check on what they could do, and I haven't heard from them since. I spent labor day weekend, patiently waiting 4 days, living in an apartment infested with mice. On Tuesday morning there is a loud knock on my door, and when I come to the door, there are mouse traps lying on the floor. I come into the management office only to be told that they are unable to contact any of the managers and one may be here in a few hours. I decided to lease here, thinking that if I am paying such a premium for an apartment, they would care about their customers. But no one cares. They don't communicate with each other, so no one knows what is going on. They ignore all my emails, and don't respond to any of my needs, but somehow find time to post to their Facebook page. There are plenty of other apartment buildings that I have learned of through friends which don't have these problems, and in the event that they do, there is always someone to contact to handle the issue, and they are in the same area, and paying less than $800 for the same amenities and cleanliness.
3	This is for the people living here. Perry is the most wonderful, delightful man. If you ever need anyone who is really looking to help and care for your problems contact Perry.
1	Has anyone living or have lived at dwell apartments been suffering nasal stuffiness, eye irritation, wheezing, skin irritation and headache. I moved here in June, my daughter and I suffer, not sure if it's the dust from the construction or if it's a mold fungal reaction. I first thought it was  allergies until visitors that stayed with me at different times for 3 plus days each visit (7 of my family members/friends) and they all had the same symptoms. I'm very concerned and I've reached out to the unhelpful office staff 4 times.
1	We are one of the very first tenants here. As people started moving in, we are experiencing more and more troubles:Smoking weed, so I cannot open my door to get a fresh air because tenant under me smokes a weed.Tenant next door slapping a doors in the middle of night and since sound insulation is really bad, he woks me up every single night. I wrote them a nice polite letter, but they are snobby people and dont care at all. Now , I have a feeling that they are slapping it even harder. And I start having dizziness and black circles under eyes.It is a huge fight to get parking place. There are a lot of guests coming to visit residents and I cannot get my parking spot. I had allergy caused by chemicals used for pool.Cannot wait for lease to expire to move out!
5	I LOVE my apartment, honestly I was shocked when I saw the reviews on Yelp. The staff here is incredible. They are happy to help answer any question I might have, and always go above and beyond to ensure I am as happy as possible. The amenities are incredible and well maintained. My friends from out of town can't get over the beautiful pool area, modern and clean gym, and most importantly contemporary apartment. I can not recommend this complex enough! If you are in the market you owe it to yourself to take a tour.
5	I don't know why there are so many negative reviews (funny how all the reviewer only have done one review and that's for Dwell) I love my apartment so far, the staff have been extremely helpful even let me move in a day early. Haven't seen any rats, have had no allergy problems and I love the amenities in the community. I have an upstairs apartment and love it and you get a free tv which was a great perk! I work on the strip so this is close to everything and a short commute to work. Happy to be here.
5	Pros:The apartment exteriors are LA Kings colors. The fixtures and appliances are all modern and awesome. The apartment comes with a giant TV, washer, dryer, dishwasher, fridge, microwave. There are not many shit heads around. Uh oh. Does that mean I am the shit head?The club house or whatever the hell it is called is awesome.  I haven't used the gym yet despite that god damned Freddy's down the street summoning me regularly. Jessica handled most of the correspondence on my lease and she was a dream to work with. It is easy to get jaded and defensive in this kind of job where people are horrible to you all day long but she was always positive, friendly and took care of business. I haven't noticed a single rat or bug anywhere. That said, no human can completely harness the powers of nature. Bugs and rats go to where humans eat and live. Always have, always will. What matters is what steps are taken to eradicate the lil bastards when they show up. Again, I haven't noticed a single rat or bug...Cons:The walls are a little more on the thin side than I'd like. There is one hell of a snorer living in one of these units around me. If I put in ear plugs and put on the white noise machine, I can still feel the bass frequency this dude is emitting.The pergo floors could have used a bit more glue, more evenly applied. Construction crew was rushing through it.Summary: I haven't experienced any shit heads in the office. They may be there. Most offices have at least one. But even then, you give respect you get respect. I haven't experienced rats or bugs. They probably are around. It is nature's way after all. But the one star reviews people... You should go look at some real one star apartments one day. The smell alone will knock the entitlement right out of you.
4	Super modern and swank!  But you pay an extra $50 fa month for a second floor unit and an extra $30 a month for hard wood and an extra $25 to face the pool on top of the $1,165 a month rent!  But very very modern!   Dope layout!  But I can get a huge HOUSE for that price!
