4	It's been awhile since I got a pair of jeans hemmed, but I swear that the last time I did, I did not pay the $10-$15 that most tailors I called were quoting me.  I even turned to Yelp to see if anyone could refer me to a cheap tailor.  Nobody could come up with a place, but I found a flyer in my room from C&C Cleaners that they had left on my door advertising $6 hemming.  Perfect!I dropped two pair of jeans off on Thursday and she told me they'd be ready on Saturday.  They lost a star because when I went in before work, she hadn't done the work.  So I had to send my girlfriend in to pick them up since they're closed on Sunday and I leave town on Monday.  But they look pretty good, and assuming they don't fall apart within a few wears/washes, I couldn't be more thrilled about the price or location.
1	I went in for first time end of dec and I'm still trying to get the catastrophic  event behind me. Dropped off $200 brand new shirt end of dec.  Picked up shirt for New Years Eve. There are gold braided chains across empire waist. One side of the chains had been pulled out, completely obvious. They just packaged it anyway. I told them they would fix it like it was when brought in. A week later I pick it up and it looks like a 5 yr old fixed it! I can't get past the unprofessional manager to talk to owner to resolve this  problem . Shes too busy to handle a very bad service her company provided. She was very unknowledgeable about every aspect of my problem, but was sure about 1 thing, she had to handle it herself and it would be tues before she could even call to discuss problem with owner. It was 12:00 pm on a friday. I would never recommend this business to anyone. Cross your fingers they finally get it right! Amazing one shirt can spend a month at the cleaners! Woolite here I come!
1	I have used this business for a while for my dry cleaning. I took in a skirt to be shortened. The skirt is a gauzy material that is difficult to work with. I went to pick it up and the hem was terribly crooked. I showed them and asked it to be fixed. I went to pick it up again and it's still about an inch uneven. I requested the $15 I paid for alterations to be refunded so I can take it somewhere else. They refused and said the skirt is wearable. I requested the woman to call the owner to request the refund. She called and had a long conversation. After the conversation, she said no and THEY DON'T WANT CUSTOMERS LIKE ME!!!
2	I've used this dry cleaner for years. Their dry cleaning is fine (they send it out), but not especially inexpensive or fast. I'd give 3 stars if it weren't for their tailoring. It's terrible! I brought in 2 curtain panels and asked them to simply remove the rod pocket on one and hem them together so they create one long panel. They didn't remove the pocket, and just sort of ran several seams over it to mash it all together. It's terribly crooked and they used a totally different color of thread. On top of that, they charged an outrageous amount to do this simple task - $35!!  I am not even going back to see if they can fix it. I went to another nearby cleaner with 2 other panels and got exactly what I wanted done, neatly and cleanly, for $15. Needless to say, I won't be going back- not even for my dry cleaning.
1	HORRIBLE! Ruined my jacket and RUDE about it! Took me 3 weeks to get credited and every time i stopped by to inquire about it they were so RUDE!
