5	this place comprises the sum total of my experience with nepalese food, but by any standard it is delicious.  i am a carnivore and they do have meat, but i never stray from madison's best vegetarian dishes.  the takari changes daily and all are good.  also rock himal's combo platter. flatbread is the platonic ideal.  salad dressing is also addictive.
4	I guess I can't comment on authenticity as this is the only place I've ever eaten Nepali food.  But it tastes great, you'll find nothing like it anywhere else in Madison...its relatively healthy and its not a chain...just a comfy, small place on State St. that you should visit...soon!
5	Like fellow reviewers, I've never eaten Nepali food outside of here and its sister restaurant Chautara, I've had several amazing meals here. Simple fresh food in the traditionally laid-back State Street atmosphere. Everything I have had was good here. Great for vegetarians and those seeking a unique ethnic-fod experience.
5	This is one of the restaurants that I wish would incarnate itself in every city I live in.  Where to start... the spicy potato and slightly peanutty momochas are wondrous and tasty little dumplings.  The dal (lentil soup) and roti (flat bread) are completely amazing. I have tried several of the dishes and have never been disappointed.  If you are intimidated by the menu, check out the Himal sampler platter. Seating is limited and the restaurant is usually crowded during the dinner time, I usually prefer to come during the odder times of the day.  There are plenty of vegetarian dishes but there is also an ample selection of meat dishes. (beef, lamb, chicken, etc)However, don't let the crowded-ness keep you away from the amazing and unique food.
3	I felt this place was a little overrated. Being something of a fan of Nepalese food, I found this place over-vegetarian and under-spiced, and the service was a bit slow. Still, it's a nice alternative to the beer-and-brats fare of the Great North.
4	Himal Chuli was my first experience with Nepali food, and I loved it then.  I've since tried much more Nepali food, and realize that Himal Chuli isn't the best out there, and is a little bit blander than I tend to like.  Still, the food is very tasty, and it's an excellent place to be a vegetarian.  Plus, the prices are rock-bottom (or were, when I was there-- it's been a few years).   Good, cheap food?  That is the way to Melody's heart.  You betcha.
4	Best momos and momochas I have ever had................this place is a bit of an institution on State Street. Worth the visit.
3	Himal Chuli has potential. The mysterious eyes on the restaurant's front door are a replica of what is painted on a major Buddhist temple in Kathmandu. It is very cool that the servers take their pouring skills seriously: they basically hold a water pitcher sky high and the water comes cascading into your glass perfectly. This is a Nepalese cultural tradition I have observed before. I am also impressed by the dal soup. It is flavorful, without ever being watery, but does not have that gross consistency of split pea soup. Our server was also kind and pleasant, ready to help us at any moment.The rest of the food is just so-so. The name momos (cute name for dumplings) cannot mask the fact that they are just dull-tasting. Whatever chicken and vegetable dish I ordered had its bitter, blase moments.  But then again, I am spoiled, having actually traveled to Nepal to dine on authentic, native food, so of course the cuisine even replicated in the US is going to come up short to me.
4	I love this place.  The Dahl is amazing.  The samosas are the best I've had.  Not greasy.  This is the kind of place you can eat out and almost all the choices are healthy.  The large number of vegetarian entrees are wonderful.  The daily specials (tarkari) are so good.  My favorite is the Cauli.  The salad is great.  Never had the meat dishes, but I hear they're good too.If I could only pic two restaurant to visit for the rest of my life, it would be here and Lao Laan Xang.
5	Yum....I dream of this restaurant when not in Madison.  I eat there every time I return.  From the moment I walk throught he door, I smell curries and feel transported.In the summer, I enjoy sitting on the streest-side terrace sipping minted water and in the winter, I enjoy warming up with a hot chai tea.  I like everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  The momos, momochas and takaris are favorites.  I love the dahl and the naan.  There are two takaris to choose from each day.  Last time I shared sample platters with a friend so that we could have a bit of everything.  I will dream of momo until next time...
3	Himal Chuli has good food.  However, they also gave me food poisoning.  Years later,  I was dragged back in there.  While the follow-up trip did not give me food poisoning, it did give my friend (the one who made me go there) food poisoning.  I could only say "told ya so."  So...yeah.  Even though the food was technically tasty, I think I'll stick to other places that didn't make me feel like I was dying afterwards.
5	I love love love this place....one of my favorite places in town....pretty much a hole in the wall next to it's trendier cousin, Chautara.....but the food is just as good, if not better...and definitely cheaper!....and if you are sitting outside on a pleasant saturday afternoon, who cares how dingy they are inside.My only complaint is that although it's very reasonable for dinner, they have the same prices for lunch, so it makes it slightly on the expensive side, given that you can find cheaper lunch options that are just as good...i mean you are on State street!Nonetheless, lunch or dinner, I'd definitely go here over and over again!
5	MMM just saying the name brings back the best food memories a girl can carry with her on this long journey called life.  I have spent many a wonderful winter and summer evening in this little cozy nook of a restaurant.  It is small and seating is tight inside, but the colors and Nepali decor are so warm and inviting.  This is by far one of my most missed dining experiences in Madison.  I never even knew I liked Nepalese or any variation of Indian food, until I was taken here by one of my best friends.  It has now become a ritual whenever I visit.  The Roti ahhh salty and warm, the dal ahh the perfect blend of warmth, spice and flavor.  I typically stick the the usual dish of Chicken Buff which never disappoints and like to end the meal with the Cinnamon Lassi.  For the vegetarian's out there this place has many options without meat.  If you haven't tried it, go now!  I promise you will not regret it.  Just remember to take cash or a checkbook as they don't take cards.
5	*Great* place.  Went here while visiting Madison (beat the students flooding into the city by just two days).  Food was very well made, authentic-tasting (though, for the record, it's only my second time eating Nepalese food), and very healthy.  Service was at the speed of mom-and-pop shop, not conveyor belt -- that's either good or bad depending on your preference.  Unfrortunately I can't remember the names of the dishes to describe them in detail, but I can say this: mango lasse (South Asian milkshake) made from fresh mangoes.  Y. U. M.
4	Himal Chuli is one of the flagship veg-friendly restaurants in Madison. It's a super-small and friendly place, which can get filled up pretty quickly during peak hours, so keep that in mind. Also keep in mind that this place isn't great for groups larger than two or three, given the limited space.I noticed that they've increased their prices, and the more sophisticated dishes (such as the ones with seitan) are $15, while their 'tarkari' (vegetarian) combo selections are around $7-9, and served with a small herbal-bean soup, a main dish, and either rice or roti (note: the roti doesn't appear to be vegan).These are steep prices, considering the place is CASH or CHECK-ONLY, so make sure to carry at least $40 or more, if you plan to splurge on dishes.The food is wonderful. It's fresh, light and simple and feels home-cooked. It's rare that you find South Asian food like this (and I would know, as I'm South Asian myself and eat out almost every day). They have rotating 'tarkari' selections; the last time I went I had a combo meal with a butternut squash curry and also a spinach-blackeyed peas-potato dish.I wish Himal Chuli were 100% vegetarian, because Madison desperately needs an all-vegetarian restaurant, especially on State St., but, as it stands, Himal Chuli is as good as it gets.
5	This is my favorite restaurant, and not just because "Vegetarian" is the main section of the menu with "Non-Vegetarian" at the back.  (What a refreshing change of pace!)  The food is amazing enough to make up for the moderately high prices.  EVERYTHING they serve is delicious; even their water is freshened with lemon and mint.  The restaurant is small and can feel a little cramped during busy times, which is why I often go during off-peak times (11:00-noon or in the late afternoon).  I like to sit at their outdoor tables in summer and read a book while enjoying State St. and a wonderful meal.If you're going for the first time, get their combination platter with a lassi or cup of chiya (chai).  On your second visit, try the takari or one of the "buff" dishes.They do not take credit card, which has resulted in a couple embarrassing dashes to the ATM for me, but the waitstaff are quite friendly and understanding.  They also give 10% off for Bicycle Benefits stickers, so if you love the food but are on a budget, bike there!
5	VERY small inside, but I like that because it weeds out the people who are hesitant to begin with.  I LOVE everything on their menu!  The dahl is delicious and I have to get a mango lasse every time I'm there.  I've tried over half their menu and have never been disappointed.  I'm getting really hungry just typing about this place!
5	This is a lovely restaurant with very delicately and subtly seasoned food.  Tibetan food to me seems a lighter and more understated, but yet more flavorful Indian food.  The setting here is unpretentious, and can I say, somewhat spiritual.  I love this restaurant and eat here every time I visit Madison.
4	Himal Chuli is the sister restaurant to Chuatara and also happens to be the better one IMO. I don't know how traditional/authentic it is, but the food is light, tasty, and flavorful, and as a massive meat eater, I can say that they have some of the best vegetarian food I've ever eaten (most places are just too bland or funky).Surprisingly enough, for a restaurant with such a strong vegetarian emphasis, they do have good meat dishes. My biggest issue with this place is the price -- they seriously could charge a little less... $9 for the amount of food served was hardly a bargain and $15 for the meat stuff? Ouch. Atmosphere is cosy and quaint -- It's kinda quiet and bright and you get a nice view of State Street when you're sitting there.
3	I love me some ethnic vegetarian fare, but considering portion size and price, this place didn't rock my world. The spices and flavor of the stewed vegetables were really delicious and the wheat roti was dense and hot. I got one samosa which wasn't that good - liked the filling - did not like the dough, but the sauce it came with was pungent and yummy. Despite the nice authentic flavors here, to get one samosa, and one small veggie dish for $12  just doesn't cut it for me. I will continue to search for the best cheap eats I can find.
5	The Dal (bean soup is delicious and hearty.  Flat bread and Somosa round out a really great meal.  The staff is super friendly and they've got inside and outside dining options.  You'll enjoy this place I promise.
5	I adore this place! They have Nepali and Tibetan food, and I'm partial to Tibetan food for the comfort and low-key-ness it provided during a very busy trip through northern India. The momos are a bit different than I expected, but I'm going to chalk that up to a difference between Tibetan and Nepali food. I love the Tuck-Pa, a Tibetan veggie soup with momocha right in the soup - it's just the right balance of spice and comfort food. I also highly recommend the Katahar Kebab, a traditional Nepali meat substitute made out of jackfruit. I've been here with friends that think $8-$14 is too much to pay, given the portions, but the quality is truly wonderful and authentic (in my limited experience and opinion), and I've never left hungry after ordering only an entree.
4	My first time at a a Nepalese restaurant. Who knew you it would be in Wisconsin! A nice little restaurant on the main street, with friendly servers and great food!  The portions are on the small to medium size, so my only real complaint would be that they should give a little bit more food to even out with the not so cheap prices, or give the small (normal- keep it as is) size portions and lower the prices. Prices are more for a tableclothy mood light restaurant, This place is more of a sit down/take out style (although it is a restaurant not a dive) Other than that, the food was great!.  There are many vegan/veggy dishes to choose from as well as meat dishes.  My friends were very happy with what they chose, considering none of us have eaten this before. The way I would describe the cuisine would be a mix of Indian and Japanese/Chinese.The boys had the curry dishes, which reminded me of Chinese food curry or Caribbean curry. The girls had the vegan dishes, mine was amazing. I don't know what they put on my asparagus but it was seasoned to perfection. The dumpling appetizer (I forget the name of it) was pretty good as well. I was surprised when it came with a tomato sauce!   If your in Madison, check this place out.
4	yes, I crave this food when I visit my alma mater in madison, wisconsin.For a city of its size, Madison has a diverse food experience and what I contribute my love for ethnic food. I love the dal, roti, and choice of tarkari of the day. I also love their momos!  I have to admit that I have not eaten one meat dish. This place is very small and probably has only about 7 tables... The food sometimes takes awhile, but it always arrives hot and clearly homemade.
4	We were traveling across country and went to this place based on yelp reviews. The food was fantastic and tasted sooooo fresh. It was so nice to have a home cooked meal. I was also very excited to try Nepalese food. I grew up in an area with just about any kind of food imaginable but I had never had Nepalese food and I'm hooked!
3	Food was decent and the service was fairly good as well. I got the lamb dinner and it was quite delicious. But my girlfriend's soup based meal was really subpar for $11. The house special dessert was pretty good. Overall, decent food but a little overpriced.
3	It was good, but nothing to write home about.  Had the sampler, tea, and buff.
5	Himal chuli is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Madison. I have been frequenting this fine restaurant for the past 9 years and have never been disappointed. In fact I often crave their momochas - steamed vegetable dumplings flavored with peanut sauce and served in a tomato-coriander sauce (my favorite!). The menu has many options for vegetarians and meat eaters. While I am a meat lover to the bone, I prefer their vegetarian entrees. I am also a huge fan of their whole wheat roti. The family who runs the restaurant is very friendly and provides excellent service. Whether you are a long time resident of Madison or just passing through, I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for a fresh meal with distinctive ethnic flavor and a warm atmosphere..
3	Good.  Food a bit less spicy than Indian.  Definitely homemade with a lot of care.  I had their popular chicken dish, which was tasty, and the rice pudding desert, which was awesome.  Portions were well sized.  I felt healthier after eating here.  Service was good, but not great.  Our server appeared to be very busy, but the place was less than half full.  Food came out within a reasonable time, and was piping hot.  The kitchen is in the back of the restaurant, so the food only had to travel about ten feet to the table.  The only complaint I have is the price - I'm sorry, but this place is simply overpriced.  There were only four staff members there, all of them appeared to be family.  Food costs can't be that much.  I have issues with paying 15 bucks for a chicken leg, half a chicken breast, some rice, and a scoop of basic veggies.  It was all good, but 8 bucks would have been MUCH more appropriate.  As it was, my reasonably sized meal - the aforementioned chicken, rice and veggies; a side of bread; and the rice pudding totaled 21 dollars.  In short - I would eat here again, but only if they dropped the prices to something reasonable.
5	Small, laid back, delicious hole in the wall-esque place on State Street. Nepalese has a lot of the flavors I love about Indian, but isn't as heavy so I will always be up for it. They have an extensive vegetarian menu which I'm frequently too stuck in my carnivorous ways to delve into, unfortunately.Some great options:1) Get the momochas to share as an appetizer. They're tasty, light dumplings in a tasty tomato sauce. I haven't actually tried the meat-itarian momos just yet.2) For entree...well, they're all quite tasty, but I'm partial to the beef buff.3) If the dish doesn't come with roti (flat bread), make sure to order some.
4	Who knew the Nepalese ate so well? After going here, you'll agree.Their menu has a good balance of vegetarian and meat dishes - which makes me happy. Not overly spicy also. All of the food I've had here has been very good. Good addition to the state street variety.Favorite touch - the mint and lemon in the water. Yum- like a reverse slap in the face.
5	Hands down my favorite place to eat in all of Madison.  I wish they sold that Dal in large quantities.  Go next door to Chautara if you want something fancier, more expensive, and serving alcohol. I believe they are owned by the same family.  Himal Chuli is better, though.  My favorite dish is the cauli "tarkari", a veggie stewish kinda thing that changes everyday....I think they offer like 2 different versions of it at a time...
5	Too many people just walk by Himal Chuli. They don't know what they're missing. If you aren't familiar with Himalayan/Nepalese food, don't worry, just order something, it'll be delicious. The Himal Combination platter is a safe bet and a nice sampling of their dishes. The roti, takari, and dal is an amazing and healthy option too.The waitstaff is friendly and so polite. Every time they leave me with a smile on my face. Never fake, never obtrusive, always helpful.Great for vegetarians and omnivores alike.They don't take plastic, but there's a free ATM across the street. If you forget and have to walk across the street to get cash first they don't mind, they're laid back like that.
3	Good, but expensive food. Poor service, not particularly nice server. Portions are moderate, Nepali cuisine is much like Thai without the extreme spices or the sweetness. Very very good vegetarian selection.
4	The food at Himal Chuli is certainly 5 stars' worth of delicious, but I've had some seriously slowwww service and the prices for some of the dishes are a bit outrageous for how much food they give you.  Thus, the 4-star rating.Everything I've ever eaten there has been spectacularly tasty.  The momochas and samosas are divine, and the daily specials (Tarkari) are always a treat -- spiced veggies that you can choose to pair with roti (bread), rice and/or dal.  Definitely spend the extra buck to get the dal -- it is extremely delicious and you'll wish they gave you more than that teeny little cup!  My very favorite dish is the Tofu Buff, which is seasoned tofu and veggies over rice (you can choose white or brown for any dish).  Be warned -- some of the dishes are pretty spicy, and they don't ask you to choose your spice comfort level.  But I always walk out of there feeling not just sated, but *healthy* -- like I've done something really good for my body.  I practically bounce away down State Street when I leave the place.But that brings me to my first issue with Himal Chuli -- the portion sizes vs. the price.  Over the years, I have watched the price of my beloved Tofu Buff skyrocket to $15 -- and it's really not that much food.  I'm aware that restaurants often overserve, often to the point of ridiculousness (I'm looking at you, Cheesecake Factory).  But the dishes at Himal Chuli are really quite small -- easily finished in a sitting if you're hungry -- and as a poor grad student, I really can't swing $15 for something I can't make a meal of later.  (To be fair, the equally-small daily specials are $8 or $9, depending on whether you add the dal.)My second issue is with the service.  It certainly isn't unpleasant at all, but it has been extremely slow in the past, even when the place was basically empty.  I also wish they took credit cards.For a lesser restaurant, these issues would mean a 2- or 3-star review, but Himal Chuli has such great food and is such a cool place that I have to go with 4.
3	We ordered the chili chicken and the green jackfruit kebab dish: Katahar Kebab. Both were tasty, but the portions were small and we left hungry. For over $30, I think the portions should be bigger. The dal was delicious. We were  impressed with the spiciness of the food.
4	This place was very good, everything tasted super fresh. I really enjoyed the sagg and Roti.
5	The Tuck-pa is amazingly good.
5	I went here a few weeks ago and I've been thinking about it ever since. I'm moving out of state soon, but before I leave I plan to make a special trip out to Madison just to eat at Himal Chuli.Everything was FRESH FRESH FRESH and absolutely delicious. The food had unique flavors with just the right amount of spice and they had lots of vegetarian options. *DROOL*     ...Really, I can't wait to go back...
3	holy mother of god.the tofu polungo is so deliciously well done. the tofu has unbelievable texture and is well-seasoned . the vegetables are properly cooked and the sauce is tasty.
4	I had a pretty pleasant meal here. Really can't beat that State Street location in the summer for outdoor dining. The food was pretty good. It didn't blow me away, but it was definitely above average. The quantity of food was disappointing though. For the money, I feel that the servings should be a little bit larger. However, I was impressed with the service, which was fairly quick and overall this was a good eating experience.
3	From personal experience (2 weeks in Nepal in 2008), even above-average meals in Nepal are nowhere near as good as what you get at Himal Chuli. That being said, the prices at this Madison gem are shockingly high. It is not so much that I expect "ethnic" food to be cheap (I do not), but that the location, ambience, and portion sizes do not match the price tag.If you can ignore the prices, the food is a real treat. The momos are delicious (sadly, there is no pan fried variety on the menu), the dal divine, and the roti flavorful. Fortunately, my wife ordered the combination platter which allowed me to sample the mimochas (very good). I opted for the stewed jackfruit accompanied by 4 slices of whole wheat roti. I had not had cooked jackfruit before but dare say that I am a fan. It tastes almost like an artichoke heart but denser and larger. Himal Chuli is well worth your while if you are not overly price sensitive and hankering after some good Nepalese food.
5	OMG! This is the best food ever! We eat every meal at Himal Chuli when we visit Madison.  We share the Momocha and the Samosa's every time and I usually order the special. They have a gift for making healthy food taste amazing! The food is exceptionally tasty and consistent every time. The family who owns the restaurant is super nice and courteous. You can tell that the food is made with great energy.
1	I think people give this place 4 or 5 stars because they WANT to like it, and want to feel worldly and cosmopolitan. My primary complaint with this place is that it is far too expensive for what it is. I ordered one of the chicken entrees, at $14.95, and it tasted fine- nothing special though, and I was still hungry after devouring it. So hungry that I went and had two slices at Ian's.  It was just one chicken breast with some sauce and a small patch of rice. It also came with a small bowl of soup, which was flavorless. This is not a fancy place- it's basically a cafeteria, which is fine by me, but why the fine dining prices and small portions? I'm amazed that people in Madison are willing to pay these prices for such small portions. I should say, also, that I very rarely leave a restaurant still hungry, so it's not like I have a super sized appetite.
3	I wanted to try Nepalese food for the first time.  This place was OK...but the flavors def. did not wow me. I'm not sure if it's just the place, or if Nepalese food just isn't my deal.  Either way, this was decent food but I doubt if I'd ever return to this spot, sorry.  Portions are small, service was slow...oh and cash only.
2	Looking at the prices I excepted authentic taste, originality and fine dining experience. It was Tuesday night only few tables occupied. Only one sever who did everything so the service wasn't up to the menu prices. Six pieces chicken momo was around $10. A lamb curry which only had a few small cubes was $16.95. It came with a very little white rice. The taste of lamb was little better than chicken momo but it does not worth paying that much money. The surprising thing was they only take cash!!! I wouldn't go there again.
3	I convinced a friend to tag along with me and eat at this place after reading inspiring reviews on Yelp! The restaurant is situated right on State Street near the junction and wasn't difficult to find. It's quite tiny and overcrowded inside with small tables jammed into over corner and along the walls (we didn't sit out because it was a hot day), and definitely doesn't win marks for decor. The food was simple and mild flavored, though it did taste very home-made. We ordered rotis and a chicken entree (I forget the name now), which I thought was quite over-priced at $17 plus. I loved the dal and the cauliflower side dish special for that day, so much that I ordered the entree portion of the cauliflower dish later on (again, overpriced for a veg dish IMO). Being Indian, we identified quite easily with the menu choices and ingredients, which was a plus while eating out with my food-fussy at times-vegan friend. Do order the mango lassi - the drink totally made our meal complete and we didn't feel the need for ordering desserts. All in all, we were not singing praises of the place as we were leaving. Our meal (with no starters nor desserts) came up to about $35 with tips. If you're not into heavy, greasy, spicy Indo-Asian food, then this is the place to go to! For some reason, it did remind me of a home-cooked meal (no dish is mild flavored where I come from in India), albeit a bit overpriced.
4	Himal Chuli is a vegetarian paradiseAbout two pages of the menu are vegetarian items, while just over half of a page is for meat eaters.  That being said, when my date tried to order one of the meat items, they said they were all out.  If you feel that you must have real meat in your meal, Himal Chuli is not for you.The restaurant itself is small, and the look is nothing too impressive.The food was wonderful, although overpriced.The roti is the best bread I've ever had at a restaurant, so be sure to get some.  You won't regret it.All of the food was full of flavor and all different spices.  Serving sizes were fairly large, alsoNote: Himal Chuli is CASH ONLY so that they can "keep their prices low" (which isn't working)
5	Himal Chuli is my all time favorite restaurant in Madison. In fact, it is my favorite restaurant of all the places i've been to. The spice combinations are like nothing i've had before, and the service is excellent.
5	amazing decortry the entire menudon't forget yak meat
3	Maybe it's because I'm spoiled, but I think this place has an identity crisis.  Nepalese food is interesting, yes, but it's still more of a grab-and-go counter-service kind of meal.  If you're trying to make this more of a sit-down dinner, please have my server get my order right and not take 30 minutes to bring me a check.  Oh, and $40 for two people for lunch??  If you're doing that kind of pricing, then DON'T MAKE IT CASH-ONLY.  And please put a sign up on the door so people know to run to the ATM before they come in.  (I saw two parties leave and come back because they didn't have enough cash.) All that being said, it gets 3 stars because the food was actually pretty good.  I got the Palungo Chicken, which had a lovely tomato sauce and plenty of rice.  I substituted the dal/salad for roti.  My only gripe is that there wasn't enough food... I was pretty much mopping up the sauce with the roti; I was still a little hungry afterwards.
4	Wonderful food.Great, albiet, slow service.Open kitchen with old grandmother handmaking everything.I have been going to Himal Chuli for years, and I just can't stop loving this place. The ambiance is dingy and the entrees are overpriced, but I keep on returning because it's THAT GOOD. Side Note: Don't bother with meat entrees. The real gems are in the majority vegetarian selections.
5	People who don't give this gem of a restaurant 5 stars must be out of their minds. Service: amazing. We ordered, got our food quickly and our check came  at just the right time. Also, as a customer service connoisseur I can tell you that the waitress (there is only one) has talent. We've been in town for 3 days and eaten there 3 times. The waitress remembers my dietary restrictions and makes suggestions to accommodate (she remembered which beer my boyfriend ordered too!). The food: fresh, wholesome, the flavors are zesty and concise. Everything is made in an open kitchen with obvious care. These people pride themselves on you enjoying the food they create.Atmosphere: its a small place, maybe 12 tables. Simply decorated, good lighting from the front windows, clean. Other notes: I've seen some Yelp reviews where people complained about prices, but I would argue that for 10-15 dollars plate, you could do much worse. You get what you pay for here: real food prepared with care. I've also seen complaints about portion size. Ach- people expect gross portions in the Midwest, get over it people! This is an adequate portion.Also, if you are vegan or gluten free or both, you have just found the promise land. Enjoy!
2	Expensive, slow, and the food wasn't even that great.  I'm the type of person that likes everything, but if I'm going to dish out a bunch of money, I want something to rave about, not rant about.  I'm not sure what was up with the waitress either, she was pretty cold.  She walked past my empty water glass twice, staring at my table.  So, when she walked by with the pitcher, I thought I was going to get a refill.  Nope.  She went to another table and didn't bother to stop at mine.  Just kept walking past.
4	The food is terrific!I was visiting Madison for a conference, and a group of us stumbled in here for dinner. The service was nice, not too slow, and the server didn't mind giving us suggestions for dinner. We did what they said and had a terrific and filling meal!The food is something like Indian, but not quite. And it's not the same as Tibetan, but close. If you like Indian and Tibetan food, though, you'll like this.Only 4 stars because of there atmosphere: there is none. Price is pretty good, though. We all eat very well for $25 each, including a nice tip.
5	Best restaurant in Madison!
3	The food here is really delicious but way overpriced. I could stand the high prices if the portions were big, but they're not - in fact, they're tiny. And I'm not one of those people who demand outsized American-style portions large enough to feed three people either. But $13.95 for what appears to be a half-order size of a dish made up of tofu and vegetables, really? Did you know tofu is cheap? I used to live in NYC where I would get equally good Himalayan food (see Cafe Himalaya in the East Village) that was half as cheap with portions twice as big. Did I mention this was in overpriced New York City!!! I think Himal Chuli would see much more traffic if they changed up their business model a bit--more food with cheaper prices. This is a college town, after all.
5	Pure, perfect food.  It's the kind of place that feeds your cells and warms your heart.  Everything is slow cooked and made with love.
5	good dumplings.
5	Disclaimer: I worked here '95-'98 I love Himal Chuli. Bishnu and Jamuna has been making some of the best food in the world (to me) "with love" for many years. They would always tell me that was why it was so good - because she cooked "with love" ;)I have noticed their proces have risen dramatically, but that will not keep me from eating there when I am in town.It is hard to say what the "best" menu item is, because everything is sooooo incredibly good. A few of my favorites are the daal (yellow lentil soup), daily takari (vegetarian stew) and roti (yoghurt leavened flatbread), the chicken or tofu polungo (lightly breaded chicken with a tomato based sauce containing spinach and mushrooms), the momo/momcha (dumplings), chicken sikar (fall-off-the-bone chicken and sauce), beef buff (beef with cumin/coriander, sauted with broccoli)... and really I dont think there is a single thing I dont like on the menu!Get some golub jamun and a lasi for desert ;)
5	This is my favorite Madison restaurant and I always feel I need to visit when I am in town.Today was a beautiful fall afternoon and I sat outside for a small lunch of samosas and dal.  It was a perfect little meal for such a gorgeous day.  The dal is comforting and I have always loved the unexpected pairing of samosas with yogurt and cranberry sauces, then topped with carrot shavings.
4	Madison is an amazing town for a foodie- just walking down State Street I found a huge variety of cuisines.  I had heard about this place from a friend, and Yelped it to see if there were any particular dishes to try since I've never had Nepali food.  In the end I just asked the waitress to describe the most traditional foods and took her advice.  The service was excellent.  It's a very small place, and it wasn't too busy when I got there, just before noon, but it filled up quickly.  It has a nice atmosphere.  I had the chicken sikar: stewed meat and vegetables, very good.  Tarkari as a side- a sort of vegetable stew, also good.  Roti flatbread, and daal (lentil soup?) also came with the meal.  I had chai to drink, which was very flavorful; have had it before, but this was better.  They were almost out of dessert but gave me half an order of lal mohan, a sweetened rice ball. A bit out of my way, but I'll try to go back.
5	I actually started eating here during a challenge that cute girl issued me. Upon saying that I'd try anything once, she countered with trying to be a vegetarian.  That lasted a week and I'll never do it again.But during that, I found this place.  Not an easy task is it's almost a hole in the wall and will blend into the State Street image.The majority of their menu is meatless.  And even back as my meat-craving self, I still love the food here.  I try to make a few trips here every year while the farmers' market is in full swing on the square.This is a great place for a unique ethnic dining experience.  The type of place that Madison is known for.
5	My second time at Himal Chuli was absolutely amazing.  The Tarkari was absolutely mouth watering, and the Dal was perfect. And even though I don't like eating meat, I could eat the Momos all day long.
3	glad it's there, but unimpressed...need to go back and give it a 3rd try i think.
5	This place is fantastic.  Tons of vegetarian options, but you can do meat too.  I got a tofu dish and vegetarian mo mo as an appetizer.  The dishes come with rice or dal.  I got the dal, it was amazing.  I couldn't believe how delicious everything was. The waitress was super nice, and the woman at the counter was very sweet.  Very attentive, very fast.  The food was delicious, and the price is right.  Definitely a favorite!
5	My new favorite Nepali restaurant!I've traveled to Nepal a number of times and Himal Chuli is wonderful in just about every category.  It's location on funky State Street guarantees a steady stream of adventurous, well-traveled customers, so they haven't felt the need to Americanize (or Indianize) the food.  The atmosphere is intimate and friendly, and the open air kitchen in the back is spotless and well-organized.We were a bit worried about availability of a high chair in the small indoor seating area--but not only did they bring a high chair right away, they also brought a plate of piping hot flatbread and honey for dipping for the baby!The usual waitress was off at the last minute, so we were served by a combination of the grandmother, grand-aunt, and several of the cooks.  Each of them greeted us with warmth and good humor, and plenty of silly smiles for our one-year-old daughter.We started with Dal and Momos, which were fresh, flavorful, and quick to arrive.  The entres came out shortly thereafter and were equally outstanding.  Highlights included the chicken sikar, as well as the saag, chickpea, and potato takari.We will definitely be back next time we're in Madison!
5	I love you Himal Chuli!Great for vegetarians, meat eaters and curry fanatics.I'm friends with the chefs and I appreciate being close enough to see them.At some point, I lost a balloon in the tall ceilings. You might want to watch out.
5	The best Indian restaurant that I have even been too. Try Kathal bhartha, baingan bharta, kadhi, cold chilly chicken and lamb rosh curry. As I grabbed the first bite it just flash backed to the memory I have in my mind straight away to home. Great food. try the chicken momo's. They are just icing over the cake.
4	I have a Nepalese food fixation going on! And apparently folks in Madison also do - I was delighted therefore to have to choose between 3 listed Nepalese/Tibetan restaurants all within a stone's throw from each other.Given time allowed me to try just one, I went by the book i.e the hotel restaurant guide..which we validated with trusted sources i.e our hotel shuttle driver :)...who incidentally also provided the local scoop on the Dalai Lama influence which explained how a relatively rare cuisine appeared rather mainstream in Madison.With all that careful planning leading up to the trip to Himal Chuli, I was nervous about being disappointed ( and disappointing my folks who were Nepalese neophytes). Thankfully Himal Chuli served up food that was every bit as good as I'd hoped it would be -- along with plenty of doses of learning about Nepalese cuisine!We selected a cauliflower based tarkari which was great but our favorite was an okra-potato combination - loved it so much that I've even googled the recipe and tried a repeat version at home -- something I rarely do!I was surprised that the food was a bit bland, but somehow it tasted delicious!  The sweet carrot dessert was a perfect ending to a near perfect lunch.Himal Chuli is one of those small, unassuming, simple places that serves up real good food - it brought back some good memories of college town living and has spurred a serious Nepalese food quest!
5	One of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Madison.  I love the dumplings, beef buff and whole wheat flatbread! Very reasonably priced.  A hole in the wall secret in Madison.
3	The portions were small and the prices were high.  I really didn't see a distiction between this type of food and any number of small indian places.
5	My favorite Madison restaurant... fresh local ingredients. The dal kicks butt! Don't miss the momocha... YUM!
5	Worth every damn penny.
3	The food is definitely good. Lots of options for vegetarian. The eggplant meal was great and the portions are good, although the prices seem a bit high.They are cash and check only and I didn't see a sign outside and no one said anything when we walked in. There's a fee free ATM across the street but it would have been nice to know going in.The service was only okay though. The waiter wasn't very attentive, got the order wrong, appeared to have some attitude when he collected our menus and brought us our check before we even said we were finished (one of my pet peeves in restaurants - hence 3 and not 4 stars) and therefore had to hand write in the desserts.
3	This place has a great selection of vegetarian dishes, so I decided to forego the meat and get the Seitan buff. I thought the food itself was great. Seitan is more commonly known as mock duck and has a chewy texture reminiscent of meat but  not quite the same. It went really well with the spices and vegetables it came with, and the side of roti was a perfect compliment to the meal. The portion of their food is also good in terms of health but at the same time a bit expensive for what you get. Also they screwed up my order twice, which was a bit annoying. Also, warning! This place is CASH ONLY!
4	They were out of Yak so I had the lamb stew. Very pleasant. S.U. had the cauliflower stew, also very pleasant. Another place just down State St. is run by the same family and seems a bit more carnocentric. Service was nice, cash only. I might check out the other spot before I return but in toto, dinner was quite nice and pleasant and I would recommend it.
5	Once a year I look forward to my lunch at this wonderful little place. Thank you for such delicious and nutritious food.
3	Maybe I'm too critical, but for two entrees, including tip (and waters) for $35, I feel like I should leave feeling full.It's not like it's a  fancy joint...We took my son and there was no kid's menu. And while the flavors were delicious, I didn't expect to leave feeling like we should definitely get dessert somewhere, and a big one at that.I'm vegetarian and there were lots of options. I guess I picked the wrong server recommendation with a broth base...Delicious, yes.Overpriced for the amount of food? Totally.I'd have rated much higher if my portion size was 30% or more... just sayin'.
5	Very wide menu offerings, tasty!
5	When a coworker heard I was going to Madison, he told me that I HAD to go to Himal Chuli. I made him write it down because I had no idea what he was saying. He said he ate there at least 5 times a week; he must not have known how to cook. Went there for lunch around 2:30 with my boyfriend after a failed attempt to go see a screening of My Neighbor Totoro put on by the Cinematheque, and there were tons of open tables. The space is so tiny; I can't imagine it during a lunch rush.Our Warby-Parker bespectacled waiter materialized almost instantly with waters after telling us we could sit anywhere. The water tasted kind of fruity, and I didn't figure out until later, when they were refilled, that it had been infused with lemon and cilantro. We looked over the menu and decided to share an order of chicken momocha, and the roti/tarkari combo. The momochas were reminiscent of the dumplings my mom makes, but with hot salsa to dip it in. Our entree came with a bowl of dal, which is a mixed bean soup that is so simple, but just the best. The humble bean was transformed into a transcendental soup. The saag tarkari was comparable to the Indian saag, but without the dairy component. Overall, the meal was simple yet hearty. I was reminded of how humbly the other half lives, and how hunger is the best sauce.
5	When visiting Madison Wisconsin and love vegetarian food.  This is the place to visit.  Food is really yummy.  Only cash or check.
5	Deliciously wonderful food - my absolute favorite place to go in Madison - especially when the weather is cold.  Combo platter is my favorite dish - a little bit of everything and it all has a wonderful taste - just make sure you savor it to get the full experience.  Best place ever!
5	In light of becoming vegetarian, I have decided to re-post my review/re-profess my love for Himal Chuli in a vegetarian light: Dear Himal Chuli, You still rock my socks. Your Momocha and Tarkari make me melt inside, and your Dal takes me to another world of happiness and bliss. Your Masala Tea makes me feel a happiness so complete that I could not imagine life without it. "Dhanyabad" and My Love forever,  Jake S.
3	Ordered takeout from this restaurant. The food came pretty quick. The lamb was delicious, but the portion is EXTREMELY SMALL. I ordered two entrees and two appetizer which was more than $50.
4	We tried to come here last week and they were packed! This time we were able to sit on the patio for a 9pm dinner. If you want a preview of the delicious Nepali menu, all you have to do is open the front door and take a whiff. We sat outside and every time someone opened the front door, I found myself inching closer and closer to capture the amazing aromas coming from the kitchen....cardamom, garlic, cinnamon, ginger. They had an extensive selection of veg and non-veg options. I got the momocha (vegetable momo) which were filled with some tasty spicy peanut concoction. I was so excited to see Momo on the menu as the only other time I have ever had them was in the Himalayas. There seemed to be only one server for all of the indoor and outdoor tables, but she did not seem overwhelmed. In fact, she had an aura of peacefulness about her that rubbed off on us and gave us more patience ourselves. If we actually timed it, the service would have been on the slower side, but it didn't feel that way at all.Be sure to bring cash as they don't take credit cards.
5	The momochas, tarkaris and dal are always fantastic.  Only take cash or checks, and the ATM across the street was taken down, so the nearest free ATM is a few blocks away.  Have to be prepared for that.
3	My first time trying Nepalese food, stopped in on a friend's very enthusiastic rec. Ordered the Seitan Buff with roti and dal -- all good, especially the roti. Although I don't typically order brothy soups, I'd eat the dal again (creamier when stirred). The cherry tomato hiding in the seitan dish was a little flavor bomb, wish there'd been more! Wonder if I can order extra tomatoes next time...
5	This restaurant is so delicious and healthy. Many vegetarian options. Never had a bad meal!
4	Yum! For not very much cash you get a delicious and eclectic dining experience. Fun sidewalk seating. The eggplant was delicious. The Samosa just OK. For the price the food was really enjoyable.Bring cash.  Expect not speedy service. They only serve beer.
3	The atmosphere there was very nice, the food was very flavorful, but pretty overpriced for the portion. The roti is disappointing. I was expecting something soft, fluffy and with multiple layers, instead we were given flatbreads that is the same as those Greek ones found at grocery stores. Again, decent food but not worth the price, but it's nice to try it once anyway.
3	After the Himal Chuli's sister restaurant, Chautara, closed I cried for many months.  I recently dried my tears and decided to try Himal Chuli last night.  The food itself is amazing-healthy, fresh, comforting and delicious....emphasis on delicious. However, the prices for the size of our dishes is why I probably won't go back. I had to give this place 3 stars based on the serving size (and I'm not a fan of grossly large sizes either).  Our table ordered 4 dishes 1) chicken buff (they were out of beef) and I now realize the waitress forgot to ask if we wanted soup or salad with the dish so we did not get it, 2) the largest size of Momo (6 dumplings) were great but at $8.99 it was a joke...there should have been at least 10. 3) Khichadi, which was exactly what I was hoping it would be, was just much too small and 4) the combination plate...which was good but again, too small.  $60, not including tip, and 4 hungry people....not great.  I really want to go back but don't want to starve!No cash-should have been advertised better!
5	I always enjoy a meal from the heart. This restaurant truly impressed me. Great service delicious well seasoned fresh ingredients and awesome taste. The dal is great and I can't wait to bring my friends here soon.
4	This was the first time I've eaten Nepalese food, and was a good thing to start on. The food and service was great. The only thing I've found a problem was the portions, for the price. Remember however, this is not Mc Donald's, and is a very nice restaurant. Not everything is super sized people. Over all, if your not STARVING, this is a good place to try. I recommend the momo and dal.
1	I am a Nepali and I am really disappointed with their food. Went there because of the good review but to tell the truth, never had this kind of Nepali food in my life. The only good thing was hot pickle. I don't like to give bad reviews but this is not what I was expecting from a Nepali Restaurant.
1	Came here with boyfriend, who is Nepali , the food is not authentic at all! Momo, Nepali spice chiya, which are supposed to be unique Nepali food, do NOT have real Nepal flavor at all!!! And their meat is absolutely not fresh! We ordered chili chicken and chicken sikar, and both of the chicken have that terrible smell! Tasted like not well-cooked !The price is expensive, the portion is so little. And they do not tell you until you are ready for the bill that it is CASH only! Totally a waste of money!
5	INCREDIBLE!!! Wow- after spending time IN NEPAL - cities, to villages, mountain tops to valleys, I did NOT expect amazing, authentic food- but I got that and BETTER. This place is the BEST Nepalese I've had anywhere in the world- who would have thought- in Madison, WI. That the Nepalese food is BETTER than the finest restaurants and base camp cooks in the kingdom can provide? Well- it's that good- seriously! Go now, eat, and smile! NAMASTE!
2	I just arrived in Madison and was pooped from a long day + travel. I was really hungry and excited for a low key, hot meal. I had a bunch of work to catch up on so searched for a vegetarian friendly place that would also deliver. I was excited to find veggie Nepalese food that was close to the hotel. Every dish, even things that seemed like sides seemed pretty expensive so I assumed the portions would be enormous. I don't want enormous portions but I also didn't want teeny portions with a high price tag. I ordered a soup and it was basically a cup of soup for over $10. I didn't order anything else sadly and am left feeling pretty hungry. Wahh. Haha. Should have read more of the reviews!!!
3	I was somewhat disappointed by this place, coming in with almost no expectation (Mother always said to try new things right?). I have simply decided Nepali food is just not for me. There were very few meat options and the portions were not great. I almost felt I could have cooked a better meat and rice dish for a much cheaper price in my own home.-2 as the entrees were good, but overpriced (and cash only!).
3	Stopped in for lunch on Saturday, and the overall experience was okay. The Chicken Sikar was delicious, but expensive. My lunch cost $14.99, and the amount of chicken on the plate was quite laughable.If the quality of the food wasn't at such a high level, I would not recommend eating there. Service was a little off, as our waitress had to be reminded several times to bring a couple things.Overall, I'd suggest you check it out if you want something new. But expect to pay a lot for small portions.
5	The staff is always friendly and helpful with choices and questions. I should branch out and try other options but I am a huge fan of Roti, Takari and Dal. The Takari changes daily, the special one other, but you can get half and half.  The have a very good menu options, Vegetarian and non Vegetarian choices as well.  I have been here a few times and definitely enjoy the experience every time.
3	I had the Palungo Chicken. It was a good meal, but nothing special! It is described as "a generous slice of white meat," but the pieces were small and the meat wasn't very high quality. The dish was way overpriced for its size-  I do like smaller servings at restaurants (it did fill me up perfectly!) but I don't feel like I got great quality or size for paying $15.99. The soup they served before the meal was good, but again, not great!
4	THE DAL THOUGH. SERIOUSLY.DAL.Their take on the mixed bean soup is filling and just the right amount of spice and warms your belly. Perfect heat in winter, satisfying year-round.PSSST it's a great cheap State St. eat. A bowl is only $4!
5	My first time trying Nepalese cuisine and I am not a vegetarian but really enjoyed a sans meat night.  Loved the Mango Lassi, roti and Samosas!
5	This has always been one of my favorite Madison restaurants. Himalayan cuisine shares some elements with Indian, but is definitely it's own style with more subtle seasoning. Vegetarian choices abound, but there are plenty of dishes with meat for the omnivores. I particularly like the lamb. Dal is a must-have with any meal!
5	The dal. The dal. The dal. I lived in Kathmandu, Nepal for months. I have yet to find good dal in the states. Today I found it. Not only did I find amazing dal but the people here are so friendly. Great atmosphere. Great customer service. Fantastic food that brings me back to Nepal. Get your eat on!
4	After spending some time in Nepal recently, I was hankering for some good ole Dal Bhat upon my return to Madison. I decided to check out Himal Chuli, and I left with my Nepali craving mostly satisfied. I was kind of disappointed they didn't have a Nepali Thali set since I basically lived off of that in Nepal, but I eventually settled on the chef's choice tarkari (curried vegetables) and dal (lentils). Both were tasty, but they just weren't the same as in Nepal. The roti was much thicker  than I found in Nepal and the spice combo didn't seem quite as magical as I remembered. This could have been in part due to the absence of a majestic, mountainous background, or due to the fact that the price was 5 times the 300 nepali rupees I would have paid for the same meal in Nepal. Either way I'm probably being a bit unfair so overall I would say my experience, though not entirely authentic, warrants 4-stars.
4	Oh yes! Clean, honnest, yummy home-cooked food! Lots of vegetarian options.We really enjoyed it. Thank you so much.
4	This place was tasty and rich, and it seems like a good place to visit especially when it gets cold outside.I had the vegetarian combination platter, and it came with samosas, momochas, roti, and dal. Overall, it was pretty good. The samosas and roti were particularly good, and the momochas could have been a bit more flavorful. I will probably try the momos if I go back. The main reason this place lost a star was the portions for the price. The meal sizes were perfect for me, but I generally eat very small meals. The average person may be left wanting more than just one entree. Perhaps adding a side would make it a larger, better suited meal. Also, if you don't feel like going vegetarian, be prepared to pay over 15 per entree. Overall, I would come back. This was my first time trying Nepali food and it was really good. I want a stack of that roti for my breakfast every day.
4	Very solid food (no, not literally!). They have plenty of great vegetarian options. Most of the dishes come in a stew form. Service is also quite good.My one complaint is the serving sizes. They'e okay, but not nearly as large as other similar restaurants in the area.All in all, pretty good.
3	Here is the breakdown. The food was absolutely DELICIOUS. I craved it again the minute I got home from dinner. The reasons I am not giving it was because out waitress was appalling. The place is a hole in the wall. There were probably 6 tables inside and maybe 6 very small tables outside. Our waitress was swamped with a full house when we arrived so we didn't mind that it took her a long time to give us menus and water. After people started clearing out and we were one of one two tables dining inside we would have to all three stare her down to try and ask for more water. Which she wouldn't even look at us and just blast by. We would have to shout to get her attention. The first time she returned with the whole pitcher and just said "Here. I will give you the whole thing." Which filled the 3 small cups once. So we had to again shout at her after she would walk past us twice without acknowledging us. Lastly, the bill comes and we ask her to split it since we all only have cards. She then informs us that it is cash-only. We were trying to figure out what to do, she points us in the direction of an ATM and storms off rolling her eyes.There is no sign anywhere that says they do no accept cards. My friends' sister had to run home and grab a check. With all that being said, I would still probably return even though there food is kind of pricey.
5	Adore!The prices are enough to make me head over heals for the place. Add to this unique flavors not found anywhere else on State, I'm a fan. Typical these days is the dal/roti/takari... the sweet potato being my fave. And while service can be slow and it's cash only, knowing that going in makes it a wee more tolerable.
5	One of my favorite restaurant's in Madison, nay, the world.It feels so healthy.  Many vegetarian/vegan options.  You can specify whole wheat roti and brown rice.My go to order is the combination plate.  comes with:-A cup of DAL: rich and flavorful.  I always think it needs more salt.-a SAMOSA: filled with spices and potatoes.  A bit dry but covered in yogurt sauce so you can dip.  Not greasy because they're baked not fried!-two mamochitas--dumplings filled with peanut paste and covered in a fresh tomato sauce.  Really tender and chewy-whole wheat rote: it seems crazy but this is the best part.  It's hot and salty and tastes like a healthy Aunt Annie's pretzel.  Wheat is better tasting than white!This visit we also got 6 momo's --beef/lamb filled dumplings in a fresh tomato sauce DELICIOUSand Lamb Sikar: tender chunks of lamb, steamed spinach, brown rice, a cup of dal.  I'd definitely get it again.It's family owned and definitely got hole-in-the-wall chic but that means that it's cash only = a pain if you don't come prepared.  It's also not super cheap.  It's such quality food so it's worth it.
5	This might be my all time favorite restaurant in Madison. They have so many great vegetarian options, but I almost always go with the daily special tarkari with roti and dal. The dal is always delicious, and the roti is incredibly soft and fresh, but what always amazes me is the tarkari. I've had a different kind almost every time that I've been here, and they are consistently outstanding.I have brought both my boyfriend and my dad here, both of whom are total "meat and potatoes" guys, and they both loved it and my dad has been happy to return every time he comes to visit me in Madison.The only negative thing I have to say about Himal Chuli is that the portion sizes are a little small. It's enough to leave me comfortably full at the end of the meal, but with the prices as high as they are, I always wish I had some leftovers to take home with me.
5	The lamb dish was the most tender lamb ever. It was delicious too. The mango lassi was not overly sweet like at a lot if places. I wish we had Himal Chuli where I live.
5	The food here is excellent.  Way better than I expected, and I have travelled to Nepal.  It is really fresh and the spices are great!  I am a vegetarian and this was the best meal I had in Madison while here on business.  I tried other trendy Gastropubs that came highly recommended, but this place beat them hands down.  Only bad thing is that it's cash only.
3	If you haven't ever tried Nepali, this can be the place to start. You can never come across Nepali cuisines often around. Not much different from Indian, but the spices used are variant and unique.The service is good but the place is small. Accepts only cash
3	Fairly expensive. The food was OK, but could be a lot better. The samosas are baked and covered with yogurt. Not what you'd expect and pricey at $7.99.
4	This was a pretty legit spot to grab authentic Nepalese food.  I was on a long road trip from DC to Minneapolis and made sure to make a pit stop in Madison.  This is a cash-only spot but I think the food is legit and the prices are reasonable for what you get.
3	I love the atmosphere of this place. Total college hole in the wall, relatively authentic Nepalese food with great service. I had the wheat gluten dish, which was ok but too salty for my taste and overpriced. I think their tarkari is worth it and I wish I had gotten that instead.
4	Thank you.  Thank you thank you thank you.  I'll let the other reviews talk about the cuisine.  I'm not well-enough versed in Nepalese to really get into it.  I will say this:  the textures, the flavors, the quality of ingredients.  Wonderful.  Simply wonderful.Please do not think my review (and the rare 4 stars) is because I live in a gastronomic desert.  I do, I admit it.  But the food here is absolutely wonderful.  Not only that, but the size of the place, the hole-in-the-wall ambiance, and the cash-only policy allowed me to pretend, for half an hour, I was in New York City.Your mom says you should eat at Himal Chuli, and so do I.
5	This was a college favorite restaurant for me. I'd never heard of Nepalese/Himalayan food when I discovered it, but I quickly became a fan.I visited it again after 16 years and it was still excellent.The food has some things in common with Indian food, but other dishes are entirely unique.The place is tiny -  a handful of tables in a little room, but clean and decorated with Buddhist art.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.The restaurant serves beer, which is an improvement over the past.I had the vegetarian Momocha (steamed dumplings) and an order of roti.Both were hot, fresh and as good as I recalled.Please note though - it's cash only, so come prepared.
