5	Wow! I thought an establishment with all 4 and 5 star ratings was unreal, but this is the TRUTH! My 1 year old  Miniature Golden Doodle, Porsche spent the day at Lori's Grooming   When I picked her up today, she was clean, healthy and happy! It was clear that Porsche  was very comfortable in this environment. Lori(especially) and her staff are extremely knowledgeable, friendly, welcoming and very attentive to the dogs, cats and all animals.   There is a lot of love in this place. I am extremely selective about with whom and where I bring Porsche, but I am so happy that I found Lori's Grooming.  I feel comfortable leaving her there. I cannot say enough. This is a small business, that deserves a lot of attention.
5	Lori and her husband were absolutely fantastic! I took my puppy in for his first trim and wow did he come out looking great! Definitely coming back to Lori for Moo Moo's trimmings :)
5	I took my two dogs to get groomed at Loris grooming. They looked beautiful when I picked them up. She did a great job. Lori and her husband are so kind. They definitely are my new groomers!Ellie
5	We have been taking our beloved miniature schnauzer to Lori's Grooming since we adopted him more than seven years ago.  Lori spends the time and attentionn necessary to make our dog look his very best.  To paraphrase the Men's Wearhouse ads,"you'll like the way your dog looks."
5	Our golden retriever maggie came back happy, clean, smelling great and on time. Highly recommend lori.
5	I take my two dogs, Penny and Jackson, to Lori for grooming, and couldn't be more pleased.  Jackson is a chihuahua, so doesn't need his fur trimmed, but Lori does everything else.  Our Penny is a terrier mix, so her fur can get pretty wild.  She comes out of Lori's smooth as silk, just beautiful.  They both get the full service grooming, with extractions, nail trimming, etc.  The pricing is reasonable.  We found Lori's Dog Grooming through a Groupon late in 2013 and have been coming back since.
5	I cannot say enough great things about Lori and Greg!! They are super sweet and did an excellent job on my 6 yr old longhaired dachshund!! I'm always nervous taking her somewhere new but they made me feel right at home. They got her in within a couple days and when I picked her up, she was clearly excited! I love the in-home environment.  Lori and Greg clearly love animals and share a wonderful passion.  I will definitely be back with my four-legged babies. :)
5	We've been using Lori for years.  They are the best.
5	We just moved to the area from Anthem. Max, our Yorkie, had been going to the same groomer for his entire life so it was scary to change but impractical to drive to Anthem. Tried to avoid it but Max became in dire need of grooming. Thanks to Yelp we found Lori. Went for his first groom and Max looks adorable. Everyone was very kind and we felt comfortable leaving our little buddy with her. It was easy to get an appointment and the groom took 2 hours. She did exactly what we asked; a puppy cut, close around the eyes etc. Max looks perfect, smells much better (for now) and he did not seem stressed when dropped off and picked up.
5	Lori is amazing!  She has been grooming our 2 dogs for a few years now and I am still astonished by how quick, thorough, and gentle she is.  We have a rescue dog that is so skittish and scared of people, yet he is always handled so gently and care-fully by Lori that he looks amazing and is calm and happy when I pick him up!  The new location is convenient, immaculate, and infused with a warm family environment and friendly, helpful staff.  Lori is a true professional with a huge heart for animals-- we are lucky to have found her!!
5	Took our Cavalier their for the first time this morning. Great service, asked me questions and returned him looking awesome. The lady on the phone when I made the appointment was great as well. We found a new home for dog grooming and will return all the time. Thanks to Lori and team.
5	Lori did a WONDERFUL job with our Goldendoodle and shih-tzu!  We are new to the area and found Lori through the great reviews on Yelp.  She is not only as good as the reviews, she is better.  Both dogs came home looking great and very happy.  Our Golden has very sensitive skin and I always ask groomers not to shave his legs and belly.  Many do it anyway, but Lori did exactly what I asked.  We couldn't be happier!!!
5	Lori is one of the nicest groomers I've ever been to. She truly loves animals and you can tell. And she's pretty inexpensive so that's a plus. Will only go here from now on.
5	Very sweet people! We felt perfectly comfortable leaving our dog here for her grooming. She looks and smells great! We love their cage-free environment and really appreciated the little goodie bag they sent home with us. We will definitely be returning here!
5	I took my Shih Tzu (Maggie May) today for the first time and was very pleased.  I had read Lori's yelp reviews prior to going and was very impressed.  Very clean, friendly staff and Maggie May was happy to stay.  When I went to pick her up she looked like a doll. Reasonable prices as well.  I give them 5 stars and will def continue service with them.
5	First time visit, just moved to the area. The owners are friendly and greeted Shandie when she came in making her feel welcome. They did a great job washing, grooming and giving her a peticure. 4 hrs later she was picked up and had some treats for the trip home. Very reasonable priced
5	Wow! I am so happy that I found this place. I brought my golden doodle  puppy (5 months old) and my moms golden doodle (2yrs) here for the first time a few days ago. This was my puppy's first real hair cut and I was very nervous to bring her somewhere I had never heard of before. When I brought her in the staff were very friendly and seemed like they had a true passion and love for dogs, which made me feel a lot more comfortable. When I picked up both dogs they looked very good and smelled great! They are also very reasonably priced. I will definitely come back and would recommend anyone looking for a great groomer to go here!
5	I brought my chihuahua puppy here today for a wash and day care. I was nervous about leaving my little buddy all day but I thought I'd give it a try so he can learn some social skills.  Lori and her husband were so nice!  I called around noon to make sure he was doing ok and they told me that I could watch him on their live webcam. I got to watch him run around and make new friends while I was at work. When I picked him up this evening he was happy and smelled fresh and clean. They even sent him home with a cute little box of treats and a coupon for $5 off my next visit. My little bro had a blast and their prices are so good,  I will definitely be bringing him back for another play day.
1	I have used Lori's Grooming for well over a year. I used to bring my dogs to their house to get groomed until they found out that they coudn't groom out of their home anymore. Two months ago we took them to their new Scottsdale location. They had just opened and were quite disorganized as they put it. When I went to pick up my 3 dogs I noticed my cockapoo had a different collar on without her license and name tag and a different leash. I told them that. Lori said at that time she couldn't call of the the people to figure it out because there were too many people in with their dogs that day. They said that we should replace all of the items they lost and they would take it off our next grooming. I replaced all of the items. The cost came to $47.00. Whicjh is actually cheaper than the items they lost. They lost a jeweled pink collar. We booked another appointment for December17th. The owner called me today and told me that I needed reciepts for all of the items I bought. I didnt keep the receipts. He never said I needed to. Obviously, they would have noticed that my dog had a new collar, leash, license and name tag when I brought her in to get groomed. Gregg told me that a replaced license is $4.00. I was incorrectly charged $17.00 by the county. I did save that receipt because it goes in my dog file. Greg also told me that he needs the receipts for his accountant and that he called his accountant regarding this matter. I know that is not true! Greg and Lori, I have referred customers to you that will no longer come to your facility. Is it really worth losing three customers over an incident that occured because of your negligence? Do you really not trust a customer who has been loyal to you? You knew at the time you lost the coillar etc. There are many dog groomers who would be happy to groom three dogs. I always given you both a 20 percent tip even though you were the owners. Hopefully, both owners will learn from this mistake. If not, they will continue to lose clients. I obviously was insulted and would never come back or refer them again! I also went to a veternarians office and told them of my experience and pulled the cards I left them to give to their clients. Their office was shocked. You simply do not treat customers that way. I guess people's true colors show.
5	The most genuine, kind and nurturing people I've ever met. Lori and Greg truly love the animals and what they do, you won't find more competent and trusting people to leave your pet with. Wish I would have found them sooner, but better late than never.Clean facility, amazing people and happy dogs. HIGHLY recommend Lori's Grooming!!!
5	Could not be better!! I made the mistake of going somewhere else and boy do I regret it.  Next time Oscar will be coming back!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Lori and Gary are the best. They are always so loving and welcoming to my pups, Jackson and Leo. Lori does the most incredible job on both of them. I don't know how she gets my little guys to sit still, but when I come to pick them up they smell amazing and look adorable! 10 out of 10 for Lori's Gromming!
