4	Sometimes I can be a craft whore.. seeking out fabrics for cushions, curtains and what have you. So when my lil' craft whore rears her pretty little whore head she heads off to Jo-Ann.. she knows she will get the best prices and discounts on all her craft and fabric needs. They also have a fantastic selection of canvases and painting supplies.. must keep the crafty whore happy and delighted!
4	WOW! This Jo-Anns rocks!!! I couldn't believe the great stuff you could get! I don't know if I was there during an extreme sale, but everything was 25-60% off! I mean scrapbook stuff, baskets, canvases, and a whole lot more! The girls working there were very sweet too!If you like crafts even a little bit, this place will totally suck you in!
1	Seriously, what a disaster!  I can't believe this place is even in business with the newer, nicer Jo-Ann's so close.  Still, what a nightmare going in here over the weekend.  We waited 30 minutes in line to get a roll of fabric measured and priced.  We were buying the whole roll but they still had to measure it.  Then we waited 30 more minutes in the check-out line.  The excuse? " A bunch of people called out for the [Rock n Roll Marathon] race."  Well, that's why you call other people to come in and work or, why you fire people.  Take your pick.  I'm never going back here.  I hate being this close to the rez to begin with but after this joke, I'm staying away for good.
2	There are not many fabric stores in the area anymore so it is nice that this one is so close. I have been to this location a couple of times recently to buy fabric for chairs that I have been redoing. They had a great selection of what I needed. I would only go to this store when they are having a big sale or you have a coupon, otherwise it is a bit pricey. My last visit here did not go very well. There was a discrepancy in the pricing (it was discounted) and the cashier argued with me about it. I'm not the type that goes into a situation knowing I'm absolutely right so I was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt! Alas, a calculator proved I was correct and even after that was figured out, she still did not honor the price that was supposed to be given. I probably won't be going back here because of that...I left the store happy to have my fabric but very frustrated that I had overpaid and not received great customer service.
3	I am right smack-dab in the middle of this location and the one at Desert Ridge. My only qualm about this location is the service. I always seem to be waiting in line to either get my fabric cut or to check out...I don't get it cause the parking lot always seems empty, but somehow there are enough people in this store to create lines...wtf? But, anyway, I always seem to find what I need and the prices are as expected. When there is staff around, they are always friendly and helpful.
3	I give the store itself 5 stars. It's huge and they have just about every craft supply in every category (baking, sewing, scrapbooking, kid's crafts, floral, holiday crafts, painting, framing, etc). Things always seem to be on sale and they send lots of coupons in the mail. Yes it's mostly older ladies working there so lines are longer but most of the staff is very helpful if they aren't busy doing something else.I give the class offerings 1-2 stars. Not only are they all in the middle of the workday, I don't think they are too great. I took a sewing class (102) at this Joann's and liked it okay. I thought it was a weird combination of being geared at a beginner but not teaching any basics. Everything that was 'taught' in the class I had already learned from my sewing machine manual, You Tube videos, or just using common sense. The class was full of people who really didn't know how to sew, even though they had taken the 101 class from Joanns, and the instructor didn't seem to pleased about helping them learn. I wouldn't recommend taking a sewing class from here.
2	ABOUT TO CLOSE.This store is in the midst of a going-out-of-business sale. As of today, more than half the store is cleared of merchandise, and what's left is marked down 33% to 50%, depending on the department. Clerks were discussing 75% markdowns starting "next week" but were not sure when "next week" started.This was always kind of a meh store compared to Desert Ridge, and I suspect the shiny new Hobby Lobby in the same plaza killed it. Too bad -- I liked having Hobby Lobby, Michaels, and Joann all in one spot.
