1	I basically don't like when shops assume I don't know anything about cars because I take my car to a shop to get an oil change rather than doing it myself.  I was a loyal Hontech customer until recently I was told I needed a whole new oil pan for my Honda because they could not work with the aftermarket oil plug that was on the car.  It had a oil plug used by places like JiffyLube. It has an opening in the center of the oil plug for them to attach a vacuum to suck out the oil.  Well the plastic plug in the center had broken off and because of that Hontech could not change the oil and recommended to install a whole new oilpan...I opted out and the next day went to Autozone, bought a new oil plug for $2.50, and changed the oil myself.  Saved myself a few hundred dollars.  I'm no longer taking my vehicles to Hontech and looking for a new mechanic....
1	So normally I don't write reviews if they are unfavorable but I feel the need on this one.My honda civic went into "limp" mode and when I tried to read the computer with my scanner it would not connect with the computer.I researched, asked a lot of questions of a lot of people, and used every resourse I could find, with no help. I figured my computer was dead.I have heard some bad things about HonTech but I have always been the type of person to give a fair shake.I called them up and they told me it would be $94 to diagnose the problem and we could go from there.I took the car down there and dropped it off. After several hours the next day (I had dropped it the night before) they called and told me my computer was dead and that they could not connect to the computer. This was the same thing I found on my scan.So I know for a fact that based on the fact the computer could not be read by their scanner, that what they did was hook it up, saw they could not connect, and disconnect. This entire process would have taken about 2 minutes and 11 seconds.So they, in fact, did NOT diagnose anything and spent almost no time, yet they still charged me the $94 and told me my scanner probably shorted out the computer. My scanner is a very expensive one and is not very old, AND I scan cars all the time and never had this issue with any other car.I feel like they ripped me off by charging me even though I KNOW they really did nothing.I would stay away from this business as they are thieves and have NO ethics in dealing with customers.
