4	I've been to the one on  W. Charleston, near the Home Depot, but this was our first time to this one (my husband's very 1st time to any U Swirl). We were on this side of town. We also wanted to use one of our coupons from the Entertainment Book (several coupons). It's composed of two spaces so there is ample space inside. It's set up like the one on W. Charleston (longer), but just a smidge shorter. Bright green paint inside with some splashes of white, extra large prints of toppings on the walls, tables & chairs, and a long lounger seating area facing the tables & chairs (so if you're sitting here, you might feel like people are looking at you). There are napkins and two different cup sizes. We chose the sixteen ounce cups (the smaller of the two choices). The frozen yogurt flavors follow. The toppings follow. The areas were clean and each cubby hole was filled. So many choices; this is where it gets fun and you can get a little creative. The cashier is at the end, and you place your cup on the scale to get weighed (she gives you the spoons). Present your coupon before paying. Also, a tip jar is on the counter.I got Island Banana, Reese's Peanut Butter (my favorite here- so good! I'm just getting this flavor next time), and Coconut. I usually get lots of fruit but I just got the strawberry. The others (mango, pineapple) looked a little mushy and in one solid form- don't usually see it like that. The neat thing about this frozen yogurt brand, is there are a nice variety of nuts (peanuts, walnuts, pecans), cereals (cap'n crunch, cinnamon toast crunch), waffle cone (mmm), mochi (love it- it's an asian thing), and candy (mini m & m's, snowcaps). Also, there is a good selection of the frozen yogurt flavors, and if you wanted, you could get the swirl (the one in the middle) of the two flavors together. The fat content is marked on each flavor, at the lower right. It's thirty six cents an ounce here- what a deal! For the both of us, minus the dollar off coupon, it was a little over $6.00. My husband likes this fro-yo place the best (safe to say we'll be back). BTW, when we got there, there was a just a few people there, and when we left, it was quite the popular place (it was hot yesterday).
5	I love this convenient location.. The inside is always clean, the counter tops and toppings are always neat and never messy looking. It's a really relaxed, comfortable and family friendly environment.. Most of the staff members are super friendly which makes the whole experience even more enjoyable. They have plastic tops, so I usually cover mine and take it to go. Such a good variety of fruit toppings and flavors.. I haven't tried every one, but i'm a really big fan of the Red Velvet Cake flavor; it's definitely worth a try..
3	Typical self serve frozen yogurt. Nothing to get worked up about. The yogurt is true to the flavor it claims to be. I hate the sneeze guard on the toppings bar. It's hard to reach the far back toppings. It's good stuff though.
1	We only come here because it's close to our house. But we seriously try not to. The inside is nice and spacious with lots of seating. The toppings selection is also good. They also have a stamp card where the 10th stamp gets you free yogurt. I'm a big fan of frozen yogurt and I really wanted to love this place. The yogurt is runny. By the time you get to the cash register to pay, it's already melting. This has never happened to me, EVER, at Yogurtland. Their tart tastes like orange juice gone bad. It burns in your mouth.The workers are not that nice, they don't greet you when you enter or smile.Their policy with sample cups is the worker gets the sample for you. This is a little annoying especially when you want to try more than one flavor. You don't want to hold up the line by asking to try different flavors cos the worker has to get the sample for you and ring up people too usually. I don't like comparing but at Yogurtland you can get your own samples. Someone getting my samples for me makes me feel like I'm a child. During my last visit, my friends and I witnessed a worker empty all the trash by wheeling around a large trash can. He wheeled a large trash bin to every trash can with gloved hands yes but then, touched and fixed the cups with the same gloved hands. That was really gross. And it has to be unsanitary to wheel around a large trash bin all over the eating area. Again with a comparison but at Yogurtland I saw a worker there empty the trash cans one by one by taking out the plastic filled with trash, tying it and then taking it to the back. She never wheeled around all the trash all over the eating area. The same worker at U-Swirl then proceeded to wheel the trash to the back and show up at the front counter and then sanitized his hands. He didn't wash them!!!!! Yuck! Then he fixed the spoons in the toppings. We've all decided never to come back here. The 30 min drive to Yogurtland is worth it.
3	Great prices. Lots of yogurt choices even of the sugar free variety. The fruit toppings were plentiful. And so were the dry toppings. They even have toppings like mango and caramel you can pour over the top. Lots of seating even couches. What ruins it is when effing teeny boppers come in without there parental units and are acting a damn fool
4	I ended up stopping here one day after taking my girls shopping. I had visited another yogurt location in the mall and wasn't a huge fan but thought I would give it another shot. The staff was very friendly and for it being a self serve yogurt place it was surprisingly clean. The prices are great as long as you don't overfill your bowl or put pounds of toppings on. My favorite is the NY cheesecake yogurt with some fresh strawberries, raspberries, coconut and pecans. They also give you a card for buy 10 get 1 free which isn't hard to do when you have kids. Hope you check it out soon and enjoy! :)
3	This location is super convenient for me because it is the closest place to my house to get froyo. Unfortunately it does not stack up against the better froyo places around the valley such as Yogurtland.It's not bad, it's usually clean and it has that yogurt-place smell to it. The toppings are always filled and available. Sometimes their selection of yogurts is disappointing, but I keep returning even so. But again, it's the convenience factor working there.Often the place can be over-run with ghetto teenagers squealing and wheeling about doing stupid teenager things, but if you're just running in and running right back out you won't need to deal with it. Therefore I never stay here to eat my yogurt. All in all, it's okay, but nothing special.
3	My favorite frozen yogurt place is red mango because of their tart flavor.This tart, pales in comparison.I do like That they have all of the different flavors And different toppings but the quality is definitely lacking.I do like the seating and size of the place.They have seats outside as well.The price is good since you portion it out and I'm result control the price, but overall even though this place is less than a couple miles away, when I have a sweet tooth, theres nothing that drawse here.
1	I use to go to this U-Swirl every weekend with my kids during the summer, the service was always sub-par, but the frozen yogurt was good, so I put up with it.On the last week of August I brought my kids, and I had an issue with a woman that forced herself in front of my 4yr old, then kept elbowing her in the face, when I said something to her she accused me of being racist. When I got up to pay, the cashier rang me up and took my money, then said that I had no right to treat HER customers like that, and that I was not allowed back. I have attempted twice to complain about this, but I get the response back of, "well teen employees act like this sometimes" back from the company. This is an unacceptable response, and I will not return back to any of there stores.
2	I never would have thought I could give a frozen yogurt place less than 3 stars, but color my testies blue because after visiting this U-swirl I might as well have been kicked in the gonads. This place if right across Cici's Pizza and I wanted to not feel like complete crap by going to CiCi's so I came here instead for a light snack.  Aside from the decor that would make anyone who comes into the plaza feel like they are stuck in a Barney the Dinosaur Episode (ugh, just thinking about my little cousin's Barney Doll that would randomly talk all on it's own...scary), the smell of mop and windex did not please me.There is a decent selection of flavors but I honestly wouldn't recommend any of them since it just isn't good?! I can't believe I'm saying this, but this was some bad fro-yo. Not to mention all of the yogurt that came out of the dispenser was pretty much runny and didn't have any real texture.I cannot give this place 3 starsI will now go in a corner and cry because clearly my whole world is now upside down.#emo
4	What a cool place...literally and figuratively!  The place is comfortably cool and the yogurt choices excellent!  I'll be baaaack!
1	We received a flyer in the mail for a free 16 ounce uswirl, for being new residents to the area.  We called and confirmed before coming down.  When we arrived we were treated so badly that we left the creams vowing never to return.
4	I was on this side of town I decided to stop by and grab me some FroYo! It was good yogurt! I just didn't like the area where which it was located!!!!!!
2	"Best of Las Vegas in 2010"? 2010 was 2 yrs ago so I guess they've lost their touch right about now...I got the tart yogurt and strawberry yogurt. I think the frozen yogurt's texture for both flavors was a bit too grainy and melty for my liking. The strawberry flavor was too sweet and the tart one was way too tart, almost like lemon.  The mangoes that I placed on my yogurt were chewy and crunchy...not very delightful on my palate :/...the mochi was my favorite part out of everything.
4	Great yogurt, good selection, and fair price.
5	Maybe I am just to easy to please.Me and my kiddos came here to try out some Yogurt because this is the closest location to my casa. I have to say, nor I or the kids were dissatisfied. LOL, I had the pralines yogurt with cheese cake bites, brownie bites, and any nuts that were available. It was so gooooooooood I wanted to get more but if i did I was going to feel too full. My kids had the cookies and cream and chocolate they loved it they were all excited thinking it was ice cream when really it was yogurt the atmosphere there is pretty chill and quiet.Honestly I didn't feel nor see that my yogurt was runny at all, plus the selection of toppings is great for only $0.37 an oz. that is awesome. I love nuts so if I can add what ever I want to my frozen yogurt that makes me feel powerful.
4	I visited this location for a meet up today. This was my first time at any U-swirl and I enjoyed it in good company. I got the small cup of the tart Mango Sorbet with strawberry, pinapple, and lychee pearls, plus mochi bits. I loved the mochi bits but I didn't care for the pearls. I thought the pearls were going to have a boba-like consistancy but I was so wrong. They reminded me of those large fish eggs (or roe) on sushi but with a fruity taste. After a while I just ate around them because I got sick of the "pop" sensation in my mouth. Otherwise the everything was good. I look forward to trying out another flavor soon and also to see how this measures up next to Yogurtland.
3	I love U-Swirl, but this particular location is in a not-so-good neighborhood, so that kind of brings it down a notch. Pros: It's self serve. There's lots of variety when it comes to the flavor of the yogurt as well as the toppings. The place is clean and the decor is nice. It's refreshing to step inside, but for the most part that only accounts for hot days. They have a frequent Swirler card. If you buy 9, you get the 10th free. When I bring my friends, they count them as a stamp, which I love! Cons: This place is freezing! I realize that comes with the territory, but if I come here on a cooler day, I struggle to keep still. I can't even have a seat inside. The seating outside is terrible! Again, I realize that comes with the territory because the surrounding neighborhood is not so great, but you would think they could try harder in preserving their tables. They're dirty, graffiti is etched into them, and some of the umbrellas are missing. I also don't like the customer service I receive here. The cashiers act like their customers don't matter. I often have to wait five minutes for someone to actually show up at the register because both people working are in the back and don't immediately come when I call. During this time, my yogurt continues to melt. I also think they could do a better job with keeping their toppings fresh. They aren't covered and often times are stale.
4	I love you U-Swirl haha especially because I can't eat ice cream =[ Yeah it's on Nellis in the Eastside, but it's not ghetto inside!! One of the few nice and out of the ordinary things we get to experience, thank god I'm tired of driving so far. Anyways, its delish you can have it your way just mad cool inside, bring a sweater.
4	Love the yogurt and toppings but I wish they would get rid of that smell and maybe add more flavors but other than that id say it is the best fro yo in town(:
1	I love USwirl but this location is getting worse by the day! Not only is it always messy, but the employee(s) are ALWAYS in the back. I don't understand how this business is staying open. This location closes at 11, but if you come in at 10:30 all of the fruit is already put away. And heaven forbid you ask for them to bring it back out without getting an attitude. I'm pretty sure you can't close part of the store when it's still business hours. This place is DISGUSTING. I refuse to go to this location, I'd rather drive across town!
1	I would give it 0 stars but that doesn't seen to be an option. Not only dies this location always smell of bleach, but today they had 3 flavors OUT OF ORDER!!! In all my time frequenting uswirl around the valley, this is the worst!!!!
3	Went for my fix of frozen yogurt  was a little disappointed therefore I'm give it a 3 stars due to their lack of yogurt flavors. Machines were not running correctly and most yogurt flavors were too watery. Was only left with lemon tart ( i believe) flavor and vanilla. Not soo much to choose from. Anyways love putting only fruits and nuts on my yogurt I'm not too crazy about putting all these candies they have. I had mines to go. I did refrigerate /froze it before consuming since the tried back Home made it slightly melt.
2	First I just want to address the employee there.. I don't know her name but she's an older lady w/ dark hair.. She was rude and she made me feel like not touching anything in there.. We asked for a sample of one of the yogurts and then I asked again for a diff sample.. I wanted to try another one but I'd figure I would use the little cup that I had already from the last sample just so that she wouldn't have to keep coming to give us a sample (thought we were making it easier on her), but she said "um you're not allowed to use the same one, you have to let me know" and then she quickly came over there and wiped the bottom part as if I dirtied it, when it was already dirty and so were other ones as well.. She was rude when saying it and her body language was as if we were dirtying her house and we weren't welcomed.. I couldn't get out of there fast enough.. Anyways besides that the yogurt is delish.. I love frozen yogurt and this is the only closest one to us..
5	Marie is the best. Great to see someone willing to help. My kid dropped his yogurt on the floor and I felt so embarrassed. But she was right there to help. And even smiled at my son. Good yogurt too. Thanks marie.
