4	The only place in very northern Phoenix that's open at 10pm on a Sunday night when I don't feel like cooking.Dropped in here with my boy... it was so empty... poor server looked so bored and didn't appear excited to know she had all night pretty much by herself because there aren't many bars around to fill this place at 2am.Needless to say, the service was great... a little too attentive tho.  Brought out our dessert before I was even done with my onion rings... it's like "whoa... hold on... lemme finish this first."Burger was pretty darn good though and of course, it's cheap.
3	Denny's vs The Good EggDenny's wins every time, hands down.  I've tried so many of both restaurants around the Phoenix metro that I can say this without hesitation.  We've eaten at this Denny's many times and recommend it to our friends. They are the best option for a culinary experience you'll remember however they can cook an awesome breakfast.  They still offer their $2 ~ 2 eggs, choice of meat and pancakes or toast daily for the early birds.  They will cook anything to order and they will make corrections if needed quickly. You can't go wrong with this Denny's especially when trying decide where to eat breakfast in the area.
4	This Denny's is cleaner than a lot of other ones. There is a red box in front of it! Yay :) Its great for carefree highway lol
4	Not sure what makes this Denny's in Arizona better than any Denny's I've been to in California, but it is much better. As a rule, I avoid Denny's in California. Portions are always cheap and quality almost nonexistent. At this location in Phoenix, they always serve fair portions and the quality is good. If you like Denny's, you'll really like this location. Typical menu.
3	Staff is always super friendly, and the food is the same quality you get at every Denny's. We like to come here when kids eat free every Tuesdays and Thursdays! Lol
5	Went here twice while on vacation. Friendly and Great wait staff. Lumberjack Slam and Iced Tea hit the spot after 4 Wheeling in 115 degree weather in the desert.
1	Tried calling an order to go. First time I was asked to hold & the person on the other end set down the phone. After 5 minutes of hearing people talking & not being helped, I hung up. Called back about 5 mins later & it was busy (most likely because the phone was still off the hook). Waited 10 minutes & called again. Again I was asked to hold & the phone got set down. & again they forgot to come back. I wouldn't have called back a third time (& shouldn't have) but it was late & I really didn't want to cook. So finally after the third time calling, they took my order. One of the items I asked for a side of Mac & cheese but they were out. Not that big of a deal. Anyway I drive to pick up my order & they tell me that one of the meals I ordered for my husband was discontinued. He said they just sold out of the last batch. Wtf?! It was stuffed French toast that was just put on the menu for the holidays.  They didn't even offer anything for my hassle & their mistake. Not eating there anymore. Such poor service!!
1	This review comes on the heels of a terrible review of the Denny's on Watson Rd. Buckeye a few months ago.  My visit here was on Thu. the 13th of Nov.  Essentially I came here wanting to believe that a different Denny's just couldn't be as bad as the one on Watson Rd.My hostess/waitress, did not so much as look at me as she was still talking with her friends (in another language) in a nearby booth.  She grabbed a menu and walked to a booth still never having acknowledged, looked at, or spoken to me, which might be good since I don't speak the language they were using.  When I did not follow (I genuinely thought she was doing something besides seating me, so detached was her manner) only when she had reached my assigned booth did she, at last, look at me and motion for me to come and sit down.  I ordered and received orange juice and said that i needed a minute to decide.  Upon which she parked herself in the booth with her friends and happily chatted away long after I was ready to order.I became a little angry by now, I have seldom (as in NEVER) observed such arrogantly detached treatment of a paying customer.  Normally I have scruples about such things as walking out without settling up.  In this case I had no compunctions what so ever.  This establishment put the final wooden spike in Denny's where I am concerned, not only does their food stink, the service at this establishment surpassed all other experiences I have ever had for arrogance and "I could care less" manner.I realize that diversity is all the rage these days, but it is extraordinarily disenfranchising to be subjected to the detached attention of someone talking in a foreign language while being in an official capacity to serve you.  Tips are not a given, but instead are earned most generously by those who demonstrate a genuine willingness to serve and make a paying customer happy.  Terrible service/terrible food, this can only equate to Dennys' final death rattle.  I went to the Good Egg instead, and darn glad that I did!
