5	LOVE ZAMMISgreat service, good food, large portionsdelicious wingsowner & employees are very personable & friendly. Cheap beer & food, how can you not love it?
5	My family and I stopped here on a whim Kentucky Derby Day for a couple beers and to watch the race.  We didn't think much of the place when we walked in, but grabbed a table.  The service was a bit slow, but they got the beers out quickly so we didn't mind, especially since we had about an hour to kill before the race.  Turns out they were preparing for a Lacrosse party for the Hamilton High Lacrosse Team.  Be warned: if you aren't a Hamilton fan before going in you will be by the time you leave!  We befriended a bunch of people in the bar as the team and their fans started rolling in for the party.  The waitress kept apologizing for the wait and by the time we left they had taken 50% off our bill for the service even though we didn't complain and literally had no qualms about the whole thing.  When it did arrive it was fresh and hot and though nothing special it was good for a quick appetizer.  The regulars were having a great time and the owners put together a drawing for the race which was a fun touch.  If you're ever in the mood for a quick bite and some liquid libation near Fulton Ranch go to Zammie's.  You won't be disappointed!
3	This is one sterile bar. The decor that exists is straight out of the team shop of the nearby high school, which is weird because you're not supposed to go to bars when you're in high school. Plus it makes you feel uncomfortable when you're 33 and spending the evening drinking beers alone and there's nothing around but high school paraphernalia bathed in neon light. If you can successfully grapple with that, though, the chicken wings here are remarkable and ridiculous. They have the regular buffalo flavor should you be so inclined, but the real winner is this chili flavored wing that they deliver straight from whatever the Tex-Mex equivalent of Mount Olympus is. As it turns out, I didn't even really like chicken wings before I came in here. How these spicy, savory flavors came together as one, man mustn't know. Furthermore, the guy pouring Guinness took it nice and slow. Superb.
4	Food & service was fast and good! We will be back...
4	Love the Philly Cheese Steak!! It has Cheese Whizzz. Yum.
1	this place is now closed
