5	Very fair prices on leather resole ($30), and fast turnaround (2 days).
5	These folks deliver excellent service, fast.  I tore my lamb shearling coat pocket, leaving a gaping hole in the side.  They put in a patch that was nearly invisible and they did it in under a week.  Impressive work.  On top of that, they punched a new belt hole for me on the spot and free of charge.
5	Lee Shoe Repair was the third place I stopped to get a gash on the front of my dress shoes fixed.  The first two places said they couldn't fix it, but Lee's Shoe Repair was able to fix it and make it presentable.  Is it perfect?  No, but he certainly saved an expensive pair of dress shoes that I can now wear when I travel or when when it's raining.Thanks!
5	I have been looking for a cobbbler in charlotte, had no luck this last year until I yelped this wonderful this place. Outstanding work!!!
5	I visited Lee Shoe Repair last week and carrying my heels around for almost a month in my car. All i needed was the heels replaced. I was quickly greeted by a gentleman who took a look at my shoes and gave me a price. Within 3 days my shoes were good as new. I will definitely be back and recommend to everyone!
1	I've taken my designer shoes to them for over a decade and never had a problem, until now.  I haven't seen Mr. Lee in a while; there's a different person working in the back.  The workmanship isn't the same.My grey Chloe boots needed just a little piece of the thin front leather sole replaced at the tip and a new heel.  What I got back was a complete chunky rubber sole replacement and heel.  My once lovely grey boots were polished with black shoe polish - and are now black.The ballet flats with the very thin sole that just needed a bit of reinforcement at the front was returned to me with a new, hideous, incongruous, chunky sole and heel.  Part of the sole actually protrudes past the base of the shoes.  There's glue all over the place.  The entire profile of the shoe was changed.I'm taking these to another shoe repair shop to see what can be salvaged.Mr. and Mrs. Lee are nice people, but I won't be back.
