4	Stopped in for lunch today, this location has been open for about a month. Had a BBQ Pork sandwich with waffle fries.  With a drink (souvenier cup no less!) It came out to around $10.  The ordering menu is a little confusing, they could use a few lunch specials.  The have family packs you can order, it reminded me of a fast food version of a Famous Dave's.  In the end it was pretty good, a nice restaurant in a nice developing area.  I'll be back!
4	I was here about two weeks ago and ordered the kids pulled pork. It comes with waffle frys and a drink. The sandwich was plenty big for a lunch.  You can also make yourself a ice cream cone when you are done. The sauce is average to good but needed a kick, so I mixed the regular and the spicy. PERFECT. 10/30/08 Update1pm and it was empty. There were 3 people in the place. I had the bbq brisket, kids meal. It is enought for lunch for an adult taht is for sure. The brisket seemed to be left over or waiting in some hot juice before serving. It was not bad but it was not great. I would prefer the Pork. Less then $5 with frys, drink and a pickle and ice cream....not a bad deal.
1	Soooo not impressed!! I got the three meat platter to try a little of everything. While tender the turkey tasted like the pressed roll stuff you get for sandwiches at the deli and the brisket was bland. None of it tasted smoked or bbq'd. I also got some hotlink on the platter which tasted old and reheated. The loaded mashed potatoes tasted like dry and reconstituted potatoes. Call me spoiled but I have had better BBQ out of a Banquet Frozen Meal.
1	Wow...this was pretty bad. I mean almost everything was bad. The only saving graces were the bread and the iced tea. We both ordered combo platters with different things...brisket, chicken, pork. The brisket was bland. The chicken was dry. The pork was dry. Plus, if you are going to be a barbecue restaurant you should have a pretty outstanding sauce. Theirs is NOT that.
2	I have two free meals here and can't seem to bring myself to going. Anyone want to try it risk free? Pm me and I will arrange the details.
2	Not bad but not "good".. thanks to Daren I took his freebies and used them before the movies last night .  My husband and daughter ate at Dickeys with me and the consensus is it's just meh.  The food tasted okay but nothing outstanding in taste. The brisket and chicken had little flavor other than cooked, no smoking , the bbq taste  only came from the sauce which you could choose spicy or sweet.   The bread was good for the sandwich tasted like they trucked it in fresh, the roll served with the 2 meat plate tasted biscuit like and was tastier but looked like a roll.  My coleslaw was very bland and just tasted like wet cabbage.  My daughter  liked the macaroni and cheese , but only cause it tasted like velvetta, ew.    Would I go here again ? Maybe , if I wanted plain meat and a side of cabbage.
5	I eat at Dickies at least once a week so I may be a little biased when it comes to writing this review.  The food is always awesome, hot, and filling.  I always get the sandwiches but the one time I got the meat plate it was good as well.All you can eat pickles... all you can drink soda (with that awesome crushed ice)... all you can eat ice cream... and three different BBQ sauces to choose from?  What more can you ask for?  How about 32 ounce domestic beers for $3.50... two big screen TVs that are always playing sports... and a friendly and awesome staff always there to offer tips on types of food if you're feeling ambitious to try something new.-- Waffle fries are awesome...-- Baked beans are delicious...-- Mac and Cheese are shells that are kind-of odd if you are used to the Kraft box style like I am...-- Side salads are small but you get the point...Make sure to say hi if you see me there on a weekend day!! :)
2	This is okay bbq fare but there is nothing special about it.  Their sauces are bland.  The food has no great flavors and tastes overly microwaved or possibly like it came in a bag from Sysco.  They give you too much food and the prices reflect the portion sizes.  I've had the ribs and pulled pork sandwiches.  Both were meh...nothing special to write home about.  I wouldn't make this a destination but if you have other things to do while shopping at Norterra...it isn't a bad choice, just a VERY mediocre one.
5	Texas BBQ.  Pretty darn good if you ask me.  Chris T hit the nail on the head as far as I am concerned.I've eaten here three or four times and left satisfied every time.  Even the BBQ chicken salad is pretty good - if you are crazy enough to order a salad at a BBQ joint!Iced tea is very good.Pretty fast-foodie decor , which tempts me to give it a four, but I'm a sucker for decent portions.
3	I lunch at Dickey's about once a week. I think my favorite item on the menu are the 3 pork or beef brisket sliders for $4 dollars, the buns are phenomonal. Another favorite dish is the sliced polish sausage. Buy a large drink and bring back the cup and get charged for a small drink on your subsequent visits. And of course, the free ice cream on hot days is just too irresistible to pass up.
3	They changed the buns. The sliders are now just meh. I would say Dickey's is now a 2 1/2 star place and will probably only be visited once a month instead of once a week.
4	Read the previous reviews....lot of anger for this place.  I like the BBQ sauce and really that is what we are talking about here aren't we.  I am not a fan of any of the sides but the BBQ chicken or turkey sandwich is great, I usually take off the pickles.  I like how you can get free ice cream and the whole set up is nice and clean.  There are 2 large flat screens to keep you entertained and they bring the food out to you.  I would say this is the best BBQ but it serves a good purpose for the north valley.  It is a great spot for a quick lunch so I have to say....yah, I'm a fan.
3	I have been here twice to take advantage of the $1 each pulled pork sandwich special they are running this month. I was surprised that they didn't skimp on amount of swine used on the sandwich it was piled high, tender and tasty. I did note that the picture had pickles and onions and mine did not... no biggie for me. The second time I came in they had run out of pulled pork due to this special, they were more than willing to substitute for another meat. I picked the chicken which was a great choice since I learned that I won't do that I again. The chicken was decent but not very smokey and kind of dry. I liked the pork better which is odd because I would normally like the chicken better. Friendly folks and clean establishment. I would eat here again but I would have a hard time paying full pop for the pork sandwiches.
1	UPDATE:  Within 2 hours of posting the review below,  Dickey's contacted me in order to make things right.   Well Done!    I declined their offer for a gift card, but will try their Shea location at some point.   ______________________________________________________In a world of liars Dickey's would be king. Having put an ad in the AZ Republic listing a January long special of $1 BBQ pork sandwiches on Mondays I had been driving up to this location after work on Mondays to take advantage of this deal. The Monday before last they were "out" of the pork but were good enough to substitute for another meat. This Monday they decided to NOT honor their advertised special stating "that isn't for Arizona." Your pants sir are on fire. A. You advertised it in an Arizona specific Newspaper B. The Shea location honored the advertised special
4	My husband and I stopped in here for lunch a while back and really enjoyed it. The food was good and hot and was decently priced for the amount of food we received. The cashier was very friendly and we will definitely be back.
1	Several of us from work stopped in because my co-workers really recommended it.  Several of them have Dickey's big, yellow cups at their work desks so I know my co-workers like Dickey's.Unfortunately Dickey's computer systems were down so were not serving any customers.  I understand it must be devastating to a business not to be able to serve customers but we are taking time out of our work day to patronize their establishment.
4	Went for dinner last night and really enjoyed the rib meal.  Staff was very polite and nice.  The Pork ribs were great, I found that by "blending" their 3 sauces that I ended up with flavors I really liked (sweet with heat) and the sides were nice.  Green beans/bacon reminded me of those my Grandmother made - nostalgic moment here.  Potato Casserole was probably a serious calorie coma inducer but then again I WAS at a BBQ restaurant.  I ordered just water and they gave me a Dickey's cup.  $12 before tip, looking forward to returning
3	I stopped in on my lunch break.  The BBQ isn't bad for a fast food type of place.  I had the brisket on this particular visit.  The BBQ sauces weren't the best I've had.  If you are in the area and looking for BBQ, I recommend Pork on a Fork.
3	Last night I surprised my boyfriend by offering to take him out somewhere for some BBQ. I was told by a friend that this place is pretty awesome. Turns out she might have a bit of a bias since she used to work here.When we arrived there were 2 highschool girls 'working' the counter (they were really fooling around and it looked like they were throwing the sour cream packets around. They were fooling around the whole time, which I understand having some fun, but ya know what? Do it where I can't see it. I don't want to think about you playing floor hockey with my food!)When I ordered they  told me that they were out of chicken and french fries (on a Monday night). Wow. Really? So I thought about it and instead of chicken I had the pork stuffed inside a baked potato. The food wasn't too bad, but it also wasn't the best I've ever had. My boyfriend and I agree that the best part of this place is the free pickles and free ice cream. Maybe I'll try this place again after spring break is over ;)
5	It's hard to find a good place in this big city to call "Your BBQ Pit" but Dickies totally makes you feel at home. We go every Monday and have been for about a year and a half now and absolutely love it! Employees never forget a face and know your meal on the spot.
2	below average BBQ.Had two meat plate.Pulled pork was dry. Had to wet it down with a lot of BBQ sauce.Sliced Brisket was so dry it crumbled apart. Not even BBQ sauce could save it.Jalapeno Beans are VERY bland and not even a HINT of jalapeno. Original Potato Salad was just OK.I've eaten at Dickey's in other states and really enjoyed them. Here...not so much.Very disappointed.
1	We visited for the first time yesterday having purchased a $10 coupon from Restaurants.com. Upon paying for our meal, we were informed that they would only take off $5 from the meal vice the $10. The reason was rather obscure since the HS kid was only following directions but was something like a previous employee put those out without authorization.So? You're a business with something put out in your name by a representative of your company. Honor it. I will not return to a business that does not honor it's obligations instead passing its mistakes onto the customer to bear.I had the Rib Plate, mac n cheese and coleslaw. Ribs were fairly dry with the mac n cheese and coleslaw being more enjoyable. Plenty of better BBQ places around. This one was a dud.
4	Took the fam out for barbecue at Dickey's the other night and I must say it was really GOOD.  We ordered the family meal which was plenty for the four of us. I haven't had brisket this good since I lived in West Texas. We'll be going back!
2	Not terrible but def not good. Sauces are ok, meat is either dry (chicken) or flavorless and tastes like it is boiled (brisket). The sides were ok but who comes to a BBQ joint for sides?  We tried this location in addition to another hoping that the different locations might do things different or better and nope, they don't. We wont be back.
1	YUCK!  No joke, the worst bbq my family and I have had.  We went once, didn't even eat,  left and went to another place. So disappointing!
4	The reviews here seem pretty bad, but Im basing this review on the fried okra my girlfriend had..She said it was the best she's ever had.  One problem..  it's not around the corner, but we'll still get it if we're here.That's all we got.  So we have no idea how the other food tastes.. based on reviews, Im going to guess.. not so great.
2	Eh. I've heard people swear by these guys, but I just can't give a good review.  The food was ok... service wasn't good... took forever to get the food.One thing that seemed pretty weird is that they had a weight loss infomercial on the whole time.  Um... have they not heard of the psychology of the eater?  It's better to have cooking shows on to make people eat more... not weight loss! We don't want to be reminded how this pulled pork is going straight to our hips!There are other better bbq places real close to this place.
1	I think this location is closed. Google maps says it is and the website only has a location in Scottsdale and Mesa listed.
1	Called to place a lunch order a month or two ago and they didn't have half of the food items advertised. Ended up canceling the order and heading elsewhere.
1	I wish there was an option for negative starts because this place was THAT bad! Went there to try something new, I was shocked when the kids behind the counter pulled out plastic bags with meat and sides in them in order to make my place (which was priced more than Joe's Real BBQ which a million times better). Hoping for the best I took my mystery meat and green mush that was supposed to be "green beans" and sat down to eat. No kidding, EVERYTHING tasted like dirty feet. I was so grossed out by the quality of the meat and honestly scared of getting food poisoning that I threw away the remainder of the food and walked out. If you're in the mood for mystery food that sits in a plastic bag all day along with some disgusting sides for a ridiculous price then this is the place for  you. Otherwise I would suggest going ANYWHERE else!
1	So it's no surprise to me to find this has closed. With management so inattentive to customers and obviously not business savvy, it's no surprise another statistic added to the number of failed startups. No great loss here.
