4	So, yeah I do shop at chains...sometimes...this is totally around the corner from my parents...I pop in there all the time...all of the employees are always nice to me...I feel like a regular when I go in...maybe it's because I'm in there like three times a day when I go to Phoenix... :) I love their floral department...super beautiful flowers at an affordable price...plus they have the best clearance!...yeah, they put some of their flowers on clearance if there is a broken stem or something random...and the whole bunch is pretty much in great shape...I bought like a huge amount of flowers that would probably have cost me about $40 for about $10! yup! get outta town!
3	Middle of the road for a Fry's Market Place. It is in my neighborhood, so I use it frequently. I probly would give it 4 stars, if the deli wasn't so horrible. Pre-packaged deli meat and cheese are all that you can really trust... the rest is similar to a cafeteria line at an assisted living facility. This is the closest supermarket the University of Phoenix Stadium and Jobbing.com Arena, but DO NOT stop for pre-game supplies, for FMP doesn't prepare any speciality items on game day. No special dips, trays, anything. Perhaps a fresh round of "talent upgrades" in the dept.
3	This Fry's is indubitably in da hood!The parking lot has carts and dodgy cars everywhere,  but it has most of the things that you are looking for.  The service is decent and the prices are hit-or-miss.  I've been spoiled with a brand new Fry's that has a sushi bar, chines kitchen, tortilleria, larger liquor section, gas station, self-serve check-out lanes, and no homeless individuals begging for your money as you unload groceries into your car.  So, it makes this Fry's seem a bit outdated and ghetto in comparison.  But, it does have most of the necessities.
3	Famous low prices? I guess if you are a 1 stop shopper, Fry's is not bad. But if you shop around, I find myself buying very little from any Fry's. Produce can often be cheaper at other supermarkets. Alcohol I can get a better selection or price at specialty stores. Mainly we go in to Fry's for: Ice, impromptu ice cream runs, and either processed food or nonfood items.This store is a value Fry's. Which means that you will have trouble finding some items. The prices do seem lower on produce (compared to, for example the location on 91st and Olive) but the selection and setup is different. Some people have called it ghetto which I guess fits.The registers at this store are generally fast and a few of the employees are particularly friendly. Overall, this is "exactly what you'd expect" from a supermarket. I grew up with Kroger and can that, for the most part, the chain is the same everywhere you go. The best I can say is that if you have the time, it may be worth looking at flyers for multiple stores in the valley. The slogan does not seem to fit.
2	This place is like in the slums.   The parking lot is always trashed,  carts everywhere,  yeah and the parking is ridiculous. The inside is ok, but always out of whole milk, and baby formula. I'm used to North phoenix frys with a nice bakery and deli and fully stocked store.  This store sucks and I dont go there by myself at night because it always has bums or hoodlums begging or some yelling in the parking lot.
1	Watched a man almost get assaulted by security for trying to purchase a giftcard. The man was trying to by a giftcard at the self checkout. The check out person took an unprofessionial tone to informed him that due to store policy, you can not purchase a giftcard with a credit card u can only use debit card. The check out person then became very loud, aggressive impatient with the man because he couldn't really understand why he couldn't use his credit card. After and quickly escalating exchange checkout person gave a head nod to security.  Security rushed over and stood behind the man, when the man turned around he encounter security who stood some inches taller than the man whom felt so threatened he felt as though he was going to be attacked by security, the man then defended himself by threatening security by saying "that he will protect himself". The man started walking toward the exit, all while security maintained an aggressive posture until the man left. The checkout person could of offered the man different options to purchase what he needed during the holiday season, instead you turned a seasonal encounter into a emotionally traumatizing event witnessed by myself and others that also witnessed. Seeing a man being treated like with such an unwelcoming presence you displayed was life changing for me. I would rather grow my food in the Arizona desert.
