1	One Word.  "Roaches"Big F'en Roaches. Can I give less then one star?
1	No Bueno!!!This place looks nothing like the photo's on the Ramada Website! The halls smelled like cigarette smoke as did all 3 rooms I looked at. It needs a total remodel. Better yet, bull doze it down and forget about it. Also, it's in an industrial area/commercial area that has a lot of closed business'. The walls are paper thin and the furnishings are old and busted. Keep going up 101 to the next exit. I do have to mention the staff was really nice! They deserve a better facility to work at!!
1	This hotel is so terrible that even thinking of a logical comparison is difficult - describing it in terms of other hotels does not fully capture how much is wrong with it. If I pissed in a cup and threw it at you, that would make a better hotel than this place.Where's a good place to start ... how about the location? In terms of position within the city, it's in the middle of nowhere; if you need a cab, it will take 45 minutes to show up, owing to the fact that it's outside their normal area and most cabs in Phoenix are computer-dispatched. In terms of local location, it's in an industrial district between a vacant lot and a lumber yard. There's not a store, a restaurant, a drugstore, a gas station, ANYTHING for a mile in any direction.The hotel itself is a complete shithole. The buildings are what you would expect those gray-slab communist apartments in the Soviet Bloc to be like, only I've actually been to the former USSR and the communist apartment buildings were nicer. The hallway smelled like cigarette smoke and piss. I didn't see any cockroaches while I was there, but I was actually SURPRISED that I didn't, which is pretty pathetic. Reading that other people encountered them is not a great shock.Everything inside the room was a piece of shit. The shower had a showerhead that literally came out of the wall at mid-to-low chest level and could not be pointed upward, and the water flow had one available setting, which was "super-hard and focused on an area about the size of a quarter." I literally had to get down on my hands and knees to wash anything above my torso, then watch out while standing up because of the position of the damn showerhead again - it's fixed in a position so that if you're not careful, you'll get a blast of 100 mph water right in the dick, which happened more than once.They do have a bar/lounge next to the main lobby, which when I learned about it, I thought "thank god, at least this place has one redeeming quality." Not really, though. You go in and it will be empty except for maybe one other hotel guest, plus a couple tables full of meth-addict looking people who are there to bet on dog racing at the off-track betting window. Yes, they actually have an off-track betting window for dog racing in the hotel, and a bank of TVs in the bar showing races all night. But in this hotel, it didn't seem even a little bit out of place. What a total shithole.
1	I'm not even giving this place one star it's THAT bad. No matter how good a deal you think you are getting, RUN from this disgusting place. The room smells like cat pee and they don't bother to clean it up and just let the disgusting, unsanitary conditions persist. If you complain they shrug their shoulders at you. They lie about changing the sheets - so you sleep on dirty sheets. I'd rather stay at the Bates motel!
1	Worst hotel ever. It's dirty, there is a trailer/rv park directly behind the hotel. I checked in, the front desk guy was nice. When I got to my room there was a huge cigarette burn in the middle of the comforter. The worst part is that the head of housekeeping had just inspected that room. I lifted the comforter and the sheets were dirty. The towels were tattered I did not stay. I drove 5 miles to the Holiday Inn Express, a few bucks more but alot better. Save your money, this is a dump!
1	Somehow my previous review was taken down. Maybe somebody doesn't like it. Well, let me tell you something, I don't like this hotel, and people should know what to expect if they book here for their lame price. I really wouldn't stay here for free. "Wow, this place sucks, on every level as the other reviews state(except the front desk guy was nice and professional which was odd considering the conditions). I was only here for one night and tried to spend as little time there as I could. Really, I am not sure why you would stay here if you knew what you were getting into. I would happily drive several hours in the middle of the night to find a better place. I will not state the rate we paid, but hell, half of that would have been a ripoff. I have stayed in many 3rd world set ups that this place didn't even compare to. Really, it was that bad. I wore my sandals in the shower put it that way. It's disgusting and dirty in a not so charmy way. I'll make this short: Horrible part of town, disgusting smells all over, bleach smell when present was actually a respite, broken doors in adjacent units, holes in walls in hallway, dirty craphole carpets and walls, wi fi doesn't work, beautiful views of the railroad tracks and the UHaul crawling with meth heads searching their units for leftovers, ice machine did not work, saw employee draining the drinking fountain into a bucket and then transferring that into an "Arrowhead" jug for the lobby. Picture your most scumbag Travel Lodge is the sketchiest meth zone in your closest city and that is what you have here. There were not any noticeable hookers or drug deals actually happening in the hotel though. One experience here and you will be a fanatical hyper consumer when it comes to your next hotel choice."
1	This place is horrible. First the front receptionist so freakin rude as hell. The room dirty as f&$k. Shut off the water without notify the guest. The sheets and blankets has cigarette burnt hole..filthy place.
2	It's a ok place to park your RV. For the weekend if you passing through on vacation and full hookups if to be in the middle of town this is the only place you will find.
4	I'm giving it 4 stars.  The night guy was super friendly and good service.  The room is great for just $45 I paid.  Microwave and fridge plus flat panel tv.  Cont breakfast had DIY waffles and yoplait yogurt which I liked.   Most importantly no weird characters wandering outside at night.  No worry about my car.  NO weird smells in the room!  Clean!  No bug bites.  Great deal.
3	Decent room, clean, comfortable bed and good breakfast included in price although we did not avail ourselves of this.  Good deal for price.  However, I had already paid for the room on Priceline and the hotel charged an additional $100 to my debit card for incidentals (in fairness they do have a notice stating they will do this at the front desk). Hopefully the charge will drop off soon !
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! This place is horrendous ! Dirty carpets, dirty torn curtains, non-functioning outlets, freezing/scalding showers,wrinkled sheets, sandpaper "bath towels " the size of dish towels , crumbling faux leather desk chair and disgusting comforters and 30 year old blankets. Oh yeah, ice machine broken, no elevator. And yeah , the sports bar/ horse racing den...uber scary!Omg wouldn't have stayed here except it was spring training and we booked too late.Never again Ramada, stick with Best Western!
1	THIS PLACE IS A DUMP! Do Not Stay here. 1. non-functioning electrical outlets 2. shower runs from cold to scalding hot. 3. towels feel like sand paper. 4. Ice machine on first floor out of order our entire 4 day stay, second floor ice machine stopped working on day 3! 5. window locked, you can't let fresh air in. 6.dirty carpets, old and worn out furniture. 7. located in an industrial area, NO PLACE to go within walking distance. NO REASON FOR ANYONE TO EVER STAY HERE! ZERO STARS!!!!
4	I really don't see how this place is rated so poorly. The room was clean, there's a fun lobby sports bar with all types of games, clean pool, and it's close to West Gate. On top of all that, it was only $55/night on Expedia. If I go back to Peoria area, I will definitely stay here again.
2	Stayed here Thursday and Friday night.  Priceline purchase for $29 a night, after taxes and fees, it was $72.00 for both nights.  Not a bad price, but after staying here 2 nights, I know why it was so cheap!  First of all, this place is the "Ramada".  I used my GPS and found this location but there was a big huge sign out front that said "Days Hotel".  I drove by a few times thinking that my GPS was wrong or that the "Ramada" was behind this hotel or something.  Nope....turns out this is the right place.  No Ramada sign ANYWHERE indicating this is the right place.Room was meh.  Not the worst hotel I ever stayed in, but pretty close.  The door was hard to open and the security bolt latch was missing.  The carpet, curtains, bed, sheets, furniture etc was all pretty worn in. The TV was ok...28/30 inch LG.   The AC would constantly kick on and off every minute too instead of either just staying on or maintaining the temp.  Kind of annoying but I got used to it.  The bathroom was ok...small ass shabby towels though and the toilet was "iffy".  Better not drop a large duece or you might have trouble flushing!   The shower was actually good....had great water pressure and tons of hot water.  No vent fan though which got things hot and steamy!The price was good...that's about it.  I would not stay here again unless I was in need of a super bargain and this was the last hotel available.  The front counter ladies were nice on both check in and check out.  The hotel is just too damn old and shotty though.
1	THIS IS NO LONGER A RAMADA! It's a Days Inn. The change was made a couple of weeks before our arrival. What a crap hole!I booked this hotel, when it was Ramada, because it was close to where I needed to be, and they offer free breakfast. The first thing the front desk person tells us as we're checking in is "Breakfast is served until 10a, and it's $8 a person." Excuse me? You're not going to honor the deal I purchased just because you changed owners? I told the girl to have her manager call me so we could discuss things. No phone call. The chicken-shit manager couldn't be bothered with talking to an irate guest. You can bet that a nastygram will be sent to corporate. The room we were given was a sty. It reeked of urine in the bathroom. What? For a king-size bed, they tried putting queen-size sheets on it. What?! Lastly, there we insects, both alive and dead, in the bathroom sink and IN THE BED! WTF?!?! At least the staff was nice enough to get us another room.Spend you money elsewhere. This hotel has no redeeming qualities.
1	I booked my trip through Expedia for a 4-day convention held at the end of August. The booking took place in June when it was still Ramada, and I called a few times with various questions and to make adjustments. Not once did anyone mention that the hotel had been completely changed over to Days Inn. We only found out by driving around and being confused, not seeing a Ramada anywhere, and then asking their counter.The change wasn't necessarily a problem, as they got us into our room just fine. But the main issue was the complimentary breakfast that was supposed to be included per my Ramada reservation. This Days Inn charges $8 per person per day. I specifically chose this Ramada for the complimentary breakfast, and went with a non-refundable booking. What a mistake! With 4 people over 3 days, we missed out on $96 worth of breakfast.The front desk was useless. They said only the operations manager could approve a free breakfast like we reserved, but he was never in. I left my number twice with the front desk at different times and they said he would call me back, and he NEVER did. I contacted Expedia, and they gave me a $50 credit and also said they'd follow up with the manager to get our free breakfast. They also never did.Sheets were not changed by maids, just folded back onto the bed, since I could tell by various markings and GROSS STAINS on sheet sets. So I requested fresh sheets each time I came back, and got them from a groaning attendant each time.Parking lot is spacious, and wifi works ok. The keys for the hallway entrances sometimes don't work. Shower, sink, and AC were all fine. But it definitely looks run-down, and the staff were all useless about our breakfast problem. They couldn't even get me a corporate number to complain to. Instead, they gave me a reservations line for Days Inn and Ramada and said to talk to them. Really useless, never going to stay here again.
