4	Brought the burger-loving boy here the day after Meatheads opened to check it out. It was packed, but we received friendly greetings from the staff (GM and owner(s)? were there). The restaurant has counter service, where you order your burgers and then go to your table while everything is made to order. We each got 1/3 lb meatheads (there is also a 1/2 lb and kid's option) and a large fries to share. There are many premium toppings available to add to your burger for free (roasted red peppers, sauteed mushrooms, grilled onions, sauerkraut), while cheese, bacon, avocado, and fried egg (!) cost a little bit extra. I got a handful of standard toppings, and the boy got everything. Our food came out in ~5-6 minutes. The fries were fantastic, crispy with the skins left on. A large ($3) is enough to feed two hungry fry-loving grad students. A sign says that these are cut fresh daily... filling the C-U void for decent potato fare. As far as the burgers go, I quite liked that I could taste the beef through the toppings. The burger ($4.50 + $1 for cheese) was greasy to hold (on the outside of the bun and also dripping from the burger itself), but everything tasted clean and I didn't feel like I had been salt bombed afterward. The bun was soft and sturdy.. appropriate for the type of toppings offered. My burger did not go slip sliding away. Meatheads also offers several dipping sauces (for fries or to be added on to burgers), handspun milkshakes, and two freestyle coke machines. The food is satisfying and tasty (craveable? perhaps), the location is clean and bright, and the people are friendly. Welcome to the neighborhood!
4	I came in right at 11am, and there was no line.... but by the time I left about 15 minutes later, the place was filling up fast!   The burgers here are hand-formed which is a big plus for me and the fries are cut fresh -- another huge plus!!   I ordered a l'il meathead which is a single burger with lettuce, tomatoes, ketchup, grilled onions and jalepenos!  The jalepenos are super-fresh green.... not the kind that sit in brining liquid for years.   The lettuce was crisp, but a little yellow and everything was super fresh.  You order at the front, they give you a number, you sit down, and then they bring you your food in about 5 minutes!  They also have this crazy cool touch screen soda machine so you can have custom-made sodas like Fanta Grape/Pip/Sprite/Diet RootBeer or some other weird concoction.   Anyways, I ordered cajun fries which were super crisp and had just the right amount of kick!  I have no complaints about this place so far!!!   Way better than Five Guys (I don't think I'll ever like their burgers and thank goodness they aren't in Champaign)!  Meatheads is probably the best fast food burger in C-U,  but not as good Farren's or Black Dog.  I paid a little over $8 for a lil meathead, cajun fries and a drink!
3	Alright, let's put a disclaimer on this review: I'm biased. I'm a Five Guys Burgers 'n Fries die-hard fangirl. I will love Five Guys forever and always. It is my favorite place to eat. If we ever get a Five Guys in Champaign, I will be the crazy obese woman sitting in the corner mumbling and shoveling fries into the gaping chasm of my mouth. You're welcome for that mental image.So.I was pretty jazzed when I read about Meatheads' burger-and-fries philosophy. Similar to Five Guys - fresh, good food, done fast. Plus, they offer avocado as a topping! Omg! Excited! Two friends, Mr. Husband, and I went out to lunch yesterday. We decided, despite the full parking lot, to give Meatheads a try.Pros:Customer service - fantastic! The cashiers, though hurried (the place was very, very busy at 12:15 pm!) were super friendly, patient, and smiley. They also had a staff member to help seat people. We opted not to stay, as we were told that it would take quite a while (15 minutes plus!) to seat the four of us. When our food (wrapped to-go) came to us, the woman was very friendly, got us extra ketchup, and let us know to keep the bag open to vent the steam. Really cool, and much appreciated.Heinz ketchup - I've got a soft spot for Heinz, and consider it a pro whenever a restaurant carries it.So, why 3 stars??Cons:Price - two burgers, one large fry - very close to $18. We didn't even get drinks, or heaven forbid - MILKSHAKES (though they did look awesome.) $9/person is a fairly pricey lunch, especially for:Food - made me want to give the place 2 stars. Meh. My burger was literally dripping grease. In fact, I held the bag on my lap on the two-minute drive back to the office, and my pants had a giant (about the size of my hand!) grease stain. EW. For all that grease, the burger was super mediocre! The meat was fairly flavorless - not very naturally juicy, just nasty-greasy. The bun was buttery, but with all that GREASE, it's lost in the mess. I love burgers. I'm not hard to please. I love lots of burgers from places in town - Farren's, Seven Saints, Destihl, Billy Barooz, even Culver's! - and I'm not afraid of a little fat/carbs/grease if it tastes good. This burger was totally unimpressive, even with fresh avocado on top. The fries: Meh as well! They are "fresh-cut" fries, which should mean "fantastic." In this case, however, it does not. I made a point to ask for comments from my dining companions, specifically intended for a Yelp review. All four of us agreed - the food is totally mediocre, overly-greasy, and overpriced. For $9 a person before drink, we could have eaten basically anywhere in Champaign, and we'd have gotten better food. We may try Meatheads again someday, hoping that eventually these kinks get worked out, and the food improves - but for the moment, it's off of my list.
3	Meh. Ultra clean and super super friendly earns them two stars. Food only one star. Greasy and not very flavorful. The soda machine is fun, and so is the location - you can sit by window and watch traffic whizzing by on Neil Street. But I'd rather go to Culver's.
2	My boyfriend and I were having a craving for burgers and decided to give Meatheads a try as opposed to going to our regular bar for burgers. We regretted it as soon as we took the first bite.The burger here was greatly unimpressive and meat itself was mostly tasteless. I like it when I have a rich beefy taste to the burger patty, but this one did not have a trace of it. (so much for advertising the beef ... ) The burger was dripping with grease and it soaked the bun with the grease which made it soggy. Needless to say, eating became a messy ordeal. For two burgers, drinks, and fries (regular and cajun) we spent nearly $22!!! I was thinking this was gonna be the best burgers I've had, but it was a huge let down. I'm not coming back for sure. Much too expensive, burgers AND fries were subpar. Even if it was cheap, I would pay more for something that actually tastes good. At least the people were nice. Decor was very modern and clean. Oh and they had the new coke machines. But those things wouldn't be any reason why I would come again.
2	My wife and I went to Meatheads for the first time this evening. They did a great job remodeling the building. However...Our order was taken promptly, we were seated promptly although the tables were really close together and we felt like we were setting with six other people at our table. Even though the good folks setting on either side of us were pleasant and courteous, the seating did not make for a comfortable dining experience.I had a third pound meathead burger with all the fixings, a regular fry and drink. Our order was ready in supersonic record setting time and was brought to our table by a server. The burger was tasty and I really enjoyed the fresh cut fries. However...I understand turnover is important, especially on a busy Saturday night, and management wants to push as many people through the line as possible, but be reasonable. I have never felt so rushed or pushed to finish my meal as I was tonight at Meatheads. It was ridiculous! I barely got my last fry into my mouth before someone was hovering over me wanting to clear the table (and have me leave). Maybe it would be different say at 3:00 on a Tuesday afternoon. Maybe someday I'll find, or maybe not.
2	The atmosphere and service are great. Very modern and clean inside, and the staff was helpful and nice. The food, however, like others have stated leaves something to be desired. When I pictured a meathead burger in my mind I expected a huge beef patty, and instead get something similar to a McDonald thin patty. The meat didnt really have much flavor, and the sandwich pretty much fell apart. I will say the ingredients were very fresh, and they give you a ton of fries. Easily could split a order between two people. The coke machines are pretty cool and was more memorable than the food. I'll give this place another try sometime, but for the price, it won't be a regular go-to place.
2	It was OK; nothing great.  I thought it was expensive & the seating capacity not good.  I was there during lunch hour and they had "Reserved" signs on all the tables.  I asked the manager why were they all reserved.  He said they do that because it gets crazy during lunch so they will seat us!?  WTH?  Tried it once & that was enough.
1	I can't really say anything bad about the restaurant experience, other than to note the menu is very, very limited, if you don't want a burger ... But then again, the name of the restaurant is Meatheads ... Also a very sterile environment, and very loud, with lots of hard surfaces reflecting every sound.More significantly, the burger was a major disappointment! The best description would be GREAT selection of toppings on an extremely ordinary and virtually tasteless hamburger patty, and a Wonderbread bun. I mean, the bun was really disappointing ... My girlfriend and I each had a burger - no fries and no drinks - and it came to $12. With fries and drinks it would have been $20.  Seriously, I would have been more satisfied with a McDonalds or Burger King hamburger - maybe not so fancy but half the price ...Honestly, I would never go out of my way to return to this restaurant, and anybody who recommends the burgers at this restaurant as anything more than mediocre has really questionable taste in food ... IMHO.
3	I thought I had found my 5 Guys fix but was a bit disappointed.  We ordered 2 cheese meatheads with a regular fry and a vanilla milkshake.  It was definitely a step up from the typical fast food chain but lacked the addicting lure of 5 Guys.  Maybe we just got a bad batch but I wouldn't order the fries again.  They appeared to be shoe string size but the only ones that were crispy were the really small fries.  The drink machine was cool but no Birch Beer!  Pricing was similar to 5G's but MH gives 10% back to the community!  Decor and staff were excellent.
4	A decent burger. Since I'm from the Chicagoland area, my scale is set by 5 guys (5 stars, by far). We went here on a Saturday night with a large group and the staff was great - they found some tables for us so by the time we ordered we had a place to sit. The staff was excellent - they were good about making sure we had everything. The burger was alright - prretty greasy (not a huge deal to me honestly), but the meat was a little plain. The selection of toppings was great - many different toppings and sauces.Pros: Excellent staff. Very helpful. Nice, new restaurant. They have this chiptole ketchup that is really good. Solid selection of toppings and selections. Gluten free fries. They have the new Coke machines. Great community involvement.Cons: The meat of the burger tasted a little bland. Bun was kind of plain. A little pricey for what you got.Overall this was a decent 5 guys-esque restaurant, but they it could use some work. I was really impressed with the service. I want to rate it a little higher, but it is just "A-OK" in my book. I'd go back if friends wanted to try it, but I probably wouldn't go on my own.Edit: One thing I just remembered - Meatheads seems to be really involved in the community. On the walls of the restaurant they had the local schools (High school and University) basketball schedules posted. The photos on the walls were also of local places, not just some generic artsy photos. For this they definitely gain another star, it is nice to see places do this.
4	The food was ok. You get a lot of food for the price. There is bot a lot of seating.
3	The atmosphere was nice, not overwhelming. Meatheads was very clean, and the service was good, although the amount of people on staff was (I'm sure) inflated a bit because of how new this place was.As far as burger places goes, this place was good, but not great. I like the variety of extra toppings to add to the burger (eggs, avocado, bacon, etc.), but getting that stuff caused the burger price to go up by ~1 dollar each. I like that they have the Coke Freestyle, even though I don't drink soda. And, most importantly, I was happy to see they offered milkshakes, which, I think, is Five Guys biggest failure.However, for the $4 dollar price, my milkshake was slightly sub par. Don't get me wrong, it was good. It just didn't quite have the texture and flavor that I was expecting. It was more like a McDonald's milkshake than a small town diner milkshake, which is what I was expecting for the price.The other disappointment was the fries. Five Guys has fantastic fries, that are cut well and just contain so much flavor. Meatheads' fries just weren't as hearty as I thought they were going to be, and weren't a necessary side with the burger. They sufficed, though.The good things were that Meatheads offered both cajun and regular fry flavors, which I am a big fan of. Also, even though it cost extra money, getting an egg on my burger definitely added something a little extra. And, the burger buns were much less soggy than Five Guys' always are, which is a huge bonus.Overall, I would recommend this place to a friend, but I would give them fair warning that if they're looking for a Five Guys replacement, this place will not quite live up to that. Still, a good restaurant and, I'd say,  it should be kept high on the list for people looking for good burger in the C-U area.
4	I went again and my experience was much better the second time around. This time I decided to try one of the recommended burgers (I think they were called Chef Inspired) instead of building my own. I had the Hawaiian - Pineapple, Jalapenos, cheese, and bbq sauce I think. It was much better - my burger was a lot less greasy, and it stayed together quite well. I got the Cajun fries again, those were pretty good as well. I went again with a large group (7 people) and the staff saved a table for us while we were in line. That was awesome, since it was pretty crowded on a Saturday night.Pros: Tasty burger. A large fry is plenty for 2 people to split. Not overloaded on cajun flavor. Staff was excellent again. I didn't get a milkshake, but they looked kinda expensive for the size (but supposedly they taste pretty good).Cons: Fries were alright. I had a lot of little pieces in the order I split with a friend.Overall I had a much better second experience at Meatheads. I would recommend that you try one of the chef inspired burgers! I can say that I will come back here again.
3	Great selection of toppings, the cajun fries were tasty, but as for the burger itself, it's no Farren's.  If it were cheaper, I'd probably be fine with the quality.  I may return, but it won't be my top pick if I'm in the mood for a burger.
2	I ate at Meathead's twice. The first time I ordered a burger, fries, and a drink. The total was about $9, so I expected a burger and fries for two, and the portion was huge. It looked really good, with fries overflowing the basket. The burger looked great...until I took a bite. I waited for some flavor, but it never came. On to the fries. Fresh cut, looking good...but tasted burnt. I was sitting close to a couple who I overheard discussing the food, and their thoughts were the same. The burger was tasteless. On my second visit, I ordered a Chicago Dog and fries. The dog was a footlong, but it also didn't have the snap or the meat flavor I expect in a Dog named Chicago. The fries were the same, huge portion, burnt tasting.C'mon, Meathead's, man up. What's with your beef? It's can't be that hard to buy beef worth the prices you charge. When I occasionally eat at Mac's, I get a double with nothing on it, and even at Mac's, the beef flavor shines through. Five Guys will be here soon, and I'm hopeful we'll have a great burger in town. But I'm not counting on it. "Under promise, and over deliver." I think with franchise prices what they are, corners are often cut.
2	I will join the crowd, the place is clean the staff is very nice and helpful they really deserve a better restaurant. The food is bad and expensive. The burgers thin over cooked the fries inedibly salty. The toppings on the burgers were good, but a nice fresh jalapeno can not save this burger. Unlike some of my fellow reviewers I did not have a grease problem with the burger, just the opposite mine was dry and flavorless. When we left my wife and I got in the car the first thing my wife said was never going there again, and I am in compleat agreement with her. Two stars just for clean and a great staff.
4	Well, I went back to Meatheads with intentions to give it a second try. I figured this time I'd try an Oreo milkshake and a specialty burger, while sticking with the Cajun Fries. In all, this experience was much better than the first. The specialty burgers are the way to go, and the Oreo Milkshake was better than the Chocolate milkshake I got on my first try of Meatheads. I will be going back, but it's still a bit pricey to be my main choice of restaurant. Still, I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good burger.Also, this time I noticed how involved Meatheads was with the community. They had a wall devoted to the sports for the high school's in the area. I thought that was a great idea. Just a side note.
2	Ok, I have to admit, I really wanted to like this place.  This whole "upscale burger joint" concept is really growing right now and I kinda dig the idea.  I've been here on three occasions, hoping that I was just missing something.  Unfortunately, It's just not that good. As others have mentioned, the staff really seems to try and are friendly.  The atmosphere is as expected.  Sort of an industrial/modern atmosphere with lots of wood.  It's a new facility, so it's clean and tidy in upkeep.  Can't fault any of these items.But then there's the food.  Burgers, fries, drinks and  shakes.  Pretty much that's it.  There is a selection of theme burgers and a build-your-own option.  First time I went I had the basic Cheeseburger.  It came promptly in a basket with a pile of fries.  The burger was covered in so many toppings that it was really just a topping sandwich flavored with meat.  Everything was so greasy and sloppy that you really had to eat it with a knife and fork.  Meh, not my thing.  But I figured I'd give it one more chance and try a build-your-own next time.  This wasn't much better. There's just no flavor to the burger and it's a sloppy mess to eat.  I decided to splurge on a shake this time to take with me.  By the time all was said and done, I was out darn near $15.00.  Way too expensive for a burger and fries.  Then, about two weeks ago, I was late to an appointment and needed a quick lunch.  As I mentioned, I really wanted to like this place so I decided to swing in and give it one more try.  Ordered a bacon cheeseburger this time.  Even worse than the first two.  Size and quality had dropped from the first two times, always a bad sign.  Seems like they are starting to cut corners.  Again, dropping $10 for lunch really isn't going to work.  Culver's, on a good day, make a way better burger for quite a bit less.There are a couple new places with this theme opening in the next few months around town.  Let's hope they are an improvement.
4	The burgers are definitely a cut above. They are comparable in price to the nice burgers in town at the Courier, Esquire, Crane Alley, etc. ($4-$7, depending on what you order). My husband still thinks that the Courier has the best burgers, but Meatheads blew the competition away for me. You get a larger portion of excellent tasting beef for the price. Every burger has at least two patties. Nearly everything about my regular meathead burger was perfect. The only room for improvement is the bun...but it wasn't bad at all--just not as gourmet as the rest of the burger. They have lots of fancy options. My husband really liked his Cajun Burger (although it was pretty messy to eat!) The fries are fresh, cut thin with skins on, and also served in large quantities. I have yet to try the shakes because Custard Cup is right down the street...The ambiance is casual and clean--a wide variety of songs played, not too loudly. There's plenty of seating and room to spread out, although I have seen it get pretty packed. This would be a great place to come with a big group because you could easily push tables together. They give you a number so that you can sit down after ordering and wait for a server to bring your food. The food comes very quickly. They also have the world's most high tech soda machine, with a touch screen menu of more than your average options. There's a drive through as well.Obviously eating here costs more than a fast food place would, but it tastes so much better. You're not eating pink slime, chemicals, fillers, or trans-fats, and it's obvious. It's still cheaper than eating out at a "sit-down restaurant." Tonight, my husband and I spent $16 for a filling meal for two and didn't have to tip anyone. When I'm in the mood for a burger at a casual place, this is where I will go.
1	Yuck.  Normally I like to try a place a couple times before writing a review but I will not be getting anything else from this place.My girlfriend's coworkers got take-out from here and she got a burger and a sandwich for me.  Her burger had avocado, lettuce, and tomato.  My sandwich was an ALT - avocado lettuce tomato on white bread.  So there was similarity.When we got it, the paper around both sandwiches was soaked through in grease and translucent.  This is not, in fact, necessarily a negative.  I didn't get food from a burger place to eat healthy.  I love seeing the grease on the wrapping paper from Derald's on their breakfast sandwiches.My sandwich was disappointing.  It had enough avocado - once I could find it in the almost half cup of mayonnaise on the sandwich.  The lettuce was iceberg lettuce and uninteresting.  The tomato was okay.  The bread was just white bread, fried in some kind of cheap vegetable oil.  That made the sandwich much "heavier" and unpleasantly greasy.  Like I said, I don't mind some grease, but this stuff tasted cheap and stale.  After eating it, I felt kinda sick later in the day.  My girlfriend's burger had much less avocado.  The patties were extremely thin and bland.  The bun wasn't great either.  For all they talk about fresh ingredients on the website, I am not seeing the quality reflected in the food.The prices aren't cheap, either - $5 and up even for veggie sandwiches and up to $10 for burgers.  Fries are extra - so we didn't get any, but I hadn't heard good things about them.  Compare this to Black Dog, where you get an awesome burger and fries or other side for $8.  Or Derald's, where the burgers are much cheaper and the veggies look more freshly sliced.  If you must eat at a chain, try Culver's, even that's a much better deal, I think.Since we got take-out I can't comment on the restaurant itself.  I would still never get food from them again.Edit: a note on this review.  After it had been up for a little while, I was contacted via Yelp message by someone from Meatheads.  They apologized profusely for my dissatisfaction and offered me a complementary meal in the future.  I haven't taken them up on it - I'm still not in a huge hurry to go back - but they are trying to address unhappy reviews, and I think that's worth noting.
4	For a burger joint in Champaign you can't really complain! There really isn't something to die for in a small college town. This is a very clean inside and the staff is great. The asst. Manager is very good will bend backwards for you. I had a problem with my sandwich I complained they got me a new one and it was great.. I like this place and would eat here again.
3	Not bad.  Got the 1/3 Texas something or another burger with bacon, lettuce, tomato and grilled onions.  Portions were huge, swimming in grease.  The fries were alright, but not the best; crispy, but not too much potato.  The white bread buns were cold; with all the other toppings the texture clashed with the grilled burger and crispy toppings.   I wished they would toast the bun slightly to make it fit."It's basically an okay Five Guys" says my friend.  It isn't the best burger around.  I was hoping for better meat, and a big honking patty over two stacked slim slices of meat.   I gave it three since 11 dollars for the full meal is a lot for just an alright burger.  I will try it again, and recommend it to anyone who wants to try that "upscale" burger joint.
4	Good food and nice service. The England Dog and Bacon Egg Sandwich are awesome.
2	Not worth the price. My husband and I each had a regular burger, fries and drink and our two kids each got a kids meal. It cost us $35. The burgers were mushy. Again, not worth it.
4	I have gone here a few times. I find the burgers tasty and I am glad you can customize. The price is a bit high after adding fries and a drink. The drink machines are cool and the cajun fries are very tasty. The atmosphere is very clean and modern. I also like that they have a drive thru which takes about the same amount of time as sitting in the Steak and Shake drive thru. When I am craving a burger and don't want to go to a sit down place then I will probably go here.
4	The new building is cool. The service was outstanding. The meat itself tasted just like Steak and Shake. The bun was a little better.
2	I went there craving a burger but because I wanted something fast. I opted for the chili cheese fries to go. Something told me that I wasn't a good idea to take that on the road...The place looks super fab. It was very clean, earthy, and urban and not some hole in the ground. When I got my order, I got a heaping order of fries. They were separate from the chili, cheese, onions, and jalepeno peppers which were in small containers. They're not McDonalds kinds, more like Five Guys (with the skin on it), which I am not a fan of. Alone, the fries were bland and underwhelming. They were also not super fresh. The cheese sauce was okay (I was expecting something similar to nacho cheese), and the chili was actually pretty good, though, given the amount of fries I had, I was surprised at how little I got.It's definitely not something that I would order again, though I'd love to try a burger there.
4	Who knew someone reads this stuff? After my last review I was contacted by Mr. Sanders from the home office marketing department (shouldn't he be marketing chicken?) he was very unhappy about the experience I had and in short he said he would get that taken care of. He later invited us to please give them a second chance. So on the 2 June we did and the staff and the cleanliness had not changed still top end. But the food, it did change for the better our burgers and fries and chicken sandwich were all cooked and put together very well. Unlike last time this time my burgers were juicy with nice flavor and had the toppings I ordered, the chicken was hot juicy and well seasoned, the fries hot and fresh still a little heavy on the salt for my taste but nothing like last time, we ate them all this time. Maybe I'll ask for them with no salt next time. Over all a big impovement and we will be going back, hope there is no backsliding. We went at similar times both trips about 3:30p.m. on a Sunday and a Saturday very slow both times so it did not get better or worse do to number of customers
3	Very clean and bright inside with friendly staff. Everything we got was positively dripping in grease. The burgers were okay, but I wanted to wash my hands the second that I finished. Good Oreo milkshake, too.
3	As far as drive-thrus go, this one is definitely on the nicer end, especially given it's location. There's really not much else around on that strip of Neil St. besides other chain restaurants.I had it for the first time the other day on my way out of town and got the Californian, a burger with avocado and this amazing wasabi cucumber sauce. It was pretty tasty. Definitely not lean by any means, but hey, it's a freaking burger.I will say that I did really like the little high school football scoreboard on the wall. I appreciate the interest in community. The servers were really nice too and the fries were pretty good. The soda machines were also brand new and had lots of options... and all it was a very clean, nice little place.However... I still have a couple suggestions:-Add truffle fries. We have them at every decent burger place up here in Chicago (I'm a Champaign native though fyi) and I think it just legitimizes the fact that you're paying for more for "just a burger". Plus they're freaking delicious.- Add turkey burgers, or bison, or venison or something. A turkey burger is easy, and delicious, and leaner and I know I'd get it.
4	As most other people have mentioned, Meatheads takes after the Five Guys burger model.  Didn't try the fries, but I enjoyed the Cajun Sunrise burger, though I might recommend it without Jalepenos, as it overwhelmed the taste of the burger.It's a little pricey, and there are definitely better burgers out there, but not bad.I would give this place a 3.5 but I'll round up due to balance out some of the strange negative reviews about the menu and greasy food.  Yes, they have only burgers, and yes, burgers are often greasy.
4	I brought my husband to Meatheads for lunch on his birthday.  He was super excited so we "splurged".  He ordered a "Build Your own Burger": half pound burger (which is actually 3 small patties stacked) and a fried egg on top w/ swiss cheese.  He loved it.  We had the Chili Cheese Fries and they were delicious.  I think the previous reveiwers who had Take Out...maybe didn't get the full experience like you do with dining in....because I would rank the Chili Cheese Fries at top of my list.  I had the Texas Ranch burger and enjoyed every bite.  We also had a Mocha Shake which was very rich and delicious, though my husband thought is was very "coffee" flavored (um, that's the point I thought but was happy to drink more of his share).Oh, and I love the fancy soda dispensers ...they are the electric ones where you can choose a flavor to go with your soda choice...totally fun.
5	Stopped by on the way to Chicago simply because the parking lot was full at two in the afternoon.  What a happy accident to walk into this place.  Clean and modern with a cool concept oriented around quality ingredients, fresh baked buns, and amazing service.  Our group tried several different burgers and they were all exceptional.  Chain is also socially responsible and has a program in place to honor young achievers in the local school system.
3	First of all I do not care for hamburgers but once in a while I will get one.  I drove by Meatheads and noticed they had a drive through.& I decided to give it a try.  Not a big menu.  I had the kids meal which included french fries, cheeseburger and a teeny tiny drink.I am also not huge fan of french fries either (yes, I am American) but as far as french fries go these were excellent.  The cheeseburger was OK too.  I think it taste just like Culver's.  You can get a cheaper burger at Culver's but their french fries are gross so if you are going for the whole meal thing this place would be your best bet.  And they don't skimp on the FF, they give you plenty!!!The staff in the drive through were super nice.I tried to do a check in on Yelp here but it did not list it on my phone for some reason.
4	Good burgers... Dick cashier.. Gave me lip, otherwise I recommend the Texas Ranch
4	Well to follow up from my previous review... I was surprised when I was contacted by Joe, who I believe is the HR guy from meatheads. Anyway he went out of his way to make up for my experience and I can say I am a fan again.
4	Meathead's is a dependable burger spot that comfortably sits in between the upper end fast food of Wendy's and the local sit down offerings of Farren's, etc. While the patty itself is not quite as good as Five Guy's, the topping options put Meathead's ahead, in my opinion. I love the Texas Ranch burger (bacon, cheddar, BBQ), and the option to add a fried egg with the Cajun Sunrise is top notch! Also, the awesome soda machine and delicious chipotle flavored ketchup are fantastic additions! My only complaints are that sometimes my burger is a touch too greasy, and the cost is maybe $1 or so more than I would think appropriate. But never enough to prevent me from looking forward to my next visit!
3	I don't go for fancy dancy burgers, like wasabi or fried egg and weird flavors. But if you like that, they have it at Meatheads.  There are tons of choices to put atop your burger.All fresh. It's an adult  fast food atmosphere.  I like the regular old cheese burger, so I got a 1/3 lb. burger, which is two thin   patties. All in all, it was tasty, it was almost everything I wanted in a hamburger.  Fresh ingredients.  The patties are fresh, never frozen, as per the manager.  It was very tasty and our order came out fast, and the staff was friendly, the place is clean. The fries are really good.  Crispy, thin (but not too thin) and salty!!!I'd go here again for a quick burger. UPDATE: I had a nice email from the manager, I would patronize this place again because it appears he CARES!!!
5	Had 5 guys and thought they were tops....BUT....this place is a step above. My wife is a stickler for cleanliness, and this is one of the cleanest places in town....much cleaner than 5 guys altough they are reasonable clean. Fantastic burger, and the quality is great. Also have a superb New England style foot long dog. Try the chilli fries...hand cut and over the top good. Toppings? Tons of toppings from pineapple to avocado, and on and on! Very clean....had a problem with a burger,( a little under-cooked) and the manager insisted I take a gift card that was twice the amount we spent for supper! You tell me where you can get that kind of service and support ?  Excellent, clean and ourstanding staff!!!!!
5	Awesome food and service. I get the Cajun Sunrise burger most of the time! Also, order kid sized fries because regular may be a little too much for most people. The serving is still a lot for "kid-sized"However, it seems they get new people staffed every so often which slows down the speed of my order because they are training. But everyone else working there is so nice and friendly!All in all, I really love this joint!! I frequent it and leave satisfied every time.
5	I've never been disappointed with these guys. Great service and clean environment. I always get a 1/2 lbs burger with cajun fries. Beware as the large cajun fries could probably feed three to four people. Drive-through is much slower than regular fast-food places, but still worth it.
5	Well,let me start by saying I love all of the local school stuff! Meatheads certainly makes an effort to be a part of the community! Now the food, California chicken+kid fry=me STUFFED! Chicken was juicy,fries hot n tasty. Did it take a minute? Yes, because they made my food...it's a restaurant. Not the "King"or the "Clown"! Staff was friendly and looked happy to be there. This is important, because it shows in your food! Also, I don't know his name but the manager was really attentive(without being creepy). I'm going back repeatedly!
4	When I first arrived, the line was out the door which I thought was both a good sign about the food and a sign that this might take a while. But the cashiers were speedy and maybe the customers were decisive as well. The concept of this place is similar to that of Chipotle--you pick what toppings you want on your burger or you can choose one of their predefined burgers.  I went with the second option and ordered the californian with regular fries and a drink which came to a total of just under $12.  Kind of a lot for a meal at a fast-food like place but I was hungry so whatever. My meal was pretty good and there was a ton of fries in the "regular" portion.  They were thin and crispy as well which I loved.  The burger itself was good, it did fall apart a little bit when I tried to eat it, but there were a good amount of toppings so that was predictable.  I was disappointed in the amount of cucumber wasabi on my burger as I was really looking forward to that.  I feel like I only tasted it in one bite.  Instead I just added some of the specialty spicy chipotle kethcup available which was delicious and this is coming from someone who doesn't even like ketchup and eats her fries dry.  They also have Coca-Cola freestyle machines were you can pretty much have any Coke drink imaginable so that's cool. It also means the person in line behind me gets irritated because I like to check out all of my options before making a decision.
2	I made good on my promise to give Meatheads another try, and I did my best to leave my last experience at the door and give the restaurant a fresh start. At this point, Meatheads has been open in Champaign for over a year and a half, so I expect most of their kinks have been worked out, and my experience is fairly standard. I'm still not impressed. Sorry, Meatheads. I wanted to like you. This time, I ate in the restaurant. It was a Thursday, shortly after noon. The restaurant was busy-ish; not packed, ample seating options, but doing some good business. I ordered a similar burger to my first - a cheeseburger with fresh avocado, and I split an order of fries with Husband. I also got a soft drink, because they have the Coca-Cola Freestyle machines. I have a soft spot for those machines. I don't drink a lot of soda, but there's something that appeals to the kid in me when I can make a strawberry Sprite! ANYWAY.Pros - Customer service while ordering. The cashier was friendly, efficient, and got my order right. Drinks - Again, love those Freestyle machines. Way to go.Mehs - Fries. I didn't not like my fries. I also wasn't blown away. They were fine.Cons - The burgers are just *too* greasy. I'm sorry. Maybe some people like that, but I don't appreciate an active stream of grease dribbling off of my sandwich. The bottom bun was soaked with grease before I even had a chance to take a bite. The burgers just aren't up my alley.Price - The burgers aren't very big considering the price. I still think it's a little steep for what you get, especially compared to some of the other burger options in town.Customer service while eating - There were at least three staff members making regular rounds. This is good - if you need something. I don't like the feeling, however, of being rushed, and as soon as anyone picked up the last fry/burger bit/etc from their tray, a staff member would swoop down, ask a hurried "Areyoufinished" and grab the plate. This unnerves me. Also, Husband wanted to use his burger plate for a ketchup rest for his portion of the fries, but as the staff member had already grabbed his plate, he let it go. Is this a huge deal? No. Is it kind of.. rude? I felt so. I appreciate that the staff is trying to be helpful, but the constant circling is off-putting.I realize I may be picky, so I encourage anyone who is curious to give Meatheads a try. I did ask, again, for my dining companions' opinions, and they also weren't very impressed. Husband had been with me before, but we were dining with a friend who had never gone - in fact, it was his desire to try Meatheads that convinced us to go back and give it another try. None of us are planning a return trip. YMMV.
4	This place's burgers remind me of Five Guy's with more options. I'm impressed with many of their burgers, and my kids have enjoyed the chicken, too. I'd put their fries up against anyone's. The only restaurant that has better fries anywhere is Arthur Bryant's in Kansas City. I'm as pleased as I can be that they have a reading incentive program for kids. My kids are actually doing this and enjoying it. As others have mentioned, the freestyle drink machines are great. So what's not to like?!Did I mention my 5 year old likes to call them "Beefheads"? That's worth the trip by itself!
3	TL;DR:  OK place if you can handle $8 burgers from a fast-food place, and you don't mind waiting a while for them.We go to Meatheads something on the order of once-a-month or so.  We always use the drive-thru, so I cannot comment on the interior or service in the restaurant.  I tend to like my burgers pretty simple, so having a large variety of eclectic toppings usually is not a path to greatness in my book.  However, I am a huge fan of caramelized/grilled onions on a burger, and it's for that reason that we continue to return.  I personally favor the onions and roasted red peppers with cheddar on mine, while the wife + kids tend to choose American with occasional mustard/mayo/etc.I like the fries a great deal, but the rest of my family does not -- it's a subjective thing.  I usually doctor them up with garlic salt and shredded cheese at home, so I guess that's cheating a little.Drive-thru service varies from very friendly to "How dare you interrupt my socializing!" and sometimes takes a while, but the food is always very fresh, which is better than most fast-food.We wanted to try a couple different sauces once, and they insisted that they had to upcharge us almost $1 per sauce if we didn't get it ON the burger.  I felt that was a silly policy, especially considering that you only got a tiny bit of the sauce on the side anyway.Minus another star for price.  It's pretty steep, in my opinion, for fast-food burgers and the burgers are not large as it is.  Our last order (tonight)was something like $35 for 4 burgers and one order of fries.
4	I like the burgers and the options on the soda machine. It is worth the little more you pay over a comparable burger somewhere else.
2	Can someone please explain why Central Illinoians (Illini?) make such a big deal of this place?!? The burgers are waaaaay overpriced, the fries are vastly medial, the meat is over-cooked, and the patties are about the size of something you'd get at Mickey D's... Thanks, but no thanks, I'm taking my money to 5 guys!
4	Texas Ranch
5	This place is is like five guys only way better. The fact that you can get specialty burgers like the bacon ranch or the rueben gives this place a solid advantage over the competion,  the cajun fries are better than five guys. The customer service here is well above average as well,  great place to get a really tasty burger.
5	Delicious. I got the salad to go with my huge burger and it was a lot of food but yum.
3	Meatheads is okay, but to me it's an attempt to be Five Guys, and with one in C-U now, it's no longer high on my list of places to go.First the good: the burgers are amazing. They give Five Guys (heck, a lot of the bars) a run for their money, and in terms of "fast food" type joints, I've only had one or two better. The soda machine with the unlimited options is always cool (though I don't recommend the Peach Mello Yello Zero, both because it's not as good as it sounds and it probably shortens your lifespan by five years). Plus the decor is neat- I like that they list local sports scores on the wall, and the place is bright.The problem is that the place is so darn expensive. It's normally $12-$15 for a burger, fries and a drink, and while you get a lot of fries, they're the shoestring ones, so you don't get as many as you think. It also takes a bit of time for a pseudo-fast food restaurant, and while the toppings selection is diverse, it's not like it's super-diverse.
4	As an update re: my last review, I was contacted by regional management and was asked very nicely for specifics about why our experience was unsatisfactory.  After voicing my complaints, I was offered a generous gift card ($25) for my feedback, which was not necessary but we appreciated it.  We've already used it, and the service experience seemed better this time.  While it's still a bit steep price-wise, I do like the burgers and it's comparable to several other fast-food places in town.Just want them to get the credit they deserve for following up so quickly to my relatively unknown Yelp posting to make things right.
4	We have been to Meatheads in both Champaign and Bloomington. Both times it was delicious! The burgers beat the heck out of Five Guys, and the fries do too! Especially the cajun fries! And you MUST try the cheese sauce for dipping...yummy and a little spicy. The milk shakes are for real, too. Great, now I'm hungry...
3	This is an okay burger place. It's a bit pricey. The fries are okay. Not much else to say.
5	Very friendly staff, but the service was a little slow.  Those burgers, Cajun fries and shakes are amazing.  Lots of great choices for beverages and toppings.
4	A but pricey but the food was great, inside very clean, and the safety was attentive and friendly.  I'll be back every now and hen but I'd come more often if they could trim the prices a bit.
5	LOVE TO EAT HERE!!! Californian is the BOMB!!! And I love how friendly everybody seems...even when it's packed!
3	Great burgers! I am not a fan of anything else on their menu but the burgers are worth going here.
3	I stopped by Meatheads one weekend and while I had fun, I wasn't blown away.  I ordered a cajun, which was a solid meal for one.  The burger came with egg + fresh jalepenos (delish) + cheese, etc. hold the bleu cheese sauce.  Everything was nicely spiced and season, but the egg was a little overcooked and the patties were on the dry side.  For ~$7/person, my sister and I had a solid OK meal.
5	All great experiences at Meatheads! The burgers are great, and their fries are the perfect combo to go with the burger. Try the cajun fries if you like a little extra kick! The restaurant was very clean and the service was also excellent. The food came so quickly and they clean up for you right away when you are finished.
4	I come here when I'm craving a burger with my own pizazz. It's a little pricy, but they give you tons of fries and I enjoy the fancy soda machines. If they mess up something, they will acknowledge it and fix it immediately. They want you to leave a full and happy customer.
4	I love this place. It's a bit provide than the average fast food burger joint, but the food is so much better. I'd argue that the food is better tasting than most sit-down burger places in C-U. Perhaps more importantly to someone as dorky as I am is that they regularly cycle their Chef-inspired burgers off the menu, but they'll still make them; as a result, I've literally been ordering from the "secret menu" for months. Ask for the Goulden with Cajun fries--you won't be disappointed!
5	Tried quite a few burgers in town during my first year here. Meatheads has become my burger of choice. The staff is incredibly friendly, the food arrives fast, and you can build your own delicious burger. So stop eating crap burgers from McDonald's/Burger King/Wendy's and other cheap fast food joints. Upgrade to Meatheads!
4	The only fast food choice you should even consider in Champaign. Nearly leaps into sit-down restaurant status. Quality ingredients and a wide variety of choices make this a destination heads and shoulders above the rest. The staff is always friendly and very helpful.  John was a welcome smile for my late night drive-through purchase. He encouraged me to come back to try the milkshakes. I definitely will include that stop on my next Champaign trip.
5	We ate at Meatheads on June 14th 2014, everything was fabulous.   The service was excellent,  the manager is fabulous and my burger was amazing.   Hands down ten times better than 5 Guys!    We will definitely be back....
5	Just finished a wonderful salad called "the chopped wedge." Ordered it as listed on the menu board but added the  crispy chicken. The iceberg lettuce was cold and crisp. I asked my husband when he had ever seen me eat a salad without dressing. Answer was "never." That' s how great this salad was. Have to add the blue cheese vinaigrette was very good ... I dipped my chicken in it! Great staff every time we go.
2	Came here a few weeks ago and while it was decent, it seemed like a wannabe Smashburger but without the great taste. If u've been to Smashburger, stick with it. Avoid this place, it's all hype!
4	Our favorite burger place in Champaign. Great burger and fries. My favorite combination is Hawaiian burger with cajun fries. The fries portion is quite big, which could be enough for two. Beside the food, what makes us keep coming back to this place is its staffs - very friendly with smiles always on their face. Highly recommend when coming to Champaign!
4	If you are looking for a genuine American cheeseburger this is the best place to go in Champaign. All in all the resteraunt featuring a coke freestyle machine has an atmosphere that makes you want to come back.
2	Surprisingly a not so great place for meatheads to eat. Food is really greasy. That's probably the main ingredient, grease. They drown everything in fats and their cajun spices to mask the mediocrity of their other ingredients. I would not recommend this place but it's not inedible.
5	Love the food, love the service. These guys are great! Definitely try the cajun fries.
5	Went here one time after driving by it thousands of times. Just had the taste for a good burger. I was shocked in a good way. Very well put together restaurant, simple enough menu, excellent staff (the girl on the register was in training even), and the food was ready very quickly and they were busy. The food was excellent btw. Excellent burger and fries.
4	Not to bad. Love the egg nog shake and the Apple pie shake! Chili cheese fries are good. Burgers are good. But still nothing compares to an In N Out burger on the west coast
3	Decent burgers but for the price you can get better in town.  The best reason to come here though is the cheese fries. Their cheese sauce is uhhh-mazing!  The staff is always very friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming and clean.  We eat here from time to time but since it ends up running about 30 bucks for two people we go here sparingly (or when we crave those cheese fries!!)I love that they give you sea salt grinders amd pepper grinders insteaf of the ol stuff we are all used to.  Nice touch.
5	I'm not a burger person, but Meatheads is freaking awesome. The cajun fries are awesome, too.
4	Service was great ! The food was pretty good ! I love their Cajun fries ! Those are amazing . The burger was decent but for the price I feel like it could have been better . For a meal including the drink you aren't going to walk out of there spending anything less right around ten dollars per person . So it can get very pricey !
4	Really fresh.  Hot.  Plenty of food.  Shakes yummy.  Nice clean friendly place.  Pretty busy for Sunday.   Will b back
5	Don't know how this place isn't 5 star across the board. I never was a burger person until my husband brought me here and I was hooked. Convenience of the drive thru when I've had a long day but still want a quality meal is what brings me back. We've been probably 25 times or more in the past year or so, John has taken care of us almost every time and goes above and beyond for us. The price isn't McDonald's for a reason guys... it's QUALITY and that's something you don't come across just anywhere. Fresh chicken strips, fresh fries, we've never once been served old food and that's what brings us back!! Consistently good quality every time, period.
