1	Avoid this place at all costs. Not only is the owner a complete snob, but the equipment is filthy and unsanitary. I was appalled by the snooty attitude of the owner - despite there being no one else in the salon, she acted like she was doing me a favor by "squeezing me in" without an appointment. She talked down to me the entire time and kept glaring at me while I nursed my infant daughter. Not one other person came in the whole time I was there.The pedicure footbath was obviously filthy when I sat down - with flakes of old skin everywhere and scum. She made a big show of scrubbing the tub before starting, but I should have left then and there because I developed a fungal nail infection within a few weeks of the visit.The cost was exorbitant for a mediocre pedicure and I've spent nearly as much treating the infection to boot.
2	Took a really long time to get the 'express' manicure (almost two hours).  We started my manicure half an hour late---I would have been more irritated if I had somewhere else to be.  The technician did an okay job, but for what it cost, I was not impressed.  Lasted just shy of two weeks.The salon is badly in need of updating.  Everything screamed 80s, particularly the decor.  On the upside, I got a free glass of wine and everyone was pleasant.
4	I'm way into shellace manicures this year. Shiny, durable and not that expensive. I had a good experience at Just Nails- easy scheduling, friendly technician, and it looked like everything was pretty clean. I noticed that they could upgrade the towels used in the pedicure room to cover the chairs, but that's pretty minor.
1	I've been here before and did have a OK experience. However, I went back to get a shellac polish change (I had nothing on my nails to begin with) and was SERIOUSLY put off. I will never go back.First off it took over an hour for a polish change. The lady doing my nails realized that she messed up half way through and had to fill off everything she had done and then start over. When we were finally through, my nails looked like a 9 year old did them. The polish didn't meet the bottom or sides of my nail. I showed a couple people at work and they were all amazed with how bad they looked. Even my boyfriend noticed that they looked like crap and he didn't even know I went to get them done. He just figured I did a bang up job on them, myself. I'd be OK with eh sub par job and the 70 minute polish change (making me late for work)... but I never received any sort of discount.Again - Never Going Back!
5	I've been going to Just Nails for years.  Jan will be missed by all. Hope that when she looks down from above, she knows that everthing is been taken care of.
1	Do they charge everyone $76 for a simple mani/pedi? I told my nail technician I was from Chicago and I think she glanced at my purse and just threw out that price to see if she could get away with it. Stunned, I paid $76 and tipped $10 because, being non-confrontational to strangers, I didn't know what else to do. I sat there for the next 15 minutes stewing while she finished painting my nails and searching for a website on my phone looking for listed prices (nothing was posted on the wall and of course they don't have a website). I feel extremely ripped off and taken advantage of and don't know where else to report this. On top of that It took longer than 2 hours and I reeked like dollar store lotion. Couldn't have been a worse experience. $76 for something that lasts a week. Just awful Nails.
1	Terrible experience!  Went in the day before my wedding, WITH an appointment for my mom and I to get a shellac manicure.  They started me 45 minutes late, as I can hear the owner trying to call a nail tech who apparently just didn't show. When I sat down, I asked if there was time for the French manicure I had wanted given the late start because I had my rehearsal to get to.  There wasn't.  So I picked a color.  She came back twice with the wrong color before I went over and started looking for it myself.  Turns out, the color was a combo of two colors (the owner had to inform the nail tech of that).  She made my cuticle bleed, so it was red and puffy the next day. And my mom couldn't even get hers done.  There wasn't time/staff available.  My shellac only lasted about a week. Again, a terrible experience and I do not recommend them.
5	Just Nails has changed their name to Kim's Nails. They're under new ownership and I couldn't be happier.  Rose, formerly at TC Nails, is now here. I had a shellac manicure and am very satisfied. Everything is extremely clean and sanitary and the technicians provide top notch service.
