4	Four Friends Brewing has been brewing beer longer than their friendly local competition Olde Mecklenburg Brewery.  However, their beer hasn't been as accessible and their brewery wasn't opened to the public until recently.The brewery is open from 2-5pm on Saturdays or whenever they feel like kicking you out. They will occasionally be open on holidays, so find them on Facebook for up to date info.  Don't come here expecting anything as refined as the OMB tap room.  Four Friends is tucked away an office park/industrial park area near Carowinds Blvd and South Tryon.  Upon entering, it almost feels as if you are in one of your friend's garages.  There is a makeshift bar with several beer snobs and Jon (one of the owners) happily dishes out samples.  There's the "Queen City Red", their flagship beer and a very good one.  There's "Uptown Brown" a 6.6% chocolaty beer.  Then there is the stuff for hops heads - Hops Turvey, Extinction and Double Extinction IPA (both Extinctions are over 9%).Then there is also experimental stuff like "Mint Street Madness" flavored with mangos and chili - it tasted much better than it sounds.  FFB is like Charlotte's own "Brewmasters.""Volunteers" help fill and cap the bottles and also fill growlers.  I recommend getting growlers because the capped bottles don't hold carbonation very long.  Four Friends Brewing may not be much aesthetically speaking, but they are cranking out some good beer along with Olde Mecklenburg Brewery and the other local breweries.  Stop by sometime on Saturday and say hi to Jon and Beth - you'll be treated like you've known them for 20 years.  Also, if you see their beer at restaurants/bars, buy one to support local beer!  Check their website for locations.  I recommend Brixx uptown on Tuesday where all Charlotte beers are $2.50 a pint.
4	Four Friends is Charlotte's second craft brewery. The tasting room, which is really just a small bar inside the brewery, is only open on Saturdays from 2-5ish. Very laid back atmosphere. Jon and Beth (two of the four friends) are very welcoming and make you feel right at home. They have 4-5 beers on tap: Bohemian Beauty (English Pale Ale), Queen City Red (Irish Red Ale), Uptown Brown (Brown Ale), Hopsy Turvy (IPA), and Extinction (American Strong Ale). They also have some small batch specialty beers like the apricot infused brown ale, and the chili mango Bohemian Beauty. They tend to lean toward more malty , understated English style beers, rather than in your face hoppy American styles. They seem to be building a following and getting their beers in local establishments. Always good to see local businesses thrive.
5	Let me start by saying...I think the reason it is called Four Friends is the fact that the owners have taken the time to create deep rooted relationships with the people that purchase their finely developed hand crafted beer - from bar owners to the local dude just buying a growler or two. The owners are very proud of their brew - and they should be - their beer ROCKS!! I enjoy their beer so much, it has started to affect the establishments I choose to take my money to around Charlotte - I will go to the Four Friends website to check out what places are carrying their beers and I will go there with some friends and enjoy food and of course Four Friends Beer.  (www.fourfriendsbrewing.com)Their business/brewing location is a no frills, gets the job done kind of place located in your run of the mill office park, but when you walk in on Saturdays from 2-5, you are greeted by a cool style pub bar with the smiling happy faces of two of the Four Friends owners, Jon & Beth. They make you feel like this is your place too and that is one of the things that makes them so special!Last night I sampled the Extinction (IIPA), unfiltered Queen City Red (yum yum!) and an exotic specialty batch of Mango & White Chili Powder (I think that is what Jon told me?)  I will go every Saturday that I can make it!  This is a great launching point for any Saturday evening activities around town.I see nothing but great things for this local craft brewery - and remember...SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESSES LIKE FOUR FRIENDS!!!!!
4	5 dollars gets you 36 ounces of freshly-brewed-in-house beer (choose from 4) and the rad plastic cups they come in.That's all you need to know, ya?
4	Still the same stars for the review, but the brewery is no longer open most Saturday's.  They will occasionally open, so like them on Facebook.  It seems the city of Charlotte wants more money from them when they open their doors as a retail establishment.  Big surprise.
5	Just experienced these guys for the first time at the Brewer's Ball to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis foundation.  It was an awesome way to get the word out about their beer while supporting an excellent cause! My favorite beer of the night was their Queen City Red.  Wow, these guys totally know what they're doing! David and I were totally impressed with their beer and look foward to going down to check out the tasting room!
5	3 words: Queen City Red. This beer has such a beautiful flavor! Smooth and delicious, I was completely won over at Brewer's Ball (it was tied with Noda Brewery Hop,Drop,Roll IPA)  . I will absolutely have to check out their tap room one of these days!
5	I have not been to Four Friends brewery yet, but was able to try their beers at VBGB. I was highly impressed by the quality and taste of the beers. They are certainly in my opinion on the top of the list for one of the best in North Carolina. I can not wait for additional beers to come out.
3	We had a good time drinking some beer at Four Friends. Don't know that we had an accurate impression of the place since it was filled with Santas, but the beers I tried gave me new hope. i love having another choice in local beer, but overall, Four Friends hasn't given me too much that i've overly enjoyed (Uptown Brown and I77 aren't my favorites). However, the i85 and their porter i had this weekend were pretty solid.Didn't appear to be an abundance of seating, but i don't think they're going for too much activity in the tap room being open just on Saturday. They are off the beaten path a little. i had no idea where they were located before this weekend. Turns out they are in southwest Charlotte, near Ayrsley.
5	First, I must say that I-77 IPA is one of my favorite IPAs in town. Anywhere I can find it on draught, it's a winner every time and definitely stakes it's claim as a high gravity. Absolutely fantastic beer. Made it to the brewery/taproom this weekend for the first time. These guys operate a little different than some of the other breweries in Charlotte. They open up the taproom for special occasions (new releases and events) and when they do, it's always fun to see people lined up around the row of taps. The warehouse-y setup is nestled off of Tryon a ways in the Steele Creek area. Not hard to find. Just follow your GPS/iPhone. Jon, leader of the bunch, is a great guy. Cranks out great beers that are amazing and pretty easy to find at some of the more crafty watering holes in the QC. Queen City Red, Blonde, I-77, seasonal 24K, Punkn' Brewster and Race Day have all been great. Race Day, released this weekend, is a much lighter and drinkable IPA. Unlike the HG I-77, this goes down easily with a meal or alongside a long conversation in the evening. AKA, you can drink multiple and still hope to drive home, haha. The taproom is small and humble. A true brewers taproom. Should you make it in to try some beers, they do take cards with a mobile reader. They offer some bottled beers and will fill growlers of anything they have on draught. Definitely one of my favorites! Love Four Friends and so happy to have them in Charlotte.
5	This place was my first foray into local breweries in North Carolina, and it was perfect. The tasting room is reminiscent of a garage that was converted into a hangout area. I make it sound a little lame, but it's the perfect down-to-earth, "have a beer at your house with friends" feel. The owners make you feel right at home, as well. At one point, we were offered pretzels with our beer. One of the owners even let me try a sour beer that his friend had given him. I didn't even know those existed before that moment. They love what they do and are happy to talk to you about it. So, enough about how great the atmosphere and owners are. Let's talk about the beer. When I was there, I tried all the beers they had on tap (did I forget to mention that they'll let you sample before you order if you're not sure which you want?) but ended up getting the Imperial Ale. I'm not a connoisseur of beer so I'm not going to get into what I liked about it, but I really enjoyed it. If I'm ever in town again when it's in season, I hope to try their Belgian Ale. Also, since I've been living in New York, the land of the expensive everything, I thought everything was relatively cheap! 4 dollars a pint!
5	Four Friends recently added a small tap room after taking over some space in the same building where they brew the beer.  The new tap room is slightly more refined, and the brewery itself is visible through the glass like most micro breweries.  The new tap room allows them to focus on brewing the beer in the brewery.  The new tap room is nice, and the beer is still good.
5	this is my favorite brewery in Charlotte it truly lives up to the friends in the name. the owner/brew-master john is always there and loves to talk beer. the beer itself is very good and can compete with any other brewery i have been too. the I77 is an excellent IPA that you can drink over and over again. it seems to many breweries are going over the top with the IPA's these days and its good to have one that doesn't blast your pallet for the next 48 hours. with many new beers always going through there is always something for everyone to try and enjoy, i highly recommend giving this place a try you will not be disappointed.
1	Saturday afternoon at 2:30 with a posted opening time of 2 pm.  Several cars came and went and doors are locked.  No way to run a business.
4	A modest, comfy tap room. Friendly service. None of the beers bowled me over but it was enjoyable. Love the doors re-purposed as table tops. They had complementary bags of potato chips to snack on. Five brews on tap plus a super small experimental batch that was chilling in the cooler. No complaints.
1	Arrived at 7:30 Friday night and it was.closed. I was looking forward to sampling some brews. Better call ahead to be sure they are open.
