5	Amazing selection, great atmosphere, cool local people and whenever my lady and I feel like smoking we always know Baxters is open.
5	If you're looking for a great relaxed cigar shop, this is the one.  This is the type of place where you immediately feel welcomed and the prices are very good too.  Joe, Nikki, and Rob give out spot on cigar advice from their large selection if you're not sure what you're looking for or want to try something new.  They even offer a military discount, which is a nice touch of class to go along with a complimentary glass of scotch or wine to enjoy with your cigar if you're going to hang out and smoke.  They even seem to enjoy staying open after their listed closing time so that you can continue enjoying that perfect cigar.  My wife and I feel like welcomed friends and not customers.
5	I love this place! Joe the owner and staff are friendly, helpful, engaging, fun, and put a premium on creating a memorable smoking experience. They have created a community of friends. Their location has plenty of amenities. Go to Trader Joe's or Whole Foods and bring back some food and beer and enjoy. There is plenty of people watching to take in. Stop by for a visit and you will know why the owners of some of the best cigar manufacturers love them.
5	I love this place! It has a really welcoming and fun atmosphere, and the customer service is unbeatable! The staff was extremely professional and knowledgable and helped me pick out the perfect gift for my boyfriend!I'm sure I'll be back soon!
5	This is the most friendly and comfortable cigar shop I've been to. The service is great and the staff are very attentive. They treat you like family, only better. ;)The energy is great and the seating is very comfortable. The regulars are really nice to chat with and there's always something cool to drink. It's a man and ladies' cave. Both will find it a fun and relaxed environment to cast off the day's troubles.The cigar selection is pretty broad and growing. You'll find a lot of the old staples and new up and comers.I highly recommend Baxter's.
5	Great place to hangout, with many amenities around the Towne and Country plaza. Great and friendly customer service with staff treating everyone with first class services, weather it's the first time or frequent customer. Complimentary coffee and water is a plus too!
5	Love this place.  Great staff and can always find a good conversation if you hang around to enjoy your purchase.  Everyone I've met there goes out of their way to be inclusive and welcome, which is pretty unique as far as I've experienced.The one occasion I've had a less than stellar purchase, Nikki went out of his way to make things right.  That, as well as their great selection has earned them a regular customer.The parking is a bit spotty at the moment, but should be better in a few weeks (I recommend parking in the north lot off Camelback until November).  Pretty good eats nearby as well, and good places to grab some snacks or beverages before heading to enjoy a good smoke.Can't recommend Baxter's enough!
5	Awesome shop.  Laid back and friendly atmosphere.  Owner Joe is a super guy and building a great business.  While I am only a visitor to the area, I will make it a point to go back to this shop.  I have been to 3-4 other cigar shops in the greater Phoenix area, and, to me, this stands far above the rest.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is small but AMAZING! Great customer service, great lounge to relax in and Joseph is so knowledgeable an nice!  I'm sold! Definitely a place I will continue to come to for a long time and will recommend to all of my friends.
5	You want a cigar, and you're somewhere in Phoenix?   Drive on over to Baxter's Cigars.  Even if it's a bit a way, I guarantee it's worth the drive.  Here's why:Selection: They have a good selection of all your standards. The humidor is well laid out and well stocked.  Lounge: They have a great lounge that feels like your front room.  Not only is the staff quick to greet you, but ALL the other customers are just downright good people.  You're going to feel comfortable and welcomed the moment you walk through the front door.  Two big screen TV's playing sports, a fridge with water and soft drinks, and some really comfortable chairs are at your disposal.  It's not the biggest of lounges in the valley, but what they lack for in size is made up by simply being comfortable and cozy.  Customer service: Let's face it, the Phoenix area is saturated with tons of places to grab and smoke a cigar.  What sets Baxter's apart is their employees and their attention to ensuring your time in the lounge is relaxing as possible.  Baxter's has a pretty cool vibe to it.  This is a great place for someone who's never had a cigar and just wants to check it all out.  Equally, great for someone like me that's been smoking longer than I care to admit.
5	I've had the privilege of being in the cigar community for nearly 12 years.  This is hands down the best cigar shop in the Phoenix (the Valley).  Conversation is good, cigar knowledge is high, events are scheduled regularly, and whether you are shopping for an individual stick or a plethora of boxes you will be welcome.
5	Great service, atmosphere, and selection. Joe, Emily, and Nicky are very attentive and make everyone feel welcome. Baxter's has created a community for smokers. Their motto is "if you're smokin', we're open." It's nice to know that you can enjoy your stick without having to worry if they are closing five minutes after lighting it.
5	Just went in looking for a Christmas present and they were so helpful and kind and friendly! Knew their stuff and answered all my questions. Super convenient location too! Thanks again guys!
