3	Weird name, but pretty good food. Typical Chinese-style buffet offerings, but with some Japanese specialties thrown in. Near ASU.
1	The manager didn't let my friend eat all you can eat "Crawfish" It was limited TWICE.  My friend and I went there a couple times and the first time my friend  was told by the maager that he could no longer have anymore crawfish after several trips to the crawfish dish. A year passed and we thought we'd give them one last shot.  This time they WOULDN'T refill the crawfish when it was gone.  We had went up there 3 times to fill up our tray and I guess they thought that was enough and told us NO WE WON'T REFILL THE CRAWFISH even after we asked nicely.  Whatever happened to ALL YOU CAN EAT? Well we found a better place that actually seasoned their crawfish with a spicy flavor and it is delicious! We go there almost every other weekend and get to eat ALL WE CAN EAT CRAWFISH! This new place had better service and better crawfish. I guess one good thing came out of this - we found a better place with better crawfish.
5	The first reviewer said this was near ASU-- totally incorrect, it is not anywhere near ASU. It is near Elliott and the I-10, almost to Chanlder. That said, this place IS crazy or at least eclectic. Where else could you get sushi, apple strudel, braised chicken feet, chicken teriyaki, kim chi AND a nice ice cream desert? All for just over $7 for lunch. The food is generally excellent, with the proviso that you get there before 1pm. After about 1pm, the buffet gets pretty picked over and since very few people are eating anymore, it isnt replenished as quickly as one might like.BUT, the sushi is fresh, the strudel hot, the egg drop and won ton soup is great, as is the chicken feet (if you like that sort of thing), crab salad, pizza (I forgot about that earlier) as well as the other mostly chinese dishes available. No matter what you are in the mood for, it is here, at the Crazy Buffet.
4	This is one of my favorite chinese places! I love to take my mom here. We have very different ideas of what good Chinese food is and this place leaves us both satisfied. It's very affordable - I think it's around $10 per person for dinner and that includes all you can eat Sushi!! ^0^ I love the soups and sauteed entrees, they're very good. In the back corner, there's the specialty items!! Some of them are dishes are a little too exotic for me but they smell amazing!! someday I'll get the gumption to try them! I would totally recommend this place to anyone who likes chinese food! It's a little hidden in a strip mall location. They have awesome sushi and I especially love nigiri! :) and all your time tested chinese-american favorites as well as some thing you've never seen before! oh! and ICE CREAM!! whoo!! who doesn't want to end a meal with all you can eat dryer's ice cream??? Go and get a little crazy!! :)
3	This place is a favorite for me and the work buddies. It is under $10 bucks, and you can help yourself to a good selection of salad, fruit, Chinese and Japanese entrees. I usually start with a salad and work my way through California rolls to beef and broccoli or orange chicken. Service is OK, but it is to be expected with so many customers coming and going. This is a great place for grub, but it may put you to sleep once you get back to the office.
5	What's better than a buffet?  Eat.  Eat.  Eat.  No one can tell you to stop.  And the food just...doesn't...run...out.  Seriously, this buffet has excellent food.  What good is all you can eat if what you're eating is nasty?  I thoroughly went through each entree they serve and I can honestly say that each is tasty.  All sauces were right on - no overpowering knock your socks off in a bad way kind of stuff.  Meats were juicy, or crunchy, whichever they are supposed to be.  I didn't try any of the soups as they are not my thing.  They even have a made-to-order grill and plenty of sushi choices.  The set up is great.  I think there are like 4 main rows of grub, and then there is the specialty section in the back along with the deserts.  Yes, they have chicken feet!  The dining area is roomy and open, enough room for people to march back and forth with over-heaping plates of goodness and not run into eachother.  Haven't visited the bathroom yet...can't comment.One thing that i want to point out that is very important is that during dinner hours, food is replenished at an AWESOME rate.  I love fried shrimp, and I usually end up putting most of the vat on my plate.  My cousin also loves them, and I rubbed it in that I had got them all before he could get to em'.  But he came back to the table about 2 minutes later with a plate full of fresh, hot shrimpies.  The same goes for all the food, even the fruit and jello, which are sometimes left for dead out there at some buffets. Service?  Its a buffet.  All they need to do is seat you, bring your drinks, and smile.  Done, done, and done.  No complaints.  We asked our server to split the bill like 10,000 ways and he didn't even blink.  I guess I'm cheap.  And $13 is a little steep.  I know most people have no problem with that price, and I probably shouldn't either, especially considering how great the food is.  Ah, I'm just a penny-pincher.
2	my husband and I ate here last night for the first time after living down the street from this place for nearly three years.The food is ok, but I've definitley had better Chinese food. The won ton soup was not very good. The broth was a bright yellow color which should have been my clue that it wasn't going to taste too good. The won tons were too doughy and after a few spoonfuls I was done. The lo mein, stuffed mushrooms and the california rolls were decent. One thing I did not get, but my husband tried out was chicken feet. Yep, a claw! It made me sick just looking at this claw on his plate. He said it wasn't very good. I didn't use the bathroom here, but my husband did and he said the bathroom alone made him never want to go back to this place. He said it was filthy and run down.Also the ice cream scooper in the dessert area had been sitting in a bucket of ice cream water and my husband said it looked as if there were teeth marks on the scooper. I just envisioned some little kid gnawing on the scooper at some point for it to look like that. This place wasn't horrible, the service was friendly and I'm sure if I ever have the beer munchies I would hit this place up.
3	We first discovered Crazy Buffet back in Albuquerque. That location only lasted a few months, however, and we were pretty disappointed when it closed down. So we were pretty excited when we found out there was one here. I will say, however, for a Chinese buffet, this place is a bit pricey.We've been to this location a couple of times. The food is pretty much what you expect for a Chinese buffet. Mediocre, mass-produced fried rice, appetizers and such. The thing that makes this place stand out amongst other Chinese buffets for us is the sushi. The sushi is actually pretty darn good here. The pieces are decently sized, the rice not too tacky or too loose. And you can eat as much as you'd like. No, it's not the best sushi in the world...but when you can't afford to go to a decent sushi place or you've got a hankering for a mish-mash of various Chinese dishes mixed in with some random American favorites (pizza &amp; chicken wings)...this is a pretty good place to go.One thing that did disturb me a little last time we went (I hadn't been paying as much attention the previous visit) was just how much this place seems to be falling apart. Wallpaper peeling off the walls...that sort of thing. Kinda makes you wonder about sanitation, mold and all that gross stuff.
4	This place is defenantly worth the money. The best is they include all you can eat peel-and-eat shrimp. The food was good and the place was clean and the servers were very attentive. Not the type place to take someone to impress them, but a great place if you are hungry for some Chinese.
4	Yes, I'm a fan this place but it definitely does not deserve a 5 star rating.  First off lets start with the decor.  While it was very nice when it first opened it's now getting a little raggedy looking and could use some updating.  Food wise this buffet is above average and definitely worth a visit.   If I could give them some advice it would be to get rid of  the HUGE salad buffet section or at least scale it way down and put that money into even more entree selections.  I've been coming here ever since they opened and hardly ever see anyone eating off the salad section.  So why spend so much money to have such a huge selection???   Put that money into the entree selection and make this place an even better value.  And for Gods sake bring back the Mayonnaise Shrimp !!  You made one of the best versions I've ever tasted.
3	I met a client here for lunch yesterday. It was his choice and since I really enjoy working with him and consider him a Friend; I figured why not. Easy parking that's for sure. Nice big dining room that does not feel cramped, seemed clean too. A lot to choose from as far as food goes. The wait person was smiling and checked on our drinks often. What I ate was decent, but did not eat much since I was talking and talking and talking. So it for me is worth another visit when I am not planning on talking so much and get to try more of the food. So yeah I will be back..........
2	In Short: Selection is average, the taste could be better.  Try the hot pot on the weekend, probably the best thing there.The best thing about it is the spacious atmosphere, where you are not packed in like sardines.  The selection is about average to any other buffet.  You can find the typical chinese selections, some sushi, and dessert.  Only thing is that it's all oily and salty, flavor of the ingredients are lost in thick sauces.  It's fairly cheap so if you just want to stuff your stomach with random food, it's perfectly fine.One thing that does set this place apart is the ho pot.  I think it's only available on the weekends but I maybe wrong.  They provide you with a burner and either spicy or mild flavored stew.  Then you can pick your veggies and meats, then have at it.
4	If you are a fan of buffets, you should like Crazy Buffet. Lots of selection, comfortable surroundings and good service. I consider the food quality to be better than average but for me the thing that makes Crazy stand out is their sushi, made fresh and a good selection.
4	This is a nice buffet with a decent selection. I like to go on the weekends for the seared tuna but it is very good for lunch also. They have a decent selection of sushi, lots of chinese food, shrimp, crayfish, and imitation crab, etc. They also have a very nice salad bar. The service here has always been very good, they are very nice and kept my glass full. It is pretty inexpensive, about $18 plus tip for two people at lunch. Overall a better than average buffet experiance, I will continue to eat here.
4	I stopped here for lunch today planning to get take out, but when I found out they charge by the pound, I figured I might as well eat in.  I was dining solo and had some studying to do....it was busy but not too noisy and beverage service was very prompt.I would have to agree that many of the traditional entrees are greasy.  This seems to be standard and typical with most buffets and small, divey chinese joints.  I tend to steer clear of these items as I enjoy fresher, lighter food ,and I found plenty of selection here.  Starting off with cucumber salad, seaweed salad (good if you like unusual flavors and textures), sushi, shrimp/squid entrees, grilled chicken w/ spicey chinese BBQ sauce, jasmine rice etc.   There were plenty of fried items if that's your thing which actually looked fairly appetizing and the desert selection seemed very adequate.
4	The buffet is a good value for $12.99 (weekend dinner price).  There were at least 8 sushi rolls and 4 sashimi choices.  Seafood items included oysters (freshness questionable, but I did not get sick), mussels (baked, cold), shrimp (peel and eat, fried), steamed crab legs (a little salty), crawfish, and assorted fish.  I was very surprised at how often they refilled the crab legs.  No more fighting your fellow diner for the last leg.  Then there were the typical Chinese buffet dishes such as sweet and sour chicken, broccoli beef, dim sum, mushroom chicken, beef short ribs, etc.  Lastly, for dessert, around 8 ice cream flavors, puddings, fruits, and a small selection of pastries.  Beers cost less then $3 for both domestic and imports.  The sitting area was clean and the wait staff quick about clearing tables.  The quality of the food is comparable to all the other Chinese buffets in the area and I didn't expect anything different for the price.  Overall, I was satisfied with my meal and would return again.
4	Crazy here is a large restaurant, but decorated properly so it's not a warehouse (like Peter Piper Pizza, for instance).  It's nice inside, there was a good crowd for lunch, & my chosen booth was completely comfortable.The food selection here is enormous!  I stopped counting at 130 items plus condiments, dressings, & so on.  Needless to say, they have "everything"!  So why do they call it "Crazy Buffet"?  Besides their offering so much that I don't see how they could ever make any money, wait 'til you see the CRAZY stuff in the covered silver kettles near the EIGHT choices of all-you-can-eat DRYER'S ICE CREAM!   :-))Some things are a little greasy but I'm a fan anyway!  Lunch Buffet $7.99, Sr. $7.19
5	One of my favorite places to go! They even have crab legs, good sushi, and real ice cream in gallon buckets. It satisfies my sushi, chicken and crab cravings. This place is pretty good size, rather dark but some like that sort of thing. :)
2	I have eaten at several chinese buffets all around town.  I decided on this one based on other reviews here.  I found the food to be OK - not anything really spectacular.  The sushi did not taste fresh, and the rice was a little old.  I was surprised by this considering we went there for dinner on a Friday night.  I probably won't be eating there again.
3	This was a decent buffet.I enjoy the fact that they have a mongolian style flat top, for cooking your selections, but the food came off tasting a bit bitter. Perhaps it's time to scrub the griddle.They had a nice selection of asian-style cuisine, spanning from Japanese to Chinese, and a bit of Thai.They had sushi. It wasn't high-grade sushi, but it's all you can eat. How can that be bad?And really the sushi was pretty good. There was a sushi chef present, and watching him make a few loaves, he clearly knows what he's doing.It's also a good place for families with picky eaters, as they have some selections of non-asian dishes available; pizza, fried chicken, garlic bread, deviled eggs, etc.They had quite an extensive selection of dessert items; cake, pudding, jello, pie, fruit, and ice cream.Service was pretty good; they kept my drink full, and removed empty plates quickly.They have a very large dining room, and an additional large back room that would be perfect for groups.I would go back, but not very often, as it's about a 40 minute drive from where I live.But if I was in the area, and hungry, I'd go there.
2	I have been here numerous times before and consistently liked it. This time, I am soooo bummed out about the food. We got here yesterday, 5 minutes after they opened and we were looking forward to hot, freshly made food. Was it hot and freshly made? Hmmm, not so much. The food looked good but when I took a bite, everything that should be fried was a little soggy and stale tasting. And all of the food was lukewarm, not hot. We ate some of their garlic blue crab and the shells were caked in garlic salt and brittle which concerns me. The selection is varied, looks good and there is a lot to choose from. But I don't want to walk in a just opened restaraunt and eat food that tastes like it was microwaved from the night before. Yuck.
4	Ever since moving to Tucson, I've visited my parents who live in the Chanlder/Pheonix area.  Every time I drive up, they always suggest that we go to Crazy Buffet for dinner.  Now, I'm not a fan of buffet - insert here images of hastily cooked, calorie dense food items - but for this place I make an exception.  The reason being, I come here for the all-you-can-eat crab legs.The rest of the food is ordinary Chinese buffet type foods, broccoli and beef, the mayo-oyster thing, stir fried beans, 1-2 run of the mill dim sum and sushi (think california rolls), ice cream (I do not go out to eat ice cream that I already have in my freezer), and bland-looking cookies and fruit.  But the all-you-can-eat crab legs!Whenever I go with my family, we immediately go and fill up a platter with steamed crab legs and start digging in.  Eventually, we are up to our elbow in crab shells.  Other places, I've had steamed crab that is either too salty (why?) or rubbery or just off in taste but this is not the case here.  I usually don't eat too much else of anything offered at the buffet (why pay $18 for ordinary Americanized Chinese food?).  I usually end my gorging of crab by a couple of bites of the orange slices and call it day!  The wait staff is totally nice and I've never gotten a dirty look when I come back to my table with a plate laden with crab legs... They actually are really nice and quick about clearing away used plates, refilling drinks, etc.Oh, they only have the crab legs at dinner time, NOT lunch time!A favorite trick of my to eating crab legs... take a segment, crack it gently down the middle and pry open the two halves.  You can then fish out the crab all in one piece!  Delicious!
3	Great Hangover food. Honestly, I'm not a fatty but after a good night of drinking I would like to have a good meal with as much food as possible. Some of the stuff at Crazy Buffet wasn't awesome but they had enough choices and staff where you could go back and get the same thing fresh when they changed it out. Their Hot & Sour soup was good, sushi was actually really good for what you'd expect for a buffet (they had similar rolls to RA for a cheaper$), sauteed veggies and Mongolian style BBQ was great. For under $10 for a wkend lunch, totally worth it.
5	It's been almost six months since I reviewed Crazy here, so it seemed time to do an update.  This was always a real good place, but the big news now is that they just added a Mongolian BBQ!  SOOOO, here goes:I joined HUNDREDS of customers in this big place today, for a weekday lunch at 1 PM!!  After getting situated in a completely comfortable booth, I started digging into what is now OVER 150 FOOD CHOICES (not counting sauces & dressings).  I had some good Hot & Sour Soup, good Sushi from a generous, just made selection, salad with a zillion toppings, all different kinds of fruit, two different kinds of Seafood Salad, & some tasty Bow Tie Seaweed.Next it was on to the new Mongolian BBQ, with shrimp, lamb, beef, pork, chicken, & lots of veggies & fruit to add in.  I asked the chef to just sauce it up the way HE likes it (& "a little spicy"), & it was great!  I think the Mongolian BBQ would make this place 5-Stars if they didn't have anything else!After that, more great tastes were on hand all over the place...  the fried chicken, the fried Zucchini, the ribs, & on & on, until you finally squeeze in some of their zillion desserts, including eight flavors of REAL ice cream.This place is SERIOUSLY GOOD these days!  Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
4	Food is awesome and fresh, but let's be serious....we come for the CRAB LEGS!!!! Always available and huge and salted and steamed just right! We still can't believe they've kept their prices down considering how much crab flows through this place. Sushi bar is decent, seafood selection is good....ice cream bar is a nice touch....Bathrooms could be kept up more, but wait staff is attentive when its brought up to them.....
3	I dislike when any restaurant changes recipes on something that was tasty to begin with.  They did that here with their fried shrimp.  Fried shrimp is not something you need mess with in the first place...but they messed.  Messed up.  It now has some type of black pepper batter...and the shrimp don't taste like shrimp, but like those cheap budget packages of chicken nuggets you got from the grocery store when you were broke.  That was a huge let down, as I am known to heap fried shrimp on my plate...even after I've had enough twice over.The Mongolian BBQ was a big let down as well.  Its very small in the corner with so few selections that I almost felt sorry for the place.  But then I realized that the owners couldn't possibly NOT know what makes a good Mongolian bbq.   I then felt like they just didn't put the care into it that they should've.The cook was tired, and it showed.  And it wasn't clean back there like it should've been.The last straw was the biggest straw in the history of straws....they didn't have any duck.  If I eat anything else here more than the shrimp, its the duck.  And they didn't have it on a Saturday night.  I was so disappointed.  I wanted to....to pout.In the absence of the duck, I piled my plate high with crab legs.  Not really good.  They weren't sweet.  Way too rubbery.I was disappointed.  But the night before, we went to New China Buffet on Southern...and it was so horrible that car tires would've tasted better.  So this is still not as bad as that place, but Crazy is getting crazy, and not the good crazy. I hope this was just an off night.
4	It's like Panda Express, with extra salt. However, the crab legs are legit and HOW MUCH??? THIRTEEN BUCKS??!?!? CRAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY ZEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Crazy price, crazy buffet!  They have a very large selection of seafood, including nigiri sushi, sushi rolls, sashimi, baked salmon, various shellfish, including large and flavorful snow crab legs.  They are quick at refilling the stations too, even with the more expensive items like the sashimi and crab legs.  They also have a Mongolian bbq station, your standard Chinese food buffet fare, and a wide selection of fruits, including some canned Asian style fruit like lychee and longan.  Service is good and drinks and dishes are attended to regularly.  Also, in the mail there is often a 30% off total bill coupon in the Clipper coupon magazine which makes dinner (usually $12.99) an even better deal.
4	Went back again and the food and price are still good!
5	This is my family's(6 of us) most favorite place to eat out.    What makes this place different than other Chinese buffet is that it offers "MONGOLIAN BBQ" grill cooking.   Although it needs some improvement on variety of vegetables & its freshness, we like it enough to keep coming back to this place rather than going to other Chinese buffet.   Without Mongolian BBQ?   Well, I'll probably come back but not as often as now.   I can say that I'm coming because of Mongolian BBQ!!
3	Yes very salty, It's like Panda Express. But the crab legs flow like water there and they are never overcooked. Plus you never really have to fight over the crab legs like other buffets.  The food is good. And they have lots of sushi that is endless.
2	This buffet sucks, the only thing I like is their coconut shrimp. They don't have orange chicken or General Zao's chicken, something every chinese place has. I went there for their dinner buffet. For 2 people 35 bucks, pricey for a buffet that wasn't that good.They also have real ice cream, but I wouldn't touch it. The ice cream is in 5 gallon buckets that you scoop. Peoples arms are all in it, not very sanitary. Not to mention the ice cream scoop sits in dirty water. I can't imagine that would pass health code. This buffet should of been $15 for 2 people. I had much better Chinese buffets.
4	i like that they sell food by the pound. perfect for light eaters like me. the sushi by pound also makes a good snack.
4	I really can't say enough about this place; clean, with rather prompt service(although several of my servers clearly don't know English, and I had to hope a manager was around to interpret the fact that I need an entire carafe of water).their variety is fantastic--sushi(I prefer the deep-fried rolls--but be careful, it's hit-or-miss with some of the fish in the sushi rolls), endless crab legs on Fridays, tons of dumplings, shumai, scallion pancakes, rangoons, wontons, fresh fruit and edamame, etc etc
5	....LOVE this place!  ...Out of ALL of the Chinese Buffet places I've been to, this one has been the best, with the biggest selection! ...Lots of booths to sit at. The Food is always good.
1	I honestly don't know if the previous reviewers have actually ever tasted proper Chinese food, but this place is disgusting. My wife and I came here solely on recommendations from Yelp! We have never been steered wrong before but I think the reviewers of this establishment have NO idea what they are talking about.Not only was everything slathered in grease and corn syrup (if you've cut High Fructose Corn Syrup out of your diet you will know exactly what I mean), but it was either overcooked or completely devoid of anything edible. I tried a little bit of everything to make sure it wasn't just one dish, but everything was consistently terrible.  Their teriyaki chicken had nothing but sugar-coated skin and fat in the pieces served (Gross!!!)Everything was bland and had no flavor other than the horribly sweet sauces they poured on everything. The sushi bar was adequate for an all-you-can-eat establishment, but that did not save the $13/person meal (not including drinks) that we unfortunately had to pay for. I also have to say that basing a restaurant's overall rating on that amount of seating available is just absurd. If I'm going to shell out my hard-earned money I could care less if there are lots of booths to sit at. The food needs to be good and anyone who considers this food anywhere close to enjoyable should have their Yelp! accounts deactivated (if that's possible).DO NOT GO HERE! SAVE YOUR MONEY! There's a YCs Mongolian Grill down the street if you want decent food.
5	I still eat here regularly & love this place to pieces!  Today, for instance, I came for lunch, joined by Mike C.  The food, service, atmosphere, & everything else was just stellar!  We're talking the world's best Egg Foo Young, for example... or how about Oyster Sushi Rolls?  How about TEN different kinds of ICE CREAM, to go with your CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES, & your CHEESE CAKE, if you have room after the BEST MONGOLIAN BBQ IN THE VALLEY!! ?  On top of all this, it's still only $7.99/$7.19 Sr.Woohoo!     :-))
1	This is normally our fav place to eat - normally good sushi and great crab legs. Normally... last night EVERYTHING had been out for too long. The sushi rice was hard, the crab meat was grey inside the legs. Service at the table was great, but the food was horrible!  We likely won't return.
3	Chinese buffets are gross things. There's a reason they're cheap, folks. So - graded on a curve - this is one of the best. Note that I'm not saying it has great Chinese food, I'm saying by the godawful standards of cheap Chinese buffets everywhere, this is one you could actually eat at once in awhile without having your Hep A vaccination updated.The positives:- HUGE variety - biggest I've seen - including Cantonese dim sum, which is a rarity and a great surprise. Big sushi bar too (but no way I'm eating raw fish at a cheap Chinese buffet).- Good turnover of customers even outside lunch/dinner hours, so the food isn't quite so dried up and gloppy relative to other buffets.Negatives:I left my iPhone on the table one day. I caught my mistake 15 minutes later, but upon my return not a soul had seen any trace of it even though my table had been cleared. The next day I used GPS to locate it - at a home about one mile from the restaurant. I called the manager, described the neighborhood, and asked if anyone in the restaurant lived in this neightborhood? I'd hate to involve the police, etc...  Lo and behold, within an hour it was determined that the "cleaning company" had found it in the bathroom, and the "cleaners" had now brought the phone back, and the "cleaners" had been duly chastised. Right....
1	so gross.  I was expecting something on par with Pacific Seafood buffet, as it is priced the same, and has similar praise on yelp.. SO GROSS.  They have a dude standing around playing with sushi, making it seem fresh, when in fact it's pre-sliced, in plastic tubs, and has been sitting around since...????  I'm doing a low-carb diet, and was expecting a wide array of edible seafood, and other meats, but there really wasn't much to choose from, which meant that I ate.. carbs.. which happens sometimes.. no big deal. BUT WTF even their fried carby things were really terrible. The crab legs were cold, and tasted like a wet bathing suit that had been balled up in a bag for 3 days. Everything sucked. Boo, Crazy Buffet. Boo. ALSO. desserts next to raw oysters? that just struck me as odd...
4	This is my favorite Asian food buffet. Why?Good:Sushi - Sashimi, Rolls, Deep Fried Rolls, Nigiri. - Basically anything your little heart desires. The quality is good here (not great, it's a buffet after all). It's constantly being turned over, and for the price you pay, it's pretty amazing.Crab Legs - I don't think I am the first to remark that you get ALL you can eat crab legs here. Crab Legs...all you can eat.Dreyer's Ice Cream - Ice Cream is bomb, and here they have 8 or so flavors to try. Green Tea Ice Cream Yum!Salad Bar - I say this because they have KimChee and Squid Salad (their version of it). Which is pretty cool. Also - try the banana cookie strawberry pudding (TRUST ME).Mongolian Grill - It's all you can eat Mongolian Grill with choices like: Lamb, Squid, Chicken, Beef, Shrimp. They also have crawfish and oysters on the half shell if you're so inclined.Beer, sake, wine is also served  : )The Bad:Now, Truth folks ... If you're craving Beef with Broccoli, or Orange Chicken - Go elsewhere. Those dishes don't look the best, and those who I dine with have never raved about them. I like their soups, green beans, mini dum sum situation...but their fried rice looked bleh, and the beef looked rubbery and subpar. Also bad, kinda dirty (so don't inspect things too much).Bottom Line-If you're going out for cheap sushi, crab legs, Non- Americanized Asian items and/or Mongolian grill,..and maybe wanna get a little buzz going on while doing so...you've found a the spot.
1	This place just keeps going down, and their prices keep coming up. Their sushi used to be good. The rolls were obviously from another day, or frozen, or something. Bad bad, My drink didn't come until after my second helping of cold fried rice. Who messes up fried rice?? I was so pissed I left without ice cream, then got my bill. 18$ are you out of your mind? I could have eaten three times at Golden Eggroll for that! Garbage. Crab legs, garbage. Sushi, garbage. Chicken, garbage. Service, you guessed it trash. Never going back.
3	You can enjoy large varityof chinese food ( dim sum..) sushi and mongolian BBQ that can satify your big stomach. But one thing they really need to improve is the cleaness of the restroom. Hopefully when I come back next time the restroom wont be a mess
3	I am not a fan of buffets but my husband is so I let him drag me here one afternoon when we were both starving and needed a big meal. I was greatly impressed with the variety of food offered. I think pretty much everyone will find something they like here. As for the quality of the food, some items were on par with other buffets and others were slightly better. The chicken-on-stick was by far the best item I tried. There were some dishes that had been sitting out too long, which is not surprising since we came here in between the lunch and dinner hours. I did notice that they would not remove a dish and replace it with fresh food until every last piece of the item was gone which always concerns me at a buffet because foods should be replaced after a certain amount of time regardless of how much is left. Overall, I would not come here again. I am a quality over quantity kind of girl (usually) and so I did not think it was worth the money. I would rather pay the same amount for better food that is not all-you-can-eat. However, when I compare apples-to-apples this place is better than most buffets because of the variety offered and the ice cream.
1	Don't listen to these four and five star reviews, especially Rand H.. Listen to me! I'm warning you now, this place is beyond disgusting. My boyfriend and I decided to eat here after reading some positive reviews on yelp. I kid you not, this is one of the worst places I have ever eaten! Upon entering crazy buffet, I was initially pleasantly surprised because it was bigger than I had expected and had a lot of options to choose from. Once I sat down and took a bite out of my fully loaded plate I knew immediately that I had made a terrible mistake. I literally tried everything, in an attempt to find something that was edible. The fried rice and lo mein tasted like old fish. Every chicken dish was really oily and flavorless. Don't even get me started on the fish! I'm pretty sure that most of the fish in there was fake. The crab legs looked old and dry and like they could be made of plastic. The biggest tragedy of all was when the check came. $34 for two people and we barely even ate anything! There has never a time that I have felt so cheated. I really wanted to dine and dash but my boyfriend wouldn't let me. Do yourself a favor and go eat at Oregano's across the street, they've got good food and pizookies!
3	I would say the 1 stars are a little harsh. I'm not gonna lie, I like a good buffet, and the fact that this place has a lot of variety helps in the star department, period.The seafood is average, and actually.. I wouldn't recommend the oysters. Kinda scary. The sushi and sashimi weren't super fresh, sushi-bar style, but there was a variety and the servers were always replenishing.There was a LOT of different kinds of chicken. Chicken-on-a-stick, terikyaki chicken, bbq chicken, you name it. Service was good, there was always someone coming around taking away plates, refilling water. All in all it was just an average experience, because there was nothing particularly memorable OR dissatisfying.
5	This is a BUFFET, not a gourmet restaurant, let's keep that in mind, people!  In comparison to buffets, this one is the king of the bunch.  It's heads and shoulders above any Golden Corral/Country Harvest Buffet/CiCi's Pizza.  They have an amazing variety of asian foods - sushi, chinese dishes, soups, mongolian barbeque, a huge salad bar, desserts, and best of all? ALL U EAT CRAB LEGS!!!! I've a frequent visitor to Joe's Crab Shack and Red Lobster, but none are worth it compared to here.  Between 2 people @ Joe's/Red Lobster it's easy to drop $90-$100 and only get about 6 crab legs and a filet of fish, whereas $25-$30 @ Crazy Buffet will get you all the crab legs, popcorn shrimp, and sushi you crave.  Easily the best buffet in the Valley.
1	Let me just start by saying I made a yelp account just to rate this restaurant.My husband and I used to go to Great China buffet on Cactus, but unfortunately they closed a few months ago.  We were really in the mood for Chinese buffet tonight, so I went on Yelp to see if I could find one.  The review for Crazy buffet looked pretty good and after I saw it was Rand H's #1 pick for Chinese buffets we decided to give it a try.  When we got there the hostess and one of the waitresses stood at the counter chatting for nearly 5 minutes before they stopped their conversation to seat us.  We started off with some sushi.  It was OK.  Not horrible but not really great either.  Then we tried the hot items.  Every chicken dish was horrible.  The chicken was dry dry dry!!  I tried stab a piece of teriyaki chicken with my fork and it was so hard it just went flying off my plate.  All of the sauces were terrible too.  They all tasted similar, like a bottle of syrup had been dumped over a pile of overcooked chicken.  Normally our favorite thing to eat at a Chinese buffet is shrimp.  The shrimp dishes we tried were awful.  The salt and pepper shrimp was rubbery.  The fried shrimp were 80% breading and hard as rocks, the tartar sauce was absolutely disgusting too.  It tasted like mayonnaise with a cup of sugar thrown into it.  The only edible item was the butter shrimp.  The fried rice and chow mien were both tasteless.  The rangoons were OK.  The egg rolls were horrible.  They were soggy and tasted like nothing.All of this was pretty bad but I have to say I think the worst thing we tried was the hot and sour soup.  My husband got a bowl and I took a taste of it.  It tasted like lemon water with peppers in it.We've been to other buffets since Great China closed.  None of them were good, but what really compelled me to write this review is what happened when we got the check.  They charged us almost $2 each for our drinks.  I have NEVER been to a buffet that charges for soda before in my life.  On our way out I looked at their price menu, there's no mention that drinks aren't included and no pricing for drinks.  I realize this is only $4 but it's the principle.  I feel cheated!!  Our check was almost $35!!  We could have gone to Jade Palace and had a meal we both actually enjoyed for that much!
3	I use to love this place until their prices went up and their food got spicier (sp?).  Someone over there loves the pepper. They do have the best crab legs for a buffet. They always keep the bin full not like other places that refill it every hour or so.  You can get yourself a good size portion and will not be disappointed. They have the best green tea ice cream there, even if its Dreyers, its always good and fresh. Very clean place and nice atmosphere. I just wish not all their dishes were spicy.
1	Meh. Seriously, meh. I would never have chosen to come here on my own but my office group picked here for our end-of-year luncheon so I was sort of obligated. It's just kind of....well....it's gross, frankly. I already get weirded out by buffets but this one was really gross. The "sushi" is so disgusting and nothing is labeled so you have no idea what you're even putting on your plate since many of them are fried, which means they are soggy since they've been sitting out god knows how long. The order to things is bizarre. They have donuts next to shrimp next to fried rice and apple pie next to pizza but then they have a whole separate section for desserts? The food was bland, oily and lukewarm. Ugh, never again. If my work picks this place again, I'll feign the stomach flu.
2	Went for lunch yesterday with two friends.  I was a little disappointed with the food.  The pricing still has not changed much, although they advertise "new lower prices".  And of course, they still charge extra for the drink, even though their advertising coupons say "drink now included in meal purchase price".  WTF????My opinion is the entrees are not as good as before and the available choices are no better than the other cheap Chinese buffets.  Even though the prices are higher, Pacific Seafood Buffet is better and probably worth the higher price.However, the salad bar has some better salads on it --- Caesar salad, spinach salad, etc. etc.  And the other funny and amusing thing is they have a few Americanized dishes on the buffet that are pretty good.  They have a baked or roasted garlic/herb chicken dish that is pretty good and they have a pasta dish --- angel hair pasta with a cream and cheese sauce with shrimp in it that is pretty darn good.So I guess if I had the Caesar salad or spinach salad, the chicken, a serving of the angel hair with shrimp pasta, and the garlic bread, I could have had a nice big, satisfying Italian lunch.  And for the price, $9.00 in total, that would not be bad.Maybe I will do that the next time...........
3	I'm typically almost never a fan of the buffet dinner, as typically I find that the food is so-so at best.  Thus was the case for Crazy Buffet.  I started with the mongolian; however there really wasn't much variety to it.  Very bland.  I picked up what I thought was one spice, and after it was cooked realized it was something else.  My bad.  Next, went to look at the Chinese food.  If you like the fried/battered stuff, there was lots of options.  Nothing stood out there either.  Next, went on to the sushi, which is where I spent most of my dinner.  Was decent for a buffet place, but certainly not as good as sushi places that I've been to.Overall, it's a good option when you have a crowd and the request was a generic "Chinese" as they have a lot of options.
4	It's more 3.5 than 4 stars.You're typical Asian Buffet. I'd say it's similar to Pacific in Chandler. The booths need to be re-upholstered in my opinion, but service is decent.They have a mix of your normal greasy Chinese food options, a sushi bar selection with Sashimi and crab legs. It's fairly cheap for a buffet.
4	A very nice buffet. Had a sushi area and a Mongolian style grill in the back. Have a lot to choose from for a good price. Tried just about everything there and all was well done and tasty. I loved the selection of sushi they had and went back for more. The decor was open and bright and the place was clean....which puts it several steps above most buffets that are too densely packed or just plain filthy. Would recommend going to this place.
5	Great variety.  Great price!  Beats other buffets in the East Valley.
3	The place was all right. I liked that they had a wide array of food to choose from, I just wish it were consistent and better. Some of the food, I found to be off, which could be a bit too salty, a bit too bland, a bit oddly tasting, or a bit cold for my liking. I appreciate that there was a mongolian grill, but I wish there were more options for me to put in my stir fry. The sushi, overall, was ok. I knew it was fresh, since there was a sushi chef there, putting sushi out. The sushi was hit or miss; I found some of it to be pretty decent and some to be kinda salty. The dessert pastries were dry, almost hard and their cheesecake was still a bit too hard from being frozen. The service was okay as well. It wasn't bad, but at some point in the visit, we had a few plates pile up and empty cups on the table for a bit before anyone came over to remove them or refill. So in comparison to other buffets, this one was just all right. It wasn't spectacular and it wasn't horrible; I would come back and maybe give this place another chance.
3	I came here countless times for lunch on half-days during my high school years, and  this place was always the premier destination for my group of friends. I always started off with an enormous plate of sushi and some hot and sour soup. Then, I'd go through the dishes and pick heaping amounts of whatever I craved that day. At the end of the meal, there was always buckets of ice cream to try out. After high school, I realized that the quality of the food is fairly mediocre, and I rarely go anymore. However, it's always a fun place to go if you're with a group of people who just want to hang out, relax, and eat as much as you want.Overall, Crazy Buffet offers a variety of filling food and is a perfect destination for anyone who wants buffet food for relatively cheap.
4	Crab legs, yum! Those big long orange things that require nut crackers to navigate-they've got 'em! Mussels, salmon, shumai (that steamed snacky stuff)-they got 'em! A huge salad bar-check! Mongolian BBQ-check! Sushi bar-check! And rows and rows of other Chinese entrees, from ribs to vegetable dishes, beef and chicken dishes galore, chicken on a stick, you-name-it! Dessert-check. They have not only fruits and puddings and cakey things, but also ice cream and sherbet and soft ice cream. It's Crazy! That is, Crazy Buffet!There is something for everyone here. It was decently prepared and pretty fresh, too. TIP: if you are a senior, ask for the senior discount. It is not posted. Range for dinner as of this writing: $11.99 or low $10 range for seniors over 60. Seating is huge: a group would do well here. They even have a special room that has doors that close for private functions.Location is kind of set back in a strip mall, in the corner. Not so easy to see from the road, so look for it. Easy parking. Our server (mostly for drinks) was very friendly and accommodating to the many children surrounding us (I had some wee company visiting me from the neighboring booth while eating).
4	I hate buffets but I love this place.  All the food is delicious and the endless oysters is enough to make me go back!
4	Stopped in here today with Robyn N. for the Lunch Buffet.  Things have slipped just slightly from the best it has been here, as the Mongolian BBQ which used to have 8 meats (!) is not down to five, & the total food item count is down to 140 from it's peak of 150, not counting sauces & dressings.  ALSO, some of the other Chinese Buffets around the Valley such as certain locations of Hibachi & China City are just so good that the competition is really getting tough for this long-established place.With that said, Crazy Buffet here slips down to 4 Stars for right now, but I'm certainly still a fan of this friendly, comfortable place that serves up delicious food at a reasonable price, and still including TEN kinds of ice cream!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
3	As far as Chinese buffets go, this one is just okay.  Nothing really stood out to me, the food was pretty much the usual and same as most buffets of this type.  It's dark and rather dated inside.  The service is good, they kept my water filled and the dishes cleared.The best part is the mongolian bbq, lots of veggies and in addition to beef/chicken/shrimp/pork - they also offered lamb, yum! and fake crab, ick!For chinese buffets, I'd prefer any of the hibachi grills or a china city which I think are a cut above this place.  Won't go out of my way to come back here again.
4	Crazy buffet had pretty decent food! It was better than I expected. It also helped that one of the servers (possibly a manager) LOVED my husband and kept coming over every 10min saying "Ryan, can I get you anything? Ryan, would you like more iced tea? Ryan, you're so lucky you have a beautiful wife (of course he gets points for flattery lol)" We were in a group of about 10, but he was seemed to only want to serve Ryan. Haha it was pretty funny.The selection was good--standard fare. We were there for dinner so we had a TON of crab legs. Just that alone was worth the money. The sushi bar was good too--better sushi than I've seen at other buffet. They had unagi sushi too, which is usually kinda pricey, so it was generous of them to serve that. They had a mongolian stir fry station where they would cook toppings you'd choose yourself. I didn't notice this until I was already at dessert, but other people at my table had gotten it and it looked really good.The only dish I really couldn't eat was an alfredo shrimp pasta. It was pretty gross--I tasted mayo in it? Not a pleasant surprise. I was expecting a nice creamy cheesy sauce. They had good desserts too, which is usually my least favorite part of a buffet. They had actual ice cream, instead of gross frozen yogurt. There was an ice cream freezer with 8 different buckets--I gnoshed on the oreo and butter pecan ice cream happily. They also had some good cheesecake, which complemented the ice cream really well. All in all, I'd definitely go back!
3	My husband loves this place but its not my favorite. The food is alright it's the best when it's fresh but that's a rare occasion it seems like. The restaurant area doesn't seem to clean. It's a good price but I rather drive the extra 5 minutes, pay the extRa  $6 and go to Hong Kong buffet
1	Ugh. Never again. This is by far the WORST Chinese food I have EVER had. Trust me on this one! STAY AWAY!
1	Sunday 1/27/13  Two adult couples, we decided to go to lunch and since none of us had ever been here we thought we would give it a try. OUR 1st suggestion is to read and trust these reviews. Dingy dirty entryway welcomed us into Crazy Buffet. Polite hostess sat us and got us our drink order. We all got up and hit the buffet. Nothing and I mean nothing looked fresh!  We thought about leaving but decided to look at the sushi counter. Selected a few choices all boring and none had any flavor. Our buffet selections were worse. Everything tasted like it had been sitting there for days. Two shrimp dishes tasted awful-old awful! All of the buffet dishes were luke warm if warm at all. The big finish was a small freezer that holds 6 big tubs of ice cream that looked as old as the building. Its self serve-oh boy. Two teenage boys showed us how it worked. You open the filthy top and reach your upper body inside the freezer. After the one wearing a tank top got practically inside to get his icecream we decided to get out of here. At this time a guy there alone was telling our server that all of the food was cold! A manager came over and in his best English he explained that he had to turn on the A/C and thus the food is now cold??  This guy had just gotten there and barely ate a thing. They gave him a discount, not a refund. He told us outside he ended up paying $ 14.00 for nothing. I can assure you that darn near 100% of the Phoenix area restaurants have A/C.  I can't wait to ask the Board of Health on Monday morning  if that is permissable to not keep the food on a buffet at a safe level.
3	I'm not a big buffet fan, but my boyfriend is, so we end up coming to places like this a lot. I don't mind this place, they are really good about keeping their food fresh and being friendly. I love the way the restaurant is set up, and it isn't a bad price for two people at all you can eat crab.
1	Crazy Buffet? Sure. You've got to be crazy like it.This place is to good Chinese as McDonalds is to burgers. I will give them props for diversity - the Octopus salad was unique.However, what was not appreciated (or cute... c'mon baby octopi are adorable!)  were the endless vats of melting ice cream, over cooked fish, luke warm soups and limp vegetables... Though... Their Bok Choy was amazingly well seasoned. Props to you on that.Hubby, who's a Navy sailor of 24 years and a sushi aficionado, couldn't stomach the warm sushi... That's kind of sad. He's a sailor... Fishy things are his complete forte. Pun intended.
2	We went for their dinner service. 12.99/ person.The sweet treats were stale.The sushi section were not fresh either.Majority of their menu/dish were chicken.Our server only visited us twice - to bring water & the tab. And no. It was not busy.Their shrimp on ice tasted "fishy" and odd consistency.The beef broccoli was decent. :)The rest was simply too oily for us.For 12.99/person, we expected loads better service, and quality of food.Xx
4	I've been here for lunch many times - so i guess that makes me a fan.A BIG restaurant with booth's, tables, private room.A big buffet selection - including hibachi, sushi, ice cream.Really inexpensive for lunch!  $8.65 w/o drinkFood is ok - service is quite good.
3	Well, it's been another year & two months since last visiting Crazy here & unfortunately this one is continuing to slip.THE GOOD TODAY:*  Friendly, attentive service.*  123 food items, plus sauces, dressings & toppings.*  Excellent Hot & Sour Soup.*  Tasty Bok Choi.  I like it & most Oriental Buffets here in the Valley don't serve it.*  Delicious omelet style Egg Foo Young.*  Good Banana Cream Pie.*  Eight flavors of rich, real ice cream!*  Reasonable pricing of $7.99/$7.19 Sr. has held for the 3 1/2 years I have been coming here. = = = = = =SOME DISAPPOINTMENTS TODAY:*  The bathroom doors looked dirty.     :-O*  There was a faint, unpleasant smell to the place, similar to what I encountered at Sun Star Super Buffet on Central in Phoenix.     :-O*  Cans of fake whipped cream sat out in the dessert area.  Either offer us the real thing or none at all!     :-O*  The soft ice cream machine was out of order with a sign dangling on it.  Either have it working or remove it!     :-O= = = = = =*  The whole experience here continues to drift downward each year.  The zenith for this place was when they did a remodel in 2010, adding in the best Mongolian BBQ in the Valley with TWENTY EIGHT ITEMS including EIGHT different kinds of meat!  In those days there was a huge selection of 150 main food items out all together & this big place would be FULL of hundreds of cheery customers before noon.By last year the food selection was down to 140 items, and 5 meats on the Mongolian BBQ.Now they are down to 123 items, the Mongolian BBQ is completely gone, & there were too few customers by noon for the size of the place.     :-(So here we have another once 5 Star Oriental Buffet slip, sliping away.  I really miss the former glory (& crazy foods such as chicken feet that used to be part of the fun here).  This was MY FAVORITE BUFFET in the entire Valley through most of 2010 & 11!     :-OWith all that said, let me emphasize that THE FOOD IS STILL GOOD HERE, for the most part, and I did hear customers at two different tables raving to their companions about how much they were loving the place.  They just don't know how great it once was.  I do, & I'm a little sad.     :-(
4	The positive sides were high quality dishes overall, a very clean and comfortable environment, and attentive wait staff to refill water glasses and clear.  The down side was I had a coupon for $2 off from last year on one of their business cards as a promotion and the manager did not honor.  I drove a total of 45 miles there and back and will not return.  The $2 off got me there but the refusal was a downer feel as I walked out the door.  The dessert looked much higher quality than your typical buffet.  The egg custard and banana bread pudding were A grade.  Would like to see the crab legs.  They must only come out at dinner.  Not a lot of seafood for lunch other than shrimp, one steamed fish (looked like tilapia), and marinated mussels.
5	Everyone should really go here! They have all kinds of food. They are really great! Especially if u went lunch time it's only $7.99 per person , for all you can eat , it's really a great value.
3	Ok if you come for an early lunch to beat the rush forget about it.  They open at 1030 but are not ready to truly serve until 1100. It's a Chinese buffet so I'm not expecting much but at least be ready for your customers to eat if you say you're opened.
2	We haven't been here in a long while.  Not impressed, most of the food is cold. Crab legs have no taste or just taste gross. Terriyaki chicken was dry as was the sweet &sour chicken, pork ribs too fatty. Not coming back.
4	Out of our 3 people: 2 - 4 star votes1 - 3 star voteWe came here on a busy Sunday evening. Overall the food was very good and generally better than you will find at a buffet. They had a wide variety and most dishes were full and fresh. The facilities were old and dingy, the bathrooms were bad and needing repairs.I was impressed with the Sushi bar, salad bar, and the crab legs (they actually had meat on them!).
1	I wanted to try this place since I always drive by it. We walked into the restsurant and I got a huge whiff of the worst smell in your life. We immediately walked out and went to Applebee's.  The food couldn't possibly be good.  I surprised thus place hasn't been condemned by now.
2	Can't say I'm too crazy about this place anymore. Haven't been here for a while and it seems the place has gone downhill. Grabbed a bunch of crab legs and most of them were empty inside and rubbery. They lack flavor and were small and watered down. I picked out a few of my favorite dishes but I really did come there for the crab legs. Was very disappointed in the price which has also gone up since I've been there. Will not be returning.
1	The worst experience ever it smells bad as soon as you walk in the door the food is old the crabs are old & smell bad Mac n cheeses is orange from sitting under the light too long ice cream machine is broken so the have a freezer w/ a scoop where you dip your own icecream so who knows what disease you may catch there I wonder when the health board has been there last the soda was good they should be called the gross stale buffet
3	For me personally, the food was meh. There's not much food you can choose, just like some other typical restaurant. The sushi is great though but the crab legs were meh for me
2	Let's start out saying something nice... The Employees were very nice.The food was not too appealing. Some of it looked like it had been sitting around awhile. They have a pretty good selection of chicken, but again, it was not fresh. I don't eat fish so I can't comment on their selection or quality. They do have sushi,On my visit, the serving handles on some of the food trays were gross and sticky. I asked an employee if they had hand sanitizer but sorry, no English. I asked the man running the cash register and he said no, and that I could use the bathroom. Hand sanitizer should be mandatory.When choosing how many stars to give them, I think back to some of the same kind of buffet restaurants I have been to around here and compare them. I gave them two stars and I can't imagine going back again.
2	My husband and I used to go here a lot, but under new management and different workers, the food just isn't that great anymore.
1	The food was probably the worst I have eaten in a long time.  It seemed to have been sitting out for a long time.  Everything was very dry.  The oysters tasted like stale mud.  I highly recommend not eating there.
1	We came for a second meal, and it was just average. The real trouble started when we got home...Both my father and I got so terribly sick that we spent the entire weekend lingering around the bathrooms at home. I warned him not to eat the shrimp, buffet shrimp is always a bad idea, so I'm not sure what made us sick but both of us got severely sick and this was the only place we ate at together.It's against health code when they add the old food to a fresh dish of new food, but you see them do it all the time. I'll never go back. You could not pay me money to eat here again. On the plus side I, lost several pounds. Hell of a diet.
1	My wife and I decided to try this place because we were in the area and hungry. The food was all lack luster and bland like the owners don't care. I saw items that looked like they were sitting there for days. The crab legs had not flavor and didn't taste right. My wife said she saw an employee push food off the counter back into the food for the general public. They had vanilla pudding with crunchy cookies that was disgusting it runny and the cookies were soggy. The name of the restaurant is fitting because it's crazy to eat here.
3	Not bad for price. $8.50 for lunch. Kids $4-6. Some sushi, crayfish, mussels. Mostly Chinese food. Also some kid food like Mac and cheese, pizza, wings, fries. Very good pickles. Dinner is $13.50 but haven't tried it yet. Not sure what is different about lunch and dinner. Also lots of ice cream choices.
2	My boyfriend and I went here for his sister's birthday. The place is just okay in my opinion, but he was not a fan and said the bathrooms were gross. Overall, not impressed and we probably won't be going back.
5	Been here twice in the last 2 months, everything was great. The restaurant is very clean, and even has a nice look to it, much more so then many other buffets I've visited in the valley. The bathroom was also clean and kept up. The food was excellent. The crab legs alone are an exceptional deal, all you can eat, hot, meaty, fresh and plentiful.  It seems to me that most everyone comes esp for the crab legs which are served every night and well worth the $13.99 on their own. The sushi was also very good with a wide assortment which includes sashimi. If you are inclined, they also have steamed clams, raw oysters on the half shell, mussels, shrimp and craw-fish, as well as plenty of fish dishes. There is so much food to choose from, you really have to zero in on what you like best, it is just to much to have a little of everything. Everything is well prepared and lacks nothing, no cheap tasting canned stuff. Hope they keep up the quality, it is a new favorite for my family.
2	What the hell happened to this place...maybe I'm being a stickler about a buffet but this is just depressing.  No fried calamari......All the food is cold at the start of dinner.  Crab legs are like dried up carrots...never again.
2	Meh... Used to be good but long in the tooth now and obvious in food quality is not doing well.
3	Delicious, fresh and not terribly busy during a Friday lunch meeting with one of my coworkers. This is definitely one of the best Chinese buffets I've had the pleasure of visiting. We almost drove past, but am so happy we stopped in.
1	Beware!!!! There were a lot of flies, which would rest on me while I was grabbing food and while I was about to eat. They have sushi, but if you grab any sushi or certain other items you will be charged for dinner price even if its lunch. I sat down to eat and realized that the food was lukewarm. Buffets are supposed to maintain a temperature of 135 and higher. I told the waitress I was unwilling to eat the food especially the sushi. The waitress seem to be used to this and did not say a word to me. I walked out and will never return. Please, I would hate for anyone to get food poisoning... Do not eat here unless they are willing to make serious immediate changes.
1	AWFUL TERRIBLE HORRIBLE SICKENING DISGUSTING the list goes on for what this place has become,  if they were smart they would close their doors and save the pubic from such a bad eating experience
1	It's Friday evening  and no one is here. Not exaggerating. I was wondering why there were dozens of tables and at least 6-7 buffet tables and no one here.  Flavorless food.  As I sit here the waitresses are yelling back and forth in Asian language and laughing, oblivious to how rude and loud they are.  The staff is more busy trying to clean up and leave, than be certain their guests are satisfied.  We just returned from m living I  Japan for 2 years.  The Sushi here :questionable.  I was scared to try it.  Baked salmon, again questionable.  I tried a nibble and spit it out.  Vegetable delight?  More like they thought the found  way to use vegetables that otherwise would have gone in the trash.  Anyway, ever been to a nail salon where the employees just won't stop talking loudly during your nail service and pay no mind that you are in there spending money? Yep.  That's what it feels like now.  My family and I need to yell to each other to talk because the girl employees are so loud.  Sigh.... Anyway, I don't think I'll return.
2	Haven't been here in years, it's not as good as I remember and assuredly won't be back. Prime lunch time, few customers inside. Good was cooked well but seemed over cooked and few selections. Bathrooms simply NASTY and dimly lite. Many other fine dining options in this location. GOTTA BE KIDDIN...
2	Some places are best left to fond memories of a distant past, and this in one, a mere shell of what it used to be years ago.  Then - long lines of patrons.  Now - no lines and an empty dining room.  Then - hot, flavorful food with a seemingly endless selection.  Now - chicken, chicken, and more chicken, luke warm in temperature, flavorless, some tasting stale and overcooked.  Then - you got tiny bites of dishes hoping to taste them all (never happened).  Now - none of it looks appetizing.  The price is high for what you get. I can't imagine they'll be in business much longer.
3	Food is average to below average. Crab legs are small and skinny. Had to ask for fresh food to be made on a sat. night at 8pm.  Although the sushi was fresh and tasty. The coconut shrimp was good too. Don't think I will be back tho..
