5	Yooooo, I came to walgreens for some Maalox and left with a bunch of stuff!  The five stars are really just for the dark grey fedora hat I got for $9.99!!  It actually matched the tank top I was wearing perfectly so as soon as it was scan, I plopped it on my head and rocked it for the rest of the day. You would've thought I'm some newbie tourist to Vegas because I spent most of my time in that aisle.  I bought two Vegas shot glasses and a cute Vegas coffee mug.  The shot glasses were around $4, not too bad.  The coffee mug was $7.I'm seriously checking the walgreens near my house to see if they have fedoras.
4	Love the pharmacy here. They are friendly, mostly fast and I am always in and out.Minus the bums and hookers outside this place is alright.
1	I have been with Walgreens my whole life... In LA no problem.. So I switched over my meds... I have a herniated disc... I needed the pharmacy to answer the phone, or call my DR. Woman on the phone refused to call my Dr. and refused to take the call.. I asked for er manager and she said no and hung up on me more than once.  She would not give me her name and at this point I had to move my Rx's to a different pharmacy.. She/they have NO CARE or concern for the pain of a customer. I went back later thru the drive thru to complain to a manager because I still cant walk at this point... They pretended that they could not possibly know who answered the phone at 8:45am.. Aren't they on a schedule?  Couldn't they look at it?  I asked one more time to speak to the manager/pharmacist/Doctor... He hid behind the wall and the woman gave me his business card.  They said they had "floaters" and there is no way to know who they are... What does this mean?  They have no idea who is working behind the counter dispensing meds?  Doesn't sound safe.  Even the prostitutes and strippers in this town are all accounted for with sheriffs cards, work permits, and fingerprints for God's sake!  Just HOW do you NOT know who was on the AM shift??? I took my Rx's down the street to a small pharmacy in China Town called Discount Pharmacy and they were quick, nice to me, and actually had concerns for my back problem since they could see that I could not walk upright.
2	There care clinic was quick but expensive. $80. Visit to get eye drops for a stye. (They charge based on your issue) plus the cost of my perscription. I asked for drops instead of ointment due to needing to wear make up for work. She then decided to yell at me about how I can't wear make up. I explained to her that I would be needing her to pay my rent then. Over all I'm happy with my visit, but the lack of English, argumentative tone and high price is what makes me score a 2
1	The pharmacy staff here is so rude and slow! I had to come here twice to help my aunt with some prescriptions and if this was my pharmacy I would switch in a heartbeat! Both times I waited over 15 minutes when there was only one person in front of me! They took forever to come to the window and the hung up so quick both times when I tried to ask if I could pick up her prescription at a specific time it was too late he had already hung up the phone/intercom! If they don't have enough staff than they shouldn't have a drive thru window!!!
4	Ok the pharmacy staff has always been horrible especially the female staff however the store staff is great. The store staff is always friendly and helpful. I love that there are Red Boxes in front. I usually can find anything I need and it's super close.
4	Very similar to all Walgreens, which is nice. Much easier and cheaper to pick up candy , water , soda, Etc and done souvenirs. Easy to park and to get in and out. Off strip but not that far.
3	An average review for an average Walgreen's. They have the same stock you'd expect from most convenience store/pharmacy outfits, down to the discount umbrellas and cheap toy aisle. The staff isn't unpleasant, but neither are they overly engaging and sometimes they'll just pass on by when someone's looking confused or searching for something.They're always willing to help when you ask, or whenever you manage to find someone to query, but they don't take the initiative in their customer service and that's what would set this location apart from others.
3	I was on vacation and forgot my medication, so I came here on a random Tuesday to get a prescription filled. There was only one pharmacist working, so a simple prescription took about an hour (the medication is already pre-packaged). It was a bit frustrating to wait so long for something so simple.Other than that, it's an average Walgreens but there are peddlers outside, and the clientele inside can be a bit odd. It's nice that this location is open 24 hours.
3	Don't think much needs to be explained in the way of letting you know about Walgreen's.This location, however, does a good job of maintaning wait times in line considering just how busy they can get at any given hour of the day.
