1	The decor is cool. I believe it's in the same location as The Gelato Spot. I say this since the main menu is focused on the sugary treat. But, that's not why I went in. I went in for iced coffee. YUCK. When I ordered an iced coffee, the cashier should have told me they didn't make 'em. Instead, he gave me hot coffee and a cup of ice. What? Uhm, that's not what I meant, bozo. Would I really want a hot coffee on an early June day? I don't think so, unless I'm just absolutely looney. I hear that's a possibility. In any case, the watered down coffee was gross. That in and of itself is enough reason for me to grumble and moan about this place. It's doesn't deserve a second chance.
4	I completely agree with the first reviewer that the decor is great and the Gelato is very, very good.  However; I will disagree on the review of the coffee.  Coffee is meant to be taken in hot and this coffee spot makes it the way it should be made.  When traveling throughout Europe I have never had an iced coffee except for the rare Starbucks we have seen.  Their coffee drink selection is superb and the presentation of the different drinks is top notch.  Also, their breakfast sandwiches and other desserts are delightful.  The service has always been fantastic and it is always a special treat for us to stop in for a snack.
4	This is such a nice addition to Scottsdale--------------we needed a home town coffee shop-----maybe it has others around but at least it isn't Starbucks.We went to Pascucci with friends from London.   They asked to buy the beans and everyone of us said this is the best coffee in the valley.  You can drink this coffee straight and enjoy it or put in your cream and sugar but be sure it is one of the smoothest coffees ever-------including every European city you can name.   I like the decor, the location and the product.   It will be my new "local" and will be used most days
3	Pascucci Coffee is an "adjunct" or appendage to the G-Spot in Old Town Scottsdale. You never how things come together...why do you have gelato and coffee together? Did Pascucci and the G-Spot get married or start living together or something?Is that an Italian thing?I actually like the coffee here when they have time to focus on the coffee...it's really a timing issue with Pascucci.If you want a cup on a Saturday or Sunday morning, (unless your definition of morning is after 12:00 noon) you're out of luck. So on the mornings I don't need to be on the phone with Prague at 5:00 am and I can go for a stroll around town, you don't want to serve me coffee paisan? Really?If you want a cup on a weekday morning, well, that's quite different...good quality coffee, made Italian style (strong and aromatic), served good and hot! Very nice!If you want a cup with your gelato, during an afternoon or evening stroll, they certainly have it made, but they are busy with gelato and the coffee is an afterthought.So, what to do? I do like the coffee when it's fresh and all the smiling faces behind the counter are focused on the coffee part. Not so much at other times. Maybe these 2 shouldn't have gotten together in the first place.
4	Well... very good Gelato selction and quality... and as far as coffee goes, I would second the second review (:D) here... coffee, here in Americas, has a different perspective / meaning compared to Europe... and Pascucci (does that sound Italian a bit !?) being European cultured would have different kind of taste for coffee that Starbucks or Dunkin's... not that anything is wrong with Starbucks or Dunkin but its just not apples to apples... you gotto have that Europeaneesh taste for coffee or you won't like coffees here, period !Having said that about coffee and gelato, I like this place more to relax than to actually drink or eat... its a perfect place to go with friends or family and enjoy some quiet time (unlike pubs where its dark and shady all the time and very faar from quiet by my standards of quiet - again, nothing wrong in pubs or booz or shady or loud places but its not apples to apples...) ... and they are open till late... (Starbucks at the airport - Terminal 3 - used to be the one that stayed overnight for coffee  but nomore... :((  ... and being from India, I am used to sleeping late and going out for coffee (and tea I wish !) late night... so Pascucci serves the best of the purposes for me and my friends...so... not a conventional take out coffee place like  Starbucks but a good sit out cafe overall...
5	One of the most sophisticated gelato and coffee places I've ever been to!The Gelato was wonderful, the decor - very very comfortable.It was as if it was placed inside a 5 start hotel.
4	Yum, yum, yum. We like to stop at this spot every so often and it's always very good. Their gelato is super flavorful, they give you big servings for the money, and the decor is neato. Sitting on the patio while people watching and snacking on gelato during the cooler months is a welcome treat.
5	It's as good as it gets for Scottsdale Espresso but watch your "barista" if it doesn't take 11-18 seconds for an espresso pull it's coming out too fast. I am not a snob, I just know espresso and it's not because I worked at a Starbucks how DARE you!... oh damn, I am a snob. That's good for you, because you can trust me. So if you like gelato- it rocks, if you like espresso and feel a little " hip " go there and have a nice espresso or espresso drink. Another tip ? okay glad you asked- It should take about 10 seconds for the sprinkled sugar to break through the crema on top of the espresso ( that brownish head on top) if it doesn't - It's not the best it can be. Yes I make them at home that well.
5	I absolutely LOVE the coffee drinks here! They even import ingredients from Italy.
3	07/27/11Took Mom for her first taste of Gelato Spot's frozen delights.  Despite my informing her that she could sample as much as she'd like, which cute Stephen echoed back from behind the counter, she refused to try any more after five (mango, raspberry, coffee, pistachio, chocolate-fudge-brownie).  Owner (sorry, he didn't give me his name) also came out to help me w/ samples, and I decided I was going to have a $6 banana split.  "How many scoops of gelato do I get," I asked him, and he sheepishly said, "Oh, I don't know... I'm only the owner, ha ha, but let me find out!"  So cute!  :)  As I paced back and forth, surveying the menu boards and the flavor cases for my selections, owner said "You're going to love whatever you decide upon, I can tell!"  Well, you can imagine my disappointment then when Stephen later informed me that the store was out of bananas!  I even said I'd be willing to wait until someone comes back w/ a supply of bananas, but this, I was told, was not going to happen, and THAT is the reason I couldn't make this a four-star review.  Had I been able to order the banana split, I would've also tried a nice cuppa Giuseppe, but I settled on getting the three gelato flavors we wanted two-ways: in a $5 gelato sundae (two scoops, mango and regular chocolate-- Mom thought the fudge variety was too sweet to get a whole scoop of) and a $5 brownie sundae (single scoop of coffee).  Stephen was nice enough to check for corn syrup-free labels and found a couple I could try-- the hard-shell chocolate and the caramel.  Gelato Spot's mango sorbet is my new fave (what, I favor a sorbet over cream-based gelato??) and was our pick out of what we had this afternoon, w/ the regular chocolate being the wrong choice over the chocolate-fudge-brownie.  Thanks to the nice stranger who gave me his untouched chocolate-banana shake leftovers to sample.  No thanks to the same stranger for using up all of the bananas! :(  LOLGelato Spot is upgrading!  For the last couple of months, they've added more seating, focused on offering more toppings to add on the gelatos (bad idea, I think... yes, this coming from someone who just tried to order a banana split from a gelato shop!; toppings bar will be up and running in two or three weeks, I'm told), and pizzas!  Yes, you read correctly-- G-Spot started serving pizzas two weeks ago!  Text ITALY to 30364 for $3 off pizzas, and COFFEE for $1 off coffees.Try the mango, or a chocolate-banana shake (so delicious!!), and be sure to say yes to roasted almonds when they ask if you want nuts on your sundae- so good!  :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qMNgGd-9gsQDjalAquj4dQ?select=FZiENC5YgzIdnSBYUa-sdAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qMNgGd-9gsQDjalAquj4dQ?select=MCN1EoUkTlCsh6wp7eASGw
5	Very impressed.  The two young men working were attentive and both offered to let me try gelato flavors, but I'd only come in for coffee.  I ordered my latte, the barista suggested some flavors, I went ahead and got a mocha.  I sat down to wait and he not only brought my coffee over to me, but picked up a table and set it next to the armchair I'd selected.  I thought that was super hospitable.  Even thought they were both helping other customers when I was walking out one of them made sure to shout out a nice thank you and good night.  It was very clean and even though it wasn't packed they were both working hard keeping the place looking nice.  It's easy to get good reviews when you have good product AND a good team.
5	Great location! Right near my office, we actually held a small meeting in there. Love the gelato and crunchy ice for my water (I like crunchy ice). The service was excellent and their pizza smelled wonderful (we didn't know they served lunch!).Overall, I would definitely recommend to anyone who is in Downtown Scottsdale in need of a sweet treat.
3	Came here for coffee after a huge dinner. Sampled some gelato options before deciding on a fancy looking caramel macchiato. The girl behind the counter looked annoyed when I tried to sample 3-4 different flavors and asked a lot of questions regarding their espresso drinks. (They're all named with fancy titles so I has to ask, sorry!) I saw people eating pizza next to me, so I'm guessing they sell food as well. Overall it's in a good location in Old Town Scottsdale and was fairly busy at 10p at night.
5	Pascucci is a great place for a bite, brew or something sweet.  they're open late too--it's a nice place to go when you're not in the mood to go bar-hopping.  This was my second visit to Pascucci Coffee.  Once again the staff were polite, helpful and prompt.  Pascucci serves chilled blended coffees, hot coffee and a variety of espresso drinks (not as big of a selection of Starbucks, but when the quality of brew is superior this was the last thing on my mind).  I sampled a few flavors of gelato, (sugar free vanilla and chocolate--both were decadent, flavorful and didn't have an aftertaste of artificial sweetener), while I debated on my drink order.  It was a chilly  night so I opted for a coffee; my Americano was one of the best I've had.  The espresso has a slightly sweet and nutty flavor--I didn't have to add much sugar and cream to please my palette.  Absolutely no bitterness from first sip to the very last drop.  My date said that the white chocolate latte was delicious.  We savored every sip as we lounged on the covered patio.  I love this place because there are many seating options to choose from:  patio, covered patio, comfy chairs, tables, or the bar.  Plus, you can get a bite to eat too.  The menu items looked really fresh and tasty--everything in made-to-order.  Obviously, I'll be back.
5	Amazingly delicious gelato, great variety of flavors, and fabulously authentic espresso!
