4	I have been eating at this restaurant for 4 years and always receive a good portion of quality food-- from fried rice to General Tso's Chicken to egg rolls to sweet & sour pork. I often get a 2 entree meal and have more than enough to fill me up.Staff is friendly, though they will try to move you quickly through the line. Take your time, if need be.Reasonably priced with good, buffet-style food.
3	Cheap Americanized Chinese food. The Two entree meal is more than enough to get me through lunch/dinner with extra to save for later. This place was one of the handful of fast food restaurants that got me through my college years in Phoenix. You can do half rice and half noodles if you can't decide on either of the two as your starch. Orange chicken, and sweet and sour pork are my faves. Swing by C Dub for a quick meal that will fill you up without leaving your pockets empty.
4	A coworker said to me, "hey lets get some Chinese". Why not, I had no idea it was going to be this good. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, it was spicy and awesome, great flavors. This is probably the best thing I have eaten all month, best $6.50 I ever spent.
5	Forgot my cell phone at home... decided that I needed it and some good Chinese food for lunch!  I'm not sure why Robert M. only gave it 4 stars if its "the best thing he's eaten all month."  The Express part is that they are setup like Kentucky Fried Panda (Panda Express), but they also have a long list of other stuff on their menu like any other Chinese restaurant.  There are only 2 negative things that I have found:1.) The restaurant is setup more like a fast food or take out rather than a dine-in place so taking a date there probably isn't the best idea (other than take-out).2.) Pepsi products! :P
2	I had some hope for this place.  It was clean and smelled good.  It's essentially Panda Express and the prices are reasonable.For a quick lunch I got some Lo Mien with Beef & Broccoli and Kung Pao Chicken.The food tasted exactly as I would have expected, kind of bland.  I ate about half of the meal and tossed the rest in the fridge for later.Two hours later I felt something, something dark and painful.  This stuff RIPPED my stomach up.  Being at work, this made for some awkward meetings, that's for sure.It could be that I have a delicate stomach, but I don't think I'd chance it again.
4	Pretty good food. Very good price. Owner is super friendly especially to repeat customers. He recognizes my husband every time -- by name. Multiple dishes ready to serve. Fast service.
2	It was what i expected. They packed the box on my two item meal.
4	Two item combo with fried rice is $5.74 with tax. Good amount of food for the price. Much cheaper than Panda Exp.... It's around $7 for 2 item combo in Panda exp.I have a strong stomach so i never gotten sick from eating the food from this place. Some of the negative voters had a bad experience with the food there.Great place, wish i still lived near there. Now i live near Scottsdale. I only drop by this restaurant when my work take me near that part of town.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  I always order to go, or for delivery and they make it fresh.  The crab puffs are my favorite, and the House Special fried rice is perfect.  Plenty of meat included.  Tell Johnny hello when you go in, or order for delivery.  He will treat you right.
1	Unimpressive... I'd rather go to Panda Express. I didn't even finish my food.
3	Solid stuff. Portions were generous for the price and the quality of food was a bit better than I expected. Service was good. Place is kind of an in and out sort of joint but the food reflects that of hole in the wall Chinese in the Midwest. Sweet and sour chicken was crunchy and savory, not too dry and covered perfectly. Spicy sauteed beef was good too, succulent and the vegetables thrown in didnt lose their firm texture while sitting. I can not attest to exactly how often they swap out their food for fresh pans but in my visit there, my food was relatively fresh. Its a solid three stars for what it is and one must also take into account that the freshness from the express line could very well be hit or miss. I recommend getting food made to order. Wonderous things can happen under the right circumstances. Doesn't say much about their consistency, but inconsistency is a norm in these low-tier Chinese establishments.
2	Its drunk food.  But if your looking for quality go elsewhere.  Looking for a triple bypass this is the place.
2	I came here because I was craving Chinese and didn't feel like going to Panda Express. Wanted something quick and close, and I've eaten here one other time, so I gave it a shot.  The food is okay, and the place try's to present itself like a Panda express.  They have crab Rangoon, and it's set up where you can get a variety of different things. The food is okay and the prices are good, but the last time I came here the service was awful.  The guy was filling to go orders while a line grew like 5 people long. I didn't mind, but he was sorta crabby when he waited on me and I had to tell him I wanted orange chicken like 3 times.The food was okay, but nothing spectacular.  He also had a hard time making change when he rang up my order.  My bill was $6.77, so I gave him $10.02 so I could get $3.75 back. He was confused and tried to say something back to me.  The other lady working came and helped him figure out how to ring up my order.  I don't mean to suggest that he's stupid, but after his crappy demeanor, and now he can't figure out change, maybe waiting on people isn't the best idea for him.Overall it was okay. With all the light rail construction, I went here because it's literally across the street from my apartment, and I wanted something quick. If you want better Chinese, go to panda express.  The food isn't bad, it's just not great...and questionable service as well.
4	I've been a regular at Chen Wok for over a year now. I've patiently sat on the sidelines and read some of the more negative reviews here on Yelp. And I finally couldn't hold my tongue any longer.Is Chen Wok Panda Express? No. It's not. Chen Wok actually puts meat into their dishes that you don't have to use garden shears to eat. Chen Wok's meat is actually tender. Their veggies, like Panda's, are cut fresh daily. They do NOT use MSG, unlike Panda. And I can get a 3 item meal WITH 6 plump, overfilled crab/cream cheese puffs for UNDER $10.00!!!Is it the best Chinese food? It's better, by far, than Panda Express...but not at all in the same league as Chicago and New York's China Town fare. But that's ok...we're in ARIZONA. And I'd much rather give my money to a locally owned business than Corporate Butt Weasels any day.Items ordered off their menu are plentiful, tasty, price-worthy, and of a better quality than their Panda-like line AND they deliver! Which is especially awesome due to the light rail construction on 19th & Northern.The folks behind the counter are also very nice. I've never had a bad experience with Chen Wok and I'll continue to eat there as long as I'm in the area.Give them a chance. Your other alternative is Wahsun across the street...and it's a crap shoot as to whether they'll be open or not.
4	Gotta love Chen Wok!  This place is FAR better than Kentucky Fried Panda (Panda Express)!
1	I've been going here since it was "off the grill" which closed up shop.  The owners were always nice and gave me so much food they had to tape the boxes up.  Well last week I spent 50 bucks (includes a generous tip) on a delivery and wound up on the toilet all night as well as vomiting into a Macy's bag.  Nothing quite like that extreme terror of which end is more important.  The sweet an sour chicken tasted "off" to me but I shrugged it off since I usually get orange chicken, I thought maybe sweet and sour wasn't my thing.  Man...never again.  Too bad, I used to enjoy this place but the service and quality of food has gone down.
3	Ran in here 10 min before closing time hoping there was some food left so I wouldn't have to go to McDonald's. While many places would be groaning since it was so close to closing time, they welcomed me in. I needed 4 orders, plus crab puffs. They cooked it all fresh on the spot with a smile on their faces. Haven't tasted it yet, but the food looks and smells good, my kids are happy, and I don't have to eat McDonalds. Win! Only bummer was that when I got home I realized that we were shorted my crab puffs. So disappointed. And since they are closed now, I won't get them tonight. :-(
4	it's really hard to find chinese food that does it right considering sooo many places do the same dishes DIFFERENTLY. i'm also from MA where (IMO) there's a lot of good choices for chinese food, esp since there's a chinatown there. so when i moved to AZ in 2011, i struggled w/ finding a good chinese food place, i was beginning to think it was hopeless and i'd have to only eat chinese food a couple times a yr when i went home to boston lol. keep in mind i'm chinese american and NEED chinese food to live!!! anyway, while i wish this place did all my fave dishes exactly how i love  em, the way they do em is good enuf lol, better than other places, that's for sure! my husband and i ordered from them tonite for dinner, my part of the order was the dumplings (i LOVE the dumplings and order em in every chinese place i go to!), wor wonton soup (this was my 1st time trying theirs. it's not how i like it, but it was decent enuf), chicken lo mein (IMO, they do it good), and house special fried rice (yum :)) my husband got a combo plate.. really, it's good cheap prices for a good amount of food w/ plenty for leftovers! so how can ya go wrong w/ that? :) they'd get 5 stars from me if they did my dishes to perfection lol :)
1	Called to order for delivery.   Restaurant is 2 miles away.  Very unprofessional,  answered the phone gave them my address and told me They didn't delivered on my area.  Just hung up before I could ask for pick up.
3	This place was a disaster when I came in a year ago, but maybe it was an off day. I've been twice recently--once, we got carry out, and the other day, we ate in. The kung pao chicken is out of this world, and the lo mein is good...and, be warned, the spicy beef is REALLY FREAKIN' SPICY.The woman behind the counter isn't particularly friendly, but at least she's not rude. Crab puffs are excellent. Best of all, a one item bowl is only $3.95. You can't beat that.
4	This place has great fresh affordable food! The one item bowl is LOADED with food! And for only $4 it can't be beat! I've had the Orange Chicken and Mushroom Chicken. Both were great dishes. I loved the lo mein. My favorite are the crab puffs! They are extremely hot. So allow some time to cool. I love this place and will be back ASAP.
1	Placed an order for delivery, an hour and fourty minutes later no show.. so i called to complain the guy told me the guy already left just when i was going to ask a question he hung up me (how rude!) Another 35 minutes passes and again no show ..so i called  again to complain and this time he told me he didnt have my Phone number the driver got lost so he couldnt call us for directions.
4	This place has the best crab puffs around. They are stuffed and good price. The customer service was great. They were very respectful and helpful. The food was delicious. I loved the portions they served. I would highly recommend this place.
