5	I've hiked at Usery Mountain Regional Park quite a few times (and just learned more about it than I ever knew by reading David S. B.'s review).  It's kind of a trek from Phoenix, which you don't quite grasp until you have hiked up the mountain and see the Phoenix skyline far off in the distance.  I've never seen this place too crowded, though not many people tend to hike mid-June (or maybe they were just there much earlier than we were).  I've seen wildlife here more consistently than any other park I have visited in the Valley.  A wide array of lizards from collared lizards to chuckwalas (I'll add photos).  I've even come across a rattlesnake or two, so keep an eye out!  And as with any hike, bring more water than you think you will need.  We underestimated our need and had to turn around prematurely....
5	I love this place.  It's only 20 minutes from my house and was the first place I started to hike when I moved here.  They have trails for beginners (like me) that are an easy mile on a smooth trail around the small mountain (hill?).  When I first came here over a year ago, this easy trail was all I could handle, and even that was difficult for me.  Fast forward a year and I have hiked most of the trails here and even did the (not so for me) easy Wind Cave Trail that's 1.6 miles up and then back down.  For the experienced hiker I'm sure it's easy, but we're not all experienced.  It's still challenging, there are a few places that I have to "climb" a rock, but the view from the top is worth it!  Just be careful of the bees on top.  I love how everyone is so friendly on the trails and encouraging, and it's a huge reason I keep going back.They also have a Nature Center here, and have lots of programs for kids, and for adults.  I've done guided moonlight hikes here and they offer programs on scorpions, desert plants and more.  Ranger B is fun, entertaining and has a ton of knowledge about the park and surrounding area.Innervision Yoga offers classes here on Mon nights, and Tues/Thurs/Sat mornings and it's a wonderful place to practice.  You're looking out the windows of the Nature center and the beautiful desert scenery so it's peaceful and serene.  These are all levels classes and when they say they welcome beginners, they aren't kidding!  Everyone here has been so supportive and encouraging and I can't ever thank them enough for what they've done for me :)I have to give a special mention to Jennifer, who is the manager of Usery Park, she is not only knowledgeable and friendly, but is one of the kindest and most supportive people I have met.  She is always smiling, always positive  and always has something good to say.  If you're in the east valley you owe it to yourself to check out Usery Park, there is truly something for everyone here!
5	The Superstition Mountains are the perfect embodiment of the Arizona desert beauty that I imagined as a kid growing up in Utah.  This park allows you to nestle up to this unique landscape.  One of the better places to mountain bike in the area.  Ride the place at sunset and you will be amazed at what mother nature can do.
4	Great hiking trails!  Well maintained, with water and restrooms at the trailhead.  Love Wind Cave trail!  My 6 year old was able to do it in 80 degree weather without mouthbreathing.$6 per carload entrance fee.
5	Wonderful park to visit.  It is only 20 minutes away from where I live in Mesa AZ.
4	Camping, daily visits, mountain biking, horses, hikes, and archery are offered starting at $6. I can't turn down a new trail run so when I drove to Mesa for a rugby tournament I had to stop here on the way back. It was great! I had a really nice run into the park and up the wind cave trail. Next time I want to tackle the mountain pass. The wind cave was not really what I expected (somehow I thought there would be like a huge tunnel or echos or you would be able to reach the peak and see a view of the whole park) but it was a neat cave with bees and it was really cool to see a coyote on the main road on the way back out the park. There was quite a few people, dogs, and children around but that didn't stop me from finding a way to get lost so be careful.  It was somewhat strenuous but not nearly as challenging as Camelback. Still, after an hour of refereeing rugby and an hour and a half run, I am definitely feeling it today.
5	All I can say is this has to be one of the cleanest parks I have seen in awhile. The camp grounds were nicely maintained and very easy to access. Over all I was impressed and we plan to camp here in the future!
5	This place is wonderful.  First went to the visitor's center, where they couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. Maps, tour of their snakes, helpful tips, etc. Even bought a t-shirt and hat because the vibe was so good (plus a fuschia women-cut v-neck AND awesome owl hat? whoever is buying for this place is doing a good job).Hubby and kids used the archery range while I hiked the Wind Cave trail. We were all happy-as-clams when we finished up and decided we need to come back here again and again.
5	This is one of the most scenic mountain parks in the Valley, and one that is recognizable even from a great distance because of the distinctive horizontal "gash" of rock along the Wind Cave Trail in the park. There are good facilities for parking, hiking, and picnicking. Trails are varied - there's something for everyone, regardless of fitness status. The road system within the mountain park is well maintained and not too extensive so that it is not overly intrusive of the gorgeous desert landscape of the area. This is also one of the best places for viewing the spectacular blooming of desert wildflowers in the springtime.
5	A great place! The park is just $6 per car to hike the trails or participate in their programs. It is very family friendly, be sure to check their calendar. They offer kids classes daily about hiking, full moon hikes, scorpion hunts, movies, etc.! They have an ADA accessible trail, and have the Wind Cave trail (800 ft elevation change) that has scenic views from the top. We have also done their Yoga in the Desert classes on Saturday mornings, which is a lot of fun.
5	Stunning views. My husband and I came here to participate in a running race. He ran the 50k which went up Pass Mountain, and I ran the 12k which ran around some of the trails. They were very well maintained and the desert was just gorgeous. The facilities were nice and maintained. It also appears as though they have guided hikes on the weekends which would be fun.
5	This park is another one of the beauties in Arizona. My mom likes to hike up to the Wind Cave every week, and sometimes, we go to the very top too after the main trail ends. It's a pretty easy hike and the trail is mostly clearly marked. I've gotten lost once, but that was due to my own folly for not brining a flash light and hiking near sunset. Otherwise, the trail is easy to follow. Even past the Wind Cave, there are good markers to lead the way to the summit.
5	So much to do! They offer a ton of programs for the whole family. I've hiked here numerous times and am really debating buying the annual pass. Clear trails, activities and always a friendly face. There are moonlit hikes, educational presentations, picnic and camping areas. The fee is $6 per car despite the amount of people you have jammed in there. Take note that Wind Cave has a bee colony at the top, avoid them and they avoid you. Bring plenty of water. This park will not disappoint.
3	Clean and well kept campground, but very not very conducive to peace and quiet or dogs. I have heard the trails are nice but we never checked them out as we decided to leave early after we one night  bathed in light pollution. We had to remove cholla from our dogs paws several times despite being very careful...the stuff is everywhere and the few trails we went on in the campground area are so narrow it is almost impossible to avoid cholla. The next morning was spent listening to non stop gunfire from the nearby range. Yuck. McDowell Mountain park is more spread out with easily accessible trails that we can go on with our bikes and our dogs. You actually feel like you are out in the middle of nowhere...not so with Usery Mountain. I would not recommend it for camping...maybe day hiking without dogs. The parks department should really disclose the fact that one will have to put up with the noise from the nearby gun range if they stay at the campground.
5	This is where my favorite desert running trails are. Beautifully kept grounds, not too crowded, amazing views and surroundings to keep your eyes and ears filled with the sounds of nature while you run. (Unless your like me and listen to music while you run, in which case the views alone are enough) :)
4	This is a great nature preserve and park. Over 100 miles of hiking, biking, and horseback riding trails. One of the most famous trails is the Wind Cave trail. It has a moderate difficulty with a mile and a half steady climb. At the top there is a cave carved out of the limestone by the wind, hence the name. From here you can look out over the east valley. On a good day you can see all the way into Phoenix. I like the less traveled Pass Mountain trail. This is a seven mile hike around the base of Pass Mountain. It is an easy relatively even terrain with a couple short climbs. The lower trails are short loops nicely groomed for biking and horseback riding. These trails get a lot of multi use activity. Riders, mountain bikers, and hikers generally yield to one another. My only complaint comes after I've stepped in horse droppings.There is a nature center as you enter the park. Inside you will find maps, hiking guides, plant and animal identification charts, plenty of souvenirs, and the nicest rangers around. They do activities geared toward kids and family. We watched them feed the snakes one night, and watched a movie about the desert on another. They offer a full moon hike once a month. The hike follows a 2 mile loop usually guided by Ranger B. He will talk about native plants and animals, about the history of the park, and answer all your questions about the park. The city lights are captivating on this hike. They say to bring a flashlight but the moon is bright enough you only need one on overcast nights.The park admission is $6.00 or $75.00 for an annual pass. There is a campground and an archery range on part of the park, but I'm not sure what the fee is for those. This is my favorite park in Arizona.
5	My husband and I did the 7 mile hike - it was tough but worth it! Gorgeous views, trails easy to follow (although you need to be an experienced hiker for the one we did!), and convenient parking...
4	I am not a big fan of desert camping but if you are going to do it, this is the place! Usery is very clean and well maintained with a surprising amount of amenities and things to do. There is lots of hiking options, an archery range, guided scorpion hunts, night hikes, and very clean bathrooms with flushing toilets and showers. We have taken the archery 101 class with our kids and the scorpion hunt--both of my boys loved these and they learned a lot from Ranger B. If you have the class to do anything with him, DO IT! He is incredibly knowledgeable, does a great job teaching to every age, and is so funny. Seriously, this guy is fantastic and I hope he stays working at Usery forever! :)The nature center is a cute little shop with lots of trinkets to buy at reasonable prices. The people working in there are very nice and helpful. As a tip: book early. If you plan on staying there for more than 1 night anywhere outside of the hot summer months, book WAY ahead. Like, even a year in advance. They book fast. Especially if you are going with a large group.Im not sure if Usery has a noise ordnance- or quiet hours-  but I wish that if they did that it was more strictly adhered to. I know people l like to get out of town and make noise and have fun. And that people camp differently- some like noise, some dont- But numerous times we have been out there and anywhere from 10:30pm-1am there can be some large parties still going on. Luckily for me, Im a heavy sleeper and I just bring ear plugs. All-in-all a great park and a must visit place in the outskirts of the valley.
5	I've been an annual member of the Maricopa County park system for many years, largely because this park is near where I live and I love spending time out here. I have hiked and run all of the trails and have attended many activities at the Nature Center. If you're new to Arizona, look for the "Scorpion Hunts" in the summer. The programs are informative and going into the desert at night is a lot of fun, especially with a black light so you can see how the scorpions glow.Wind Cave is an incredibly popular hike with people from out of town -- or for locals who have family come into town. It gets REALLY crowded during the holidays. This is a good trail for kids with a couple of nice spots for stopping along the way and a "cave" at the top with shade and usually some chipmunks running around. I think it is about 3 miles out and backIf you want a really pretty trail, the Blevins Trail is a nice loop trail, and you can add the Cat Peaks trail if you want a little bit of a climb, but not as much as Wind Cave. You can go to the top of Cat Peaks and get a good view of the area. These trails are popular with people on horses and bikes, too. The Blevins loop is about 3 miles, but you add another mile or so if you take the Cat Peaks option.If you are new to mountain biking, the Blevins Trail plus the Moon Rocks trail is a nice loop for that. If you want more extreme, the Pass Mountain trail is for you. Be sure to wear protective gear. I like to run the Pass Mountain Trail, but you need to be sure you're prepared for about 7 miles of pretty rugged trail. The signage for the trail system is excellent, and you can take the map and build your own adventure. If you like to run in the sand on the beach, run up one of the washes. I have found the experience to be very similar.
