3	Only been here a couple of times. What do you expect from a fast food restaurant? Service is good, food is good. I like the different selection from Wendy's.
2	Uggghhhh! Not only was te service cruddy but the food was crappy. Which makes me so sad cause Wendy's used to be great.....I need to just let go of the past yummy Wendy's days and move on. :-/
3	The night we came there was one new cashier and about a dozen people wait. I waited about 15 minutes just to order.
5	Open pretty late which is awesome and they have the best hamburgers ever i love them
4	I've always loved Wendy's food. It's been awhile since my last visit due to where I lived the last several years. This location is clean but the staff seems new & inexperienced. I appreciate they have Pibb in their soda fountain. At 99 cents, it was definitely better than the $2.50 Wild Berry Lemonade made from their regular lemonade but the berry syrup was not mixed together. The mixed berry Frosty Shake was awesome.  Overall, great menu/food choices you've always expected from Dave.
2	orders are usually right, food is good, better than the other surprise options like mcdonalds and jack in the box.
3	Go fast Service
4	Great drive through service! Fast, friendly, my order is always right & I never have to sit there and say "hello?,,,, hello?,,, is this thing working?", lol  :)Extra kudos for good customer service. My go to meal: Spicy chicken without mayo, side Caesar salad & fresh lemonade. Hits the spot!
5	Today was the first time I've been up this early for breakfast!  The food was good and the drive-thru service was fast and friendly . . . too bad they won't be serving breakfast after Oct. 20, 2013 at this location.
5	5 stars for 4 star service ? Why because all fast food places have their issues. This location is no different. The advantage? Management makes the difference. I eat here too much and when I have had issues not only have they made it good but they've implemented some course of action to do something to make headway for the next time.
5	The drive through is fast and accurate and the food is always hot. For a fast food place in very impressed and will definitely come back for their hamburgers and fresh lemonade. The lemonade is so delicious I'm addicted! The staff is also very polite :)
2	Forgot my cheese for my sandwiches, but didnt forget to charge me! Then when I decided to stand up for all those out there who have been shorted their order, they were closed! You win this round, Wendys. 2 stars for my 2 missing cheeses.
