1	Since this company took over they increased their rates immediately. Not even a year in and another increase. But they r advertising less price for that 10 x20 . Not a happy customer. Greedy company!!!!
5	the store manager helped us on Memorial Day and made sure we got the best deal possible on our rental truck. during the entire process we were able to chat about different things making a more personal connection. for as much as I knew he wanted to go home for the holiday, not once did he rush us or make us feel like we were ruining his day! if we need to rent a uhaul, we will definitely be visiting this location again! (:
5	Picked up a truck here for a one-way move to Colorado and although U-Haul didn't really have its act together as a company (we had to pick up the truck here, then head up Fort Apache for a ways to an entirely different location to pick up our tow dolly for the car), that doesn't reflect on this location whatsoever.The gentleman behind the counter got us in and out rapidly, and I was quickly made aware of all the details of the rental and how to return the truck, which was greatly appreciated. He also made me feel like a valued customer even in that brief space of time; he may well have been the store manager that was mentioned in a previous review, as he seemed that organized and professional (but still entirely friendly!), but I'm not sure.In any case, if you need to rent a U-Haul truck in southwestern Las Vegas, this is your place, and that's your guy.
4	I am happy with my experiences with staff and my unit. The rate special also made it a good deal for me.
1	If you are looking for a storage unit do not store your valuables with this company. And if you have a storage unit with them I would recommend you move your belongings elsewhere. I was sold a bill of goods when I moved my belongings into one of their storage units on November 23rd. I selected them because they said they had excellent security. I felt secure knowing they had security cameras as well as what they claimed was an excellent security system to control who goes in and out. In fact, their website says, "Computerized Access Control Systems - All LifeStorage facilities have computerized access control systems to protect and limit entry to the property. Access is tracked by unique access codes."Less than two weeks later my unit, the only one out of the 500 units they have, was burglarized. I received the call at 4:55pm on a Friday. My unit was cleaned out of everything except a couple of large pieces of furniture. In discussing with management I found out that they only patrol units one time a week? As a result they have no idea when the burglary happened. Why only one time per week? With only 500 what does their staff do all day?Management has been stalling. I requested the video immediately. They claim they are not allow to show me the footage and their hands are tied. I had to go to the police department and file my report even though it was on their property.Today management still remains uncooperative. I have yet to hear from them or the owners about reimbursement or a simply apology about what has happen. No one will communicate with me after several attempts. They still are charging my credit card even when they know nothing is left in the unit and they put their lock on it. I am beyond frustrated and upset that everything I own was taken. I hope this never happens to anyone else and the word is spread what a horrible company this is.
