5	Great coffee.  Free wi-fi.  Rotating student art. Tasty sandwiches.  Cute barristas on which I can develop crushes.  What's not to love?
4	My neighborhood home away from home! Spacious and not too undergrad-ish, I love its soft, melt in your mouth cranberry and blueberry muffins. Their iced chai is a perfect, never too sweet blend.Thumbs up for giving its employees a picture/bio board. Just wish it would stay open later.
5	Adore (and miss!) this place. I used to work v. close to EE and ate lunch there on a daily basis. Everything is very fresh with lots of great choices. I didn't eat in often but it's a great atmosphere to just sit and chill or to get some work done.
4	During my two year stay in Madison this was a great coffee shop (and I would guess that it continues to be). Their specialty was normal coffee (as opposed to mochas and cappucinos, etc.), and it was one of the places where I began to learn to like coffee that is unadulterated (though I still like a good mixed coffee drink from time to time). The service is very good. The food's decent (although I confess I haven't ate their much). Overall, it's a great place to get a cup of coffee and just get some reading done. (Oh yeah, I had one date here as well, so I suppose it's a good date place too.)
4	Come for the coffee, stay (or come back) for the excellent fresh soup, sandwiches and smoothies!  Would be 5 stars if the service was more consistent.
3	Great little cafe with electric blue walls--quite a refreshing ambiance.  There's something about that color that gives you an extra surge to finish up your paper or win at a game of Scrabble.  Would recommend it as a study haunt if you live in the area. Friendly and fast service. Nice murmur of conversation to keep you company in solitude activities such as writing or reading.
3	I've been here a few times to get my study on.  Disclaimer:  If you're over 22, you're going to feel really fucking out of place at Electric Earth.  If you're the sort of person who gives a shit about that, you'll stay the fuck away.  It's not like there's anything to miss when it comes to the food.  Christ, who fucking goes to a coffee place for the food.  Aren't these basically glorified study halls?  The standard shit- 2 bucks for a medium coffee (unsure about refill price)- 5 to 6 for a sandwich - wifi not used enough or recently to give opinion on reliability
2	They should call this place Eclectic Earth Cafe.I came here for a sandwich.  I ask the barrista to male me  his favorite.  He makes me a fancy named sandwich that was just a ham and cheese plus cream cheese.  Cheeses were more than double the ham.  The rye tasted more like old wonderbread than rye.  Awful.Wi-fi was sporadically on and off,  even though the place wasn't busy.I have to give them some credit.  A couple comfy couches and nice lighting with florecent bulbs.  Half a wall has a funky mural.
5	Oh wow, just polished off an "electric salad" with added turkey and ham, probably equal to having an orgasm.  They charge $1.00 for extra meat.  The mix of vegetables was GARDEN fresh.  Cucumbers were crisp, onions packed a punch, and the tomatoes super juicy.  Yeah pretty much the best salad I've ever had.  Which is a bold statement but true.  My buddy Brandon ate a "Cali Delight" sandwich, which according to him was also phenomnal.  I am going to drink this large ice coffee and smoke a cig.  God I love Madison.  Oh yeah, the salad, extra meat, large iced coffee total cost was $9.  What a steal.  I would have gladly paid $19.   Oh and free wifi, which is what I'm using to write this review.
2	Electric Earth is just barely on the West side of Madison which doesn't have as many vegan options as the East side of town. So I'm glad that they're around and that they offer a couple of vegan sandwiches and some vegan baked goods.That said this place is, at the end of the day, your standard generic independent coffee shop: brightly painted walls, random retro furniture, free wi-fi and nothing in particular that you couldn't get at any other coffee joint in any other college or major town in the country.I had a "tofu you" sandwich ($7.25) and a cup of loose-leaf Darjeeling tea ($2). Kudos to them for having loose-leaf tea, even though they commit the cardinal sin of offering Oregon-brand as their only chai. Too many independent coffee shops refuse to go the extra step of making their own chai; instead they rely on those awful tetrapak cartons of Oregon chai, which is disgusting and not worth the oil it took to package and ship it.The sandwich was okay; it consisted of baked tofu slabs with tomato, lettuce, olives and a thick, spicy tomato-garlic sauce, but was poorly constructed and not hot (temperature wise) enough. Also, the bread wasn't toasted, which seemed like a major oversight. It wasn't a good value on a whole.I passed on the vegan cookies which looked old and stale. Maybe I came on an off-day.In any case, Electric Earth has lots of room for improvement, namely by making their own chai and by improving their sandwiches and vegan baked good freshness. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if nothing else downtown were open, this is a decent enough spot.
2	This was next to my ex's old apartment.  We always got coffee there in the mornings, whoever was up first would hop over and get some coffee.  Usually it was her.  The coffee was ok, looking back it wasn't worth a trip to the place next door.The food?  Don't get me started.  It's the most inadequate food I've ever had to pay for.  The bread was stale, the meats were boring, the vegetables were weak.  Because it was next door, we'd eat their from time to time.  And it honestly wasn't that great.Don't go out of your way to eat here, but if you happen to live next door, it's an ok stop for coffee.Although, I must admit: it was nice to kick back in the outdoor dining area and relax with a coffee.
5	Days of yore... lounging languidly in the Wisconsin sunshine, watching the cumulus clouds go by, strolling from my place on Doty St to Electric Earth.It's amazing how memory works, right?  The sounds, the tastes, the smells.  When I remember my college days at Madison, I remember Electric Earth... the yummy kale soup, the West African stew, the garden pesto sandwich, the granola and yogurt and the Cafe Miel.  I spent a lot of time here, curled up in the brown chairs, catching up on my reading.  It used to be my vital life source.After living in the Bay Area for two years, I have yet to find a cafe that quite rivals the feel-good hippy-dippy vibe of E.E., and I hit it up every time I'm back in town.
2	Pretty good coffee but stale environment. Shakes are good though!
5	Electric Earth has recently opened a food cart on Library Mall.  I've never been to the cafe, but have now had lunch from the cart twice.Pricing is not "cheap," but more than reasonable for the quality of the food.  I paid $6 for a bowl of soup last time, but it was a LARGE portion and came with bread.  For just under $8, you can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup, which is still a fairly generous portion.  The sandwich I got today, turkey & cheddar on multigrain, was freshly made and very flavorful, especially the cheddar, which was nice and sharp.  The soup, a roasted red pepper coconut bisque, was AMAZING--slightly spicy and delicious.Last time, I had a vegetable bisque, which was also extremely tasty.  At this point, I find it hard to imagine them making bad soup.  This is good because so far they only seem to have a single soup available on any given day; it's a small cart.
4	I'm in! Really simple and really delicious menu, I suggest the ham and Havarti sandwich on rye (ham, Havarti, sprouts, and cream cheese). The street art mural on the wall didn't hurt either.
4	This place is everything I love in a coffee shop!  Friendly staff, good coffee, and outdoor seating!  I was in town for business and able to walk to this coffee shop on the recommendation of my sister-in-law. I love having an actual coffee mug for my drink when sticking around and I love even more having an option to sit outside with it.They have a large amount of seating inside as well as multiple tables outside.  I can't wait to go back!
5	OMG, I haven't written a review for this place yet? WTF?This is totally my kind off coffee shop.Good music, study vibe, excellent coffee and food.Love it.
4	Coffee, and tofu, and smoothies, oh my!This place is a unique blend of fair trade coffee and vegan sandwiches. I used to live in the building next to it, and it was a curse to my wallet. The locale is perfect for a quick breakfast, or dropping in for a light lunch.Overall, I would say their smoothies are their best offerings. They manage to churn out a pretty healthy product (using honey and yogurt) while still scoring pretty high on the tasty scale (blueberry was always my favorite, but raspberry and mango are also excellent).Stop by if you're a zenned out artist or a yuppy crunching numbers. An ideal place to work or grab for take-out.
4	Cafe' in the best sense of the word...live music, awesome coffeehouse treats, & free Wi-Fi....bring a friend or a good book and you'll be happy to settle in for short visit or a long day of studying, when the roomies just don't know how to use their inside voices..:-)
5	One of my favorite cafes in Madison.  Coffee is great, and they are one of the few places in town that makes Italian soda pop with the proper amount of syrup (which is: a lot).  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love their salads and vegan soups.  Best thing is that the dining area is nice and QUIET.  So many cafes these days have blaring music and/or shouting customers with the noises echoing off hard surfaces.  At Electric Earth the music is low and soothing, the other customers are using their inside voices, and I can have a conversation at a normal speaking level, or just sit on a couch and work in peace.
4	A great place to study. Nice table space to lay out your work, quiet music, free wifi, outlets. Only have had their fresh brew coffee. All their sandwiches are under $7 dollar. They also have smoothies, tons of fancy coffee drinks and fresh bakery too.
4	Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches. Their lunch sandwich menu is huge, tons of options at a reasonable price. Cozy vibe.
1	20 minutes to make a sandwhich and acting like that's not unusual?  No thanks. AVOID. This is why hippies shouldn't be thrust into management roles.
5	Has anodyne coffee from Milwaukee (best I've ever had in my young life) makes a nice San Francisco BLT (BLT with guac) served with a side salad. Great place to read a book or study.
1	I was unhappy right from the start. They only had one person working and we were standing in line waiting for him to get off his phone and take our order. The food was very average. Stale bread and brown avocado. They also didn't have the sandwich I wanted but only told me once they had brought my husbands food out. It was way too expensive for what I got. There are so many great places to go to for lunch and instead I decided to try something new and give this place a chance and I regret that choice. I will never go back there, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Very unhappy and my stomach hasn't felt right since eating that dry sandwich earlier today.
2	I ventured to Electric Earth one snowy and hungry day. I live around the corner and that it would be an easy place to grab some coffee and breakfast. While the menu looked a little creative it took me 10 minutes just to read all the scribbles on the chalkboard. I told the staff it was my first time in. None were quick to help or make any sort of recommendation. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese, cucumber, and tomato. It was tasty enough but nothing I couldn't make at home. After I ordered, sat down, and ate half my sandwich I inquired as to where my coffee was. The barista pointed to mugs further down the bar and a coffee stand. Really? It's that much trouble to hand me a mug and direct me to the coffee? While I think they were going for charming with the decor, it just looks dumpy. The sofas are stained, upholstery on the seat is coming unstitched. This place just has a feel of laziness and no desire to drive business, or is that the new definition of nonconformity? Won't be returning.
1	I've given up on this place after giving it many chances.Strike 1: black mold in my pasta salad. Somehow they didn't have a system in place to throw out old pasta salad so there was lots of it. And the guy checked the rest of it in the fridge and noticed it all had mold, but only after I pointed it out.Strike 2: Burned the milk in my latte. If you don't know how to make a latte without burning the milk you just shouldn't make lattes.Strike 3: Blasting death metal music. Like the gross kind where they're just screaming with their throats. Maybe this wouldn't be a strike for you, but yuck.Strike 4: Flies. Everywhere. The belligerent kind that keep going into your glass. Maybe I shouldn't blame this on them but given that the place was a bit of a mess--couches, carpeting, etc. were full of crumbs and it wasn't like they were busy--I'm not giving them a pass.
3	This is a very eclectic place. Quite a few food options that you can't go wrong with. They've got a wide selection of coffee drinks/flavors too. The only thing is that there's only one person working so sometimes your food/drinks can take a while.
2	Kind of weird place. I've always sort of suspected that this coffee shop is a drug front or something equally sketchy. Every time i've gone there, there's been absolutely no one there besides the workers, and I have no idea how they make enough business to keep on going.Their drinks are meh, and a bit bland. The food is a bit better, but still not anything too special. At least it's cheaper compared to nearly every other downtown coffee place, so it isn't too bad if you need a cheap and quick fix.Not recommended for studying or doing work, for two reasons: 1) The wi-fi isn't too great. A good chunk of the time I can't get my Macbook to connect to it, and if it does work, it isn't too fast. 2) The music selection is inconsistent, from the volume it's being played at to the selections. I'm a connoisseur of music, but some times I don't want to hear metal while i'm trying to read.Even though it's the closest coffee shop to my place, I prefer virtually every other downtown coffee shop sans Starbucks to Electric Earth.
