4	This is a bittersweet review. My favorite tattoo artist doesn't work here anymore, and I don't know why. He did all of my mom's and sister's work, and I was planning on expanding, but I can't find him anywhere (his name is Moe if you find him!) Regardless, we still all go to Pair-A-Dice for our tattoo and piercing needs. The studio is clean, the guys are friendly and they offer a lot of good advice for new, existing, and future pieces. I always recommend this place to friends, and really enjoy all of their work, but it is a personal decision. I have only had one friend say she wasn't comfortable here, and I am pretty sure it's because she didn't want the tattoo in the first place. The piercing artist is also very gentle. I'm a bit squeamish, and he put me right at ease for my nose piercing. Good luck trying to find the building though. It's painted like dice, if that helps.
4	Disclaimer: I have one tattoo, and this is where I got it done.We went late at night on a planned trip to get our first tattoos. The staff was friendly, helpful and non-creepy, considering our rookie status in the field. Everything went smoothly: no side effects, and the tattoos (simple shapes with monograms on the hip) turned out great. I can't complain, but I also have nothing to compare it to, so ... ?
5	This was the nicest tattoo place I've been too.  They couldn't get me in on the day I needed so they recommended another place to me which was awesome!  The fact they they do referrals says a lot to me.  I would recommend them to anyone.
4	I got a piercing here from...Joe (i think that is his name but i could be making that up). I just re-did my bottom belly button because it closed up. He thought it didn't look closed so he tried to taper it which I thought was really nice because that is way cheaper than a piercing, and he could have not said anything about the alternative.In the end though he did end up re-piercing it for me and discussed every decision (whether or not to go through the same hole, etc.) with me which I really appreciated.It was $44 total with jewelry and tax which is an average price. The piercing and jewerly look great, and I would totally recommend going to them!Would go back there if I decide to get my lip done. Oooo I wish they did surface piercings!
2	everyone at pair-a-dice does fantasic work. ive gotten three piercings and two tattoos from jesse. the work was amazing. eveything healed up well and looks great. im always getting compliments.  however, at my last visit to see him to get mine at my friends septums pierced, things were slightly uncomfortable. while paying for my services, he smacked my ass and said some sexual comments. i dont think ill ever return, which saddens me becuase the artwork is top notch. but i DO NOT reccomend young ladies visit him alone. but other than that its a nice place. everyone else is incredibly professional and welcoming
4	I have gotten 1 tattoo there & it was OK. I think the guy was just tired cuz he did my mom's tat 1st & hers was more intricate.She went back to get another and got tats for her 2 sisters. They all enjoyed their experiences and like their tats. I think they are a bit pricey, compared to other places I have been.But the fellas were helpful, nice and funny and made us feel welcome.The setup was clean and the tats healed nicely.** the shop talk, music, photos and stickers on the walls are a bit racy, but we were not offended.
5	A kick ass Fun Staff.... Got a Piercing done here.... Can't wait to go back and get some INK done here........
5	My wife and I were in Vegas 2 years ago and made an appointment for tattoos with Jake and Bub.  Both were custom pieces and came out amazing.  Jake handled my wifes cherry blossom tattoo and we could not be happier.  Bub did a large leg piece on me and it is perfect.  We have been in a ton of tattoo parlors and each have multiple tattoos.  This is by far the cleanest and most professional parlor I have ever been to.  We are planning a return trip for later this year for more work.
5	I had a outline on my left upper arm of a hannya mask* started in Reno. I wasn't that happy with it. Jake (sailor Jake) made it into something I could not be more happy with. Super detailed, vibrant, and I'm stoked with it. The staff is cool especially the Hawaiian dude you'll know when u go there. -Ben
5	Jake was great! Friendly,  clean, professional shop. Both my wife and I got tattoos from Jake and we love them!!
5	Got my very first tattoo here almost 9yrs ago. It was a great experience of course I had nothing to compare it to being my first time. I went in tonight to get my 5th tattoo and it was great!! Dave did amazing work!! I wanted the heart that my husband drew and the symbol modified just a bit and he drew exactly what I wanted. I'm so happy with my new tattoo!! Color and shading is amazing.  Very clean shop and the artists are very friendly. I will definitely be going back to Dave for more work in the future!
5	We came from out of town and hoped this place would be good, going off of other reviews here. Jesse exceeded all expectations and was super professional. We got beautiful tattoos here and it was a terrific way to end our time here!
5	Robby Slaughter does amazing work!! He works on both my husband and myself and we love his work!! I get so many compliments about my 1/2 sleeve he is working on!!
5	I've been to Jessie and he does really good work I will always go to him when I need work done
5	Great, friendly, welcoming atmosphere. I've gone to Jake for a couple of pieces and he does great work! I would definitely be in more often if they were closer to Northern Cali. :-)
5	Great place! My girls & I went to Vegas for my bachelorette party & called a few days in advance with our ideas. They were very knowledgeable & helpful. They were all nice & very friendly! We had a great time & Marcus did an amazing job on my brand tattoo!
5	Walked in, showed them what I wanted. Met jake, he made sure I got exactly what I wanted. Nice guy, made everything pretty painless, and walked out. Easy peasy. Would definitely get another tattoo here.
5	If you never had a tattoo in your life and this is your first one I would take you here . Why you ask 1 that care that like to see you again. The people care about you and me that why I go to  pair of dice tattoo. They will not cut you . The best of the best work there. But that just me.
