3	did a show here. -1 star for the false alarm of fire. (3 times in one day).-1 star for their regulation of not allowing outside food into the convention. 3 stars for a high end ballroom upstairs in the ballrooms. also this place is huge with a lot of space for exhibitors to rent.
5	Interbike is the highlight of my year, EVERY YEAR!This is the gathering of bike nerds, and nuts from all over the world could not be any better.  Sands Expo Center has 1.2 MILLION square feet of pure pleasure while Interbike is in town.  In fact the show is going on as I type this, and will end tomorrow.  I had to come home 2 days early to go to school unfortunately.Please please please, open a bike shop, and go to Interbike to experience the fun, and swag that it has in store.
3	There are 2 major venus for trade shows in Las Vegas. 1. For huge shows, it is the Las Vegas Convention Center, near the Hilton Hotel. This is where you have 100,000 attendee shows, like the Consumer Electronic (CES) or NAB (National Association of Broadcasters) or the smaller but locally important G2E (Global Gaming Exposition). 2. Sands Expo and Convention Center. This venue is next to the Venetian and Palazzo hotels on Sands Blvd between the Strip and Paradise road. IT handles the next size shows usually, like an eyeglass show or other mundane industry tradeshow.Yes, there are other venues in individual hotels for smaller shows, like the Hilton, Paris, Riviera, etc, but most of these just use their larger ballrooms. The Sands center is deceptively large. It can accomodate large shows, and probably competes with expo centers like Moscone in SF, or the Anaheim convention center for many large shows. Altough it has large square footage for a lot of booths, or even dozens of massive booths of 100 x 100 or more feet, it has some issues. First is in/out access. There is very little sapce to get your equipment in. If you are doing it with your SUV and a pop-up display, there is nowhere close to park. You have to unload on the entry road off Sands Blvd, but you can't leave your vehicle. So drop things off, have someone watch over them, while you drive and park at the Venetian or Palazzo parking lots, and then walk through the casinos to get back to your stuff. It's a pain. At least they don't require you to use union hires for the day to lift every box, while you sit and watch frustratingly like in SF or NY. They do have large service areas in the center of the hall, where you have plenty of bathrooms donwstairs, and upstairs plenty of places to eat expensive but poor trade show food. The best part about the Sands Expo center is that it is in Las Vegas, so there are plenty of activities and ameneties surrounding you, 24 hours a day.
2	Trying to get anything done here is like attempting to ask for a manager at the US Post Office.My business partner bought a small carton a milk with a custard donut for breakfast at the concession stand. After taking a big swig, he wrinkled his nose in disgust and proclaimed that it tasted funny. Upon inspection, the culprit was determined: The expiration on the milk was March 12th, 2009. It was the 17th.After we all had a good laugh at his expense, I attempted to get some cash money ($2.25!) back for the 4oz. carton of milk. What an ordeal! It was like bartering at a Chinese swap meet! Worker: Take another milkMe: Um..no thanks, I don't trust your dairy products anymore. Can I just get my money back?Worker: How about a breakfast sandwich? It's more expensive but I'll give it to your for the same price.Me: I'd really like to just get my money backWorker: Let me check the milk. Wait...they're fine. These say April 1st.Me: Yes, but THIS ONE in my hand that you sold me 2 minutes ago says March 12th.Worker: Are you sure you bought that today?Me: Can I see your manager?Worker: I am the manager.I finally settled on 2 apples and a banana. I should've known better, last year they gave me food poisoning with the Chef Salad.
2	Was here for Interbike 2009 and I have to say this place needs some serious work.Few key highlights:-Setting up for the show, we were in grave danger of getting run over by fork lifts speeding around the floor at 30 mph--this seemed to happen when we were breaking the show down as well; the workers seem a bit lax in their regard to safety-food is HORRIBLE---for example they want $1.75 for a piece of half-rotten fruit and almost $10 for a crappy salad! don't even try! just sneak in your own or escape somewhere with real food-services we ordered for the show (including the operation of a keg) did not go over very smoothly.  this is just a taste of what you can expect from the Sands convention center.  good luck!
3	Convenient and clean.  Great location.  Food tolerable.
5	What can I say, this is the biggest athletic trade show I have ever seen in my life. Seriously, it dwarfed the renounded "San Diego Comicon" and many other massive trade shows.If you are in any way interested in cycling, sports, or just having fun, this is definitely not one to miss. So head out to Vegas and check it out!
1	I had to go to this convention center to pick up my race number for the Las Vegas half marathon.  Note: this convention center, for whatever reason, does not have its own parking and shares its parking with the Venetian.First try was at lunch.  I tried to get into the Venetian parking lot, but traffic barely budged.  So I turned around and tried to park at the Palazzo.  Got into the parking garage but no luck finding a parking space.  After driving around for 1 hour, I gave up and went back to work, wasting my lunch hour driving around LV Blvd., Koval, Sands and the poorly designed Palazzo parking garage.Second try was after work at 6pm.  I knew I only had 1 hour to pick up my race number since the expo closed at 7pm so I parked at Fashion Show in case the Venetian was packed again.  Walked across the two pedestrian bridges and then played chicken with the cars pulling into the Palazzo parking lot at 50 mph.  Finally got there, got my number, and trudged back to my car at Fashion Show.  I probably could have parked at the Venetian but, oh well.  I didn't want to risk it and end up eating my $125 entry fee because I couldn't get into the expo to pick up my number.  I only had time to do it today.The convention center is pretty run down, especially compared to the Venetian.  I'm not sure why they don't replace the carpet, which is torn in many places, including the stairs (dangerous!).  Also, this convention center seems to host a lot of events so they need to do a much better job at directing traffic.  One suggestion would be to direct the Venetian and Palazzo security guards to not, I repeat not, answer questions from every tourist that pulls up.  That seemed to be the big problem with getting into the parking.  I am very disappointed that the Rock n' Roll Marathon decided to move the expo from Mandalay Bay to the Sands.  I really, really hope that they do not do this next year.
2	I guess the highest positive I can give is that the Sands Convention Center has a lot of space. Then again, so does the Sahara.In terms of being able to set up a convention, sure, there's plenty of room, adequate lighting is available and the temperature can be controlled. It's nice since you're next to a number of casinos so that there are a number of activities for conventioneers. However, it's hard to really recommend because the signage and layout seems haphazard and it's a little difficult to get around. As another minus, I happened to wander here from a ground street only to be told that people could only enter through the Venetian. (Thus requiring an extra 10 minutes of wandering around only to be "let" in) Just doesn't seem visitor friendly......which is a minus for a convention center.
3	What is that syndrome called where you begin to identify with your kidnapper? Well that is how the relationship between the Sand Convention center and I has progressed. Last year, I felt like a rat trapped in the toilet, this past trip I was more "accepting" of the convention centers drawbacks.A note to all attending shows here. When they say they have multiple levels of convention space, what they really mean is they have a few great, spacious, luxurious ballrooms and convention halls, then they have two levels concrete, bomb shelter type parking garage that is used to house booths for large conventions. That being said, the staff has done a good job here of making the venue as easy as possible to navigate and get thru. I have been to many a convention center and I would say that the Sands puts on a slightly above average venue. Getting in and getting out this year went better than last, but the place is still a maze. If you see the minotaur just run...run........RUN!
2	Meeting rooms that trap you like the little rat that you are.  Not sure I can say that this is a must repeat location for me...the meeting rooms were cramped and small and I was offended for my company when I heard the data networking charges for basic internet access.... wow.  Usually rape is followed by a police report...
2	Attended Hospitality Design show here last week, and was underwhelmed by yet another disappointing convention center in Vegas.The only benefit to Sands is being adjoined to the Venetian. Sands as a convention center offers zero amenities, surprising that the convention center operators have done such a poor job of bidding out contracts to suitable food/bev vendors.Convention center itself appears in need of renovation.
2	Ugh. The Sands as a convention center is just wrong.The main reason for the ugh is the parking situation here. Where is it? I've lived in Las Vegas forever and I've been doing conventions for two and a half years. I've worked here a few times, but I always park at The Palazzo and walk through to the convention center. Next reason for "ugh". The place has long, dim, dark hallways leading to meeting rooms. Often convention-goers and workers are bustling around in places that seem inappropriate for them to be doing so.It does have a lot of space and it is connected to The Venetian/Palazzo, which I believe is its one true saving grace.Also they have renovated the carpet recently which in turn has made the place have a fresher scent. Still, I feel as though this place could be improved by being completely torn down and made new again.
3	I've worked shows involving the Sands Conv. Center, and it's very much... a convention center.  Getting in through the Palazzo parking lot is a trek;  the Sands itself is going to make you want to put gel insoles into your shoes before you head over.  Seriously.  The carpet on Level 2 Venetian mixed with the concrete of a floor will stab your heels and ankles unless you're prepared!
3	I don't know if I was in the Sands, I was in the conference rooms directly connected to the Venetian.  Overall they were ok, although some of the rooms would shake like there was an earthquake.  We had coffee, breakfast, but when the carafe was empty, too bad, you get nothing!
5	First time for this venue, here for a conference with over 6000 attending and wow this place is great for that.  The five floors of space allowed for a spread out group of meetings with that many people moving between floors, it was great having the escalators and elevators to help out. The meeting rooms were clean and spacious, the audio and IT staff were great at keeping things organized and running efficiently.  Our three rooms set aside for lunch were set up with great service and food was even good.  I will say this is a great place for conventions.
3	Your shoes and pants will be red by the end of the day with the carpet lint that cakes on them, flying up from the floors as you walk. Also cigarette smoke from the casino permeates everywhere. It is starting to show its age. The restaurants in the hotel to serve convention goers are on the higher price scale, but also very good food.
4	I was in town for the Interbike expo, so this place was a pseudo home for the week.I'm not really sure what sort of criteria to critique on a convention center, but this place served its purpose well, and the staff were oprganized and helpful. I guess that makes it a successful businessplace.  :-)
3	HUGE space for a convention.  That's probably a major plus for them.However, the self-parking deck and weaving through the poorly signed Venetian (we had to ask for directions like four times) makes convention going a painful experience.Great for tourists since you get stuck in one place, but terrible if you're trying to get to the Sands Expo and you can't walk there without trying to find a directory (which do not post "you are here" dots) or asking Security.Overall, the temperature was very good in the convention area, and once you get in there, it's actually a pretty nice area.We didn't try out the wifi there, so I'm not sure how it works covering such a large space.  Probably good to test out next time.
3	This place is enormous and it was a great space for a tradeshow once we were finally set up. Getting set up and getting out of there a few days later was a nightmare. We don't want to, nor can we afford to, hire unions to help us set up our booth. We pulled up front to unload and were constantly bombarded by security telling us to move on. The union guys straight up told us they weren't helping unless they were paid and that they've have us towed if we didn't leave. There's also no parking, they just tell you to go park elsewhere. Well it's a very long walk back to the convention center, so that really sucks. It especially sucks when you have a professional model (and new partner) to impress.I really wish they'd get rid of the freaking union and set up a better system for setting up and taking down booths. They are obnoxious and make it almost unaffordable to go. We really wanted some nice display cases, but that would've cost thousands. $100 to rent a table, which ended up being a flimsy little plastic table and they refused to move our little divider thing from one side of the booth to the other without charging.
3	Over the years, I've attended many conferences here.....ASD, MAGIC, CES, and many more I can't count.  The convention center was originally a free standing building next to the old Sands.  When they built the Venetian and Palazzo, they built it around this old building.....the key here is 'old'.That said, to get to the main floor from either resort it's a pretty long walk.  The easiest way to access it is via taxi or limo that drops you off at the steps....but I rarely take taxis in Vegas.There's no free internet access, so you'll either have to pay an arm and a leg or bring your own WiFi.  Good thing I have an iPad with a cellular plan....it's worth the cost....especially since I attend so many conferences.Restrooms are old and located on the level below the main floor.  The Las Vegas Convention Center is the same way, but their restrooms are more modern and large.  Oftentimes, this place has a long line waiting to use them because of the volume of people.Because they're trying to drive you to one of the casino properties, there's not much F&B options at the convention center.  The walk is long to get any decent food options.  Also, there's very few places to sit down and take a break from time to time....that's probably my biggest complaint about this place.  When you're on your feet for hours, you need to give show attendees places to rest.Compared to meeting space in other cities, this place rocks.  However, compared to places in Vegas...it's just OK.Return Factor - 100%.....because I have to.
4	Although the convention center is a bit of a walk from the resorts, once there everything is readily available to you.  The signage is good and the room layout is fairly easy to follow.  Great for small or large conventions.
2	first off parking for n event is a night mare. Then its in a basement so forget about it being decent walking distance from hotel lobby.
4	Who doesn't like walking up stares and playing a few hands of Texas hold'em while waiting for the empty crates to be delivered.  This is a great spot for a trade show.
1	This place is so huge (outside look is deceiving). Many halls and little rooms. You really need a map to get around or you'd end up in totally wrong event like I did. Catching cab is challenging, shuttle train thing is useless unless your destination is near the few stops(yet I can't find the entrance to station often) This isn't my fav conventions...
3	Old and not modern. Going to the old downstairs bathrooms brought to mind "Welcome to the Terrordome".
4	Being that I attend 5-6 trade shows here in Vegas a year, I notice and appreciate the little things.  First and foremost, free parking....it is a little bit of a walk from the Palazzo parking lot, but hey, it's free, and the walk is air conditioned.  Second, although still over priced, the food is not as expensive as another large convention center which shall remain nameless.  Furthermore, service from security, laborers, and convention workers was delivered with a higher sense of urgency and concern when compared to previously mentioned convention center.  It's big, it's ugly, it's old....but it's a convention center.  The exhibits and potential new clients have always been my main focus when attending these conventions, not the facility itself.  Four stars! Go Sands Expo and Convention Center.
3	Not a huge fan of this place, but I have been here multiple times in various roles for a few expos.  This place is huge, and they generally attract a large traffic during an expo, yet they only have a small drop off area, and parking relies on the ones in Venetian and Palazzo.  Anyone not used to walking marathons should consider renting mobile assist equipment.During a show, you get a badge that will ID you, and everyone will treat you differently according to the color.  When visiting with the buyers, everything felt like a breeze, and we received treatment like VIPs most of the times from the sellers and event staffs.  However, when visiting with sellers, you get the feeling of being extorting money in every possible ways by the show, and they expect you to stay in your booth since other sellers will see you as a threat regardless of your product type.There are definitely some mixed feelings for the Sands Expo, and I suppose your experience all depends on your role or that color-coded badge at the expo.
3	Yes, it's a convention center.  Convention centers are usually nice, clean and classy with their free water and pens.  The Sands is no exception.  HOWEVER... would it kill the Sands to provide free wifi for conference-goers?  The absolute lack of wifi in this convention center makes me want to cry.  Apparently they charge PER individual login so the College Board only opted to provide presenters with a code.  They were sworn not to share with us so we had no access to a lot of the digital 'handouts' that were provided by presenters.  WHAT?  Aside from the Internet nonsense, this is a decent convention center.  Clean, smoke-free (gotta do that in the gaming areas), lots of free water, tons of space and comfortable-enough chairs.  Nice, large exhibition area and pretty good catered food (at least AP provided that).  The unbelievable charges on the part of this convention center for wifi, though, really prevent me from giving a higher rating.  It's 2013... HOW IS THERE JUST NOT FREE WIFI EVERYWHERE, ALL THE TIME?
3	It's a giant convention center. I mean giant! You won't believe how big this place is since it doesn't look so huge from the outside. The halls are massive and can hosts lots of conventions at once. They have been doing some renovations so the bathrooms are nicer, and the common areas have new carpet and furnishings. There are some shiny new Coke machines ($3 for a 20 ounce bottle) as well. The biggest plus for the Sands Convention Center is that it's connected to the Venetian / Palazzo so it's right on the Strip (and during breaks you can walk to those properties for lunch instead of getting stuck at the ridiculously overpriced snack bar).The biggest negative is the drop-off area. It is INSANE. There is one teeny tiny little underpass where you can get a taxi or have someone meet you. When I have a convention, I walk a few blocks and have my husband pick me up down the street. It can take a long time for cars to get through traffic just to turn IN to the place.
3	It's a giant convention center. I mean giant! You won't believe how big this place is since it doesn't look so huge from the outside. The halls are massive and can hosts lots of conventions at once.They have been doing some renovations so the bathrooms are nicer, and the common areas have new carpet and furnishings. There are some shiny new Coke machines ($3 for a 20 ounce bottle) as well.The biggest plus for the Sands Convention Center is that it's connected to the Venetian / Palazzo so it's right on the Strip (and during breaks you can walk to those properties for lunch instead of getting stuck at the ridiculously overpriced snack bar).The biggest negative is the drop-off area. It is INSANE. There is one teeny tiny little underpass where you can get a taxi or have someone meet you. When I have a convention, I walk a few blocks and have my husband pick me up down the street. It can take a long time for cars to get through traffic just to turn IN to the place.
1	I've been to tons of conventions all over the US; my organization had their most recent annual conference here last month.It is a great facility with tons of space, conference and meeting rooms.  Additionally it was clean, buuuuuut,My problems:- The building was clearly designed to stifle cellular communications.  Everyone I spoke to was having issues connecting with their wireless devices, regardless of carrier.  This made it impossible to use the app that my organization had purchased to communicate meetings and locations.  It was so bad that I couldn't even send or receive text messages.  And I didn't get my voicemails for the week until I left for the airport. They were more than willing let you pay ridiculous prices for WIFI access.- The food was awful.  Now I get it, when you are hosting a convention for 6000+ people, there is an economy of scale.  However, this stuff was so bad I'm not sure my dog would have eaten it.- The staff was just rude.  From the brusque impolite way they seated people for meals (someone snapped at me and whistled at someone else!), to the way the staff acted like facists when it came time for snacks.- The security did a rotten job of keeping non-attendees out of major events, it happens sometimes, but not the scale that happened at our event.- It was hot.  As balls.  I get it, you're in the desert.  We should be happy we are even alive.  But it was just stuffy and warm in almost every session.  So yeah, avoid or be prepared before you come.
3	I have been coming to LV for over 20 years for different trade shows, conferences, and expos (plus shows in cities like Chicago, L.A., San Diego, San Antonio, New Orleans, etc. for comparison). Yes, the convention center may be confusing for a first time attendee because The Venetian (and subsequently The Palazzo) were build around it. It has been updated and compares favorably with convention spaces in other cities. Tips: don't eat the overpriced food in the expo area - go "upstairs" to "St. Mark's Square" and enjoy a nice lunch at one of the many very good restaurants or hit the food court for some quicker choices. Get coffee at The Coffee Bean. Wi-Fi is ridiculously priced so we use a phone or other device to create a mobile hotspot to access the internet. I have not had a problem with cellular reception. If you find the hotel prices too expensive, I've stayed across LV Blvd. at Treasure Island and use the pedestrian bridge to The Venetian or Harrah's (which has a LV monorail stop) and is next door (exit out the back near the parking area to make your way over to The Venetian). Enjoy your time in Las Vegas!
4	Is this my favorite venue for attending conventions?  Nah, but I still like the place.  It's in Vegas so that's always a plus.Another positive fact is that it is located between the Palazzo Hotel and the Venetian Hotel.  So, if you get bored at the convention....then you can head on over to the casino!  Oh yeah!Seriously, though, this convention center is very nice.  It's huge and clean.  Be prepared to walk to get to the meeting room or hall that you need to go to here.  It can be confusing at first because it is such a large place.  After the first time here, it's no problemo.
2	My issue is with the food service in the convention halls. The Bistros are appalling, the service is slow and inadequate, the prices are extortionate, not enough seating available and the food quality is bad tooI'm sorry but 17$ for a coffee, crappy sandwich and a bag of chips is insane. When working a convention, it's not always possible to get out into the Venetion/Palazzo to get decent food. Really needs improving.....
2	UGH I'm not sure why I gave this place 3 stars before?? Re-reading my review, it clearly deserves 2 (possibly 1). The parking situation is insane. Why you wouldn't have at least SOME parking for a freaking convention center is beyond me. The show we exhibited at last week was way bigger than last year, so it made our experience almost unbearable.This time, the surly union guys were even more d*ickish about loading and unloading. We left our car for a few minutes to take some items to the booth and by the time we got back, the guy was already writing us a ticket! I understand they want to keep things moving, but how are we supposed to unload an entire car in 30 seconds?Again, making people park at the Venetian or Palazzo and then walk 20 minutes really blows. I really don't understand this place and I'm pissed we have to exhibit here again in January!
4	This convention center is gigantic in size.After walking around the exhibitor area the walk seemed like a mile walk around the perimeter of the hall.
4	I'm here every year for the AAPEX show.  My company has a booth and stand so I get to deal with the wonderful world of union employees - Vegas style!  To be honest, I have never had ONE bad experience here.  Is it overpriced?  Yes.  But the service and the performance (ability to make things happen) is always on point.The one really big complaint I've always had, are the bathrooms.  Really.  They are basically non existent.  This last time I stood in line with a bunch of men to use the one open loo.  It was not a pleasant experience.  A convention center of this size has no way of being clean.  I see a show from set up to tear down, and I'm always amazed that no one get's killed or injured.  The place is huge and there is only so much people can do.The transportation is easy in and out which I love - and being connected to Casinos doesn't hurt!
1	Back here for SHOT show...show itself is awesome but convention center makes me feel so digressed. Location is okay, but design of floors, access is nightmare, food option is worst, who in the right mind wants to host events here?!
4	We were here for a conference. It's hugeeasy to navigateclean bathroomsconnected to the venetian casino lobby.   Go to Grand Luxe or Noodle Asia to eat.   Disclaimer: you may be tempted to gamble on the way to the restaurant and lose all your money :x
3	I came for SHOT Show, not the porn convention, I swear.  There is not much to say about convention centers other than they serve their purpose.  The Sands does just that.  Provide a large space, bathrooms and sub-par, overpriced refreshments.  Check, check and check.
5	I have been here a few times for Trade Shows.  The Center is perfectly fine, I just tend to have issues with the people who run the break down of the shows.  Way too chaotic.
5	Wrap up party for a week long convention! Sands did a wonderful job! Massive space, plenty of clean bathrooms, no complaints! Housed in the lovely Venetian. At the host's request (I assume) there were about a dozen different rooms and stations, each with a different theme, cuisine, and accompanying cocktails.  World Cup with beer, dogs, burgers. Foosball tables. Oktoberfest with, of course, the chicken dance and some lederhosen. Italian station with all cured meats, cheeses, and breads. Asian noodle station. Tons of sushi. The jazz lounge with amazing tunes and champagne cocktails. The main room with the Spazs rocking the stage, huge dance floor, tons of seating. I could go on and on! WONDERFUL JOB SANDS! Great job setting up the space, perfect lighting, fantastic catering, friendly bartenders, and helpful staff on the floor. And, very special thanks to our wonderful hosts for sparing no expense...as usual! Xx
3	I was there for new teacher orientation for CCSD.  The rooms were clean and spacious, the food was good, and the staff were friendly.  Can't ask for anything else.
1	I was there for a 4 day conference. I felt like it was a prison. There was NO WINDOW and so no ventilation. No sunlight into the conf rooms or anywhere.The construction is good but just a waste without any thought for even a single window .
4	Great spot for conferences - I work at this venue quite a bit photographing events.  The only thing I wish were that there would be some parking off Sands instead of having to park at The Palazzo or Venetian.
1	I wrote a review on the venition when I was staying there, but I should have posted one on here. My wife and I were at the venition for a weekend and decided to go to the covention they were having. I was walking threw the outside to threw the parking garage and some big guy wearing a red ses shirt and a silver name tag was sitting outside by the garage, ( an obvious sands employee ) hit on my wife, very disrespectful. He looked high on something and the garage smelled horrible of pot. I think for such a high end place they would maybe drug test or background check there employees, I own a bussiness and I would never ever! Let my employees do such a thing. His name was john v or john n. I I didnt want my anger to get the best of me so we left and never to return. I understand  some drunk guy wondering the strip but not an employee. I will never recommend my company to hold a booth there nor will I return to the venition.
3	I was in the Sands Expo and Convention Area once before but never on a scale of this past weekend when I attended the Sony PlayStation Experience.  It seemed like the meeting rooms and convention spaces just went on and on.The Center is fairly new and very clean and spiffy as compared to our other big convention spot just down Sands Avenue and Paradise a bit which is showing its age.The huge crowd was handled fairly well but there was a problem with the electronic tickets.  Again, if you had paper, you almost went to the front of the line.The staff were quite friendly and polite in moving such a large group of people into Hall A for the opening festivities before Hall B opened and the gamers could get at their controllers and try the games.One drawback for some would be the long walk.  I parked at the Palazzo and came through restaurant row and then hung a left to the convention center.  I saw some people who came up in the elevator from the garage with me who walked around outside and then had to walk back to the end of the line.  The parking distance would be a major factor for some.  For me, it was just another hike.
4	Good convention center for large events. I came here twice once for CES and recently for PlayStation Experience. The hallways are wide and the actual hall where the show floor is very roomy. Its ventilated pretty well and the staff is friendly.
