3	On our recent trip to Vegas, we were looking for a family friendly show, which would be easy on the pocketbook. I found half price VIP tix for V through BestofVegas.com.  I reserved the tix right away, very happy with paying $40 per person for the 5 of us.  I was even happier that they reserve specific seats for you and let you know in advance what those seats will be.  No worries about showing up at will call and being assigned the last minute bad seats because you bought discount tix.  We bought our tix a week before our trip and got seats right in the center of the first VIP row.  Note: This is not right in front of the stage where the small tables are situated, but who wants to spend the show cramping your neck looking up at the stage anyways... With the VIP seats comes the VIP line.  It moved just about the same as the regular line, but was much shorter.  We arrived in line 10 minutes prior to the show as suggested and got in within 5 minutes.  The V Theatre is actually pretty small, and it was completely packed that night.  The show was hosted by these two funny gauchos and included a guy who balanced on stacks of cylinders and miscellaneous objects, a comedian who brought up four audience members and put funny masks on them, a hand balancing duo who exhibited amazing feats of strength, a magician who kept pulling birds out of nowhere, and aerial acrobats swinging above the audience.Overall, the show was pretty entertaining.  We laughed, hooted, clapped, and even did the wave numerous times.  The show was short, just over an hour long.  I would not pay full price for this show.  Get your tickets at half price in advance and spend the other $40 per person on a nice dinner!
3	Show was good but I did not like the seating at all...why do they seat us like that?? I could barely see the stage and felt really cramped up.  But the price is low and the performers were good but 3 stars for that.
3	i saw this show like march of 08 i believe. this was my first show in vegas. i had never experienced any. we got our tickets at halftickets. those booths/stores that sell tickets a lil bit cheaper. so the acts that the show had were really good. some were a lil freaky that i closed my eyes. and others were scary and i also closed my eyes. lol. i believe that this show also sold pics afterwards. you know the pics that they take of you right before the show. but anyway..the thing that i didnt like was that the seating sucked! the show that we attended had about an audience of..20-30. so we were all sitting in the front really close to each other. i dont really like this because then i get all worried about smelling or moving too much. this place also i think that has a deal that if you pay a bit more you get to sit in the front around a table and (i think) get unlimited drinks. im not too sure though. this is show is good, see it...only if you like to sit close to strangers.
3	The seating for this theatre is horrible and they changed it quite a bit since i last saw the show. But if you go try to get VIP seats because those are the best in the house. This show is good to see with the family. It's god the young kiddie humor as well as adult humor. The acts change so my experience may be different from yours. However there are a few main acts.The two guys on the promos are the best strong men on the strip.Usually I'm bored during such an act  but these two make it clever, unique and overall exciting. The Gaucho's are funny too. Their act is mostly comedy but they do a few tricks. The great thing is after the show you can take pictures with the acts. Which is neat. Not many places will do that. Also! Drinks are pricey but not absurb. And there is also merchandice too.. I gave it a three because the theatre serious needs updating, and the stage design as well.
4	We went to see this show, after Christmas 08. We loved the show. My rating for the show would be "I am a fan". The comedy at the show was smart and great for both adult and kids. The 2 guys at the V poster were great. Typically I am skeptical about circus kind of show as what else is there to see. This show did not disappoint us with constant smart humor, specially Waly Eastwood.Now about the sitting arrangement that sucks. Its not a auditorium, rather bunch chair arranged in a big room. They do not give you seat number. So you have to go earlier stand in line to get a good seat. This will waste at least an hour of your limited time at Vegas. Plus at line there was chaos at one point as no body was there administrating the line. So people were arguing at some point who came first to the line. And general sitting area sucks. I would suggest rather get the VIP seats then you dont have to wait in line and see some tall guys head from row front of you during the show.Plus the show started late, then again I saw few other shows at the strip they were late too.
3	This is actually a 2.5 star review. My fiance and I only caught this show because we got the tickets for a decent price. We had VIP tickets so we thought we would be seated somewhere away from the general admission ticket folks or like in a nice booth or something. To our surprise VIP is just basic assigned seating and nothing special. The only advantage to the VIP tickets was that our line wasn't as long as the general admissions line.The show itself was just OK for us. We would have been disappointed if we paid full price for the tickets. This is more of a family show where you can bring the family and kids. The shows has about six different acts, magician, acrobats, gymnast, impersonator, and I forgot the other two. I enjoyed the magician the most while my fiance enjoyed the impersonator. Other than that nothing else really kept our interest.
3	Fun, light hearted... but only if you have the discounted tickets (Half off). Not worth the full price tickets!It's not a big production.  In fact the chairs, the room, etc... are pretty low class.  And they made us stand outside for ever!  The joggler was awesome.
2	This show was okay... the host was pretty funny. He was the only person that kept people interested.  I wouldn't go unless you have half off coupons. Do not pay full price for it. Not worth it!!  The seating inside sucks! Just chairs... some people didn't even get to sit.  If you sit in the back, you can barely see the performers on stage.  People's heads in the way, a pole in the middle of the room. WTF!!!   It was hot inside too! They over book on purpose. Get there early, the lines are ridiculously long!!!
3	this show has a lot of talent, but it was alright. It has variety of acts. The show seemed to feel fast. the host was somewhat funny but not too funny. Not worth spending money on this show
3	We wanted something on the cheap for our last night in Vegas, so we headed over to 1/2 price tics.  We got a great deal with 2 drinks included.  Don't expect anything fancy.  It's just chairs and a stage.  Don't worry about being front row.  There is an act that actually flies over everybody.  All the acts were entertaining and worth the price we paid.  You get acrobatics, comedy, and music in one.  They offer the next show which is a Hypnotist or something for $5.  So you could make a night of it if you have the time.Note on drinks:  You have to order both at the same time and make sure to order right away, or you might not get it later.  It also only included like Pabst beer and well drinks.
3	I tend to agree that the show itself was entertaining, and it had a little bit of everything to keep you interested.  In terms of venue it's nothing like the stages like the O @ the Bellagio or Phantom @ the Venetian, but this a pretty friendly to all ages, and is a low key, no frills entertainment show inside of the Planet Hollywood, where you just grab a seat and watch these performers go at it on stage.  You get a little bit of everything from this show, which is nice if you are with people how cannot decide what they want to watch, you get a mixture of jugglers, comedians, magicians, musicians and even some aerobatics.  It's kind of a grab bag, so you don't really know what you are going to get on any given night.Tickets go for about 50.00 bucks, but we managed to get get ours for free, I will say go early, they will make you wait outside for a bit and a decent sized line will build up, so seating will fill up fast when they open the doors.  Also I will agree, that they seem to really want to cram you in there, I'm not a tall man, but even my leg room was a little tight, additionally if you get seated behind a tall person, have fun contorting your body so you can watch the show.  The show itself was fun, and there definitely some talent with these performers, to bad the experience get spoiled by to poorly thought out floor plan.
4	Stage was pretty small but the show was really entertaining.  Some acts were so-so, but other acts were amazing.  The host/performer was awesome.  He had some crazy skills, he's a comedian, speed juggler and was able to play Bethoven's fur elise with a bunch of ping pong balls amongst his other many talents.  I was picked to come up on stage and be involved in one of the performances.  I wish i was able to see what i was doing, because i wasn't sure what i was doing because i had to put a mask on and then make some stupid gestures when the host tapped me on the shoulder... but the audience was laughing at everything.   I guess i put on a great show because i received compliments from random people, either that or they were making fun of me haha Obviously it doesn't compare to other shows at bigger casinos, but for around $60 a ticket (for VIP + 2 free drinks) it doesn't get any better.  Here's a tip for everyone.... NEVER BUY TICKETS FROM THE ACTUAL BOX OFFICE!  You can save so much money buying tickets from the show stands on the strip or even online before you get there.
4	Great show for a great price, you get the best opening and side acts all put together in one show. A lot of the performers in this show do opening acts for other shows here in vegas. The Gauchos were funny as well as another act involving masks which can also be seen at Nathan burton's show. If you are one of those people who are hard to please when it comes to shows then you will find an act in this show that you will absolutely love.
4	Very entertaining show - the acts this time included two male Russian gymnasts, a female Russian acrobatic gymnast, a magician, a juggler (the host), and a comedy act.  We got a deal on the VIP seats and sat in front - based on the other reviews about the bad seating, the VIP route is the way to go.  All in all a very entertaining show - highly recommended!
3	This show was pretty good for the money. I got to see five different acts, plus Wally Eastwood, the MC.The Acts were mediocre,but Wally Eastwood stole the show. He was funny and had some awesome talents. It would be a great show even if it was just to see him.Advice: Get the tickets out on the strip. I got riped off buying it online.Warning: The lines are crazy long and the stage and seating is sub par.
2	Not worth the hype or the money.Wally Eastwood (MC) was the only good thing about this show. Look him up on YouTube. Yes, the Russian acrobats were really talented and strong, but the hula hooping was nothing new. There was another performance of "flying" male acrobats again later on in the evening and the "featured" event at the end was horrible. The featured event was a guy who basically mixed a bunch of songs together and made some costumes that can be converted to work with multiple songs. It's hard to explain and probably doesn't even sound interesting through my description because it's not.The show was only a little over an hour and with a 50% discount cost us $60 per person (VIP). You can get better 1/2 price tickets to other shows.We paid an extra $10 for VIP with 2 free drinks each which was well worth it and we purchased it through lasvegasshows.com, which definitely had the best deal at the time. It's worth it not to stand in line and we had great seats with a little table. Probably wouldn't recommend this show.
4	This was definitely a budget vegas show but at $35 a ticket I was satisfied. The MC Wally Eastwood was ridiculously entertaining. I could have watched him for the entire hour. But I did enjoy the other acts as well. Well all of them except for the last guy who was supposed to be the headliner. Luckily his skit was only about 5-10 minutes. Don't get me wrong I laughed a few times at his performance but I would have been much happier if they would have cut him and added a few minutes to Wally's skit. But I would say that this show is not so much of an all ages show. Sure there was no profanity or nudity however the comedy seemed to be way over the heads of the two 7-10 year old boys who were sitting in front of us. I actually brought my 16 year old sister and her boyfriend to this show and they enjoyed it but I just can't see paying that much for a younger child's entry to this show.
3	This was my first time ever seeing a show in Vegas and it was a pretty good one. From a host that juggled to Russian acrobats to The TV Guy - it was full of many laughs. We got a pretty good deal on Vegas.com - VIP seats plus free drinks and picture at the end of the show. The host/juggler, Wally Eastwood, was pretty good. He was FULL of energy which could be overwhelming if this wasn't Vegas - he apparently is well-known on the internet. This show is pretty good - a bit cheesy at times, but it gave us a good laugh.
3	Don't ever pay full price for this show, they always have discounted tickets for this show at those 1/2 price ticket booths on the strip.Venue is not that great, small area with small stage and regular chairs, don't expect to be comfortable.  The show itself was decent, you get a little bit of everything: comedy, juggling, acrobatics, magic, etc.  The Russian Acrobats were one of my favorites. The magician was the WORST, can't believe it's his face all over the billboards.  I was so unimpressed with the magic and knew how most of them worked, boring!! Thank goodness for Wally Eastwood (MC), he was a funny host and very talented! My favorite act from him: he played Bethoven with ping pong balls, WOW!Overall, a somewhat entertaining show. Not worth full price but a decent show to watch at 1/2 price.
5	This was my first show in Vegas, and I was blown away. I had so much fun laughing, cheering, clapping, smiling, drinking that in the end I didn't want it to be over. Stunts are amazing, host is hilarious, everything about the show keeps you entertained! Yes, some parts can be a bit cheesy, but I didn't mind and its good for groups, kids, families, couples. (everyone, haha) The stage is a bit small, but they utilize every part of the space, the drums were awesome which were located up at the way top. I didn't know better, and paid full price for tickets..instead always buy it at those half off ticket booths or online for about $39. Half off the price. For that price, I am willing to even see it again next time!
4	Be sure not to pay full price for this show, as you can get heavily discounted tickets fairly easily. I didn't even realize they were charging $50+ for this show until I read the other yelp reviews. When I came we got good seats for only about $30, which I think is a fair price. V lacks the production values, pomp, and self indulgence of other shows Vegas is more typically known for. The seats are just ordinary chairs, with a small table between them to put your drinks on. The stage itself is really small so don't expect to be blown away by anything you see. The show consists of a variety of comedy, magic, acrobatics, and music. A couple of the acts used audience participation as well. Individually assessed, each act is only at the level of what you'd see at the circus, county fair, or local comedy club, but as a whole it's really quite entertaining. There weren't a lot of kids besides my brothers at the show, but I'd say the show is borderline family friendly. Not really a problem unless you're a complete prude.If you're short on money, see if you can get cheap tickets to V. It's not anything life altering but you will be entertained.
2	We bought the VIP tickets (6 of us), which included the dinner and show package; The dinner was quite good, the show, however, was a totally different story. My family had a great time, since this was their first Vegas show, however, my fiancee and I were quite disappointed. It included a little bit of everything, but nothing that creative, except the two Russian man and the juggler with his ping pong balls and the jokes... I advise against paying to watch this show!
5	Holy crap. This is truly the best show I've seen in Vegas over the course of several visits!All of the talent and class you expect from a cirque show in a much more intimate theater (they actually tell you not to stand up when the acrobats come out because they're flying just over you head) and for 1/3 of the price!
2	I don't want to write a lot about this show since it wasn't the most enjoyable thing I have ever seen.  It stood as a Bottom-Tier Las Vegas Talent Show incorporating all sorts of outrageous talents and individuals.  Cheers to each one of these performers and their crafts.  Unfortunately for the show as a whole...it was kinda boring, mediocre, and I wish I would have taken my money to see one of the most astonishing Vegas shows or acts.  Willy Eastwood:  Great Humble-Humor host.  I couldn't believe my eyes when he juggled balls in his mouth (yes, I just wrote that! Hahaha)Aerial Expressions:  They started out slow as just a couple of rock star-looking guys without shirts swinging around on ropes. Then they exploded into a triumphant display of aerial acrobatics that ended up being pretty rad. Jason Byrne:  He was my personal favorite.  Magician Extraordinaire!   He was fully entertaining and semi-creepy...a perfect guy for the job.  (Idea:  Use your assistant more...she is Hot for a reason!)Russ Merlin:  Terrible.  His 10 minutes was the biggest waste of Vegas-time. It was low intelligence comedy...not very thought out and simply obnoxious.  Joe Tramel:  Politely....never do your act again!!! Just don't do it. Save your energy. Iuori and Nikoli:  These two guys picked each other up, held each other in gross positions, and put on a display of guts and strength like no other.  Usually I'm not a big fan of acts involving men without their shirts and wearing tight pants while touching each other intimately...but this was awesome.  So, if you are on a budget...see this show.  If not, skip it and see something more sensational or take your money to the poker tables and lose it to one of my friends.
1	I think we paid too much for this show, $42 for each ticket (general, not VIP) and it's definitely not worth the money. The first performance with masks which involved volunteers from the audience was so lame. The host was OK but with some weird jokes too. Maybe we just waited too long in line, for a couple of hours...The Bird Magician was good though.Again, it all depends on what is expected. We expected much more.
4	Willy Eastwood makes this show worth the $30 that we paid to see it. He was freakin' hilarious. Most of the other acts (they change all the time), were ok, but the worst was this young girl who was on one of the NBC talent shows. She didn't sound very good, or as Randy would say, "Kinda pitchy, dude."I am giving it four stars because it was interesting and lively. I have seen other shows at this theater and they all seem very fun and have lots of audience participation. I would recommend it!
4	I like this show. It's cheap and it has everything from acrobats, musicians, flying people... you know all of those cool names that I don't know of. Any who.. this show had lots of humor.. The humor is Good for adults and for children. You get a chance to win some prizes here. It's a neat show to take your family to. I would do it again.
4	Suprisingly I thought that this was not going to be that great due to the size of the venue but I was wrong...EVERY SINGLE ACT was talented in their own way and WALLY was the best...They had some great tap dancers, acrobatics and comedic acts that defnitely keep the audience entertained. If you have time after the big shows and don't want to go broke at the casinos, check this show out!!
4	I have to say that I was more than pleasantly surprised with this show.  I love watching live shows and always made a point to watch a few shows on every trip to Vegas.  My friends that we traveled with this time, requested to see V.  To be honest, if it wasn't for my friends suggesting it, I would have never thought to watch this show.  Variety show is just not usually my thing.I am so glad we went!  It was hilarious.  Every act was from good to freakishly awesome.  If you want a good laugh, I would highly recommend it.
4	There's nothing totally glitzy or glamorous about this show but what I can tell you is that for such a great price, this a an awesome show to go and see.  I've seen it multiple times now, and they put a whole bunch of acts from around the strip in this show to showcase their talents...so the talent is always changing.  It definitely makes for a fun and different show every time we go.Stay after and watch Marc Savard for some extra laughs.  Makes for a great action packed, and fun filled night!
4	Hubby & I got the chance to see this show while in Las Vegas....it was great!!!  Juggling, contortionists, hula-hoops, magic, it was all awesome.  Funny, entertaining, and a good all around show. The only thing we didn't like was the hour wait before the show for general admission, we were in the very front of the line....but ended up sitting in the very back row....the people who were at the end of the line got seated in the front row....kind of a messed up arrangement huh....   It was almost like we were punished for showing up early and waiting in line...
5	I enjoyed this show so much. It was my very first Vegas show, and it rocked. The Gauchos were my favorite part. There are all kinds of acts: comedy, magic, and stunts. Be sure to check it out.
4	This show was much better then I thought. From what I was told the show was redone and is better then before. I have a pretty short attention span and this show kept my attention . It is not the best show Ive ever seen but still very entertaining. I recommend it!
4	Great entertainment for a good price! I'm told the acts change frequently so I won't comment too much on them. Wally the MC is really great though, really gets the crowd going. Would definitely do this again! The venue is small so there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Don't let that deter you though, it's still good entertainment.
4	Wally the MC really made this show amazingly entertaining. He's the act between the acts and he definitely keeps you laughing. I had no idea what this show was about  before I saw it but it seemed interesting...and it was. It's pretty small inside but it makes for better viewing of the stage. I'm sure the acts are constantly changing but the ones I saw were very talented, truly impressive. Worth the time and money. Check it out!
5	Seen a lot of shows in Vegas - our favorite is 'O'I thought this would be just a so-so night and the price was right so - we did it.This show was great from start to finish! The audience never stopped laughing, clapping and enjoying all of the entertainers.  There is something for everyone and I would highly recommend spending the extra for vip seating and the drink, photo package. I will do this show again and bring friends!
4	Very entertaining, but the line that forms to get in is rather long. All the acts were pretty great, especially Wally with his punchlines and Russ, whose act kept me laughing for a long time. The show also featured Melinda the magician, which was pretty good as well. I wish the stage was bigger though. Overall, it was a good show for the discounted price - the full price is probably asking a bit too much.
3	I have seen this show several times, and while the acts change, it's gotten a little old for me.  The lining up an hour in advance drives me crazy and I just don't do it.  I don't need to sit that close in this small theatre.  I sat in the very last row next to the sound booth and my view was perfectly good.I thought the lining up was a bit better last night.  I arrived 15 minutes before the show was to start and I ran into the new routine of having your photo taken before you enter the theatre and then getting into another line.  Since I was alone, the young woman let me skip the photo and go right to the general admission line toward the Stripper Bar.  Then it was a wait there until the other show let out and we could enter.I like the opening comic/juggler.  He's good.  I've seen him before but I still laughed at his silly puns and jokes.   The Ukrainian gymnast was good but didn't really wow me.  I did get the chance to see Melinda--the First Lady of Magic.  It was sort of blah.  I guess I'm beyond magic.  There are just so many acts like that in Las Vegas that you only need to change the person and the set and you're basically seeing the same thing.  Aerial Expressions was my favorite part of the show.  The guys are excellent and this hasn't gotten stale for me.  I didn't think the TV Guy was as funny as I did before.  Actually, I thought this segment was a bit labored.I am glad they rotate their shows.  I had a comp voucher that expired the end of the month.  I was hoping to see the roller skating duo who left Absinthe but they were not in the show.  When you get free or discounted tickets, this show is a very pleasant diversion from the casinos and shopping.
2	This show probably has the greatest variety of performances than any other show in Vegas. The show was very funny, and the acts were great. There was just one problem during the show...The last act of the show was was 2 skaters on a very small trampoline. They were spinning around at incredible speeds, and I was completely astonished! The boy was holding the girl's hands, and she was completely in the air spinning with him. Suddenly, she was thrown into the audience (while they were spinning), and she hit a woman in the front row. Everyone was escorted out, and the show ended abruptly. I only got a glimpse of the woman, but I think paramedics managed to help her. I don't know what happened to her, and I'm guessing the next show was cancelled. The show was fine, but the people who are selecting the acts need to make sure that they are safe and will not have any chance in harming the audience. What i noticed is that the stage is so small, if it was a bit larger, then I think the acts could be performed without the audience worrying if they were going to be killed.Unfortunately, this incident really ruined my whole experience with the Ultimate V show, and I would not recommend this to a friend (because I don't what them to be seriously hurt ! )
4	At the last minute, some friends of ours said 'lets go to dinner and a show'!  I was skeptical that we were gonna pay top dollar for some horrible performance of who knows what.  I remembered that The V Theater had many shows to choose from and it was right across from where said friends were staying.  This show just happened to fit best into our time frame for the night and i am so glad it did!  We paid $34.99 for each ticket, which I thought was a bargain, but  left me with low expectations.  I couldn't have been more wrong!  We all really enjoyed the show and can't wait to return to The V Theater to catch more of the fun!
4	3.789134 StarsI've never laughed as much during a Vegas show as I did for V.  The host of the show, Wally Eastwood, really is the glue that keeps everything together.  He was hilarious, insane and uniquely talented.  We got VIP seats through a buddy that works for Saxe Productions and were seated in the front row.  I was a little worried about becoming a volunteer on stage and rightly so!  Wally asked us a couple of questions during the show and gave us a signed DVD with juggling balls which was nice.  Then I was brought up for the last act with the crazy percussion gauchos while being mildly grilled the entire time.  At least my wife thought it was funny :)As for a quick rundown for the other acts in the show:- Happy to see the tap dancers, Sean and John, again.  Saw them during Vegas the show and they were a highlight.- The hula hoop dancer was fine and on par with others I've seen.  - I had already seen the guy doing the comedy skits with the 4 volunteers in masks during a Nathan Burton performance but it was still really funny.- The female magician with the disappear/reappear illusions was fine but the dancing was kind of awkward and strange.  Just stick to the magic!- The strong man act was good but there's a reason these guys were in Mystere 10 years ago and are here now.  I remember reading a Las Vegas Weekly article about these guys a while back.  At least there's life in LV for ex-Cirque performers.   But it's all about the host in the end, WALLY.  The whole bouncing balls on a large synthesizer had me in awe.I knew what to expect going into the show.  You will be disappointed if you're expecting Jubilee, Cirque, or Phantom productions.  It's in the V theater which is the house of low budget shows.  None of that mattered to me.  I left feeling entertained and satisfied which is a lot more than I can say for other shows I've seen on the strip.  As with all V theater shows, sobriety is NOT recommended.
4	Awesome for kids! Sit up front... Makes it all more fun. :)
4	My Absinthe experience is now complete. Well, it's more complete than it was before tonight.There's a certain charm that comes with smaller, more intimate shows. With tighter budgets and fewer effects, you really appreciate what the cast brings to the stage. The small setting allows the performers to better connect with the audience and convey an energy that can be lost in larger crowds.Overall, I'd say I enjoyed the show quite a bit. It was certainly much funnier than I could have expected. Sure, the hula hoop girl and Melinda (the first lady of magic) were the weaker sets, but they were still enjoyable. Yes, Wally's self-deprecating humor dragged a bit long, but the segment where he plays with his balls is pure gold.And then there's that roller skating duo. I watched Absinthe the week before its original lease ran out. I haven't reviewed it because my inside source told me that several acts were missing. (No wonder the Gazillionaire's racy jokes felt like they dragged on for ages--he was filling time). Come to find out, one such act moved to this show. So thanks to Lily and her blood tickets, I finally got to see the roller skating action I kept hearing about. They were a fitting finale to this fun show.
4	Better than anticipated! I never expect much when I see something at Planet Hollywood theater. They usually put the cheapo mediocre shows in that place. But this was good. The host was funny and talented, and many of the acts were very good also. The two balancing men were good (seen them before in other shows though). The juggling was great. The man with the masks created a comedic show using audience members (one of my favorite parts). The magic lady was just okay. Small cute theater, with drink service. A nice little evening.
4	I thought this show was awesome for what we paid. The theatre was pretty small but it was nice because we could actually see the act that was performing. This show is very appropriate for families and people looking to laugh and be entertained. Most of the shows in Vegas are racy and this show is the complete opposite which is a nice change. I would have liked it to be longer and have more acts but overall I was happy with my experience.
4	"Hey Wally, Go Faster!"My cheeks, stomach, and sides were in for a heck of a workout. Honestly, you can't do this show and not laugh. Wally (the MC) was hilarious...cracking all kinds of jokes, and demonstrating great skill in his acts (sorry not going to spoil it).The theater is small and intimate, and the VIP is totally worth paying a bit extra for. (There is a check in special, well when I went there was). The show changes all the time, so give it try...Honestly, great fun for everyone.
3	We bought discounted tickets for $42 each. The show was cute, kinda funny and  definitely kept us entertained for the 70/75 minutes. Most shows in Vegas are longer at about 90 minutes.The host was fun. He kept things moving along. He has been on Letterman and other popular shows. The special guest for the night Melinda the magician was kind of a let down. Overall good show. Worth $40 but probably not much more.
3	This is a great show for the money!!! There is a little something for everyone here and its totally entertaining for all. The price wasn't that bad and there isn't really a bad seat in the house. I would suggest buying your drink before you go into the venue because they are cheaper outside.
3	Why can't Wally make the line "go faster"?Tickets for this show seem to be readily available through the usual discount ticket outlets as well as through the timeshare presentations within Planet Hollywood. We went the route of the discount ticket place (about $45/ticket after all taxes and fees for a general admission ticket).There are VIP tickets available and the big advantage seems to be seating. VIPs are ushered into the theatre first and given better seats. Since the theatre is small any seat is OK it seems, and the VIPs all got sat in the centre. Being a VIP doesn't mean not waiting in line though; there were many people who appeared to have VIP tickets so the VIP line is long in itself.When you get to the show you are forced to wait in a very long line and no one is let in until showtime. This lineup is very long and boring to wait in because all you do is watch the VIPs get ushered in front of you. This is by far the worst part of the experience because you wait....and wait.....and wait.The show comprises of a selection of different acts (which I believe rotate through so they can be slightly different from visit to visit). The host, Wally, was great. In regards to the other acts there were good and bad for each, however there was a large variety in what they brought to the table (dancing, magic, comedy, prop comedy, etc.). The variety in acts made it entertaining and should be enough to keep everyone's attention. I believe the acts are all family friendly, which is rare in Vegas.While the show is good it most definitely is not worth the full admission price (almost $90). It's not the same as Absinthe or something of that nature, however it is a pleasent departure from typical Vegas shows and provides entertainment for people of all ages. A good pick if you don't know exactly what you want to see because there is such variety.
4	my husband and i had a blast at this show. we definelty recommend it to others. the hosts were hilarious ans the talent was not disappointing. its a small theatre so dont ever worry about having bad seats, and dont pay too much for tickets because there really isnt a bad seat in the house.
3	Went to the show because my girl wanted to check it out. It was okay overally but a little bit on the cheesy and boring side. Different cheesy acts such as magic and dancing. The host was pretty funny though. Overall i would say it's more of a show for the kids and ladies. Would only go again if my girl forced me.
4	I thought this show was great! I like shows that have a variety, and this one definitely had something to offer for everyone. I went with my parents and my younger brother, this is great for families and kept our interest the whole time. I was really excited to see the new roller skating segment, it lived up to my expectations. This show is perfect if you want to have a fun-filled 75 minutes, if you like to laugh, and if you like to be entertained.
4	I really didn't know what to expect when I bought my tickets for V via Groupon.  The main reason why I decided on V was really because of The Skating Aratas who were an act on Absinthe and moved on and joined V.  So really if it hadn't been for that move, I probably would've only watched Absinthe and might not have even considered watching V.  Then up until a few months before I watched the show, I found out that the legendary Melinda, The First Lady of Magic, would be joining the show after being on hiatus for about 10 years.  So that got me really excited because I grew up watching her on World Greatest Magic.The show consisted of many acts ranging from comedians, musicians, acrobats, dancers, and magicians, but I'm just going to highlight the ones that got my attention and you really need to look out for if you watch it:The show is hosted by Wally Eastwood who if you've seen America's Got Talent, he was the juggler who played a piano while juggling balls on it.  He was really a funny guy and did an awesome job hosting the show.When it came to the show, I don't know why but I couldn't stop laughing the whole night.  The show demanded a lot of audience participation and those who participated that night were really in good spirits.Melinda hasn't lot her touch when it comes to her illusions.  While not edgy like Criss Angel, she's still got that great showmanship that made her popular back when she was headlining the Strip 10 years ago.The Skating Aratas were definitely the jawdropper act of the night.  If you're gonna watch V, this is act you really have to see!  What they're able to pull off on those rollerskates on such a small platform is unbelievable!So really now, for $35, how can you not enjoy a show with different acts of comedy, magic, music, and acrobatics all rolled into one?  It was amazing!
4	Great show, my wife and my favorite performance was actually the host. He was very funny you'll definitely enjoy this show. I recommend upgrading your seats to vip so you can skip out on the long line for the general admission plus it comes with a free drink and you get a free picture with a memorable frame nice. If you do upgrade be sure to take the seats behind your table and not in front those are just a little too close. As far as the show pretty much all performances were very entertaining except for one. The performance by the 35+ old boy band. I have to say probably by the time you go to show I hope they get replaced. Medium size theatre so unless you upgrade your seats I suggest getting there early so you can please closer to the front. They didn't take away my drink from outside, although I'm pretty sure they just missed it. Oh well try bringing in your drink, otherwise I always bring a flask anyway, small enough for either my pocket or my wife's purse. Brining your own alcohol is always the best way to go.
4	This show was so much fun and has a little bit of everything, i.e., magic, tap dancing, flying acrobatics, comedy. It was really cool. Six of us went together and sat in the 2nd and 3rd row. Great Vegas show for all ages. Our age ranges were 6 years old to 40 years old and we all had a blast. You can meet the performers after the show and take your picture with them as well. The kids loved that. Definitely, something fun to do in Vegas and worth the VIP price.
4	I thought the hosts (latino guys) were hillarious! Good show...
5	I wasn't sure what to expect from this show going in, but what a great non-stop entertaining surprise it was! Constant laughs and great performances. Really enjoyed it! The host and the 2 Latino guys are hilarious.
1	This is not an appropriate show for children, unless you think a slew of homophobic jokes, the threat of having a gloved finger stuck up your butt or the thought that two grown ups may do it in front of you is fun for your little ones.  With a 12 year old and a 7 year old we were hugely disappointed!  We were in the VIP section and had to go get our own drinks because no one ever came to get our order.  With only one bartender and two girls serving a room of hundreds;  they didn't stand a chance.  They may of feasibly been able to serve 1/4 of the patrons at best.  So much for the complimentary drinks!  It's obvious now that the free drinks were just a bluff and a way to justify over inflated ticket prices.  They never intended to serve us those drinks.  On our way out of the venue my kids wanted to collect their complimentary pictures taken outside in Planet Hollywood.  The employee at the photo booth won't give each of my kids a picture (2 for every 4 VIP tickets) because we couldn't locate our ticket stubs.  After a 10 minute search and realizing we might have left them on the table the manager told us to go look for them.  They didn't believe us.  We spend $300 for VIP tickets and they wouldn't give us the pictures that were already printed for us?  After making us search and furthering the already humiliated feeling we were struggling with, the girl running the photo booth angrily gave us the pictures which really just felt like a booby prize (literally!) The environment was caustic!  It was alot of money for a cheaply run venue, meagerly managed by young kids with limited skills.  I would never suggest anyone go see this and especially anyone under 18 years old!  Booooo!
5	I had read all the reviews to this place and had no idea which way i was going to go with this show.  Well, it was AWESOME!  WAY more than we expected and they keep you laughing thru the entire show.  We had the VIP so we were seating right in the front which was awesome and were able to by-pass the huge line. I dont think there's a bad seat in the house though since it's a small theater so if you can't afford the upgrade to VIP you're still going to see a great show!!!
2	With so many good evening shows, this one is better suited to the afternoon.  It's basically a storage for whatever comic-relief acts aren't currently employed by another show - juglers, 2-bit comedians, acrobats, etc.  They're mostly very good at what they do, but you'll see all this kind of stuff during other better shows.
2	I hate to say it but I got bored about half way through the show.  I caught myself checking my husbands watch.  :(  Wally, the MC was funny.  And Ariel Expressions were amazing.  They were my favorite part.  Oh the comedian that does the mask bit was amusing.  I cant remember her name, but she was called the first lady of magic.  BORING.  I thought she was the worse act.  If I were you, I would go see Absinthe instead.  Its a much better and more entertaining show.  Oh, one good thing to consider a plus for this show is its kid friendly.
3	My 65 year old mother and 43 year sister were in town. I wanted a show with acrobatics and humor.  However, I recently saw Zumanity and Absinthe, so I knew those shows were not appropriate to take my mother to. I was then thinking I would take my mother to a Cirque show, but turns out there were 4 available-Love, Ka, Zumanity, and Mystere.  Like I said, I saw Zumanity, but I also saw Ka and Mystere, and I am not a Beetles fan and neither is anyone in my family so Love was out. So I had to find a show that was appropriate, yet had Cirque-like acrobatics.  I chose V, but was really skeptical urns out it was better than I expected.  Wally, the MC/Juggler act was actually the best part of the show.  The starring female Magician was really, really disappointing, yet she was the headliner of the show.  The trapeze artist were Ok, but felt like the stage was too small to show off any impressive skills. The tap dancers, were entertaining but I already saw them on America's Got Talent so they were not that exciting to see.  The gymnastic routines were mesmerizing. The funniest thing of all, was the roller skating number was the same exact choreography AND SONG of the roller skating act in Absinthe, but Absinthe did it better and faster.All in all, it was ok given the price...I think our tixs were $40/pp where as a Cirque show would have been atleast $100 a piece.
4	we had a great time. Wally was a blast. idk what people expect for a cheap show, but this one surpassed my expectations.yes, we've seen le reve and it's more exciting, but the prices are wayyy more expensive.if you get the VIP seats, you don't have to wait in line for an hour before the show. My two complaints:getting out of that place was a giant clusterf#@k since there's only one way out$7 for a Budweiser is pretty steep, especially since drinks are free in the casino :/
5	This is easily a 5, I laughed from beginning to end.  People have to realize this is a small show and please don't expect something like Ka.  It's an intimate show and it's charming and you gotta go in with a positive attitude.  I could not stop laughing at the Twigglers (sp?)  These were the dancers that were pretending to be short singing the Village People and doing tricks.  Even thinking about their facial expressions makes me laugh right now. The host is great and he does some pretty cool tricks of his own.  There was a bowling ball juggling moment that I jumped out of my seat, as well as a rope stunt over the audience that I thought someone was going to fall on the audience.  Well done!Very entertaining, get your local discount, have fun.  Similar to Absinthe, way less raunchy.  Definitely fit to take adults and kids.
4	Great show! I laughed and was entertained the WHOLE entire time. Give you a tip of what this show is all about, it's in the name, it's like America's got talent but all these performers have the talent and will keep you laughing and wanting more! Small venue, so please don't expect this HUGE thing from what your used to from the other shows you've seen in Vegas. Groupon deal, $69.00 for two admission and it was well spent! Come early because it's first come first serve for the seating if your not VIP. Just a little heads up. They take your picture and you can pick it up at the end of the show for $10 and you get to meet all the performers at the end. =)
1	worst show ever. My friends and I got free tickets, and we left in the middle of the show because it was so lame. In the beginning a guy tossed bottles for 10 minutes, and came back again later to toss hats for another 10 minutes.... you got to be kidding me.
4	Funny show! Wally (the host) was funny - he made the show move along. He's a good juggler too!  Most of the acts were really awesome - there were a handful of random talented people including aerialists, tap dancers, speed skaters, etc. I didn't like Melinda the magician - it was just her dancing and "doing magic" which didn't impress me. But everything else was awesome. It's a smaller theatre show so just need to go in with the expectation that its not going to be Cirque du Soleil, but still fun!
4	This show was conveniently located to our hotel (right next door) and I had purchased a Groupon and used the tickets while we were in Vegas for a convention. Groupon tickets were general admission and they don't tell you but the only seats they use for them are in the back.  So no matter how early you are in line you will never be up front.  Regardless the seats are not bad since it is a small theater all the seats are pretty good.  The show was funny and there was something for everyone. I really liked the guy that put masks on the volunteers and made them do little hand gestures when he tapped them, they were funny.  We talked about that act for days afterwards.  The hosts were entertaining and funny as well.  Another worthy mention were the balancing contortionists and the two guys that flew overhead on ropes while balancing and hanging on each other.  I figure the acts change and you are bound to see different acts if you go to the show on another day.  I was looking forward to the skaters who are on the ad and poster for show but they were not in the show when we went.  Overall it was a good show that is reasonably priced...you can always get 50% off tickets so Groupon wasn't a super special deal really. I saw them selling them for 50% off at the Mall (where the theater is located)  It is a good show for whole family and you can afford to bring everyone.  The seats you get with the cheaper tickets are good seats so don't pay extra to upgrade its not worth it.  People we saw paid extra and were only 2 rows closer than us for twice the price.
4	We watched the show at 4pm during Christmas break. Used the Groupon 2 for $69.- Show up an hour early to get the tickets. Have someone wait in line while you're waiting in line to get the tickets for efficiency :)- Upgrade to VIP for 50% off at the Box office.- Open seating. Center front 3 rows reserved for VIP. Our show was sold out- 7 performers: Juggling host, louri and nikoli, rhythmic gymnast, aerial expressions, YMCA, Magician, Mo5iac. - Juggling host: "w&w's and knows french!" funny man. Lots of trophies. - Louri and Nikoli: Balancing guys. Lots of strength. openers! Neck of steel!- Gymnast: Lots of hula hoops, very flexible. Nice to watch. O-la-la!- YMCA: 3 midgets singing! SO entertaining! :)- Magician: Birds popping everywhere! Really scrutinize this guy! He's amazing- Mo5iac. Human band! Cool bass and funky drummer!- Interactive show! BOOOM CAAAA! LOL. - Worth every penny! 1hour long. Watch it with the kids! make sure you have a good seat or else you'll have someone's big hair in the way :)
4	Our family really enjoyed this show.  I got tickets on Viator (Apple Ap) for $49.99.  We laughed the whole time.
4	Good show, good seating. Get there early. The tickets stub had a 50% coupon for other shows in the same theater which we would if used if time permitted.Dont by drinks there there were only 2 or 3 people taking orders.
4	Great show for the kids.  Get in line about 1 hour early. No need for Premium seating as all seats are good enough.
3	I'd really like to give V 3.5 stars, but....well you know.We came to this show, frankly, because it was comp'd to us.  Otherwise I likely would have walked right by, wondering "what's that?"When we got inside, I immediately wondered "oh shoot, what have we wasted our time on?'  The theatre is very small inside and seems cramped.  Then when the show started, the audio seemed like it was straining.5 minutes into the show, I'd forgotten all this (well except for the slightly cramped feel, it was still there but not a major distraction).  Some talented and funny spanish guys opened up the show.  There truly was a variety of talent.  Somehow I ended up getting pulled on-stage with three other men by a different comedian so he could make fun of us for the audience to ROFL over.  Overall it ended up being a pretty enjoyable show.  It wasn't too short or too long.  The talent's abilities were a good match for the venue.  The audience was cooperative and appreciative.You'll prob have a pretty decent time here if you can catch this show at a decent price (or better, free!)
5	"V the Variety Show" is one of the most fun experiences you'll have in Vegas. If you are an angry, overly critical person then don't go to this show. If you want an amazing experience that will put a smile on your face then run to this show. My friend and I had such a blast. Did not expect that level of talent. Love the Gauchos, Wally, the aerial artists, the gymnasts, and on and on. The God's honest truth, I had more fun at this show then any of the three different Cirque shows I've seen in the past. Cirque du Soleil shows are incredible, but they simply are not as fun as this show.
4	So my friend who's seen just about every show in Vegas suggested going to V on our most recent trip. She'd been before and really enjoyed it.  I figured she knows better so I'll trust her judgement. I have to say it was surprisingly fun and well presented. it's comprised of a bunch of different acts -- all different types including magic, singing, etc.  They were all very good!  My only complaint is the host's schtick got a little old. If they found someone a little funnier/fresher it would definitely make this a top notch show.
4	My parents got tickets at half price so I tagged along. I was pleasantly surprised.The host, Wally Eastwood, was great. Energetic and talented. The featured acts were all good. Very talented entertainers. The theater is small which I like, because you could sit just about anywhere and see. The length of the show was perfect. I didn't like my drink. Tasted very weak, and I'm not a drinker. All in all, I had a good time.
5	I'm a local who has seen more shows on the Strip than you could count, and this show is one of my favorites.  I always liked variety shows, although you hardly ever see them any more.  The acts rotate, but the one steady fixture is Wally Eastwood, the comedy juggling MC.  Wally really made the show for me; it's a 4-star show without him.  Don't get me wrong - the acts on the night I went were anywhere from good to great:  a balancing act, tap-dancing twins, a prop comedian (no really, he's much funnier than you'd expect), a lady magician, a hula-hoop gymnast, and the skating Aratas (they were great!).  But Wally, who performs between all the acts, is both an incredibly talented juggler and an off-the-charts funny guy.  I would go just to see Wally again and again.If you have kids, definitely take them to this show.  Not much in Las Vegas is family-friendly any more, but this show is all good clean fun.  The only minor complaint is that the theater is open seating, but it's also so small that there aren't really any bad seats.
5	Although it may be one of the cheaper tickets in Las Vegas, the V-Show will still blow you away. I'm gonna make this short and sweet...  All the performers are extremely talented in there own right. Personally I can do with out Melinda the magician but even she knows what she is doing. But above all else there is one talent in this show that makes the price of this ticket worth it. His name is Wally Eastwood!!!  He is typically the show host and knows exactly how to captivate the audience and leaving us wanting more. If this show was just 2 hours of Wally I would leave happy. I have seen the show when Wally was not there and it was just not the same. Although the rest of the crew are still worth the ticket price Wally makes you leave feeling like you didn't pay enough for the show!  Hats off to all performers but don't ever lose Wally, David Saxe!
4	Loved it! Wally Eastwood (the host) is hilarious, entertaining, and super talented. Every act I saw left me astounded and wanting for more. At the end, you even get to meet all the performers!Affordable, all seats are good seats, and the venue features lots to do before and after the show. Particularly good if you don't know whether to pick from magic, acrobats, dancers, or other forms of shows. You get almost all of them with a variety show.Definitely do this one!
4	I wasn't sure about this show, but got a set of free tickets while in Vegas. My husband and I ungraded our GA tickets to VIP, and boy did it pay off. My husband was pulled onto stage for one of the acts and was the joke of several jokes through out the show. The show ended up turning out to be pretty dang good!
5	Having seen a hell of a lot of strip shows, my expectations are pretty high. V met them and more. It's probably the best value for your money out there, given how cheap the tickets are. I sprung for the VIP upgrade (free drink, assigned seats), and wound up stageside, so close I could feel the wind as the Aratas were doing their act.Which brings me to the actual show review:  I saw the Aratas in absinthe a couple of times, and when I found out they were in V, I knew I had to see it. They never disappoint. But the real surprise was the other acts. Wally Eastwood is fantastic, and all of the other acts would be worth seeing again. I'd definitely recommend V to anyone. And I'll definitely see it again.
5	The show was fantastic, much better than anticipated and very good quality for the price.  If you go see it - do what we did and buy a groupon that halved the price.  We did not get VIP seating and are very glad with our choice since the stage is small enough most everyone had a decent view.  Just get in line early enough to sit in the main section.My sense is that they shift around the performers day after day.  As we saw a set of 7 performances (they probably have a dozen or so total performers who rotate), which are likely to vary pending on who is working that day.The performances we saw were:- Louri and Nikoli: Balancing guys. Amazing feats of strength.  - Tap dancing brothers:  These guys were really good.  Very entertaining.- Rhythmic gymnast and contortionist who performed some incredible hula hoop skills (on par with what you might see in the Olympic-style rhythmic gymnastics.- Melinda the headlining female magician.  She focused on illusions and disappearing acts.  She had typical magician tricks, but nothing spectacular... perhaps the only act that did not exceed expectations.- An audience-participation comedy routine with masks.  This was a simple comedy routine but was very well done and extremely funny.  Some of the audience participants were especially good at their roles.  We laughed so hard our sides almost split.- The Skating Aratas.  These two were incredible.  Heart-stopping excitement at its best.- Wally the juggling comedian.  A finally, all throughout was Wally performing his magic.  But, he saved his best trick for last.  And it was phenomenal.  It was awesome.  We would definitely go back to see the show again if only to see his performance!Overall, this was the best show we saw in Vegas during our trip, including some much more expensive Cirque du Soleil shows.  We really had a good time.  We would highly recommend it.  This show is very suitable for families as well.
5	From start to finish, this show had my wife and I engaged and captivated with their variety of acts. It had comedy and suspense; a true variety show in every sense of the word! The host was hilarious and the acts included comedy, magic, and other deeply skilled routines.This show well exceeded our expectations. All I recommend is that you get there early for great seats if you purchase general admission.  30 minutes before the show should suffice.
5	As a Worldmark owner I was invited to see a complementary show for doing an owner appreciation meeting. They had a whole list of shows and couldn't really decided which show to see, did some youtube research to get some info on all the shows. Yelp also was a good source of information.  I got my free tickets and decided to see this show. Now with these tickets you have to show up and hour early, so I called the box office to get some info on how the process works. The guy explained that I could upgrade to VIP. It was only $18.95 to upgrade. Included with that you get a photo and comp drink of your choice. I gotta say, the show was impressive, engaging, funny and entertaining. Some of the reviews mention the seats just being regular chairs. This place looked great it was set up more like a small theater with great sound and lighting. The cast was awesome. The Crazy Gauchos - Stand-up Comedians were a riot, they kept picking on this guy in the front named Nick! Nick chose not to participate in an the wave so they picked on him all night, they even brought him on stage and he went along being a willing participant. So for him being a good sport he was award VIP tickets to another show. Now here is where it got more interesting. Russ Merlin - Prop Comedian came on for his routine and I got a super shock when he chose me and three other guys to participate in his act. I got up on stage and there were four seats. Me and three other guys played along wearing some crazy looking masks. It must have been super funny cause the audience were laughing super loud. Well at the end he gave us three balloons, we had to blow them up sit on them and make them pop, all while wearing those mask. The 1st person to finish was the winner, I won and for that I was awarded with Free VIP tickets to another show.  Awesome!When the show ends you leave the theater at the rear and when you get out, the cast is waiting in this room right before you exit the theater, here where you meet the cast, and get your photo autogragphed. That was a total shock, How many show in Vegas do this!,
5	I loved it! I was a bit hesitant at first because it was a variety show, but it was amazing!I couldn't even decide which act I like the best, they were all great!! I highly recommend the show!
4	we really enjoyed the v show. this is definitely a must see while your in vegas.
1	This is not a "Las Vegas Show" and should be a free show for people that come to the mall (like the fashion show at the Fashion Show Mall).  I don't mind spending money for good entertainment but this was bush league to say the least.  Some of the acts were impressive and funny but more of an adult talent show than a Las Vegas Show.  I spent $200 for 3 tickets in the front row and I would not go back if it was free.
4	We got the show as a complimentary and upgraded to the vip one for an additional $20.00 for each person.  The show itself was very entertaining and it is  like watching Americas Got Talents live, because most of the performers did perform or compete at Americas got Talent.  Lots of variety but the venue is a little of he cheap feel.
4	Good family friendly entertainment.  Enjoyed Wally Eastwood, Sean and John and mo5aic awesome acts.  At 1 hour and 15 minutes it kept moving and had us laughing and in awe with Louri and Nikoli.  For some just plain fun and entertainment at an affordable price I recommend.
5	I enjoyed this show very much!! Several different acts and possibility of having different acts on different nights. Very entertaining and I laughed a lot.
5	Looking forward to seeing this show again, since acts change. I haven't laughed that much in a long time. We enjoyed every single minute.
3	This is a family show. The stage and theater are both very small and all of the performers are kid friendly. The female magician, hula hoop dancer, roller skaters, and tap dancers were my favorites. The accommodate ADA and they love children in the audience. It was really a nice variety. The juggler who hosts the show started off slow but ended up being funny and did this cool piano trick. I would't see this show again, but would recommend it to families.
3	I enjoyed the show, but I wouldn't see it again. Everyone was very talented, but I don't think it's just the show for me.
5	A very entertaining show that keeps you entertained every second that you're in there.
5	If you want to go see this show and you're doing Vegas on a budget, go to one of those timeshare presentations (don't buy anything and be prepared to spend 3-4 hours, not the 2 hours they claim)My husband and I enjoyed ourselves.  Anyone who knows my husband, knows it takes a lot for him to smile and show glee.  This show had my husband participating, screaming and clapping!!!!We left with sore throats and hands from clapping and screaming!!!A must see!!!WE LOVE YOU WALLY!
3	Was there this past weekend. And although the show is entertaining the price is not. Do not upgrade to front row when picking your tickets up at willcall .got talked into $40 extra and its a small theatre and half of it was empty. So any seat would have a good enough view. The "free" drink ticket is only for a well drink. You'll pay extra for a better drink. Then got talked into buffet tickets to accompany it for another $40, but receipt at buffet says dinners cost $16. And you are stuck in long line for that too. No priorty seating for paying extra. Wally the host & entertainers were good but for the total I payed I wished I had picked another show on strip for our visit. Like zumanity or similar. Bummed out about that night."
4	I really enjoyed this show while In Las Vegas this past weekend. The pros are Wally the Host is amazing and so funny. The two guys from Russia, that Balance off each other is incredible. The best act by far is the young lady and guy that rollerskate on the very small platform. How they do that in such a small space, I will never know but I was very nervous watching them. Also enjoyed the tap dancing by the good looking twin brothers. Very up to date!!Cons:You stand in line for ever before being let into the TheaterThe Goucho Cowboys, their act is getting oldI feel the guy from America's Got  Talent show with the birds- he tries a little too hardBut I was thoroughly entertained .  I really liked the show and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Las Vegas
5	One word to describe this show...FANTASTIC! Wally, the host, was funny and very entertaining! All the acts were amazing and either made you laugh until you wanted to pee or amazed you. If your looking for a show then this is one that you have to catch.
5	My husband and I went to see this tonight and thoroughly enjoyed the whole show. All of the acts were phenomenal. My husband usually gets bored during these types of shows, but he was on the edge of his seat the whole time. We got a little bit of everything with magic, comedy, dancing, roller skating, hula hooping and a balancing act. We didn't quite know what to expect, but we were very happy with this show and would easily return again!
4	My wife and I saw this show Nov 2013 and we really enjoyed it. The MC is the guy with the Birds from Americas Got Talent and he is okay as the host. The acts are kind of short but they are good. I would recommend it and it is good for families. I wish the magic was a little longer, but what we saw was fantastic. VIP tickets are not needed because the theater is not that big so views are okay anywhere pretty much.
3	Good show. Not the best. Not a huge production. but I was entertained. It doesn't take much for me though. This is one of the cheaper shows on the strip. Just like the name they had a variety of everything. Magic, acrobatics. Only thing i didnt like was the seats. they are hard as a rock. I found my self shifting to get comfortable.
3	See this show if you get a great deal, or if you're with the family... but why would you be in Vegas?? Over all, it was ok, good acts but a little expensive and too short for the price.I saw this after seeing Absinthe at the Ceasar Place. That show set my expectations too high. In my opinion, Absinthe is a great Variety Show,  for adults.
4	Great show!   Great acts!   Wally Eastwood was awesome and funny.   Had 2 finalists from America got talent show.   I would see it again - great for all ages!   Acrobatics were cool.   The magic show was ok but still good to see as 1 of the many acts.   Wally Eastwood is on YouTube.  I highly recommend this show. The only missing star is for people expecting great props and scenery but for the great show,  you wouldn't care.
5	We received free VIP passes to a show and picked this one to go to, hoping it would be ok at least.  It was AWESOME!  The best act was Wally Eastwood.   If you are in Vegas I would highly recommend checking this show out.
5	We saw this show as a promo after attending a timeshare presentation, but we had to buy one ticket for our son. It was well worth it! All of the performers were amazing and top notch, from Tamara who contorts and juggles hula hoops (we saw her the night before at the Vegas Show, too) and Melinda the magician, to Yuri and Gabor who balance one another and the young couple who "arpeggio rollerskate" on a small platform. But the real star of the show was "Fast Wally" Eastwood, so was MC as well as an amazing juggler. He's been on America's Got Talent, Jay Leno and other shows and, as our 10-year-old says, He's awesome!
4	We went here on New Year's Eve 2013 and really enjoyed the show. The juggler and magic were the best in my opinion, but each of the performers is very talented and entertaining. The East European balancing act is also quite impressive. The double jointed black guy is too much to watch and I found myself turning away often. The guy with audience participation is simply hilarious. Overall, it was a fun experience and a great way to spend an evening. There are about 7, maybe 8, different performances and the whole show runs about 80 minutes. I agree with the posts that recommend to avoid the VIP tickets, they are not necessary. We did not know this and got first row center, which meant that we were constantly looking up at the performances. Plus, the performances were at the edge of the stage so some of them were really scary because you think they will hit you with something or someone. The theater is small and so general admission is perfectly fine. We were smart enough to avoid the up-sell for beverages and buffet. The other good thing is that the V offers you 50% off another show once you see one of their performances; you have to use it within a week. We wanted to see the Mentalist but it was not offered on the day we had available.My main criticism is the organization and process of being seated. It seemed bizarre and chaotic, taking you from one place to another in an attempt to get you buy something. I would definitely recommend this show for kids of all ages, it's a lot of fun and they do a great job.
5	Great show on a budget with a little bit of everything Uri&Gabor were breathtaking and the roller skate act was simply amazing! The crazy gauchos were also very entertaining as hosts! My husband and I had a living social deal 2 tickets for $70 so it was worth every penny!
4	Another quaint theater to enjoy one of the many performances not headlined by the big names at the most impressive addresses. The Variety Show truly does have something for everyone to enjoy from the comic relief of the host who keeps the crowd involved and excited to some of the most outrageously entertaining human body interactions and strength of the two performers that hail from the Ukraine and Bulgaria, I an not recollecting their names. The finger, hand, neck, abdomen strength and balance is truly a sight to behold, Tamara the wonderful hula hoop girl made another appearance as I had seen her the evening prior, preforming her sensual, fast paced and pseudo erotic dance moves while spinning silver hoops at propeller like speed around her ample frame.The act with the birds flying around the audience was a true crowd pleaser, as was the young lady set atop a 12 foot flexible board held by two quite sturdy men. She flipped, inverted and corkscrewed some ten to fifteen feet in the air, nonstop with nothing below her but a cold hard stage floor. My personal favorite was the comic, for lack of a better term that invited four male members of the audience to sit upon the stage and take part in a unrehearsed skit where they adorn masks and follow some instructions set forth by the narrator/comic. To say I have not laughed this hard in a long time is an understatement, as I was literally tearing whilst holding my ribs as my sides felt as thought they were going to split. The duo that wore roller skated and preformed on a small five by five circular platform deserve special mention as they were truly amazing with their high speed maneuvers. All the members of the cast are available after the show for pictures, the show is sure to impress the young kids as well as the grandparents. A great show and fun for the whole family.
5	Only went to this show because we got it free from our hotel and boy are we happy about that! This is one of those shows that don't get a lot of recognition or publicity because it's nothing like "O" from Cirque du Soleil or David Copperfield at MGM but it was definitely worth the two hours that we put into it. Very fresh acts that kept my girlfriend and I laughing throughout the whole thing. There was one act that was a bit short and not as impressive, but I still give the performer props. The hosts were really good and kept the crowd going the entire night. I would definitely go to this show again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Great show for a great price. If you are looking for laughter, music, and wow factor this is the show.
1	One star for the performers having the gonads to go up on stage and perform such a sad show. Unfortunately Nathan Burton was out of town and we saw this show instead with our pre-paid living social tickets since they said it was the best one they offered. After 15 minutes I wanted to leave. If I was closer to the aisle, I would have. Unfortunately the rows and really small and I was squished against the wall. I felt embarassed for these performers. Some of them are really talented and belong somewhere else. We were all the way to the right and we could only see the left screen on the front, but 70% of it didn't work.I really can't say enough about how utterly cheesey (and not in a good way) and sad this show was. Out of respect I stayed but I couldn't get out of there soon enough. Take my advice and go see ABSINTHE at Caesar's instead for a variety show.
2	Thankfully I must say I did not pay for my tickets to see this show. My MIL actually bought them from the Half Price place. I saw this show with my husband about 5 years ago (maybe longer) and it was great, so I was really excited to go back with my entire family, including my 9 and 13 year old. The show is definitely not the same as it was back then. The host is really funny and we enjoyed him very much. The other acts were just ok. There was a female "magician" who claims to have been a top magician in the early 90's and took only 10 years off for a family was really pathetic (so sorry!!!! It just was!!!). She seemed to be going through a mid-life crisis and was not good or funny. It felt a little akward in the audience as no one clapped for her until she initiated the clapping. We did love the contortion guy from America's Got Talent. My husband and I have actually seen him doing street performances before and will stop and watch because he's amazing. But really, with the acts they had that night, I would not waste money to go back and watch again.
5	Had a great time going with my wife to this. Would recommend this for anyone looking for PG-rated fun on the strip.
5	We invited 2 couples, friends of ours and were hoping all would enjoy the show. In fact we all LOVED it!  Wally the MC/juggler was hilarious. All of the performers were quite impressive. Our favorite ones were the couple on rollerskates,the aerial performersand the 2 male herculean acrobats though no one disappointed.  Dinner at Lombardi's right across from the theater was very good (included in the package) and the VIP treatment was nice but I felt too close to the stage as we were in the front row. Since the theater is small I don't think any seats would have been bad.I would return and recommend this show!
2	It seems that the only reliable way to avoid waiting long before the show is to upgrade to VIP assigned seating. That brought my Groupon price per ticket to $55 which wasn't quite worth it. Absinthe was double that but 10x better. There were a couple great acts but many mediocre ones, and we found the juggling host much more sad than funny. I enjoyed myself, but it doesn't measure up to your other options in Vegas.
4	We came to this performance because I got tickets from my work. It was a really cute show! The host Willy, if I remembered his name right, was hilarious. He played the piano with bouncy balls. He juggled ping pong balls in his mouth. There's so much to see it was amazing!!The roller skate act where they danced and wowed the crowd was incredible. The cirque acts were insane. I thought a few times she was going to fall off the rope and land on someone's lap! Haha. The only reason for the star being deducted was the fact that I was late 20 minutes because of the long lines! There were only 3 people working and 6 computers turned on. I will definitely be back whenever my family comes into town. It was a really good show.
4	Its literally as the title says it is. If you want a little bit of everything and watch a show on a budget, this is a definite go. It was a very small show area with a smaller audience but that means a more up close and personal view of the show. Not going to complain. Seats aren't as comfy and the show is more on a casual setting, so minus 1-star. Although generally, I really enjoyed this the most for the price I paid and again, I got to see a little bit of everything. You wont be bored that's for sure.
5	We read reviews on this show before we went and anything less than a 4 is a bitter bitter angry troll.  This was hilarious, scary, entertaining, and worth every penny!  Go watch this show, I would do it a second time.  Very family friendly!
5	Great show. Lots of different acts. The host, Wally was hilarious and a very talented juggler. I left very impressed. Loved the intimacy if the small theater. This is one of the best deals in Vegas. Look for coupon or groupon deals for this place drops price to1$10-25 per person.
4	Very exciting show with excellent value for the admission price. The theatre is setup a little weird but overall very good experience. The contortionist was the best act in my opinion. Wally was a great host with great energy on stage. I would have to say that VIP tickets are great just so you don't have to wait in line which is always a plus for any show at the miracle mile. The seats for general admission are not much different that the  vip seats but I'll pay more not to stand in line.  It's not quite a good as absinthe but that show is more than double the price and it's not good for all ages. Quality show that has something for everyone.
4	We stayed at Planet Hollywood this Vegas trip and didn't want to venture too far to see a good show. We are total rewards members, which got us half off to see the show. (There were also tickets available at Tix4Tonight for $54 each which included VIP seating, 1 free drink and 1 free souvenir photo.)The show itself was awesome. They had a huge variety of acts from gymnastics to acrobatics and then some. The host, Wally, was a stand-out. He was absolutely hilarious and entertaining, not to mention incredible with his insane abilities to juggle different things with different parts of his body.The Mexican gauchos were pretty funny too, as were the other comedy segments. But if you're simply into being entertained the whole time with acts, this may not be the show for you. What I can say is that all the acts were perfect. It's a well-balanced show: funny, amazing, interesting and a little bit freaky. Definitely a show worth seeing (if you can get discounted tickets)....
5	Loved loved Always a greeat show to take the family when they are in town. All the most amazing talents and showmen.
5	The show was amazing! Each act was either entertaining, cool or funny - or all of the above. A great combination of comedy, acrobatics, magic and other stuff. the mixture of all the acts really makes it great and there really wasn't any act that we didn't enjoy. Definitely recommend it! Also clean for familie
4	We paid full price for tickets, and I was fine with that after. I liked most of the acts, especially the two balancing men and the roller skate couple. The hosts were a bit annoying though, grouche brothers, I think. The theater is small and cozy. It's a waste to upgrade because there isn't a bad seat in the place. And don't worry about being there 45 minutes early, 20 would be fine.
5	This was a great show Wally the MC was the highlight. Worth the price I loved every minute
4	Reminded me of the days of THE ED SULLIVaN SHOW. a series of acts assembled to create a full show.  all were enjoyable.
5	My family of 5 went to this show Friday night and it was excellent!   There were 8 acts, counting the host.  A couple of the acts were good and the rest were fantastic.  My kids, ages 10 to 15, loved the show.  We bought general admission tickets at the 1/2 price place on the street which meant we had to get there an hour early and wait in line.  We took turns waiting and split up to go wander around which killed the time fairly quickly.  The price was reasonable at $50 each.  A really nice way to spend an evening with a young family in Vegas.  But the show would have been great even without the kids.
5	Made me laugh, entertained, wowed. I was on the edge of my during to dangerous parts :) it was great
3	The show is pretty good, enjoyable, and I'd even go see it again as they have different acts on different nights (our show had a great comedian/juggler host, gauchos, an average female magician, a contortionist, an an amazing roller skating act).  However, I rated the show a three based off how they set-up their sales.  You can get 1/2 price tickets through groupon or the all the stands on the street but they are general admission which requires a long wait (1 hour or more) in a line with no guarantee on the seats.  So, we elected to pay more and go to the box office.  Not only do they charge you more for the tickets (almost double) but then they add on fees the most annoying of which was a "box office fee" of $30.  The theater is small and I think all the seats would be pretty good.  If I had to do it over I would get the cheaper tickets, show up 20 minutes before the event and hope we (a couple) could sit together.  Another annoyance is to accommodate all the ticket holders they were putting folding chairs in aisles in front of people who paid for the VIP seats and thereby partially blocking their view (not mine but just people in front of me).  In summary, a good show if you can get it at discounted pricing with poor business practices.
3	V consists of about 6 acts. Of which I really enjoyed 4. That's a good average, if not for the fact that the two I did not enjoy took up most of the shows short run time. In about 65 minutes, the hosts take up a good 15 minutes with their amusing-for-the-first-5 act. Then Turf comes out, who I also saw at Zombie Burlesque, performing his amazing contortion act. A bird trainer comes out next, who is no doubt talented, but his bird act falls under, in my book, the type of act that clearly takes an immense talent and dedication, but is not as fun to watch as it should be.The roller skating duo was amazing, as was the two-man balancing act. We bought our tickets through Living Social, and got a good price. When we reserved our tickets we were told to show up very early to get good seats if we did not want to upgrade to premium seats for essentially twice the price which I declined) We wound up in the third row despite only getting there shortly before doors. We must have gotten lucky, but honestly the theater isn't too big and it didn't seem like there were any BAD seats.The worst act was the de facto centerpiece of the show, as it was second to last and took the most time. He brought 4 people to the stage, and spent a good 5 minutes fitting them with weird masks. After that he spent another 5 minutes getting them to perform a pointless action when he tapped their shoulders. Then he spent 5 having them blow up balloons and sit on them. It was not funny enough, not entertaining enough, and it seemed there was no point to anything he did. It made the show grind to a halt, especially when I realized that nothing he himself was doing constituted a talent. At least the bird trainer and the hosts kept the show moving.At least we saw this show BEFORE seeing Cirque de Soleil.
3	Not the variety show caliber of Absenth, some fun parts, don't bother coming early just 15 min you'll be fine. the price through groupon was good, but redeeming was a little confusing.
5	Seen this last year with Wally Eastwood. Definitely an awesome show. I remember it being pricey but highly worth it
4	We got an online deal for 2 tix for $69.99.  The show was very entertaining and it was worth the price.  Do not expect Cirque de Soleil type of show, it's in a small, quaint theater.  You can view the show quiet well from any seat in the V theater, I don't think it's worth paying extra for the VIP section. They have quality entertainers with a good sense of humor.  Definitely worth $35/person!
4	I strongly believe Vegas is not for kids, however we found ourselves in Vegas with our tweenage daughters -- and they wanted to see a show.  These are kids who have seen about every Broadway show out there & are not really interested in the Cirque-type shows (okay -- that's actually me).   We had wanted to see Vegas-The Show, but through some kind of mix up ended up at V-The Ultimate Variety Show.  It turned out to not be a bad thing at all.  We all LOVED the show! I'd have to say that this is a great show for tweens & up.  It was funny and fast moving, so even if there was a dud you were on to the next act in no time.  Best thing is, we all laughed until our sides hurt.  We were all entertained & no one walked away disappointed.   I really enjoyed the hosts, The Guacho Brothers & Russ Merlin.  They walked the line with adult & family comedy.   My girls loved Melinda.  The best bit is that afterwards the cast is all in the lobby, so you can meet them.  We got VIP ticket, which made it possible to just walk in right before the show started.  If you get Gen Admission, you'll have to wait in line to enter & get seats, but the theatre is so small I can't imagine there's a bad seat in the house.
5	Came to this show with my husband, my 8 year old and my 6 year old cousin. We all loved it and it was endless entertainment for one hour and 15 minutes. There were several acts and they were all entertaining. Wally the MC was a great juggler and extremely funny. There is no bad seat in this theater but if you can splurge on VIP so that you don't have to wait in line for General Admission.
5	I've seen a few shows in Vegas, some cheap, some expensive. This is one of my favorites.  I will come see this one again because I understand it changes based on performers. I used the Yelp discount code and got my tickets 50% off.  I looked for other discounts and they were all the same discount. If you pay the full price, it's worth it but unnecessary.  Look for a discount and then spend the money on the souvenir photo and the drink. I don't think you need the VIP tickets unless you want to be real close. We were in the very last row with a toddler and we could se everything fine. It's a small theater with maybe 20 or so rows. There probably isn't a bad seat in the house. This is a must see, especially if you have kids and looking for something fun to do.
5	If your looking for a great small venue show at a reasonable price on the strip then this is it. A "variety" of acts, some better than others, but all good some even great. Very funny at times. The venue is very small so there isn't a bad seat in the house. I saw one of the featured acts in a Cirque show only this time I was right in front of it. Afterwards all the performers were at the exit to take photos and autograph. Great for families! I can't recommend this show enough.
5	i was so impressed by this show..and it was also a family oriented show... I was so happy to see Turk the contortionist, and popper all of the acts were great and i definately will see this show again if I am in vegas...
5	So I finally got the hubby to Vegas----he doesn't gamble and he is not a drinker-- so the next best thing to do in Vegas is to go to a show!!! There are so many shows in Vegas and it was so hard to narrow my choices down! As the trip planner my hubby told me he really wanted to go a magic show. We thought about a Cirque Soli but we were like noooo, you can see those when they travel to your local city and they were pricey. I googled magicians and the reviews were mixed and they were also very pricey. I didn't want to pay too much for a magic show and regret it. Then I wanted to go to concert but lucky us--- the week we came all of the singing performances we wished to see were on break. After much research and with the help of living social I narrowed my search down to V and Absinthe. With further research I noticed comments  that said Absinthe had vulgar language, it cost more, and other things that made me opt out. So with the help of Living Social, I purchased tickets to the V show! While purchasing, I had the option to do the regular seats and a free photo (with this you have to be there 45 minutes before show time) or I could pay a few bucks more and only arrive 15 minutes before show time. I chose to pay the few bucks more and give us more time to get there. Once we arrived there was an issue--- the original show time we were scheduled to see was canceled. The employees informed me the show was canceled and our show was moved to another time and we should have received a notice. I did not receive the notice and the manager had to be called out. For the inconvenience the manager supplied us to tickets to another show in Planet Hollywood, that was happening during our original show time. I wasn't really happy with the outcome-- I feel like they should have thrown in drink vouchers or something else but whatever we went to the other show and came back at the new V show time. So I'm sure you are like why are you giving this place a five if all that happened??? Well because the show was EXCELLENT!!! It was everything my husband and I wanted to see. There was magic, tricks, jokes, comedy, and so much more! The host-Wally was very funny and so were many of the other performers. There was a woman and a guy doing tricks in a small area on roller skates, a female magician, two body builder men lifting each other in weird ways, and more. My favorite part was the Crazy Gauchos and Melinda the female magician. There was no nudity during the show and the women were well enough dressed (esp. for Vegas). The host Wally kept us very entertained in between acts and there was a lot of performer and audience interaction. I don't want to give away too much detail but I promise it was a great show! Vegas shows can be very pricey but for the price we paid ( I think with out the voucher the show is reasonable) for this hour and half of entertainment--it was well worth our short time in Vegas and I could not have been happier with my choice. After the show we picked up our photos (that we took before the show) and did a meet and greet with all the cast members. You can take pictures with them and have them sign autographs. My husband--who is generally hard to please enjoyed this show as well and we both would go again.
5	When I made the reservations over the phone for the other three shows that I purchased on groupon, I was offered VIP seating for $70 for two tix to see this show so I bought them (on groupon regular seating tix are $69 for a pair). This was the best show of the four!!! (I went to zombie burlesque, the mentalist, marc savard, & this one). Wally made the whole show pop. He was just hilarious!! The cool thing about sitting in the vip section is that they may choose you to go up on stage so you can be part of the act. Of course, the crazy gauchos chose my bf and grilled him the entire time he was up there! They made fun of his height, hairdo, his tummy etc. It was fun to watch. The down side was that no one is able to take pics let alone record. That would have been cool. But the audience was told that if we got caught we were gonna get thrown out. Anyway, This show was just awesome and I highly recommend it!
3	3 stars for the show,  1 star for their check in procedure and unecessary 1 hour wait. The show was acceptable in some parts and boring in others.  From what I've read,  the acts change all the time.  I guess the show producers just round up whoever they can find.  Show is probably fine for young children,  but not adults. The worst part of the show was the money grab during the up selling of supposedly upgraded seats,  drink and dinner specials.  Because the show is general seating,  getting decent seats requires about a hour long wait. I guess these guys have never heard of assigned seating. For those who show up later,  they might end up on the far right behind the 2 foot wide concrete supports that will block their view.
5	This show was great. I think anyone that goes to this show would come out with something that they enjoyed. They basically pulled in different acts from America's Got Talent and put together a show out of it.Brilliant idea and even better execution. I got to see Turf live which was awesome and some pretty cool magic. Oh yea, there was also this guy flying parrots throughout the audience. That was epic.  I will definitely recommend this show to my friends and family.
5	I've seen this show so many times because when my family and friends come into town they want something affordable with variety and this show really has it all. It's a lot of fun and every time I see it there's something new to check out. One of my very favorite acts is turf who was on America's Got Talent and he does crazy things with his body and his dance moves are very cool. I also really like the hilarious Wally who hosts the show and has everybody laughing the entire time. He plays the keyboard with balls!!!!! He juggles all sorts of things but he's just a lot of fun. This is always a great option for visitors because you get a little of everything all in one show and it's also great for kids which isn't easy to find in Vegas nowadays. It's an affordable show and everybody will have a good time!
3	The show was very entertaining. The performers are top notch.   I want to let folks know the possibility that you will be seated behind one of three very large columns in the theater.  Why a theater would be designed like this is ridiculous.  The posts/columns I am talking about are around 18"x24", and they have seating behind them.  You cant see squat from these seats.  The ushers hurry you there point to the row and run off, because they know the post is there.  When you begin entering the row you realize the post is there.  This happened to my party of six.  Two of us were behind the post.  We shouted back to the usher and told him it was unacceptable and moved ourselves to the next row down.  Three of us were in 'kitchen chairs'.  They didn't seem to care, I'm sure they have the same issue every show, it's not their fault its like this.  I'd say the management of the place is lousy.  After the show started they kept bringing more people in.  They started putting kitchen chairs in the aisles (seems like something you'd see in some third world country). I'm fairly certain there is a fire code against this.  I'll be finding out and perhaps the theater management will be too, I'm notifying the Las Vegas Fire Marshals office.  (I have photos of the chairs in the aisles we took as the show finished, people had to stumble around them to leave-can you imagine if you'd have to evacuate quickly, perhaps because of a fire?)
2	Located in a theatre inside the Planet Hollywood. Wish I didn't waste the time in line or the money. Show was a variety of funny, show girl, et. No real story line or continuity to other pieces.Can't say much other than it was not memorable. Awkwardly arranged everything didn't really leave me impressed or wanting to come back again.
