4	Not your basic car wash! They go above and beyond to ensure the customer is satisfied. They are super quick and the waiting area is comfortable. For the services you get it's the best price in the area. They also have a punch card so every 10th wash is free. The only reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is because this location does not offer oil changes like the others. Kind of a bummer.
5	My dirty Jeep now looks brand new!  My vehicle was in desperate need of some TLC.  I have always come here for basic car washes; the customer service is top notch...so when I need a good detail done on my Jeep (company coming into town), I figured Francis & Sons was right for the job.  They did not disappoint and exceeded my expectations!
5	Great job on my convertible. They weren't busy and took their time drying the car, avoiding the usual drops you always notice when you come home. And no up-selling to more profitable services which almost always happens at other car washes.I will be back.
4	I take my car to get washed at least once a month and this is my place of choice.  Here's why:+ When you buy their Deluxe Car Wash ($27.99), you get 1 free wash within 7 days.+ There's a seating area inside & outside.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ7OaNbbZfSP_Trui0OJZg?select=sw7wSzlBuLwz9dX_D_iZjw#sw7wSzlBuLwz9dX_D_iZjw+ Free Coffee, not Starbucks quality, is available.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ7OaNbbZfSP_Trui0OJZg?select=4k_EyK1IPnuRQFl2KMYi6Q#4k_EyK1IPnuRQFl2KMYi6Q+ You can buy snacks while waiting.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ7OaNbbZfSP_Trui0OJZg?select=X-hnWt5qrMXQMYLhkBRn7w#X-hnWt5qrMXQMYLhkBRn7w+They sell Mexican Pepsi..!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ7OaNbbZfSP_Trui0OJZg?select=Th8FQ8uYkplJrqz0rgw9fQ#Th8FQ8uYkplJrqz0rgw9fQ+ They do a very good job with their detailing.One small complaint....they always try to upsell you.  But they get commission on their sales, so it's understandable.Return Factor - 90%
1	The change in management is a disaster. Their signs say they want their customers to check the car to make sure it is done right. They lie.  Management today informed me that they will never get a car clean and dry and they need to move cars through faster.  I have taken our two cars there for hand washes for 12 years at least two times a month and the line people care but managers are only interested in moving cars through. Way to tick off your best customers boys.  I will wash my cars myself before ever letting these losers touch my car again.  Such a shame because the hardest working people at this place are the nicest and know more about customer service and good work than the stupid managers.  Nice choice Francis. Keep the desperate summer coupons coming in the mail.  After you fire the managers you might see some profit.
1	This has got to be the worst car wash in the area.From the minute you drive up to the minute you leave the experience is horrendous.When you drive up the entrance sleazy ex con looking employees come up to you and try to sell you every single extra they offer. Even when you come in asking for a standard wash they will try to convince you to wax your car or tell you that you need a leather treatment done.After that used car man type treatment occurs they take your car from you and drive it through a machine wash with tracks that scratch your rims, while heavy beaters ruin your paint. Following that torture they drive your car to a covered area where disgruntled employees wipe up a few drips before yelling ready. I don't think your car is supposed to look worse after a car wash?
1	Been going to this car wash for a few years now. It gets slower and slower every time. Sat in waiting area for an hour last time. Not going back. 15 workers and its terrible
1	Just a mediocre wash...that takes a long time...you just want to grab the rag and do it your self...
1	This place is the worst. Made my wife so mad that she left and went to another place. They are rude and don't care if you leave. Will NEVER go back. Stay away. There's plenty of other places that will treat you right.
4	Francis & sons does a nice job and quickly. I have gone to other car washes in the past and they didn't do as good of a job. They always have coupons online, and they also have a frequent wash card. The only thing I would say that wasn't great was them trying to upsell, but they didn't put too much pressure so that was good.
1	This place is shady. I went in one week and asked for a basic hand car.. $25.. Okay a little steep but fair. Went in a few weeks later the attendant tries to charge me $34.99. I told him that's bs and that the website doesn't even advertise it as such. His response was that management doesn't tell him about these things.. what?! Oh yeah not to mention the car was already pulled up to be dried from the time I walked from my car to the cash register. One man washing the whole car? Hard to believe.
1	I am writing this because of how my wife was treated today.  This wash has been around for a long time and I have been in the area since 1994.  I think they opened in 1997.  I only remember that because I tried to work out a deal with the owner that if they detailed my vehicle before a show I would let them advertise.  Anyway, they have gone way down hill and I do not go there anymore.  I go to Danny's Family now a days and you should too.When my wife went today she had a coupon that was from Money Mailer or ValPak or something.  When she pulled up the ticket writer, you know the slimy wanna be salesman, starts to make several rude comments.  He referred to the coupon as a welfare check.  His f'n job is to up sell and he didn't even try, he just made rude comments.  My wife told me if I was there I probably would have punched him.  I am shocked that she did not get in the car and leave.  She did talk to the manager but it sounds like he just defended the company and his crappy employee. To sum it up this place has turned into a rundown car wash whose leadership is not very good and they let their employees treat the customers like crap.  If I were to run my business like this I would be out of business.  DON'T GO HERE!
1	I think 3 things about Francis & Sons Car Wash:1) J.D. who wrote that review had to be the owner/manager because he should have taken out a 1 minute commercial with 31 pictures of the car wash!  What customer does that???2) The disgruntled employees in Scottsdale must be training the employees in Mesa because I have sat for my car over an hour only to have my car have to go right back into the wash to CLEAN it...and not leave until it's done right.3) They suck!!
4	Groupon has great deals for this place. The salespeople are annoying sometimes. They always do a good job on my car. I will will continue to visit.
1	This is my fist time ever leaving a review, they did such a poor job I felt I had to.I was actually planning on going to a place right by my house (thomas & hayden) but I ended up in this area for some lunch with a friend and we both needed our car cleaned so we went together since it was right next to where we were.When we first got there, the guy was nice enough, he didn't really explain anything to me. He talked to my friend first and she did the VIP so he just walked over with a ticket for VIP before even talking to me to see if I maybe wanted to do a different package. Before I walk away from the car I specifically ask the guy vacuuming my car to clean the entire back seats down and then put them up and vacuum the leather. I drive a toyota Rav4 and always have the dog in the back with the seats down so I wanted both sides done.So we go inside to pay at the register, the chick was kinda rude but w/e, $20 wasn't bad for everything I was expecting to get, she gives us our receipts with our number written on top (remember this) then we go and sit down, not super worried about the time. One thing I will comment about the sitting area, they have a massage chair that you have to pay to use, a guy was sitting in the chair without actually using the massage and after a minute, this ridiculous ear-piercing beeping starts going off and the manager or whoever he is yells you have to put a $1 in the chair to use it. WTF!?! you have to pay money to just sit in the chair, thats ridiculous!Anyways, after no time at all a lady comes inside yelling about a Toyota being done. So I'm like uh is that mine, I don't know who else is driving a Toyota and she just walks off, nothing about a number, I wouldn't have even known it was mine unless I had gotten up to check.I go out to check the car thinking it got done really quickly for everything they were supposed to do. The vacuum was half-assed. He didn't even vacuum the back trunk part of the car like I specifically asked and the seats still had marks and dirt all over them.To sum up the whole experience, I could have done a much better job myself for way less. I ended up going and re-vacuuming my car afterwards anyways because they did such a poor job.*EDIT*Now that I've been driving around in my car a little more, I have also realized that both my friend and I paid extra for a scent in the car and neither of our cars have any scent other then w/e cleaning supplies they used.
1	This place really sucks half of the time the tunnel never works the brushes don't spin an the air blowers dont work cars come out soak full of soap an wax the hand washes are so overpriced and they wash them with the dirtiest sponges an a garden hose to rinse the soap because they cant afford a pressure gun  and the break room full of rat shit is a toxic dump for the employees and the customers and the owners are real scumbags
1	Wash was OK but the hard upwell tactics are to the point of being sleazy - I had to beg the guy to shut up and just write the ticket so I could get on with the wash - STAY AWAY
1	I was the sucker  of the day, they sold me a $99.00 detailed to get sprinkler water marks on my car when I picked it up, they told me I needed to pay another  $100.00 because the so called detailed did not take care of it. The car did not look any different than a regular car wash.
