3	Lavelle's just opened the end of April. So far I've been twice once for lunch and once for ice cream. Both times I waited about 15 minutes. Understandable considering their new. I wanted to make my own type of sandwich and the older women said they don't do that. Okay. So I wanted to get the arizona sandwich with a different bread, she says the bread change is 1.00. Really?! Sandwich also had no mayo/mustard. All in all it's good to have new restaurants out here, but this one is just okay.**Update: I have went in on 2 different dates to get ice cream. Only to find out the 2 flavors I want are gone. Should get back-ups of their items.
5	Good food at a good price.
4	Very tasty! I had the Pig in the mud! It was delicious! My boyfriend had the Ruben! Also good. Not greasy! With each sandwhich yoy get a pickle chips & a cookie! For three sandwiches I spent about 20%.. about what I spend at subway...without the cookies and no pickle. Sraff was friendly and helpful! Will be eating there again :-)
3	The ice cream is very good but the sandwiches are very plain.  I remember when I was there the owner kept bragging about how he only uses 3/4" bread and I'm thinking........ who cares about the bread? Whats important is what's in the sandwich.After one bite I realized I could've made a better sandwich at home -  they didn't even put mayonnaise on the 3/4" bread!
5	My husband and I go frequently after church and have never been disappointed. The ingredients are fresh, you get big portions and the staff is friendly. Also have to mention it is sparkly clean every time we go.
3	They used to have much more meat in the sandwich. Now it's eh. Tastes ok but I'd get a better deal doing to Frys deli and just making one myself.
5	Love love love coming to this place. The atmosphere is so comfortable and fun. The workers are so very friendly, especially who I'm assuming is the owner. It's obvious there are a lot of regulars that go here. I love the $1 baby cones of ice cream. Oh and I also appreciate how CLEAN they keep this place. All around one of my favorite stops for lunch :). I always get The Cowboy sandwhich which is really good.
