3	I've been there 2 times for pants alterations. The work I've had done was clean and professional. However, I was charged differently for the same service the second time I was there. Also, from what I can tell there are 2 people that work there. The employee and the owner. I've always been treated very well by the employee, a small blond/brown haired woman. All of my interactions with her were great. But my interactions with the owner, a taller bigger woman, haven't alway been great. I feel like I am bothering her when I come in. She seems reluctant to accept the work, or as if she's doing me a favor by altering my pants. But the complaint I have that actually spurred me to write this review is when my pants were nearly not done on time. I came in on a Thursday and said I needed the pants hemmed by saturday at the latest. She was huffy, and said there would be a 50 percent additional rush charge, I said that's no problem. So I show up first thing at 9 on Saturday, and the woman can't find my pants. I was a little worried at this point but she eventually found them and they haven't been touched. She said she would get on them right away and to come back before they close at noon. I came back at 11:50  (I lost track of time and had to RUSH to get over there) and they were complete, and done well. She didn't charge me the extra rush charge which was nice. However I still would've much rather preferred to just have them and pay the charge, rather than making 2 trips, and nearly forgetting them entirely. I'm so glad I decided to go early at 9 to pick them up. What if I decided to go at the end of their work day closer to 11? I would have been screwed!
4	I agree with the below review about the demeanor of the two different ladies who work there. I also feel like I am bothering the owner when I come in and it makes me feel uncomfortable and awkward. But, I try to ignore it. They are one of the few places (if only) in town that does a special "tricky hem" on jeans and they do great work.
4	Yes, the owner of this shop is a bit curt and unwelcoming.  And the turnaround time on some of the items is not the fastest.  However, the work I've had done there -- by both the owner and her employee -- has always been very well done and sturdy.  I recommend this shop!
5	Beth (the owner) is brusque, but not rude. I've been going to her for about 2.5 years now and I have only had one poor experience (which was my first visit and arose from a poor explanation on my part). I'm not sure I can remember all of the items I've had her alter, but I'll try: three suits, at least 6 button-up shirts, two sweaters, about 5 pairs of pants (for one of which she excellently brought in a baggy seat), a mid-thigh trenchcoat (tricky work was required for the waist on that), a Ralph Lauren peacoat (got a size medium on clearance because I knew she would be able to perfectly trim it down to a small - I now wear it every day in the fall and winter)...you get the point. And this week I'll be taking in a seersucker suit, which needs some work in the jacket. I've recommended her work to my girlfriend, who is going back soon for a dress alteration. That reference has in turn led to several of her friends bringing Beth their business, based on my girlfriend's recommendation. She does excellent work and has always had things ready for me in one week. Once, I asked for a rush order (+50% base cost) and when I went to pick it up on the delivery date, she didn't make me pay the rush charge because she said she had gone through her other work faster than expected. Her work isn't cheap, but I don't think it's overpriced. Plus, who would spend a good deal of money on a suit or dress or whatever and then skimp on the tailoring, only to have the work be sub-par? Tailoring is an investment and should add to the fit and appearance of your clothes, not detract. Every time I put on one of the garments she's trimmed up, I'm reminded that having a tailor you can trust is the secret weapon to feeling great in your clothes. The only problem will be finding a new tailor when I leave after graduate school...
5	The Magic Needle does excellent work, and their prices are very reasonable. There are certainly less expensive places around town, but I've had bad experiences with the the cheaper places I've been to; sometimes you really do get what you're willing to pay for.I can see how a person might find the owner's manner brusque, but I've certainly never found her rude. We've always had pleasant small talk when I've been in.If you need jeans shortened, they can do a particular type of hem that looks just like the way they come from the store--a more polished look than you'd get by simply turning up and hemming the bottom of the leg.Expect turnaround time of about a week for most things (eg, hemming, taking items in, other basic alterations and repairs). Rush jobs may require an additional fee. They are open until 7 on Wednesday evenings, which is convenient for customers with day jobs.I've always been very pleased with their work; it holds up very well with wear. I recommend them to all my friends who need alteration services. I would never go anywhere else in town.
