5	Amazing! My husband and I went to JAM on a Thursday and had the pleasure of trying Hao Bao for dinner. We ordered the dumplings, chicken noodle soup, and scallion pancakes. The dumplings were fresh and full of flavor, some of the best dumplings I've ever had. I can say the same for the chicken noodle soup, you could tell the noodles were homemade, the chicken was cooked perfectly and the broth was awesome. The scallion pancakes were something different, crepe-like savory pancakes. The price is very reasonable too, a fresh, homemade dinner for under $10 per person. I would definitely recommend Hao Bao!
5	I love the fact we have food trucks here. It reminds me of the food stalls back home in Taiwan.When I heard there is an authentic Chinese food truck in the city, I HAVE to give it a try! Finally made my way to their Miller Market location last night and ordered 4 items to go.The beef noodle soup has got to be the best in the valley. I miss the flavor of a properly made beef noodle soup and Hao Bao's home made beef noodle soup hit the spot for me.The handmade dumplings were delicious! And I love the fact that Hao Bao uses chicken thigh meat (dark meat) for the street treats, dark meat always tastes 110% better than white and actually quite healthy and the marinate is lovely!Too bad the scallion pancakes got soft when I reached home, but it was still delicious with a little soy sauce. It did take me about 25 minutes to get home.Keep up the great work and looking forward to try out the rest of the menu!
5	I first tried Hao Bao at the Street Eats Food Truck Festival earlier this month.  Their signatures dumplings were so good that I went back for them twice!!  They are amazing!  The wrapper is not too thick and the filling has the perfect balance in flavor.  Everything that you want in a dumpling!  I tried their Chinese Noodle Salad yesterday and it was SO refreshing.  It is a cold noodle salad packed with veggies and a peanut sauce!  There is an option to add their chicken street eats to the salad and I recommend that you do.  The chicken is super juicy and so tasty!  I have no idea what is in their secret marinade but it is absolutely delicious.  I'm looking forward to trying their scallion pancakes next!  This is the only Chinese food truck in the Valley and this is Chinese food done right!  Much props Hao Bao!  I will be visiting you again soon.
3	Let me start by saying I was SO excited for this new truck. I love dumplings and I love bao. So we went on a rainy Saturday morning at 8:45 to the Central Phoenix Farmers market after seeing the trucks post that they would be there at 8 am. We got there and....no truck! What? I was not thrilled.  We waited for a few minutes in the rain and saw the truck pulling in. It took them another 10 minutes or so to open. I went up to the truck and the guys who own the truck are nice and were very friendly. I ordered one order of dumplings and an order of sesame pancake. The owner of the truck brought our order out to the car since it was dumping rain. so anyway, the good: The sesame pancake was salty with big grains of salt....very crispy, hot, and delicious. The bad: The dumplings were a huge disappointment! I was expecting bao or something similar, but these were deep fried potsticker style dumplings. They were dry and full of oil. It just was too heavy and was not delicious. Also, for an order of dumplings it was about 7.50....that's pretty steep for what you're getting...when I was in NYC recently I got an order of 8 delicious dumpling for like 2$....I would go back for the sesame pancake, but I wouldn't get those dumplings again.
3	hao do I say this.... the dumplings were disappointing. not that they were bad, but they weren't anything special. and as one of the only four dishes they serve, I was expecting more. also -- for $7? meh, I'd rather go eat dim sum and get twice as many dumplings for that price. didn't try anything else on their menu, but if I came across this truck again I might try the noodle soup or pancake that other people seem to say good things about.
4	A bit of a limited menu (When we were here they only had beef noodle soup and dumplings), but the dumplings were fresh, hot, and delicious.  The filling inside was a good balance of ingredients, and held some juicy flavorful broth inside.  The dumplings were pan-fried to perfection giving them a nice crunch as you bit into them.  These dumplings are more like guotie than your typical idea of "Bao".  I like the name of the food truck and the mascot, but when I see a panda with a bao head, I kind of want to see some more bao-shaped things on the menu!(Btw, Hao Bao means "Good Buns".... how saucy!)
4	The wife and I tried the truck on a whim when we were searching for some grub to soothe the savage beast.  Hao Bao and Sandra Dee's were camped out in their usual Thursday night spot next to JAM, a boutique in the Old Town area Scottsdale.I ordered the Dumplings and the Street Treats.The Street Treats... aheaheweqejxfdaserwrns h gxasedagd... sorry, my keyboard shorted from me drooling in remembrance.  Marinated and seared to perfection, they were savory and ever so slightly spicy.  I could make a whole meal around just them.  At $4 a pop for an order, they are worth every cent, and that's saying a lot given this economy!The dumplings were good, if a tad underseasoned.  They had been steamed and then seared as any proper potsticker should be, but had a limp feel to them.   Also, they didn't come with any of the traditional soy/scallion dipping sauces that generally accompany dumplings. The order of 6 was $7.  A tad over priced given what I got and should probably be in the $5-6 range.I was also disappointed that, given a name like Hao Bao,  they didn't actually serve the steamed bun Bao that I'd been so eager to try.All that being said, I would visit them again (and will be tomorrow night) as I'd like to try their Scallion Pancakes and the Noodle Soup.Give them a shot, but don't expect any Bao with your Hao.
3	We tried Hao Bao a few weeks ago at JAM in Old Town.  J got an order of Street Treats and an order of dumplings. When our order was up, the dumplings were not what we had expected.  I know I was expecting something more so along the lines of actual Bao - bun instead of something that resembled potstickers.  J liked them though, but was still disappointed that they didn't have actual Bao.  I thought they were a little overpriced at $7.00 for 6 small dumplings with no dipping sauce.  The Street Treats on the other hand....super good!    Grilled chicken that's been marinated in what you'd believe to be crack.  Because you want to go put in another order when you finish.Next visit, we'll just get some street treats and maybe try some beef noodle soup.
4	Hao Bao is on temporary hiatus! https://www.facebook.com/HaoBaoUSA/posts/422653637826104
5	The most personable staff I have ever met. The iced tea was splendid and perfect for a warm saturday outside, and they even offered a refill since we were standing there, chatting for 10 minutes. I can't wait to run into them again downtown.
5	Oh Hao Bao, you so tasty! I was finally able to try Hao Bao at downtown's Food Truck Friday and boy am I glad I did! I ordered the Street Treats (chicken) and the original dumplings (pork and shrimp). The wait seemed forever, since there were so many people vying to get some delicious food. The truck was having some trouble keeping up with the orders, but everyone was real friendly and the food tasted so good. Definitely worth the wait! I took mine to go and slowly savored it as I drove off. Pretty soon my delicious lunch was gone and I was wishing I had some more! Truth be told, it was really filling and I could have shared. Not that I wanted to, but for future reference or if you are a light eater, you might want to share.I'd definitely go again and can't wait!
5	Love at first bite!  The dumplings are the best I have had...succulent, juicy and packed with delicious flavor!  I had not had scallion pancakes before tonight...they are savory and make you long for more!
5	Just ate here as they were getting rolling for the day --- Jake provided us with awesome service and even let us utilize their extra dumpling special when we didn't have any "panda" gear on and just their logo taped to our shirts- they let us slide this time(was a facebook special for the day)--- Follow their FACEBOOK because rather than one or two free dumplings they gave my coworker and me an entire extra order!Dumplings delicious, pancake amazing, but their MINT GREEN TEA is the icing on the cake. I enjoyed the variety they offered - don't be afraid to eat here because their food is tony the tiger style GRRRRREEAT!
5	These guys were parked outside of my work today and as I walked by they offered me a free sample. Well the free sample was actually more like a meal. They gave me two dumplings, two pieces of chicken skewer and a bowl of beef stew.It was all delicious! I am a big fan of Chinese food and this was surprisingly good for a  food truck. I'm definitely going to try them next time they're in my area. If you have the chance, give the dumplings a shot for sure.
5	Totally worth the few dollars they charged. The salad was delicious!! We will be looking for this food truck next time we are out and about. Don't miss the street treats (chicken skewers without a stick) are yummy with a spot of some amazing sauce.
5	Amazing Food!!  Handmade, delicious dumplings!  Flavorful moist chicken! And more! Can't wait to eat there again.  By far, the best truck at the Streets of AZ, food truck fest!  Watch out local food trucks, this guy knows what he's doing!
4	Tried Hao Bao at the Street Eats. Ordered two batches of dumplings (pot stickers for Americans). Took quite a while and it was a bit steep on price. Dumplings were crisp, juicy and tender. Was hoping for more punch on the flavor profile. I added soy sauce, vinegar and red chili paste to mine which brought it up to snuff, especially the vinegar. Keep working on the recipe guys and don't be afraid to offer regular and spicy dumplings. Good overall and I would try again, perhaps with something else to accompany the dumplings.
5	Stopped by their truck today at the street eats festival in Scottsdale. Top quality. Great taste. Good size portions. You can tell there is pride in their product.
5	I went to the Scottsdale Street Eats Food Truck Festival and knew Hao Bao must be legit because it had the longest line at the festival. After what felt like an eternity of waiting we got to the front of the line and Jake (the owner) was waiting for us with a ton of energy. He was so personal and friendly and got us the signature dumplings right away.Let me just say...DELICIOUS! We got 6 dumplings in a serving which had I been eating alone would have been a perfect portion for lunch and as a group sampling many food trucks was also perfect to share with my friends.  I strongly encourage you to check out this place if the truck stops by your office.I was so impressed with Jake and his staff that my friends and I used our drink vouchers to buy Jake and his cooks some beers. Eat here if you get a chance!
3	I hope their regular offerings are better than what they served my wife and I at the Street Eats festival today!  This was the truck I was most excited to try at the event, but my time in line only resulted in a plate of very bland chicken and mediocre dumplings that left us excited to go somewhere else.  I'd be willing to give them a second chance based on the many positive reviews, but, if today's showing is typical of their standard fare, I'll have no choice but to give my business to the competition.  Step it up, guys!
4	Hao Bao is back in business! Follow them on https://www.facebook.com/HaoBaoUSA
5	I had heard about but never had a a chance to try them until last night at my favorite neighborhood restaurant, Astor House. Was at first disappointed that there was a food truck there since I was craving a BBQ fix, however was soon more than satisfied. The chicken thighs were perfectly seasoned,as were the dumplings. I hope they come back soon- I saw other people with meals I want to order !!! I'm having the leftovers right now for lunch. Yum, yum, yum !!!
5	I tried dumplings was not as oily as the ones I tasted before at other places. So overall the owner was very nice and friendly had a very good experience. Will be back again!!!
4	Ok, so let me tell this like it is.  This is a food truck.  To me, the only thing that means is that I will never be able to find it again because it's going to drive off somewhere else obscure and that's the end of things.  I know there is a lot of hype right now with food trucks and how cool they are and how they're trendy and they're better than traditional food establishments because they are run by independent people trying to make a living and owning land is a sin or whatever LOOK BUDDY I'm just here to put the food in my mouth, so that's all I'm judging this based on, ok?So I walked up to the food truck and took the food and tasted it.  I got their signature dumplings, and Imperial Chicken (which the guy then proceeded to call 'Street Treats' which simultaneously made it much more appealing, and much less appealing).  The dumplings were pretty good, especially considering that it's hard to find good dumplings these days and most people's are just those frozen packaged ones that they then reheat.  I'm talking about lots of meat, tender dough, and seasoning that sticks with you for like, the next 12 hours whether you like it or not.  The Street Treats weren't as great.  Basically it was chicken with seasoning and a little bit of marinade that left a bit of delicious oily-style juice in the bottom of the tray.  Not that they were bad, but I am a man who likes to eat pieces of the chicken that I can identify, like the wing or the thigh or the breast or the face.  It wasn't immediately apparent to me that the chicken was strips of thighs, resulting in some inconsistency from bite to bite.The service was good, the people were friendly, and the prices were decent.  I'm giving it three stars (A-Ok!), because it FELT like a 4-star experience, but only because it was novel and fleeting.  If it were a restaurant that I could just walk back to for lunch today, would I?  Eh, maybe.  Maybe not.So I guess what I'm saying is if you happen to see this food truck (which is probably why you're looking at the reviews), give it a shot and try the dumplings.
4	Got the dumplings at a food truck festival. They came out fast and were nice n hot. Definitely had that hand made taste and texture ( in a good way). Will be back for sure.
4	@ Food Truck Festival Feb 22... Tried a few of the different Food Trucks, and though not a full beleiver and probably wouldnt chase any truck around town, I would definitly buy from these guys again, if they happened to be at a local area that i was at.. Tried Dumplings, and they were bettter than any local restaurant. Imperial Chicken, had great flavor, but would be better on a full piece of chicken, like aq drumstick, thigh, or wing or on wings themselves,, 4 piece meal or somehting.. Will buy again , but will no travel to chase them down.. Service and hospitality #1 the guy greeting everyone was very nice and energetic, remembering most customer names when we went back to drop our votes !! Great work guys !!
5	Amazing Chinese food! Cool staff seems dedicated to serving the very best!
3	It's good food, chicken is great, dumplings are delicious, salad is good.Went there the other day, Was disappointed even though it is good food, I spent $12 for the combo plate, and was not fulfilling. 3 dumplings, couple pieces of street treats, and salad. had to eat panda express fill me upConclusion- Good food. Not good value.In my honest opinion that $12 plate should be 8$
5	I can't say enough great about this truck and about everything that surrounds it's management and follow-through.  We hired the truck for a private party and everything went off flawlessly.  The food is outstanding and the service is just as good.  The dumplings, the chicken even the ice tea were huge hits.   This is the way to cater a party.  Hire great truck, truck brings, cooks and delivers great food, all mess and fuss drive away with the truck.  Smiling, happy, laughing guests are both nourished by great food and delighted with Jake, a great host!!
5	I've had plenty of food truck food and these guys do it right.  If you see this truck and you're hungry I recommend the Signature Dumplings.
2	I don't know why they are rated so highly. The dumplings were not bad, but the chicken was the saltiest thing ever and it was pretty expensive ($16 for a meager meal). For a food truck that they were saying was the best in the state, I was rather disappointed. I won't be heading back to this truck if I am in town.
5	They where at Life On Color AZ and they were amazing! The provided plenty of water as well as other beverages and server amazing food. If you see this truck around, I highly suggest trying it out! The food is as great as the Customer service and you will never be greeted without a smile. The Dumplings are a wee bit pricy but there are to die for, heck I'd pay more than what they ask for how good they are. Once again, an amazing truck, and for your benefit, try it out! Your taste puds will thank you!
5	OMG...this food is awesome. I have to say I hesitated to eat Chinese food from a food truck....I'm so happy that I did though.  The potstickers were so very yummy and the chicken was perfect!! The owner was out there giving that personal touch that adds so much to the experience! I recommend the very special mint green tea. It is to die for!!!  Definately get a refill or one to go. Support local business!
5	Went to the Heap It Festival in Scotsdale Az today. We had the noodle salad w/chicken and split some dumplings. The food was awesome and the young man that took our order was fast, happy and friendly. We would search out this food truck and eat there again!
