4	I gotta admit - this was the first Chinese food place that my mom took me to and I grew up eating Happy Food... but i MUST admit... it's not that good. It's nostaliga that forces me to grant them another star. Located inside a very seedy and rather run down strip mall on one of the roughest intersections in the city, Happy food has not changed ONE bit since I was a kid, the same tables, the same wallpaper, the same bossy and quick talking cashier. But what has changed is the arcade games they have on one side of the resturant. There is a large glass topped counter with a box of take out menus and a register as well as their condiments and utensils but beneith the glass are photographs of their many dishes. My favorite is #23 Pork AKA Sweet & Sour Pork. It is simply friend nuggets of pork served without veggies or pineapples and the bright red sauce is served in a styrophone bowl for your dipping pleasure. Their egg rolls are awesome as are the chicken wings. My mom loves their Egg foo young and the cashew chicken. I the sauces of both dishes to be too heavy and salty. But that's just me. Everything on their menu is good EXCEPT the Mongolian Beef - it tastes... fishy. I couldn't even take a second bite. *shudders*Happy Food is SWAMPED during lunch hour... so much so that they are known for denying orders placed after 11:45AM and it's impossible to get a table there - because they're all filled with patrons waiting for their take out. Sooo... call ahead or wait until lunch hour is over. because it's DEAD after 1pm! lol, I've seen it!Their food might not be the best in the city, but they have a very loyal customer base who have been going there for years like me! It's a serious hole in the wall and offers decent food at very decent prices!
5	Very tasty, classic Chinese food out of the box.
2	Hmmmmmmmm..... i dont know about this place. A friend from work recommended it to me saying it was the BOMB chinese food. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! Hell Nahhhhhhh. Food looked like it was Ummmmmmm doggy dog food. It looked like Slop with the heavy Sauce over the food. Not tasty at all, AT ALL!!! The only two things i liked was the egg roll and the fried rice. But to that it wont make me come back for more. I eaten at better hole in the wall chinese food joints.That reminds me, gonna slap my friend upside his head for recommending me to this place.
2	oh dear, I hate to be mean, but I am from Southern California, and, when I see the cardboard boxes and the little red & white to go containers, I have high expectations people! The orange chicken tasted like doughnut batter and the sauce was just weird. the chow mein was not authentic, the meat had weird gravy sauce. I honestly have never had this type of Chinese food, sorry!
4	Number 11 And a side of chili oil please! Thats all I reccommend you can call pick it up and leave! Lol 6022688010
1	Been eating here for over 3 years and my last visit was about 8 months ago. I was waiting for my food pick up and well. Lets say there were a little family of Cockroaches crawling up and down the table. I got a little throw up in my mouth and just walked out. I know the place has never looked the cleanest. I draw the line at live insects in the building.
3	Old school west side fav on the south side! When we were younger Moms used to hit up this spot so as I grew older I would go with all my friends etc. I haven't been to Happy Food in years until yesterday. I had never been to the Baseline location before and my Papa Bear had never been at all! We ordered to share - 1 large chicken lo mein, a small crab puff (4) and a small chicken wings (6). The lo mein had good flavor but the noodles were over cooked and gummy. The crab puffs were just ok. Nothing exceptional about the flavor and the chicken wings were the STARS!.....Very moist, juicy, crunchy and flavorful. Definitely recommend those! Overall, a good meal and we'll absolutely return for another try on a new combo.
4	Not bad at all! Love the BBQ Pork and crab puffs. Not a fan of the fried rice though.
