5	Twila's Barbershop is a family operated business in the heart of, South Scottsdale. If your looking to get a great haircut at a reasonable price this is the place to go! Great environment for everybody at any age. Go give them a try you won't be let down, guaranteed.
5	Berry berry nice!!!
5	Another 5 star review. Davin knows how to cut hair. Medium fade from a 2 to "just enough to let me push up the front" and he nailed it. Good old fashioned normal barber shop for those that prefer rockin in public to rock and republics. every 2 weeks from here on out.
5	I can't say enough about Twila's! Best barber shop in town.  Family owned and full of character!  The haircuts are amazing and there is always some good conversation to have while your waiting or in the seat.  Twila or her on Davin have always cut my hair and it is fantastic every time!I recommend Twila's to everyone I know.  Why waste your money on a chain when you can invest in the locally owned business like Twila's!
5	Excellent shop where I have been going  for 10 plus years. I drive 7 miles and would drive 17 past many others because they make me look great.
5	Get a hair cut and a nice close shave. I like the shaving cream warmer.
5	Stopped in while on vacation in Scottsdale. Great cut and friendly people.  A little hard to find (behind Albertsons), but worth the effort.
5	I was going to go to Great Clips on the main drag of the strip mall, but then I noticed the sign for twila's Barber shop and decided to forgo the mega chain store and support a mom 'n pop (well more like mom' n son) operation instead. Boy, am I ever glad I did. Twila was such a sweet lady and took her time to make sure I got exactly the cut I wanted. She even rinsed my hair off afterwards (no extra charge) because I hate getting itchy hairs in my clothes. The price was totally worth the experience and since it's close to work, you can bet I'll be back over and over again
5	Great cut at a great price. Super friendly people. Hard to find as they are between the Albertsons and the martial arts studio but well worth the search.
5	Good location, friendly staff.  Pleasant experience!  The location is in between between the Albertsons and the karate chop dojo.
