3	Although yet ANOTHER contemporary style design store, I think this one is the best. They've got very nice couches/tables/chairs/entertainment units, plus more, for VERY reasonable prices compared to surrounding places. When I was there they had great discounts on their home decor items, like vases and wall hangings. The people who work here were also very welcoming without being annoying and following you around the whole store.
5	I love going into By Design and imagining what my home could look like if I could decorate with all their modern furnishings.  I imagine it would be a trendy loft in the downtown area of some major city like New York City or Chicago.  People would flock to my parties and compliment my style of decor while they sipped their martinis (and didn't spill them all over my shag rug). Unfortunately, none of those scenarios are close to being true, but it's nice to imagine.  By Design is one of only a couple of furniture stores in Charlotte that offers something other than your grandparents' traditional bland furniture.  Plus, from what I've seen, By Design offers the best (and most reasonable) prices. When I'm ready (and can afford) to modernize my home in the style to which I'd like to become accustomed, By Design will have my business.  'Til then, I'll wander around their store and dream.
2	The showrooms are very alluring with all the rich and vibrant colors.  With all that cool looking furniture that makes me feel metropolitan and like I have good taste.  Rich wood, um, veneers and industrial looking strength steel are in a heavy usage in all their contemporary style furniture.The customer service is decent and the sales people let me browse uniterrupted, willing to answer any questions that I might have.For ease of getting my furniture purchase home and saving myself assembly costs, I opted for the boxed up furniture that I could put together myself.  The furniture came flat packed and with relatively decipherable instructions.My first bedroom set purchase from By Design was the cherry cubic queen sized bed, dresser, and two side tables.  Relatively competent with a screwdriver, alan wrenches, and the use of dowels and wood glue, I looked forward to assembly.I made the mistake of procuring the tall designed dresser which swayed like the Tacoma Narrows Bridge after following the instructions to a T.  They were gracious and accepted the piece back with a credit toward the short long version.Dresser 2.0 did not have the stability to survive a move though.  Even with limited disassembly for transport, it soon took on the qualities of its predecessor.Chalking it up to the fact that particle board isn't expected to be handed down from generation to generation, I went with a heavier material on my second bedroom suite purchase.  A more dense particle board and steel frame for the queen-sized bed.Three years later without being moved around much, if at all, the particle board dresser and side table are holding up nicely.  I wish I could say the same for the steel bed frame.  Weighing in just over a buck fifty and not being a greco roman wrestler, I really expected more out of it.  The welds are flimsy.I understand that you get what you paid for.  But I feel like at their prices, I would have gotten something that lasted.All this being said, if a certain Scandanavian corporation had been in Charlotte sooner, I would have saved some money and hassle.
