1	I should have known better to order from here after hearing that the people that once owned W.G. Grinders owned this place, but for some reason I still ended up placing an order, bad mistake on my part.  They fooled me twice, so shame on me.Looking at the menu I thought it was fun, the play on words they used really drew you towards certain items and made you wonder just how good things were.  I was really excited by this, but sad to find it led to disappointment on my part.  I decided on a small buffalo chicken Stromboli from the Shakedown Stromboli's section and a small potato salad from the Dark Star Deli Salads section.  I don't think they are on par for other places in the Burgh when it comes to portion to price ratio.  What I paid I expected to get a good sized meal.  However this was not true.  The small potato salad was basically a four ounce cup of potato salad.  That's the equivalent to one of those Dixie cups you use to rinse your mouth out at the dentist office.  And the description says, and I quote, "Just like Grandma used to make."  Not sure whose grandma puts a ton of pepper in their potato salad, but it wasn't mine.  It was overpowering.  I will give you props for letting the skins on the potatoes.  And the Stromboli, shall we discuss this now?  Red onions, pizza cheese, blue cheese, and buffalo chicken, served with a side of ranch dressing for dipping.  I expected a big honking monster in a box, what I got was a small greasy stuffed piece dough.  If I wanted a hot pocket I would have stopped at Giant Eagle on my way to work.  That's basically what this was, a hot pocket, all the filling basically slide to the one end.  And the dipping sauce...no where to be found.  Also it says on the menu that all the Stromboli are coated with a garlic/butter mixture.  That's fine by me, I'm a fan of garlic, but it was a weird taste combination with the buffalo sauce.The next thing that irked me after seeing my food was realizing that I spend a good chunk of change for such a little amount of food.  I doubt, actually I have told my friends, that I will never order from here again.  I can spend the same amount of money elsewhere and come out with a meal for two, possibly three days.  I'm not really "grateful" about this place as you can tell.  *Sad Face*
4	I live very close to this place and I've eaten at it over 20 times in the last 5 months or so. We've been remodeling our house and were without a kitchen for awhile so this was a quick and simple solution for dinner/lunch on the go. I normally get the Italian sandwich or the Mediterranean salad. Both are awesome. The majority of things I've tried here I would try again. I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about and I don't really care to read them, but if you're in search of some quick food for a good price - this place is it. A very large menu that will satisfy mostly anyone.
4	Good Bread, fresh cut meat.  It takes longer than you think it should, but hey, it's not a chain fast food joint!
5	If you're ordering take out in Shadyside, it doesn't get better than this!   I moved to Manhattan about 3 months ago and I still miss the Grateful Deli... fast, good food. I ordered from here more frequently than anywhere else for take out.  In fact, I'm only writing this because I'm seriously craving their tortellini and mediterranean pizza...   So yinzers: support local business... and eat great food :)
4	THIS BUSINESS IS CLOSED.  Phone no longer works, website dead.  Live down the street from it and they've had a sign on the door saying they were "Closed this week for vacation" for about three months.  Too bad because we used to love this place.  Was obsessed with trying to figure out what happened and eventually found this: https://business-bankruptcies.com/cases/the-grateful-deli-catering-company-llcRIP Grateful Deli.
