3	Maybe I missed doodling class growing up, but except for places where you get to draw on the tablecloth, I don't really dig the "place your own order" process. Just not in my wheelhouse. To make matters worse at WW - at least, this WW - you see a line of bags with numbers in these sleeves, with no indications of what the numbers mean.You then have to look up to the menu to see those numbers, then you look back at the bag to see what corresponds, then back to the menu to figure out what goes where. How about putting a name on the sleeves, such as "ham", "turkey" and whatnot. Actually, a "whatnot" bag would be nice, as a #1 just has no ring to it.Anyway, once you pull the bag, you get to fill out lots of little circles - use it like a Scantron, check that bad boy, whatever floats your boat. Choose your size, add extra meat, pile on the cheese, toppings, make it toasted. Even grab a card for milkshake or cookie. Add your name (or some nom de plume) and turn it in.Definitely grab a cup for a drink, because their crushed ice is awesome.Then wait. And wait. And wait some more. Maybe writing it down is better than eyeing someone while an artiste makes your sandwich at other joints, but whatever the reason, it takes way longer. It could be because they just opened. At least the staff is friendly and you have a cup of crushed ice.
5	I love the freedom you have in ordering food here.  I'm a "Toppings" kind of person and there is no limit to the choices they have on their menu.  Sandwiches are cut diagonally(which always taste better) and ingredients are fresh and tasty each time!  Bonus- they have popcorn ice for your fountain drink.  That makes a party in a cup!  If you are on the fly though, you might want to wait until you have time for them to prepare.  I've been able to complete many games of 'Words with friends' on my phone while waiting.  Definitely worth it though!!
3	pretty cool how you can pick and choose what you want, only downside is my mind gets goin with all the options and the sandwich can come out wierd. no option to tell them light on lettuce or easy on the mustard. (you ask for mustard you get alot of mustard!) My wife loves this place. she usually gets a vegi sandwich (not my gig but tasted good). im no pro but kinda tastes saltier than most sandwich place. service is pretty slow too.I would go back!
4	I won't discuss their unique ordering process as its already been mentioned, I'll cut to the chase. Their variety of ingredients is superb, consisting of everything from popcorn shrimp and crab salad to bbq pork. They also have numerous toppings and dressings, however their only breads consist of white or wheat bread. Which Wichs  sandwiches are akin to Jimmy John's or a higher quality Subway more so than Quiznos or Jasons. Portion sizes are generous, and whenever I order several toppings, they don't sacrifice quantity, it ends up just being a huge sandwich. As others have said, they are a little slow, but quick enough to be in and out in under thirty minutes. The milkshakes are solid too, not bad for this type of restaurant.
1	Well maybe it's because  they are new and still ironing out the kinks but they have been open for at least a month now so as far as in concerned they should be past the rookie stage. Place was sloooooow. Sandwiches were no better than a subway or quiznos. And to top it off, they failed on 2 of our 4 orders TWICE!!  TWICE! That's 4 failed attempts folks! And, I saw other orders being brought back as well. Maybe that explains why it was so slow, all the remakes.Don't order a kids grilled cheese btw. Even my kid laughed at it. Literally, no cheese in between. Plus, you mark the "white American cheese" slot, yet the manager tells me, when I request white American for my wife's sandwich, that they don't  use white American. When I questioned about the white American selection on the kids gr. cheese, he said its mozzarella!!! Nothing at all like white American!!! Are you kidding me here folks? This place will be gone within 6 months. Any takers?
4	Great lettuce wrap, very clean and modern interior. Had a turkey sandwich in lettuce, yummy!
2	A Slithery Mess.  That's what I got when I ordered a chicken sandwich.  There was nothing in the chicken salad except chicken and mayonaise and more mayo.  Unfortunately, I asked for may to be spread on the bread, but they plopped pints of it.  It was not tasty.  The chicken salad wasn't appetizing at all.  The chocolate shake was great though.  It's the next morning and I'm still feeling queezy thinking about that sandwich.
2	I've gone here a few times. The service is always slow and the last time the food was barely edible... unless you really like bread, mayo and dijon mustard. There was barely any meat there. This type of service typically causes me to change who I purchase from.
1	Went there one on our lunch break one day and it took over 40 minutes to make our sandwiches!!! What in the world??!!?!! Had to scarf down our food on the way back to work! Not a great first experience
2	We were excited when this place opened up, and have tried it three times.  Twice for dinner and once for lunch.The staff is polite and welcoming but the wait is FOREVER and they seem to distribute the sandwiches randomly; each time I've been inside there is confusion as they give people the wrong sandwiches and/or make them wrong.Our milkshakes on the last visit were the color, temperature, and consistency of chocolate milk...Combined with high prices for average quality I don't think we'll be going back.
2	I got the Gyro and my husband got the Ruben. It was ok nothing special. The bread on my gyro was really soggy. The only good thing were the chips. Not coming here again. The Ruben was supposed to be got and a lot of the meat was cold.
5	From MA and this is the first I've heard of it & I loved it! Got the turkey ham club. The avocado I added was good & fresh! Staff was also extremely friendly! will def be back to try another before I head home!
3	It's just a sub shop franchise, not the best place to order Gyros Reubens etc. The stuffings are just average and the bread is again, acceptable. I'm giving bumping it up to 3 stars because I like the concept, the decor and reading the complimentary Observer while I eat.The first time it's like WTF? but you do the routine once and it becomes easy, plus I think it's great that you can work it all out before you get to the cashier. I think the menu needs some work, for example there's no Classic Italian sub combination. I've tried small medium and large and what works best for me is small double meat ie less bread. I usually go for the Cuban, not close to authentic but not bad.Service was always very good but I've never been there at peak times either.As subs shops go I find it OK.
4	This is a great little sub/sandwich shop.The employees are friendly and efficient.The interior has been really spotless every time I've stopped by.The ordering can be confusing the first time but you'll get a hang of it.This last time I ordered their limited time offer - Banh Mi.It was awesome!Banh Mi is a Vietnamese type of sandwich with pork.Love that I was able to get a sandwich like this at a regular sandwich shop.The ice machine also has the little tiny ice that I love!Great place for to pick-up or eat-in for lunch.
4	Good sandwiches for fast food. Sandwiches you won't find anywhere else. My kids love this place.
5	Awesome. Setup is confusing until you figure it out; but once you figure it out, it is a super smart layout and process. Prices are pretty high and wait was pretty long, but we were in no rush. Sandwich was fantastic.If you're not in a hurry, this is probably the best sub shop ever.
