4	For some reason I either seem to have bad luck with phone chargers or they just aren't made to last that long. I've had to replace a charger for my phone about 5 times now. The last time I was in there I personally thanked them on how great their customer service is everytime I am in there.
5	Kevin is awesome! (And a Brooklyner.) Thanks for hooking my husband and I up with iPhones! They are truly the best.
5	Leti gave me an amazing service! She is very knowledgeable and she doesnt believe in impossibles. Whatever you want she will try her best to make it happen. I went a couple of other times and they are all nice and helpful.  The people on this store have grest costumer service.
1	Horrified at the service and treatment I got from this store!  My wife was on the phone with me at which time she gave the phone to a rep named "Chris," who I was simply asking to explain to me the different between a "switch and save," and just resigning my 2 year contract... after a couple seconds of asking my question i find my wife back on the phone and the rep told her he cant talk to me right now!  This is just as bad as hanging up on me.  I wasn't hostile, I wasn't yelling or cussing, I was asking a question!!!!   It is their JOB TO ANSWER QUESTIONS.  It's really sad because i've been loyal to sprint for 8 years and have been soooo patient for the service to get better and it finally was until i run into literally the WORST customer service I've ever received through a wireless company.  It's amazing that all the carriers are putting so much effort into snagging their competitors accounts that they'll just treat their current customers like garbage and let them walk away!
5	Hex is amazing! She helped me getting a new phone & she explained everything very well!
5	Fastest experience ever in a Sprint store! Hex was amazing! I called to see if they had any Ipads in stock. She had one. She held it for me I went it she hooked it up, no high pressure sales . I was in and out in 15 minutes.  I will drive the extra 20 minutes and deal with this store from now on.
