5	Ya know in this economy you cant go wrong with saving a few bucks here and there right? 2 loves of yummy whole grain bread, 3.50.. a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread, 1.00.. 2 boxes of 100 calorie pack cupcakes, a 1.00 each.. box of Twinkie, priceless, well, 1.00! Super friendly and knew all about the specials at Roberto's next door.. though I think she had to many Twinkie's herself because she was a real talker and was clearly sugar juiced!
5	JOY JOY JOY!!  Why would you pay upwards of $4 for quality fresh bread when you can go here and get it for $1-$2.50?  Its not day old....I got bread today 12/12 and its good till 12/20.That's 8 days of goodness left!*White, wheat, sourdough, whole grain, multi grain bread*Thomas English Muffins* Hostess doughnuts,  mini doughnuts 4/ $1. *Bake and serve dinner rolls*Tortillas.You name it they have it.  Too many other things to mention. Go and see it for yourselfWho needs to eat extra carbs at full price when you can get em cheap!!The staff is helpful and will point out extra goodies of the day or show you where the REALLY fresh stuff is.If you need to bring snacks for the kids' holiday party, baseball team after game snacks come here and save TONS!!
4	Well when I left Chicago I thought I would never find a place like this out here in AZ....but not only did I find one it is mere minutes from my job. They always have great deals....I mean is there anything better than those $1 a box snack cakes....wohoooo. Twinkies, Ding Dongs, Cupcakes, Zingers, Suzy Q's, and everything in between really don't stand a fighting chance at that AWESOME price. I also have to mention the bread which is also a steal....but my favorite the WHOLE WHEAT buns.....8 pack....69 cents....simply delicious. So if your ever in the mood for some great snacks and a bread fix....don't hesitate to visit this locale. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	I was here on 11/16/12 supposedly the final day of Hostess due to the whole bankruptcy debacle. Hope this wasn't my last time shopping here because I enjoy Hostess Bakery Outlet and all that they offer. It's a vestige of my childhood, reminding me of some great memories.
