1	1. The place is under much needed renovation. This means, unlike the pictures on Super8.com, the pool is empty. 2. Our bathroom was really dirty - especially in the shower. The carpets were so dirty my socks went gray (they were white) just from walking on the carpet. 3. The staff POORLY treated my friends who were visiting from Argentina and Colombia. 4. The room was not made up. However, they did take our towels (Which we did get back after asking the front desk) It was cheap...in every sense of the word. I would suggest that you pay more.. Also, the 1 block off the strip is true but what they dont mention is that 1 Las Vegas Block is 1 mile.. So.. if you are going to walk.. Put on some sturdy shoes.. It's almost 1.5 MILES to just get to Ballys (The Closest Strip Casino)
2	This motel has good cheap rates, but you get what you paid for, the motel has been remodel, they gave the lobby a modern look. Front office was very friendly and when we checked in we were approaching our room and there was a strong smell of marijuana and our room was way down the hall it gave me the creeps, so me and my husband went back to the front desk and they gave us another room, this has been the first and last time we stay at this motel. The only best thing about this motel is that Ellis Island restaurant and casino is right next to it.
1	I checked in as a woebegotten tech reporter whose company couldn't afford a strip hotel for CES2014. I ended up calling it "the 8" because Super seemed somehow inappropriate for this.Hrmm, quick list of what happened over four days - nonstop tub backup, so much pot smoking on the floor you could get a contact high, everything seemed kind of dingey, carpet seemed loose a lot of places, smell in the halls was sometimes putrid, sometimes solid smoker & pot smoker. Outside of window was rotting away from the wall it looked like.The WiFi also was intermittent in when it would connect, how fast it went, etc.On a positive note:I was there for three days, nobody died during that time and I had no problems getting from the hotel where I needed to be on foot, so there is that going for it.I do not think I would stay again, mostly just because the smell was bad and whoever was buying the pot was buying stale crap, and the whole place just smelled of pot, detergent, and cigarette smoke.
2	What can I say, you get what you pay for... its ansuper 8 so my expectations weren't high but the rooms were visually clean and staff seemed friendly... very small room with king size bed and older tv
2	I stayed here 2 weekends ago. It is a older hotel and they are trying to remodel. But it still needs lots of work. My room had a fresh coat of paint and pretty new bedding, but the lamp on the desk was broken, the desk fake wood was peeling off and the chair was broken. The bathroom had a fresh paint, but you could see where there was wall damage.  The front desk was so so. A few really helpful people and some who could care less. But it was very quiet at night. All in all I got what I paid for.
