5	Quick, efficient, reasonable and honest.I don't even bother calling any other company for my a/c and heating problems.  They're THAT good.
5	I needed a wire run from my thermostat to my A/C unit. Carl's Air had someone over the same day, and he was in and out of my house in 15 min. He even installed my new thermostat unit for me at no additional cost. The tech was knowledgable, and professional. I highly recommend Carl's Air.
5	I called Carl's about 8:00PM on Thursday evening as my heating unit stopped working. I could smell something had burned out , figuring that it was probably the motor. David the service man called me back in about 5 minuntes and came over in about twenty minutes, replaced the motor  and the price was more than fair.
5	Friendly, reasonable, honest, and same-day service! Chris worked with me so that I was able to get a new unit the same day, will be recommending to all my friends and family!!!
5	Chris really saved us! Professional service and honest- we appreciate their quick response. Got a new compressor the same day!! I would highly recommend them!!
5	There's very little that lessens the hurt of coughing up the money for a new HVAC unit, that little is honest and professional service which Carl's Air provided when faced with band-aiding an old unit or going with a new one.The tech showed up the same day I called. Climbed to the unit on top of the roof during high winds and did a very thorough inspection.As a professional I've learned to stand behind products that have shown great reliability. Knowing that Carl's stands behind the brand unit they installed and will be around long after the unit's 10 year warranty runs out also took a little of the sting out of the whole ordeal.
5	We've been using Carl's to keep two older furnace/AC units. Carl's repair service has consistently been prompt, professional and friendly and the cost of labor and parts has been very fair. They do excellent work on time and on or under budget. Recently we had an NVEnergy CheckMe audit performed and found we qualified for early replacement rebates, so Carl's replaced both systems in a single day with high quality Bryant (Carrier) units that are quieter and much more energy efficient. As another writer said, excellent service, well-warranteed equipment, and fair prices all took some of the sting out of shelling out the shekels for replacing two large systems. I highly recommend Carl's to anyone in the Las Vegas/Clark County area, whether you need help in an emergency, or you're planning ahead.
5	Finding an HVAC technician you can trust is like winning the lottery.  You can really be taken advantage of when you're sweating balls (literally) because your AC is on the fritz.Luckily, Carl's is very trustworthy.  They've been servicing my rental units for a few years and I'm always happy with their work.  When one of the AC units completely broke, they came out the same day and completely replaced the rooftop AC unit within 48 hours.  That's fast!Their pricing is also reasonable, about $80 to diagnose.  They also TRY to fix the problem before saying "replace the unit."  I worked with two other HVAC companies beforehand that always told me to replace a unit while Carl's said "uh, yeah, it's a broken $20 part" and it could be fixed.All in all, they've probably saved me thousands.  So, yep, I love them.
5	Had John came out to put vent in for my microwave. Very punctual, courteous, work booty over his shoes when came inside. Prices was slightly less than he quoted me. It is hard to find people like John nowadays. By the way, this company was referred to me by another company that could not do the job.
1	Carls air conditioning left my family in the cold. I can say they were on time but the technician had a difficult time figuring out why my heat wouldn't  turn on.  He spent over 1 hour and said it was a switch. That wasn't the problem as that night the temps dropped and the heat didn't work. We have two children's bedrooms that are freezing and our master bedroom.  They came back the next day which was on a Saturday and the technician spend over 2 hours to finally tells us it was the board that needed to be replaced. Ok great we'll it's a Saturday and we can't get the part. We'll now my family will be sleeping in the cold for 3 days. Why come on a Saturday if you can't fix anything.  The manager was rude and didn't care that my family had to sleep in the cold. I will never use Carls again.
4	Last night we were in a panic!  Turned on the AC for the first time this year and nothing but warm air!  Now mom's coming over for Memorial Day and it's going to be 100 degrees outside.  I asked around on Facebook, someone recommended Carl's and their reviews looked good so I called them this morning.  The dispatcher said he'd have someone here around 1:00, then called an hour later and said he could be here at noon.  Enrique, the tech, showed up at 11:50, checked out our system, and diagnosed it as a bad pump.  He had the part in his truck and was able to replace it and be done by 1:00.  Now mom's here and the house is nice and cool!  Carl's didn't charge me an arm and a leg for coming out on a holiday, either.  I am no longer worried about having heating/cooling problems now that I've found a reputable company to deal with.P.S. For honesty's sake, I have to downgrade from a ***** to a ****. We had another problem with the AC. When the tech came out to replace a busted processor-circuit thingy, he forgot to hook things back up completely. Oops! No AC for two days until I could get another one of their techs out. If the first guy had checked the system before leaving (what the guy in my first review did), I wouldn't have had to take another day off work. Meh, I'd still recommend Carl's, but just make sure they check their work before leaving.
5	A live person picked up the phone. A tech came same day. They charged 75 bucks for the diagnostics which they deducted from the repair bill. The diagnostics was exactly right. I knew that I had busted compressor. The price was per market. I had a very good experience with them.
5	I wanted to have my AC serviced because it had been 4 years since we moved to our home and it makes a noise that the rest of my neighbors does not and I was a bit concerned.  When I called the office  a very nice woman answered the phone and she answered all my questions.  When the tech came to our home (Gabriel) he was so nice and extremely informative.  I asked him a lot of questions and he answered every single question so pleasantly.  Truthfully I asked my husband not to say anything about the noise the AC was making because I figured with reading all the terrible experiences people have gone through with other companies especially needing a part or something that they really did not need that we might be setting ourselves up (terrible thinking but I did my homework and read hundreds of reviews!)  but Gabriel told us we have a newer unit and it does make a different noise and that we have an excellent system and there is nothing to worry about.  Perfect and honest.  Now I know if I have a problem in the future with my AC or heating I know exactly who I am calling!!!
5	We are out of state landlords with our son and family living in the house in Henderson.  Friday night the air stops working.  We called Carl's first but because they were busy  we called another company, which won't be mentioned here (I think Nevada is the "Silverstate" - anyway, I'll be reviewing them separately).  They sent a tech right away who told me that the system would require approximately $1,100.00 to fix but said it was over 30 years old and should be replaced   $6,000!  He was very pushy and scheduled an install for 11:00 am the next morning should I decide to do so.  I later called him and cancelled.  The next morning I had Carl's Air Conditioning come out (to get a second opinion). It just happened to be 11:00 am when Gabriel showed up.  He spent 15 minutes on the unit, diagnosed the problem as a fried wire to the blower, fixed it, checked out the whole system and said it was in great shape. Air restored!  $160.00 for everything. This company is honest, efficient and competent and I will only use them in the future.  Watch out for quick-talking techs who will say anything to get you to pay through the nose for something you don't need.
