4	This shop put the care back into auto repairGilbert Family auto is an excellent and professional shop to take any auto to for repairs. I took my vehicle in there, they were honest, and back up their work. I had a minor problem with the car after it was hot and sometimes would not stay started. Thanks to Chuck and the gang and the work they did the problem not longer a problem. Work done- Change out spark plugs, oil filter, and some minor item flush the transmission fluids, cabin filter.
5	I took my car to Gilbert Family auto a week ago for the first time. I was very impressed at the time they spent to find out what was wrong with my car. I felt like they took a personal interest in me and my car. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who wants an honest and reliable car repair. Its rare to find a shop that takes great care of the customer. They really spent a lot of personal time to research my problem, and they did a great job fixing it. Thanks for your hard work and great service! John G
5	Shufflin' ova to Family Auto Care in Chandler, AZ.  Had a problem with da' car vibrating mucho when braking in motion right before the Thanksgiving holiday.  Family auto care "We are Family" knew just what to do to fix the car problem, and worked on it right away!  The staff was friendly and honest.  It's cool when you're shufflin', but not cool when you're braking your car and it's still shufflin'!   So I have yelp and Family Auto Care, to thanks-for-giving me peace of mind during this holiday season.  Peace out y'all!
5	Oh so very sad we did not discover this place 3 years ago and thousands of dollars earlier.  My Olds Intrique is the descriptive picture in the dictionary next to the term 'money pit'.  After Brake Masters putting expensive crap work into my car, Greulich's has been doing decent but expensive work.  With the amount of money I have spent on my car, I could have bought a 3rd car or put 2 1/2 kids through orthodonture.  With Chuck at Family Auto Care I have found a mechanic I can trust who is willing to knock his labor down in order to keep my business.  He has it.  Thanks Chuck for operating an honest, hard-working business that is willing to give the customer a break.
5	I found out my entire A/C needed to be replaced and was quoted (non-negotiable) $1400 at my old "regular" shop. The price nearly gave me a heart attack.I looked around on Yelp and found Family Auto. Chuck was so friendly and he gave me such a great deal! I called about 6 places, and he had the best price. While the price was great, I also just really liked the vibe I got. The whole staff is extremely nice and friendly. They are honest and trustworthy.My air is nice and cold and I am set for summer. Family Auto is definitely my new go-to shop. I've already recommended them to two people. Thanks again guys!!
5	I have never had a mechanic work on any of my vehicles. I have always serviced them myself  But, now I am forced to. I am a disabled veteran and just don't have it in me to play grease monkey anymore.I found these guys through yelp and kudzu. Probably the highest rated mechanics on both sites. Let me tell you, it's not just hype.  They are outstanding.  The work they did on my Explorer was flawless and they used pretty much all OEM parts.  They put ceramic pads on instead of Motorcraft asbestos, which I prefer anyways.They have earned my business forever. The Ford dealership quoted me $2,000. Family Auto Care did nearly twice the work and some additional preventative maintenance for $800.  I'm very happy with the work they did on my vehicle and will be bringing all my vehicles there from now on. These guys do everything by the way so don't hesitate to call.
5	I don't write a review unless I have experienced a business at least 2 times.  Well we just got finished with our second time at Family Auto Care and the guys did a wonderful job on fixing our pickup.  Estimate was exactly what they told us ahead of time even though there was some issues with one of the parts and they also had to replace the housing.  Great work, will be using Chuck and Cassandra from now on, a car repair shop that is trustworthy!!!
5	I decided to try Family Auto Care based on their excellent reviews on Yelp.  I'm new to the area and was dreading the day that I had to find a new mechanic.  I can honestly say that I felt like I was in good hands as soon as I walked in.  Cassandra is super nice and even offered to drive me home while they worked on my car.  They quickly diagnosed the problem and had my car back to me the same day.  I've been to shops before that tell you they will take a look and then call you but hours and hours go by before you end up calling them...so annoying.  I really appreciate that Chuck said he would call me in a couple of hours and thats exactly what he did.  They do great work at a fair price and I will definitely go back when I need to (hopefully never!  LOL).
5	I just moved into town in March and was looking for a local auto shop since I don't like taking my car to the dealer.  I chose Family Auto Care because of their great reviews on Yelp and Kadzu.I brought in my Honda Fit since it's approaching 36,000 miles and wanted to get an oil change, tire rotation, brake fluid flush, and just a general inspection.  8:30 AM - Dropped off and got a ride home from Cassandra.9:49 AM - I received a call from Chuck with a quote of $400+ because the valve cover gasket was leaking, a serpentine belt needed to be replaced, and I needed to replace the air filter and cabin air filter.  I mentioned I had both air filters and Chuck gave me another quote for $318.  I also mentioned I had 5 quarts of oil, an oil filter, and a new oil drain plug in the back.  Chuck said they would use that and quoted me $300.  Chuck was upfront about the fact that they would be waiting on one of the parts from the Honda dealer in Phoenix which wouldn't arrive until 2 or 3 PM.  This wasn't a problem for me since it's my day off and I had no plans.  The important thing was making sure my car was taken care of and I appreciated being informed of that delay.4:10 PM - I called and Cassandra told me they were finishing up and were about to take it on a test drive.  4:35 PM - Cassandra came by and picked me up at home.I'm very happy with their service, honesty, and the courtesy of dropping me off and picking me up at home.  I will definitely be coming back in the future.  The only thing I forgot to do was use my 10% Yelp coupon for First Time Service, but that was my fault so it's okay.
5	Believe the hype.... it's true.I haven't had my brakes checked in over a year because the last time I went to Just Brakes and got screwed. Well I decided on this place after reading all the reviews on Yelp and this is as good as it gets.Called and made a same day appointment to drop my car of for general service and brake check.  When I walked in I was greeted by a friendly (but not too perky) girl who took my information and confirmed my reasons for leaving the car. 20 minutes after I dropped the car off, I got a phone call explaining what was needed to be done. I was told that if I did the brake job with them they'd do the other maintenance for free. I agreed to have them do the work and within an hour my car was ready to be picked up.Everything from beginning to end was seamless and professional. They didn't try to sell me a bunch of crap that I didn't need. My brakes are great and I will definitely be going back to them for any other services I need.
5	You will not be disappointed with this place. They kept me informed along the way of what kind of repair they needed to do. Suggested some other work that they could do while certain parts were removed and didn't charge extra labor for that (since they were right there anyway). They do not charge a diagnostic fee, and they truck was done when they said it was going to be. I have to give this place away but its just too good to keep to myself. I will always come back to Family Auto Care for ALL of my repair needs.
5	Had one shop tell me it would run me over $1000 to get some brakes fixed.  Family Auto did it for $500 and had it in and out in one day.
5	Hands down, the best honest auto care in Chandler!  Was originally headed to Joe's auto, but the reviews made me ball up my coupons and toss them in the trash. I saw the reviews on yelp and decided to give family auto a call. Right off the back, I was treated great. Took my car in and me and Blanca (my truck) were taken care of. Family auto is just as there slogan reads. Honest, professional opinions given! Blanca and I will be back if her immune system drops again!
3	I didn't have any work done here.  I came in for an A/C charge, but they ended up finding that I had a problem with my A/C system.  They took about 30 minutes to figure it out, then wrote me a quote.  All free of charge.  I was impressed with their professionalism.  I will defintiely keep them in mind next time I have an issue with my car.
5	Decided on this place because of the great reviews. Having a working car is a must and now, thanks to them, I'm not scared to drive mine. The price was fair for the Many parts I needed and the labor. Definitely recommend them, and I will go back for future repairs.
5	After reading all the glowing reviews about these folks and thinking my 2007 Scion tc might need some serious repairs, I thought I'd give these folks a try. I am pleased to say my expectations of their service was exceeded. Friendly, Fast, Professional and Honest, it doesn't get any better than that. I found out my car didn't need all the repairs those "other guys" insisted I needed. They saved me a bundle of cash. Highly recommended!
5	Summary:  honest, fair pricing, quality work, fast, no add on requests.  Everything you want from a repair shop.    I took my 07 Colorado in for a brake job.   Please understand, my car has very expensive brakes to replace (bad GM design), so I cringe when I have to get them done.  As soon as I pulled in, they saw the Colorado and knew my pain.To soften the blow, they said that they would clean and adjust the rear drum brakes for free.  Better yet, they quoted the repair $50 below the guys down the street.  The car was ready right on time (3 hours later, pretty impressive for just showing up and dropping it off at 10 a.m.).  Furthermore, they did the work for $70 below estimate and didn't try to up-sell me any new repairs they "discovered" like so many other shops tend to do these days.In summary, I saved $120 from the next-best competitor, got great quality work done, wasted no time, and met some quality people in their shop.  You would be a fool not to go see these guys first for any auto repair.  They are the real deal.
5	Fast, fair and, honest!  I own an '06 F350 6.0 Diesel that had electronic issues. Problem was solved quickly & at a very fair price.  They had me up and rolling by the next morning.  I will be taking my truck back again when the time comes.  Thanks Chuck!
4	When I think family business.  I expect an old man ordering his kids around to hurry up, but this is a group of young brothers or cousins and they wives, running a great shop.   They seem to be honest and fairly priced.  It is hard to say that when I have to fork out extra money on an unforeseen car repair.  However, I shopped around and they beat the other prices and I love the take me under the car to show me what is going on with the car while diagnosing the car.  Of course no one is ever happy to have their car break down, but this is my place, if it happens again.
5	I love bringing my car here. It is one of the ONLY mechanics places that I would ever trust working on my vehicle. So far I've brought my car in 3 times and each time they fix the problem, and made sure I don't waste money on useless stuff.
5	Great service and pricing. I would recommend anyone at least stop by before taking your car elsewhere.
5	It is nice to know there is still honest businesses out there. I highly recommend Family Auto Care to everyone. We are very happy we brought our 2005 F250 here to have our brakes done. Same day service quality work, and was charged very fair. Thanks
5	I love Family Auto Care!This is truly a great family run business. Chuck and Cassandra treat each customer as though they were part of the family. I brought my car in for a/c repair, they did a great job and even put a rush in so I could make it back in time to pick the kiddos up from school. If it wasn't done in time they offered to take me to pick them up in their own vehicle. That is service!Later I brought my daughter's car in for service and had a quote from another repair shop (she only got an oil change there because I didn't educate her beforehand) and they did everything that was recommended for hundreds of dollars less than the quote and they actually did a more thorough job!I will always use Family Auto Care!It is nice to be able to trust your car to a great mechanic!
5	It can be so hard to find an auto care place where you don't feel like you're being taken advantage of - and you really don't need to look any further than this place.  Like many, I found them on Yelp and turns out they are just a couple of short miles from my home.  I've driven by the corner many times and never knew they were there.I took my 2006 Pontiac Grand Prix in due to a misfiring engine.  The actual culprit was pretty tough to isolate, but Chuck and Josh didn't quit until they identified the issue as a fuel injector.  It took a couple of visits to get it done, but  Chuck kept in constant contact with me on the status and took the time to explain exactly what they were finding as they started excluding some things before zeroing in on the problem.  In the end, the problem was solved and I felt I was treated fairly from the beginning to end.  A shout-out also to Cassandra who transported me back and forth to my house several times over the course of the diagnosis and fix.  That was a huge help.All the folks there are very friendly and I would recommend them highly.
5	I'm always nervous about having work done on my car for two reasons-1) I know nothing about cars other than how to drive one and 2) I'm female and you hear that they always take advantage of that fact at dealerships and car repair shops.  Anyways-my brakes sound horrible and I knew I'd have to get them looked and most likely new ones.  I looked around the internet because I definitely didn't want to do a big name brake place and Family Auto Care had really good reviews so I took my car here.  I was still nervous-so much so that I had a dream the night before that it cost so much that I couldn't afford to pay.  Anyways-the reality was so much better-the two guys there that Saturday (2/2) were so nice and explained all the repairs they did..  Better yet-the price of repairs were extremely reasonable!  I'm definitely coming here from now on for oil changes, etc.  Thank you!!
5	I don't often write reviews but more people need to know about the great service at this place. I took my old Honda in for service because it kept dying on me even though it had recently been "fixed" by another mechanic. They checked everything and  figured out my brand new alternator was the wrong type for my model. I also had them switch out my leaky radiator. They had my car up & running in a day. It really is a family run operation. Everyone is friendly and the prices seem fair. Special thanks to Cassandra and the guys for going out of their way to help me while I dealt with a bank issue when I picked up my car. Everything got worked out and I will definitely be back.
5	It was nice to not feel like you are being ripped off and lied to.  I had taken my Honda into another shop to have the clutch fixed, and found out that they had jimmy rigged my clutch pedal, it worked for 2 blocks, and then tried to tell me I needed to replace my steering column, among other things.  So when I came to Family Auto, they found the problem, fixed it, even gave me a break on some labor and parts, as they felt bad I had been ripped off!  It wasn't cheap, but it was well worth knowing it was fixed right!  I will always come back, and recommend them.
4	I had my car repaired at Family Auto Care recently and had a pretty good experience. I read the reviews on Yelp (of course) before taking Theo in. Theo's power steering had randomly and instantly gone out on me one night while driving home. I try to take good care of my car and I instantly felt that drop in my stomach when my wheel took the strength of ten men to turn.I was able to use some power steering fluid and temporarily repair the leak and limp Theo to Family Auto Care. I had spoken with Cassandra before taking him in and she sounded very friendly and assured me that my car(Theo) would be well taken care of. I dropped Theo off on a Friday and was called on Tuesday to let me know he was ready. Cassandra had given me an estimate before the repair that was very accurate and I did not feel overcharged or hassled. The only reason I knocked one star off is because once I got Theo back the AC was suddenly not working. I knew that it was certainly working before I dropped my car off.I called Family Auto Care to let them know that my AC was not working and Cassandra told me to bring my car in whenever was convenient for me. I brought Theo back on a Thursday afternoon and they took him right back. Turns out an O-ring had been broken while repairing the power steering panel. Family Auto Care repaired it no questions asked and took care of it without a problem. I would recommend them to anyone looking for an honest auto repair location in Chandler. They are also located in downtown Chandler which is home to many of the best local eateries which is great if you are waiting on a repair.
5	I found Family Auto Care on Yelp and gave them a call to see about a second opinion on getting my air bag light checked on my 06 Hyundai Tucson. I gave them a call and they got me in right away to check it for FREE which the dealership charged me $70.00 for!  The did verify where the problem was in the seat buckle and did this in less than 30 minutes. They were straight up, professional and kind.  They checked on the part while I was there so I knew the price and time it would take immediately.  Very well ran business!
5	This is the only place I will trust with my car. They never try to get you to spend extra money on things you do not need. I took my car in for power steering, they told me it was just dry, no leaks, filled the fluid, and sent me home. NO CHARGE. I have also had major work done on my 2004 Honda Civic here, and it was by far the cheapest price I could fine. The work was done well, as it is almost a year later and the work they did has not proven faulty in the least. I am bringing my car back tomorrow for a coolant leak. This is the only place where I know they will fix the problem without trying to make me pay for services and options that I do not need. Honest, affordable auto mechanics....Wow that sounds strange if you say it out loud. However, once you visit Family Auto, you will see how honest and affordable they are. Also, the owners are as nice as it gets. If you have to get your car fixed, skip all the other rip offs, and go to Family Auto.
4	So I moved to the Phoenix area about a month ago. My car apparently is not happy with my decision and started to act up with a coolant leak and some other issues. Not really knowing anyone or having a co-worker base to query I turned to trusty Yelp. I searched for auto repair and either, highest rated or most reviewed came up with Family Auto Care. I called Thursday after 4pm to inquire about a Friday appointment. They said sure no problem bring it in. I was there a touch past 8am. Normally it takes a good half hour for a shop to "wake up" but I could see plenty was going on already. I was given a friendly greeting and was told they wanted to look at my car before I left, great, I thought. I had my repair costs in hand inside 30 minutes. They point out my other issue and let me know the cost and that it did not need to be fixed today, there's a first for a shop. They worked with my tight schedule which allowed me to not miss any work and had me in/out in 4 hours. I'll definitely keep them in mind for my next repair.
5	Fast, friendly and helpful. The shop worked with my warranty company and had me back on the road with 24 hours. The shop even found other issues that would have cost more later to repair.
5	Josh was extremely helpful with me. He worked with my warantee company to get the most out of it and charged me a fair rate for the rest of the work. He was accurate on completion dates and someone was always there to answer the phone. I will be going back.
5	We were having issues with our Dodge Neon and read such great things about this place that we gave them a shot. Due to a prior commitment I had to send my wife to go instead and she couldn't have given a more glowing report of the entire staff. The quote was beyond reasonable and they explained everything to her in such excellent detail that when she was relaying it back to me she sounds like a mechanic herself! We will be bringing our cars in for the necessary repairs as soon as we can but in the meantime I have already recommended this shop to anyone who will listen. Thank you Family Auto Care for taking care of my car and my family!
5	After a long trip my car engine was overheating upon start up.  The problem persisted, eventually causing the check engine light to come on, so I brought it to Family Auto Care.  I dropped my car off late afternoon to Joshua.  Joshua gave me a call later that day and asked if he could keep the car for the night and run several tests, top of my coolant, and perform a diagnostic.  The next morning he called and informed me that he couldn't find a real problem, and that it was probably reacting to low coolant or the long drive.  When I arrived to the shop he outlined everything he did and even showed me the sensed "codes" that caused my check engine, trac off, and vsc lights to come on.  After describing all of this he handed me the keys at no cost!  Incredible!Josh definitely earned a whole family of new customers! :)
5	Its so rare to find a mechanic that you can trust, is affordable, does a kick ass job, and delivers excellent customer service to boot. Josh and his team at Family Auto Care have impressed me time and time again. These are good hardworking people and I highly recommend them.
5	Awesome!  If I could give ten stars I would. Josh at Family Auto fixed my vehicle for less than HALF of an estimate from Gruelich"s on Alma School in Chandler. Josh fixed the car in the most cost efficient way possible, and I actually felt like he cared.  You can tell he is sincere about doing the best job for his customers.  That's pretty amazing if you think about it.  Most times after leaving a car repair shop I feel like either I've paid through the nose or even worse, been ripped off.I wont go anywhere else. Great service, great price. Thank you Josh!
2	I'm conflicted about this review because its a local business owner and Josh is a relatively nice guy. Let me explain...I went to FACC for a brake inspection on my 08 Sienna, I didn't have any issues with the breaks but it had been a few years since they have been inspected.  Josh comes out does a quick visual of the brakes in the parking lot. And quotes a price of $350 for the front brakes, rotors, and labor. I'm not a car expert but I thought that was kind of high. I thanked him and said "I'm going to get some more quotes and will get back to you."  I went to my next appointment, who specializes in BRAKES and proclaims themselves to be the Masters, they took my vehicle into the bay with in 5 minutes and performed a full inspection of my front and rear brakes. Their recommendations were to replace front brakes and they gave me an est. 1/3 of FACC. I thought to myself why was my est. at FACC so much more expensive. I called FACC and spoke to a technician Jason? He explained to me why the est. was $350; they use high quality parts, replace rotors, labor. Then I asked about the warranty? He didn't know how long it was? I thanked him and since I went to FACC because of the high marks in yelp, I said that I may have to leave a negative comment because I felt like I was being cheated. Jason says," Well we get plenty of great comments, yours wouldn't matter".  And hung up!  At this point my car is already being worked on, at a cheaper cost, with a lifetime warranty on the brakes!   10 min. later I receive a voice mail from Josh. He states that he looked up the cost of the repair and he miss quoted, they actual cost would be $280. He apologizes for the $20 difference in pricing. $350-280= is more than a $20 difference.I called Josh back and he went into detail of why the cost was high. FACC does not specialize in just brakes and do not have the right equipment to resurface the rotors, therefore have to charge you for new ones, plus high end parts and labor=$$$  To josh's credit he did call me back and tried to get my business and apologized for his technicians customer service. According to the other great reviews I'm sure he does a wonderful job on everything except for the most important part of the vehicle.
5	Thanks to Google and Yelp I found this company! It's hard to find a good mechanic and especially a great shop. They fit the bill and always have. I have been faithfully going to Family Auto Care for a few years now.It's especially rare to find their level of commitment in any company or industry. They are not a chain and do not have book keepers devising new ways to paint you into a corner. They give an honest analysis and are able to deliver very competitive pricing. They have taken very good care of my vehicles and have delivered better analysis than their competitors which means less trips back and more cost effective repairs.
2	I keep visiting this car shop due to the sheer number of yelp reviews and keep being reminded that this is not the place for me.  They're friendly enough but don't expect them to be able to look at your car unless you've booked 3 days in advance or are willing to leave your car there for 4 hours at a time.  Parking is very limited as the shop is behind a "lube" place and parking is already occupied by cars undergoing repair (inside the garage & out).  Trust me, you don't to wait for your repairs because the office/waiting area is the size of a broom closet and cooled by a window AC unit.  I've consistently gotten better pricing, faster service, and far more comfortable wait at AZ Automasters.
5	Great service. Would recommend to all my friends to come here. Josh is highest rated on yelp for a good reason. Im very pleased with what I payed for the amount of work that was done. Super stoked to find a trusty mechanic nearby who knows his stuff.Thanks again guys
5	I needed to have a wheel bearing replaced and scheduled an appointment for a week out. I made the appointment on line and was called the same day due to their concern about the safety of the vehicle. i was able to bring it in early for them to inspect. It was great to get a call early due to their concern for me, my vehicle and others on the road.  I brought it in at 8 am and had it back by 1 pm.
5	I went here because my brakes were grinding. He called me and said the rear brakes and rotors were metal on metal and the front were close. I asked him just to turn the front rotors and replace the rear. When he went to turn the front rotors he realized they were too far gone and had to be replaced as well. Because he had already promised he would turn them and not replace them,  he replaced them and didn't charge us the difference. He also gave us discounts on other services that needed to be done. It's rare to find a mechanic with that much integrity who will honor his word - even if it means taking a loss. I appreciate his work and honesty. They've earned my business.
5	This place is the real deal. They are professional, honest, and straightforward. They only fixed what I asked them to without adding any extras. We also received a quote before the work began so there were no surprise expenses. They kept in communication with us and completed all the work quickly. My vehicle is running great, the work they did was definitely top quality. We could tell they weren't just a business, that they are passionate about what they do and they actually care about your vehicle and your needs. When the work was done we were provided with a detailed print-out of everything that had been fixed/replaced along with the exact financial breakdown. We will definitely be using Family Auto Care for all our vehicle needs in the future and would recommend them to anyone.
5	Great place and great service.Best auto service I have ever encountered. Pricing was fair, and everything was clearly explained to me. Chuck offered me an on the spot discount, and even gave me a ride to my house and back to the shop because of the long wait. I couldn't imagine any other company doing that for their customers. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for auto care.
5	Had our vehicle (09 chevy cobalt) towed to family auto care co early this morning. They started working on the car almost immediately! and amazingly had it done by 5 o'clock the same day!! The car runs like brand new! I'd recommend family auto co to anyone! they were super reasonably priced and even showed us the parts they replaced which was a first time a mechanic had ever done that for me (fuel pump, fuel filter and replaced a broken door handle). definitely impressed with this place!
5	This is hands down the greatest auto repair shop in the history of mankind. When the power of Jesus Christ can't fix a car, take it to Family Auto Care Chandler. Chuck is  extremely knowledgeable, (and famously handsome) he and his team always meet my expectations. They are honest and fair, which is rare in this business.  Love you FACC, thanks for saving me numerous times!!!!!!!
5	Have taken both family cars here, and have had nothing but exceptional service every time. AC in my car went out, dropped it this morning and was fixed in 3 hours. So quick! And they changed my oil! Extremely honest mechanics, did not cost me anything NEAR what I would have paid at another shop. Air is blowing ice cold, and all is well with my car again. Would definitely recommend them! Thank you family auto care for the amazing service!
5	I will always trust them to be honest and do the work that needs to be done. I called them with questions and asked for a quote and advice and chuck was there to help out. Thanks for that. You will always have my business
5	My experience with Family Auto has been good.  First off, they provide free diagnostic checks.  I've also used their free shuttle service on more than one occasion and I live a good 7 miles away.  No complaints from them and they've always been very nice about it.  I brought my car in on a few different occasions and they've always managed to fix my car for a reasonable cost and within the time specified.  I thought they were professional, courteous, and had a great attitude.  I also had issues with rotors that I had replaced through them.  They were beyond the warranty yet they still replaced them for free anyway.  It's things like that which keep me coming back.
5	Yelp was correct, Family Auto Care was great.  Mike was awesome.  Told me what was broke and everything else that could be a potential issue.  I picked what I wanted fixed with zero pressure.  He also forgot to quote the extra parts cost for changing the oil on my crappy euro-trash car and didn't charge me for it.  This was around $40 and I know that's accurrate b/c I've changed the oil before.  Great, honest service with a smile at a fair price.  What more can you ask for?  Highly recommended!
5	Good work. Saved me $. No sales pitch for unnecessary workI brought my car in for some low pitch squealing noise I thought may be an issue with a belt or the rack steering. They checked it & told me the steering fluid was low and they filled it and no more noise (no charge). That freed up some $ and I had them fix my power window for significantly less than another garage's estimate. The repair time was reasonable and Mike was easy to work with. I cant ask for more. Thanks
5	Great Service --very honest and did great work and they were quick -
1	If you want to take your car and let inexperienced so called "Auto Techs" work on it, take your car in to this place. Not only will they do a hack job but also leave their greasy prints all over it as evidence of their shoddy workmanship.They returned my car without completing the job because they ordered the wrong parts, the next day they said they fixed it but it still wasn't fixed. Three days of aggravation justifies this post.
