4	I have been here on a couple occasions and am just now getting around to writing my review.  I got a pedi and the girl who did it was great!  I was able to walk in and get seen right away.  They have several different packages you can get for your pedi, mani, etc. and you know up front how much it's going to cost. No $5 more at this place.  I will be back!
5	I come here all the time. The staff is always friendly and personable. I never have to wait which is great coming from a long day of work. I have tried other salons but not one I will use again. The price is very affordable.
5	This place is great! I have somewhere a little closer to me that I usually go to for convenience, but I think I'll stop being lazy and make this my regular. They are clean and have really nice chairs. The employees are always so kind... "Your skin is like baby's." is always something a woman wants to hear lol. Points for you! And the massage and hot stones with the pedicure?! Yeah, since I usually just do my own nails, I opted for this one. Sigh.... :-)The owner was there on this day and was waxing eyebrows like crazy. I mean, the place is in a bad location and they never seem to have a lot of customers. There were several people who came in and gave her so much praise about how she always does so well... So when my nails were done, I asked her to clean me up too. Very nice. She didn't get any in my hair, lol, yes that happens where I usually go... And they looked great! Oh... And no greasy cooling lotion to wash off when I get home. I'll be back on the regular now. And you should go give them business too!!!
5	Best massage chairs ever! Reasonable pricing - I paid $25 pre-tip for a spa pedi (with super long/awesome massage) and callus remover and hot stone rub. Staff is really friendly, but also respect the spa environment and aren't over-chatty. I closed my eyes and was in paradise for a half hour.
5	I found this shop when I was looking for Kohl s, so I thought I would give it a try. Let me tell ya this salon going to be my regular place now. I came in for gel manicure, and they have so many gel colors to choose from, ( I was overwhelmed). The nail tech that did my gel was friendly, she did not rush like other salons I been to. I saw they have liners in their pedicure tubs. I would definitely come back and try the pedicure !!
