3	This Publix is tucked behind the Walgreen's that faces Johnston Road at the corner of Providence Road West.  Today was the grand-opening, and I needed to pick up some groceries, so after work I decided to stop in and check it out. Based on the insanity of the number of cars in the parking lot today, you'd think they were giving away free groceries for life!It's a nice store but not nicer than HT at Ballantyne or Stonecrest.  I found it to be an average shopping experience...many of the same products & pricing on par with what I spend at HT.What I liked about the store:-Nice bakery - they were giving out samples of their key lime pie and it was tasty.  Next time I have to pick up a dessert to take to a picnic or party, I will consider swinging by here to check out what they have available. -I saw what looked like fresh gelato - I didn't try it though so I can't say whether it was good or not.-Pretty good selection of natural cleaning items like Mrs. Meyers Laundry detergent & fabric softener - I love that stuff & usually have to go to Target or Earthfare to get it close by. (HT has 7th Generation, which Publix also carries.)  What I didn't like about the store: -Wine and beer are in totally different areas of the store - its weird to me that they are separated - I find it more convenient to have them in the same department.-Cold beer aisle is sort of in the middle of the store - again a little odd to me since most grocery stores stick the beer on an end aisle or right beside produce which makes it a little easier to find.  I am sure I will get used to the layout here, but I still think its odd. -I buy frozen veggies when the stuff I want is not in season locally, and I was a bit disappointed with the frozen veggie selection. I think the bigger Teeters around here have a better selection in that area. -More limited hours. I think this store closes at 10 PM, so no late night runs to the grocery store for Beer or Ben & Jerry's here!  Because the store was too crowded when I was there, I did not take my time going around to shop in all of the departments.I will have to go back when the madness dies down so I can really check out the produce section as well as a few other sections of the store. As a consumer, its nice to have competition & alternatives, but I can already tell that this isn't going to be my "go-to" grocery store for the majority of my everyday shopping.
5	The service is outstanding! Will definitely buy my grocery here. Plus it's cheaper than Harris Teeter. They push your cart to your car and unload the groceries too. Great service again and it's new so clean and well organized inside.
5	Publix is the best grocery store, I'm so happy they opened up nearby. When I walk in, I go straight to produce and every time they have the best selection; quality and quantity. I go for the for sale items and they are just as good as the regular price. When shopping the first pepper, onion, head of lettuce etc I choose is in good shape. No more searching the pile for the perfect produce they all are perfect. As I'm shopping every associate that I came across had a smile and said hello. They're very willing to help you find what you are looking for. Well staffed store, it shows in the cleanliness of the store and the shelves are well stocked. The cashiers are so helpful, they unload your cart for you and they will also push your cart to your car and help unload groceries. I will continue to shop at Publix, best bang for my buck and the best selection of foods!
5	Great selection and most of the staff is very kind and willing to help! There is a lot of seating inside, outside, and on the patio. Also, a good amount of samples.
