5	Just finished eating here and man is this place delicious. I ordered the 'Boozer' which is a beer brat served in a pretzel roll and it was incredible, especially for $5 which includes a side and drink. The staff was very friendly and the service was all around great. Will definitely be going back soon.
3	Went to "The Berliner" last Saturday.  I had seen then holding a sign on Eastern on my way to work.  Having grown up in Germany I was very excited about the prospect of a German restaurant opening so close me.My wife ordered the Knockout, I ordered the Odd Man Out and we got Minis for our daughter.  The sausages where good but I thought the schnitzel was not hot enough.  It was cooked enough but the temp was just not right.For side we ordered fries and cucumber salad.  We loved the salad but the fries where nothing spectacular.  The reason for a three star and not a four star review was the service.  I had the two for one coupon from the website but by default they applied the free item as the lowest price of the three, not the middle item.  I said I thought it should be for the middle item since if I just ordered two that would have been the free one.  They agreed but I think they should have done it that way to begin with.  They also got our order mixed up with another order.Not sure if we will be back or not.
3	I read about the Berliner and was intrigued enough to give it a try last night around dinner time. We walked in right behind another group and we all studied the menu together. They were offered samples of anything and everything, sadly we were not. I thought this was a little weird, but since there were only 2 of us we decided to just place an order for what sounded good. I chose the Boozer, mainly because it was served on a pretzel bun. It was good, but had a bit of a sweet flavor, which I found surprising. My husband got the Stinker, which is accompanied by some garlic and onions on top. It was definitely tasty and the superior of the two in my opinion. We got a side of sauerkraut, which I found to be mild and lacking in flavor. We also shared a side of fries, which were crispy, hot, and delicious. I liked that they offer about 5 different kinds of mustard, but I almost wish they were not behind the counter so we could pour them ourselves without having to ask for more. I found the staff to be friendly, but they were all pretty young and you could tell that they were still trying to get the menu and a rhythm down. I was also surprised that they close at 7 and they turned away some customers who arrived a few minutes after 7. It seemed like a mistake for such a new business to be turning away paying customers. Overall, the food is OK, but not amazing or really memorable in any way. I can see some potential growing pains, like consistency popping up in their future. It was very clear from my experience that they were the new business on the block.
4	German fast food, meet Vegas. If bratwurst is a thing that floats your boat, consider your boat floated. Bratwurst is what The Berliner does - and it does it great at a relatively cheap price.Sausage varieties are plentiful here. Most meaty palates should be able to find something they fancy. From brats drowned in tomato curry sauce, to solid beer brats served in a pretzel roll, The Berliner has got your back.Sides come separately from the entree, though you can easily make a combo with an order, which comes with side and drink. I highly recommend giving their sauerkraut a try. It's made in-house, with a savory twist that goes great with the brats.Prices are on point, staff is awesome, and food is definitely worth checking out. It's easy to tell that lots of love has been put into making this place happen. All of which is enough to keep me coming back.
3	I really wanted to like this place but was kind of disappointed. I came here on a Sunday afternoon and arrived during the lunch rush. Let's just say the food wasn't very fast which didn't bother me at all even though this is a fast food place. I placed my order at the counter  for the Knockout and the Odd Man Out. The brat in the Knockout tasted good and had a nice snap. I know that German food isn't the most flavorful but the Knockout is solid. As for the Odd Man Out, the pork cutlet had a light and crispy coating. So far so good right? Well let's just say the cutlet is sliced so thin, the meat to bread ratio is more in favor of the bread. I would have enjoyed it more if there was more pork. The cucumber salad added on the Odd Man Out is nice but it seems there wasn't enough of that either. I'm not rushing to come back but I'd try the Swimmer or the Stinker next.
4	I recently got into a text war, around midnight, with a chef over this place. He was not so impressed, but I am not one to let others tell me how I should feel about food. In other words, he can shove it. All in all, it was in good humor, but I did enjoy the Berliner. A valuable lesson all Yelpers should learn is to check into a business before approaching the counter. I say this because they had a bomb deal going on that day. By finding this establishment on Yelp, my sister and I got a combo meal for $4.99 each. The saving was immense. Normally their entrees are $6-$7, add a side for $2, then a drink for $1.25, and you are spending over $10 for a meal. We don't drink pop, but it was still a better deal to just do it this way and use our cups for water. My sister got the Odd Man Out, a schnitzel sandwich served with apple sauce on the side and a cucumber salad on top. Spread some of that apple sauce inside of the sandwich to balance the lemon. I got the Boozer, a brat cooked in beer, served in a pretzel bun with sauerkraut. The potato salad does not use mayo and has a more vinegar based taste to it. I liked the radish slices throughout. The fries are simple, but served to a crispy perfection.
4	Don't hassle the hoff.... But definitely order the Hasselhoff. Huge & delicious. The fresh potato salad with bacon was outstanding. Would have given 5 stars but you forgot my kraut on my hoff, dude... I will for sure return though. Finally a good spot for a brat!
3	This place is pretty good (A-OK, I believe yelp would call it). We tried the bratwurst, knockwurst, and the pork chop sandwich. All were good, but I liked the knockwurst the best. The service was friendly, although not especially quick (it's a counter-order type place).Where it loses points is the price. It's $10 for a brat combo, but if you want sauerkraut, that counts as your side! The sausage is pretty big and the bread is filling, but for $10, I kinda expected some fries or potato salad or something. For their first couple months or so, they have had a Yelp check-in special: any combo for $5. That's an awesome deal, and if they keep it, I will upgrade them to 4 stars for sure.It's in my neighborhood, so I may be writing a follow-up review in the near future.
1	I have tried to patronize this restaurant 3 times in the past 2 weeks and it is still closed. There is a sign on the door with no explanation or date of a reopening. Don't waste your gas money driving to this place for the time being,
