5	Ubercool, brooding bold classy bothy (sic) I spent one night here and the place whisked me back to the days when I travelled little enough to actually get passionate about a location (before I started work). This hotel is a fine example of why, to an Englishman, Scotland feels like an exotic foreign country. It's the atmosphere, that elusive something that makes you think 'this is special'. The fact that a lot of the staff were from Poland or the Czech Republic, Italy or Spain, in my view added to the Scottishness of the place. Don't get me wrong, this is not the traditional whisky, haggis and kilts Scotland we're talking. This is vibrant, liberal, innovative, challenging, attractive, up for it Scotland; Scotland showing its independent spirit by challenging the 'chic corporate complacent consistency' of a lot of major hotel chains. It works, go there and have an experience.
4	A charming, awesome hotel! Its a bit far from the centre of town, but the area is quaint, quiet, and perfect for foodies as theres loads of good restaurants nearby.Just be aware that a cab from the airport will set you back quite a bit (going from one end of Edinburgh to the other). But there's a bus that goes to Princes Street almost right from the doorstep.My room was clean, spacious, quiet. The bed was luxurious, the bathroom decent. Its clearly not extremely modern or the most luxurious rooms, but they're comfortable and welcoming after a long day out.Would definitely happily stay again!The London Insiderhttp://www.london-insider.co.uk/
4	We spend many an afternoon on their terrace in the summer, had some dinners here and now several Sunday Brunches. They have been steadily improving on offerings and service. Their very latest is the Sunday Brunch - which is possibly the biggest one on offer in Scotland. (allegedly). Making a reservation is required as they are usually fully booked for 3-4 Sundays ahead. They have enough people serving and it is a gluttonous affair. Basically you start with the entree - which is unlimited (ish) and has salmon parfait, ham hock, waffles, omelets, terrines, soup, eggs, Waldorf salad, croissants, baguette, cheeses, fresh fruit and much much more. The buffet chef will cook what you require. When that is finished you'll have a main course of either salmon, burgers, steak, Sunday Roast or classic brunch like eggs Benedict.Desserts are plentiful and change every so often, but there will be a sundae, ice cream and crumbles on offer.They also offer a selection of 6 different Bloody Marys - take your pick!The service is pleasant and efficient. Good job.
1	Malmaison (bad house) is about right, but MerdeMaison is much more fitting.  I was really looking forward to spending NYE in Edinburgh and thought this hotel would round out a fun holiday.  How wrong I was.  At first glance, the place looks impressive with quirky, fun decor. But it's all about the details, isn't it?  While the room was well furnished and large, the phone didn't work at all through the entire stay (and nobody came to fix it after maintenance made an appearance on day 1). So every time we needed anything, we had to go down to the front desk (see detail on staff attitude later in this review).  In addition, the beds were like wooden planks. And the breakfast was AWFUL.  Food two of the days was only partially cooked and inedible.  I'd upgraded our initial rate to include a full breakfast as part of a NYE package -- the upgrade cost about $100 US for two guests for three days.  But when we got to the cafe we were told our package only included the continental choice and we'd have to pay extra for additional items.  Seriously ... that is expensive bread and pastry (which I don't even eat).  So the desk manager (I assume that was his title), after a discussion, told me he was only upgrading our breakfast package to include meat to keep me happy (delivered in a very snide tone and smirk -- complete with eye roll).Which brings us to the hotel staff.  Most importantly to me, about 50 percent of staff was extremely rude -- beyond the norm of European travel. I can tolerate a little bit of sassy attitude, but this was shockingly insulting.Lastly, I'd paid in full two months in advance of the stay only to be presented a bill for 10 percent more at checkout. The girl at the desk could not explain it, only point to line items and shrug.  I'm still not sure why I was charged the additional fee (probably a malicious mark-up for the inedible breakfast) ... I'll probably never know.I should have followed my instincts initially and booked the Balmoral.  Much more spendy, but worth every single penny.  I will NEVER again stay at a MerdeMaison property.  But as I don't think the Malmaison brand can possibly last with this type of service, hopefully nobody will have to.
5	We stayed here for three nights and they were the most relaxed and refreshing break we have ever had!The staff were delightful and very friendly. We struck up a friendship with hotel bar manager who went above and beyond to serve us and make us feel welcome.The rooms were spacious and luxurious with the most beautiful view of the 'Water of Leith'. We enjoyed an amazing continental breakfast every morning that set us up for the day.
