5	I saw there wasn't a listing for the new location, so I figured I'd add it!Being a regular, I visit this place just about every Thursday.The staff is excellent, while the tables can sometimes be a little messy, their are plently of napkins to clean up.Their food is always great, the chicken can be a little dry sometimes, which is why I always get the grilled fish tacos, with a side order of hot shrimp.Their salsa is excellent as well, and their beer selection is modest, but they have something for everyone.This is an excellent place to go and decompress after a hard day of work.
5	Best. Wings. Ever.
4	Went here on a recent Friday night to catch the tail end of their happy hour  (3-6pm) for dinner.  A lot of other people had this idea too, because not only did we have to park quite a ways away, Chuy's was packed out and we barely grabbed the last table available.  I had an order of two chicken enchiladas ($1.99), my wife had a quesadilla ($1.99) and I got a Baja Brew ($2).  With some guac on the quesadilla, and complimentary chips and salsa, total of less than $8, what a steal!  I was mad when I had the chicken enchiladas...mad that I only ordered one plate!  They were delicious.  I think what put them over the top was the strong mesquite broiled flavor from the chicken.  They were also nice and crisp with a good amount of cheese and sauce.  The quesadilla was okay, nothing special about it, and the chips weren't super fresh.   The beer was cold and had a nice flavor to it.It had been awhile since I had been here, but I'm going to try to be back again soon for those chicken enchiladas!
5	I have eaten at various Chuy's locations for about 20 years.I will eat at Chuy's about 5 times in the next 7 days.Street Tacos are awesome.  I like to order 2 Street Fish and 2 Street Pork tacos.I love the Street Shrimp, but they come with nasty lettuce so I order cabbage instead.The Chicken Fajitas rock, Margy's rock.Its just a great place to eat. Day or Nite.
4	Great place to go for happy hour and Sunday breakfast. They have $2 build your own Bloody Marys all day Sundays. Breakfast is super cheap and tasty. Chuys also has one of the best strawberry margaritas I have ever tasted.
5	I eat at this Chuy's store nearly every day of the week.Fresh food made well with a great staff.Now they are potentially out of a job and that kinda sucks.Rules are rules, too bad the management didn't manage that better.Come back Chuy's!
5	Friday April 22, 2011.My Chuy's at Greenway is back open!New kitchen staff...  I had the Chicken Fajitas and they were the best ones I have had there.The employees seemed very releived to see the regulars back in.
1	Went to Chuy's 2 days after the re-opening.  New kitchen staff and cashiers. Service was awful, the cashier stated they were brand new, and it showed.  The food was atrocious, over cooked and the salsa bar looked like it had been sitting there for hours without being restocked with fresh salsa. The place was dirty and the whole vibe was a downer.  I've been going to that Chuy's for at least 4 years, but I doubt I will be back....
3	I have to admit, my friends had to drag me to this Chuys location because the one on Cave Creek and Thunderbird is horrible. This location, however, seems to cook their food when you order it rather than once a month.I had the Tri Tip tacos and they weren't bad...they weren't delicious either but I wasn't horrified.The staff was pretty friendly and everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their meal.
5	I can eat here every day! Their chicken - the way it's done - just yum! I usually get a combo - chicken/shrimp w/rice and cole-slaw
1	No mas pollo.Went to this Chuy's location for lunch today and it is closed.Note on the door regarding Landlords rights.Never was a really happening location.  Not sure what the other stores are up to, but this location is done.
3	Here's the deal...Prior to Moon Valley Grill opening at 6:00 AM this was the only game in town for an 8:00 AM blood marry.  The early opening time and $1.50 blood bar are what first attracted me.  I've continued to go back because the Mexican food is ridiculously cheap and in my opinion pretty good!The Good - Drinks, Food, PricesThe Bad - Service, Atmosphere, ClienteleThe Ugly - The bartenders
