4	The Big F heard a few good things about Redstone Grill, and we had an Entertainment coupon to use as well.We walked in shortly after 6 pm and noticed that we just  missed happy hour.  They have two happy hours as well!  (Monday through Friday, 3 pm - 6 pm and 12:00 am to 8 am)  All appetizers are half off, breakfast is half off during the reverse happy hour and drink specials are available.  Not a bad deal when their appetizers include seared tuna, sea scallops, crab cakes, lamb chops, and lobster quesadillas! We both ordered the Rib Eye Steak for $15.95.  "12 oz. choice Steak marinated in our signature Redstone seasoning."  You get two sides with it and I went for the Baked Potato and Cabernet Mushrooms.  The Big F went for the Baked Potato and Onion Rings.  When he found out Black n Tan meant Guinness was used in the batter, it was an easy sell.The food arrived pretty quickly and the baked potato came with all the fixings - butter, sour cream, cheese, bacon bits, and chives.  We were both pleasantly surprised with the food quality as well, especially for the price.  After finishing our meal, which was a fair amount, we were offered dessert.  I was interested in checking out their dessert menu, but the waiter upped one on me by bringing the dessert tray over!  Fancy!  Although the desserts looked and sounded great, we were stuffed! Service was good, our waiter along with his colleagues all came by to check on us and make sure things were good.  No shortage of employees here.  They also had a steady stream of customers coming in on this Thursday night.  Overall, a good place with a nice selection of food to choose from and a price that doesn't hurt the wallet.There's also a full bar section to the left while the restaurant portion is the right.Sidenote: On Saturday nights, the restaurant section closes and "The Loony Bin" takes over.  This stand-up comedy show is $14.95 per person, but we got a coupon after dining there.(Pics are posted!)
5	My rating is based on the new ownership.  Redstone Grill is now Straight Up Gaming & Martini Lounge.  They have a slew of martini specials.  I tried the bubble gum and strawberry lemonade martini.  Both were very delicious.  The food is great.  I tried the Cajun chicken sandwich, steak salad, and my favorite the Charles special.  The Charles special is named after the new owner.  Its a mixed green salad serviced with candied pecans, berries, and raspberry vinaigrette.  Aside from the delicious food, they have drink specials.  My favorite night is Saturday.  On Saturday's they have a party hosted by Money B of Digital Underground.  The DJ plays old school Hip Hop music and current hits.  I will definitely be back.
