5	dick is the only mechanic i've ever trusted. highly recommend.
1	Went and saw Dick last week because my check engine light was on and I needed to get my car smogged for registration. He said he'd run a diagnostic test on the car and let me know what the problem is. I then waited for about 20mins and Dick came out of the office and told me they ran a diagnostic test and it showed my catalytic converter was shot and I needed a new one. He handed me an estimate for $1092.50!! The day before a friend of mine who has his own shop here in town ran a full diagnostic test on my car. The test showed there was a prob with one of my O2 sensors. My friend said he could fix it for me but I'd have to wait since he was going out if town for a few days. I needed to get the car smogged and registered asap and didn't want to wait for my friend to get back....That's how I ended up at One Stop. Anyways back to the $1092.50 estimate, I simply told Dick I couldn't afford the fix. He then handed me a bill for $89, the cost of the diagnostic test. A test most places and auto part stores will do for FREE. Anyways, I decided to wait until my buddy got back into town to replace my O2 sensor. He replaced it for a fraction of the cost of a new CAT and ran another test. Everything was fine INCLUDING MY CATALYTIC CONVERTER!! So basically Dick tried to rob me for $1092.50!He did however succeed in extracting $89 out of me that day...the cost for the diagnostic test that showed I had a bad catalytic converter??!!One Stop Auto Service Center is yet another example of why most consumers are so afraid of the auto repair business.
5	Great place really friendly. Gave me quotes on other shops so I knew I was getting a great deal. They showed me how bad my pads were and I was able to watch what was going on as other shops won't even let you near the garage. I don't see why they've  had any bad review but I guess I'll let you be the judge. I've had my oil and brakes both done here and I'll be coming back if I come across any repairs and can get it all done in one place. Thanks again guys!!!
5	One Stop Auto is the only repair shop I will ever use! They have proven to me that they are the most honest and consistently knowledgable mechanics I have ever dealt with. When a dealership told me I would have to replace my AC compressor for $800 I took it to One Stop where they found a small leak, plugged it and recharged my system for under $50! They bend over backwards to fix my problem the first time and go the extra mile to get my car repaired and back to me in the time and at the price quoted! I have never received the kind of service and concern from a service provider like I have from One Stop! They have gained a customer for life!
