3	I took my kids here and their playground is cool:) had some coupons for some sweet deals as well!
3	If you have driven by this burger king and never noticed it, you are not alone. It is located in a super congested area with many stores right next to thrift shop. And they have a special right now that was only supposed to last for 1 weekend are you buy 1 whopper and get 1 free. Jema took my order and she was extremely sweet and pleasant. It was very nice of her to take the time to understand the order because the last time I went to Burger King what is a very unpleasant experience. Mind you, I haven't been to burger king in at least 6 years or more, so this is a very important trip.Yeah, but my order still wasn't exactly right. So much for the " have it your way"  mantra. I suppose it has changed to "you'll eat at I give you"
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!! We just went to the drive-thru at this Burger King and the girl (Ashley) was so rude. We started to place our order and immediately she cuts us off and doesn't listen. We had to pull up to the window to place the order. Once we got to the window, she huffed and puffed the whole time and threw us attitude. Our order was thrown into the bag, the burgers were spilled out of the wrappers and the onion rings weren't even full. Both orders were half empty. Once we got home, we called back and asked for a manager. Whoever answered the phone wouldn't tell us who they were and hung up on us. They then called us back to harass us and blame us for the hang up. I will never go back to this location. Calls have been put into the corporate office. Will update once we see what they are going to do.
3	This burger King has its good days and bad days, however I've definitely seen more bad. The employees aren't the nicest. In fact I've been made fun of before through the drive thru. The food isn't always hot either. This store did just get remodeled and replaced their drink machine with one of those that can fuse flavors into sodas so hopefully it will improve further.
