5	Great guys.  They replaced our unit and were VERY knowledgeable and pleasnt to work with.
5	I first found discount in June 2012 and was very impressed.  I am a property manager with more than a dozen old cranky air conditioning units to deal with.Discount sent Earl, a VERY knowledgeable tech who has been in the business a long time and really knows his stuff!  The prior air company said I needed a new unit that would cost over 7500.00 and take weeks to install.   Earl fixed it right away (low freon) and its been going strong since (its now the end of Sept 2012)Second review September 26, 2012Thank god for discount, again!We had an ac failure and the home warranty co sent a hack who told me i needed a new compressor for 2750.00.  I called Discount and they sent Earl again and he had it diagnosed and running in no time at all.  He explained in detail what went wrong, how I can prevent it next time, and what he did to fix it.  A few hundred $ later its back up and running.I have had a lot of experience with ac companies and none were worth mentioning in the past, but Discount has been great to work with, and very honest.
5	These guys know what they are doing and act like it.  Quick to respond, quick to accurately diagnose and quick to repair.  Had a unit on a four plex go bad, they diagnosed, prepared two options and had it fixed the next day.  They are definitely teh go to a/c company for me.
5	August '13 update.It's been a year now and discount has never disappointed.  I'm up to 20 units and every summer they have trouble and discount is there for me at every turn.  Thank you discount!
5	Feburary '14 update.This has been a brutal winter for us, heaters have had a hard time keeping up.  Discount has been there with out fail every time.  We are going on two years with discount and they have been excellent at every turn. Great service, extremely knowledgeable techs best prices in town, and when they fix it it stays fixed!  I highly recommend them!
1	I decided to give Discount Air a try because the online reviews didn't seem too bad. I manage rental properties, and so I have had experience with about 8 different HVAC companies. My experience has been that every single large company tries to overcharge, and some by ridiculous amounts. Now, when I have an A/C problem, I will only bother trying one-man shops who don't have to take direction from upper management because I suspect that's where the problem lies. I'm just an ordinary person with no in-depth knowledge of how this business works.When I called Discount Air, Earl came out the next morning to look at my unit. Out of all the A/C technicians I've ever met, Earl was by far the friendliest. He was good at explaining things and giving money-saving tips. Surely, he had only my best interest in mind. He then quoted me nearly $1200 to fix my problem. I refused, so I had to pay $75 for the service call (if you are going to call a large company, I suggest choosing from among the 5 or 6 that charge $25 or less for the service call).I called Moore's Air Conditioning and they quoted me under $300 to braze and recharge my system with r410a. They arrived at my home with two men, friendly guys. Then they called their management and said they had to charge me $550. They did waive the service call fee, however.I finally got the problem fixed in under 45 minutes for $260. Now I understand that many people cannot wait that long and they need the A/C fixed quickly. But from a game theory perspective, this makes it wise for A/C to ask for ridiculous sums because they know they the next guy will also overcharge, so they might as well overcharge. My best recommendation is to do as much as possible yourself. For example, if you have to replace the fan motor, don't call an A/C company for a quote. Buy the part yourself, watch some youtube videos, and do it yourself. The more knowledgeable consumers become, the more likely we are to restore some honesty to a country that is becoming corrupted to the core.
