5	Anyone remember TCBY?  They were the original yogurt company, that opened (and I think closed) back in the early 90's.  And now, frozen yogurt is back, taking over the city by force!  My loyalties, however, lie with Zoyo...I was SUPER excited to see that they were putting in this particular location - it's walking distance from my house, with I think is both a good and a bad thing (come summer?  I may take up residence here!).  I think Zoyo has very reasonable prices, really like their no-hassle-sample-as-much-as-you-want approach, and who doesn't think that the roll up garage door is cool?!?  And of course, the yogurt!  Tasty!  And I'm always amazed at how much the flavors ring true!  The cake batter yogurt tastes like cake batter, the candy cane tastes like candy canes, the snozzberries taste like snozzberries...  And my favorite?  Zoatmeal cookie!  So delicious!  A great addition to the neighborhood!Want to save some pennies?  Ride your bike here on Mondays for 25% off, or wear your PJ's on Wednesday nights after 5pm and get 50% off!
4	So happy to have Zoyo in downtown Phoenix.  I am a lover of these self serve spots that have been popping up around the valley for a few years.  I would rate Zoyo as second in command just under Yogurtology.  The reason I rank it 2nd is because they don't have an as many toppings as the ruling #1 Yogurtology.They are in a great location, super clean, friendly staff and have several different flavors.  So hit it up after Jersey Mikes or Chipotle which are right next door or do as I did and just make it your dinner!
4	Yet another yogurt place to throw it hat in the ring of shops trying to take over the world. This is my new neighborhood yogurt shop, and I am a fan. It is located in the cutest little corn strip of shops, including a Chipotle, 5 Guys, Jersey Mikes and a new concept place of customer sushi (interesting right!?). Anyway, this place is large enough I don't feel like we are all fighting for toppings, and they were featuring some awesome flavors of yogurt; Fruity Pebbles yogurt, Pistachio, Red Velvet, Original Tart, Chocolate Fudge....I was feeling a little girl and decided to have a little big of all the chocolate they offered.... four different yogurts - chocolate, fudge chocolate, red velvet and vanilla, then the toppings I got dark chocolate chips, milk chocolate chips, peanuts, raspberries and strawberries and waffle cone. The best mix I have ever put together. Well, minus the chocolate fudge, it was waaaayyy too rich. Grab some yogurt and pop a squat in the front or back of the store, great for people watching.
5	Great addition to the neighborhood.  Delicious and clean.
5	Out of all the eateries settling in on the "Corner on 7th" complex at McDowell and 7th Avenue, I was most excited for the Zoyo Yogurt. This locally owned chain serves up some high-quality soft serve along with a nice array of toppings - for a great price, too. We've been by several times and have never been disappointed (except when the one sugar-free option is something like mint or coffee - ick).What I like to do is take one of the smaller cups and fill the bottom with a layer of the sweeter flavors like graham cracker or toffee topped with something like crushed Butterfingers. Then I put a fruity flavor (peach rocks) or good 'ol vanilla on the upper half with a fresh fruit topper. Yum.
3	I had been avoiding these designer Yogurt trendy establishments for the past couple years. I didn't get the craze for this idea when it was ice cream either. But it was the end of long hot day, and on my route home. The selection of flavors was decent, there could be an additional cup size for a smaller portion. Only having larger cups encourages over eating and over paying. The toppings were varied enough to satisfy most, and the fruit was fresh. The price was good, the place was clean and it was a perfect day to sit outside and enjoy their shaded patio. Only 3 stars cuz I guess I just don't understand the craze. I appreciate the option for the lactose intolerant population, but I can't see myself dying to come back anytime soon and I only live 2 blocks away. Bottom line, it's just yogurt with toppings.
5	I resisted eating Zoyo for months after they opened because I was afraid I'd get hooked and be there every day. And, yep, it's addictive. They always have new flavors to try, but right now my fave is salted caramel. It's incredible. I usually pass on toppings.As other have suggested, it'd be nice if they had smaller containers. But I am impressed that they can keep the store so clean with the giant roll-up doors open. They lead to a nice patio that's sufficiently removed from the street that you're not just breathing exhaust.
4	I was in the line at chipotle for lunch trying to figure out just how much froyo I could get for my $7 instead of a burrito. It turns out that you can get about 16 oz worth! Since I already have a predisposition to all things froyo, it wasn't that hard a decision - sorry chipotle :/Zoyo really hit the spot on this hot June day during during my daily break from the office. I sampled all the flavors and ended up filling my cup with about 6 different flavors, cause thats just how I do it.The glass garage door that opens towards McDowell seems like it would be cool to open during those idyllic Phoenix 80% days. Everything was kept clean; but at the same time, it was during the business lunch hours with no kids in sight and only about 8 people inside.Although my inner cheapskate wishes there was a groupon or check in deal of some sort, being just a short bike ride from my place up the street, I can almost assuredly tell you that I will be back at some point down the line. I don't always eat frozen desserts, but when I do, I eat froyo. ;)
4	Zoyo is our favorite neighborhood froyo spot!The location is irresistible, when coupled with some of our favorite chain restaurant next door - Chipotle, Jersey Mike's, Five Guys and a How Do You Roll? Sushi.The place is small, cute and clean, with lots of flavors and toppings to choose from. They also have a great rewards program where if you buy 10 frozen creations, you get the 11th one free!I am a fan of the frozen yogurt model, because whether you are in the mood for just a snack, or if you want a huge dessert, you can always get what you want for the perfect price!One star off because their flavors are not my favorite in the biz, but I am still a fan!
5	I love zoyo! And even more, Angel is awesome. She's always happy.
5	According to me (and really, who else matters) Zoyo is top dog in the froyo world. I like how their yogurt has all the classics but also kicks it up a notch with seasonal flavors. Toppings are plentiful and finely chopped so I can fit all 8 different candy bar flavors in my cup. If you wear your jammies on Wednesday nights, you'll get 50% off.
4	I didn't even know that Wednesdays you get half off if you wear PJ's...I'm coming in boxers next time!
4	I wore my pj bottoms and got 50% off my piled high order. I took my selections home to enjoy and to share with my dogs. They loved the pistachio and cake batter but one of them is fro-yo intolerant and doggie diarrhea is never a pleasant experience.
4	Stopped by Sunday 12/02/12. The girl working was nice, friendly and very professional. She was great explaining the flavors and promotions shop has. I tried the plain tart didn't do much for me. By contrast I really liked the Fruity Pebbles which I've never had before, and the Salted Caramel Pretzel. The shop is kept very clean, nice clean bathrooms, plenty of seating outside. I will definitely stop by on my next trip!
5	Great yogurt, good prices. Friendly staff. Salted Carmel is the best!
4	Great flavors, tons of toppings, and sweet staff. Definitely a solid fro-yo establishment and wish there was some in NYC. Good variety of flavors/toppings. Parking can be a pain, but it's worth fighting for a spot. I'd go on off peak hours (ie NOT lunch time) for your best bet!
5	I visit this location very often since it is close to work. Pistachio is the best! I prefer this place over yougurtland because of the toppings selection and the better flavors of yogurt. I go pretty often and there is something new each time I stop in.
5	I'm sure by now you can see how I love frozen yogurt.  When I found out that they opened a new frozen yogurt place by my house,  I was super excited.  This Zoyo store is very cool. They have a lot of favors that you can choose from and a lot of toppings too My favorite favors are the red velvet, cookie & cream and the cheesecake.  You will have to come by and try Zoyo if you are in the downtown area. Happy Yelping.  :)
4	Zoyo!! I love the name!!!! :)  Such a great open patio from this spot , ignore the traffic from McDowell Rd. and just unload with the yummy sensation of great tasting frozen yogurt! Plus, they include toppings that the Tatum and Shea Bldv. location lack!! (e.g. Lechera and peanut butter!!) Yum!! Crazy good, but with moderation it's a no harm delight!! :)
4	Place was impeccably clean, but they were completely out of fresh fruit.. I'm talkin no peaches, no strawberries, blueberries, raspberries... which are the only toppings I get. I ended up getting sprinkles and oreos, but I really missed the fruit. :(Their slideshow was fun, and the employees seemed happy. The location is AMAZING and very fun and open, so it's a fantastic place to go. Just keep 'dem fruits stocked up, ladies! :)
5	I once saw an episode of American Dad where one of Stan's friends tells him that he has gained a lot of weight and his response is "yea it's called Jamba Juice, they promote it as this healthy energy drink, but really each one has like 1500 calories"...I don't care I still love me some Jamba Juice, and that is the same way I feel about Zoyo or most Frozen yogurts these days, with all of the calorie counts and gluten free this, and no fat thats...If you are really diluted you can convince yourself that you are eating healthy...right up to the point where you add a mountain of cheesecake bites, cookie dough, brownie bits, whipped cream and cover in mallow cream and then just shy of 2500 calories you can go home and still feel like you did something "good for yourself"...Am I alone here? :) Sorry for the rant, but I always find myself chuckling internally that I turned down Ben and Jerry's for the "Healthier option".    Regardless ZOYO is where it's at they always have a fresh list of new flavors and they are good about keeping the super delicious ones on hand at all times (MMMM salted caramel). This place is friendly, close and they have a great program that gives you a free FROYO after filling up your punch card every time you purchase a froyo. PLUS I can ride my cruiser here and just camp out on their patio area and watch the weird guy from the tax place across the street dance around like he is high on ecstasy, so free entertainment to boot. WOOHOO
5	right now they have a pecan pie flavor and honestly, i think when i ate it, i found jesus for like a second.for that one brief cup of froyo, everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.get the damn pecan pie froyo. you won't regret it.
4	Nice to have walking distance from home.
4	Delicious frozen yogurt in dozens of predictable & unique favors, with a plethora of amazing toppings, including fresh fruit, nuts, candy, sauces & whipped cream. Unlimited free samples. Spotlessly clean & modem store. Friendly service.  Ample seating inside & out, on the shaded rear patio.  Fair prices. What else could you possibly need in a frozen yogurt establishment? Salted caramel, topped with Heath bits & caramel syrup? Yes, please! Pretty much the perfect way to wrap up a hot summer day in Phoenix.
5	I come to Zoyo for afternoon snacks on some days and it is just a treat!  Picking your own flavor and making your froyo sundae with a variety of toppings is always the BEST!!  You feel like a child again.  I tend to load up on the chocolate fudge, maybe some peanut butter and cannot forget about the sprinkles!!
4	The BF and I got a midweek treat here this past week and it was pretty delicious. I had a mix of coffee, salted caramel, and snickerdoodle and 2/3 were really good (the snickerdoodle tasted sort of like horchata, but less creamy...it lacked richness). I definitely felt more like I was eating ice cream than froyo (which is good!) and I liked that they had the calorie counts on each flavor. I wish they had more fruit available for toppings, all they had is kiwi and strawberry and maybe some jarred fruit....I think they do have more at times, just not when we went. Anyway, I would go here again the next time I want some froyo.
4	Zoyo Neighborhood YogurtI stopped by Zoyo Neighborhood Yogurt shop for a quick afternoon snack while in downtown Phoenix. The first observation that caught my attention was Zoyo's is clean, incredibly so. The Employees working at Zoyo's greet every customer who comes in the door, which I thought was a nice touch. Once you enter you are given sample-size cups.  You can taste as many samples as you desire. The employees are very accommodating and ready to answer any questions you might have about the yogurt, the machines or the multitude of toppings.Zoyo's yogurt is creamy and very tasty, with all the flavors Zoyo's has to offer, my decision wasn't going to be an easy one. I enjoyed two kinds of yogurt on my visit - Salted Carmel and Ultimate Cherry. I topped my yogurt with a variety of goodies, such as raspberry sauce, marshmallow cream, and chopped cashews.  My yogurt creation was amazing.In addition to the amazing yogurt; Zoyo's has an outdoor sating area, roomy with plenty of seats and music.  So if you're in the downtown Phoenix area and craving a delicious treat stop by Zoyo's you won't be disappointed.  .
4	BOMB.COM Look I'm a traditional ICE CREAM kinda guy. I was raised on Baskin Robbins in Brooklyn, New York growing up. But this shit, is the next best thing. (Plus people claim it to be semi healthier, in all honest, who the hell knows.) They have tons of toppings, a decent amount of yogurt flavors, all at a really good price.
4	LOVE!! That is the only way to describe how I feel about Zoyo.- Love: outdoor seats with giant heaters to keep you toasty while eating cold goodness- Love: all the flavors, especially the super simple but perfect vanilla- Love: the toppings, which are fresh, delicious, and seasonal (holiday gummi bears!!)- Love: pricing, which is very reasonable for what you getCan't wait to go back!
1	Usually I just scope other people's reviews but this service was so terrible I am compelled to write the first ever review of my own. Needless to say the following review is about service not yogurt - we walked out and didn't buy any and so can't speak to that. Abigail was on duty and informed me she was the manager which shocked me because she essentially refused us service for walking in 5-10 mins before closing tonight. She was in the back dismantling machines for the entire duration of our visit. My mom and I am asked if it was possible to get some yogurt and she said yes and then... Nothing. She didn't come out to help us. I had to walk into the back for a third time to ask her where sample cups were. She was slightly rude in informing me they were up front. Sorry I'm a brand new customer and didn't already know. Then she returned straight to the back completely ignoring another couple that had come in. It was so rude at that point we skipped the samples, returned to the back again to get her name, and left. Super disappointed. I don't know how this place will stay in business with that attitude problem.
3	It's ok. They have flavors I don't really like. But the service is good and it's a walking distance from the place I live))
5	Salted caramel here is always perfect!
3	Try the Aloha or Tart yogurt. Their toppings are yummy as long as you don't get the pineapple because I'm pretty sure it comes from a can. Gross. But the berries are always fresh. The patio is a bit loud but the location is cute.
5	I absolutely love frozen yogurt.  Unfortunately a lot of times the variety of flavors is pretty bland.  The flavor here ere great.   You could actually tell which flavor you were eating.  The toppings bar was pretty good.   It had the usual cookies, fruit and candy that most froyo places have.
4	This is a very clean shop, and for the most part it is never too busy.I bring my daughter here after swim lessons sometimes and we always leave happy. We usually both get the Vanilla Yogurt. Some of the other flavors are a little off tasting, such as Peach Cobbler and Cookies n Cream.The toppings bar has a wide selection. Cookies, different types of chocolate chips, candy, fresh berries and kiwis, and marshmallow sauce, honey, lechera, and a bunch of other stuff!!I also like that they have free yogurt when you get 50 points with their reward system. $1 is equal to 1 point. It seems like a lot, but it will add up eventually!
5	Zoyo is great! Love the vibe at this location. Customer service is always great, and there is always a fun event or promotion going on. The fro-yo flavors are unique and tasty, and they get changed out frequently.
5	This is the best yogurt in Central Phoenix! The atmosphere is fun and friendly! The stations are clean and well kept! They have a great little patio that is always packed because this place is so great! You am even bring your dog while you sit and enjoy your yogurt on the patio!
3	Great spot to relax and enjoy some frozen yogurt. Love the toppings selection. Brought my kids here and they loved it!
