5	Amazing concept, especially for people who haven't really worked out a ton. The place is pretty small but the owners are really nice and helpful. The machines and program are really effective at achieving a proper workout without wasting multiple hours at the gym. It really is like having a personal trainer since every workout is planned out for you via screen and it also picks appropriate weight levels. The cord/ point system is a neat gimmick to keep you intrigued and makes working towards the next goal a challenge
5	Just worked out the other day at Koko for the first time. I thought the workout was great walked away from the machine with a great pump then followed my workout with cardio, the Koko Cardio was unique and kept me pushing myself further than I would in any gym by myself. I had Ashley help me through the workouts she was very personable and made sure I understood everything completely. Can't wait to workout with Koko again!
5	Well, they have me hooked! I HATE to work out. I get bored so easy, I'm uber-busy and I very much dislike the "gym scene".  This is a terrific concept. After a few months of "trying to be really good", I think I've made a true habit here. It's one of the best places to work out and get fit that I have ever tried in Phoenix. Well, now that I mention it, I have club rights when I travel as well.ANYWAY, I'm a clean freak. No sweaty, smelly equipment, showers or unclean mats here. The place is modern, new and spotless. I talk to people all day. When I find time in my busy schedule to help myself be healthier, I want to just that and be left to do my thing. The staff and owners are just helpful enough to make sure you don't get hurt, but the rest is up to you. I'm a bit of an on-line junkie. The modern technology that allows my program (with my progress and goals) is easy and in my opinion is genius. They even have a dietary program that you can use to help you reach your full potential.Parking is a breeze. It is so close to my home. If you want amazing personal training in the heart of Phoenix so you can have the best work out, this is the place. Kelly and his team have nailed it. Koko FitClub of Phoenix will make you a believer and get you in great shape!
5	Great staff & a great way to work out. Kelly and crew help keep you motivated and wanting to do more. Very convent for busy lives.
5	If you're serious about getting and staying fit but you can't afford a full-time personal trainer, this is the place. More a club than a gym, KoKo's personalized training regimens provide the structure and feedback you'd get from a trainer, but with the flexibility of working out just about any time you want. For years, before joining KoKo, my wife and I wasted our money and time at several traditional gyms. Now we get terrific, customized workouts in 45 minutes and we can track our progress toward our goals on line. The KoKo FitClub concept is unique and it absolutely works.
3	I wish anything I could give Koko 5 stars, but it is not to be. The staff here is amazing, the workout is fun, never boring, right on target and always different. It's a great concept - except it's more of a concept for a home gym since there are no shower facilities or anything of the sort there, or any location that I'm aware of. There are restrooms, of course, but that hardly counts. I called around when I moved to see if that was truly the case elsewhere, and was told by another location that basically it was only intended to be a 30 minute workout, so why have showers? What?!? I didn't even know what to say. I guess he doesn't break a sweat during his first 30. Me? I'm gross. Since the only way a workout will fit in my schedule is on the way to work, I'll never get to Koko Fit again, and that makes me sad. If that's not an issue for you, perhaps you should give it a try. You won't get classes, or much in the way of cardio equipment, but you can completely nerd out on all the data from your memory stick, and you will get a personalized workout you can look forward to. But you'll have to look forward to that shower until you're back home.
3	The premise behind Koko Fit Club is a high-tech and efficient way to work out. Count me in. So, I signed up for a few weeks trial package. The pros:* The staff is really helpful. If they see you're performing an exercise incorrectly, they will be right by your side to assist. * Great hours--so if you end up working late you can still work-out. * The exercises are set up based upon your current fitness level and goals. * You can geek out by checking your stats online. * Endorphin-city. Since I was being pushed to the maximum of my level, I felt great after every work-out. * Clean, modern, orange. There's a bathroom to change in and plenty of anti-bacterial wipes handy. The cons:* You are using one machine. For all of your exercises. It takes time to set up for each of the various maneuvers, using parts located on the side of the machine. So much time that I spent almost as many minutes trying to get the attachments set up as I did working out. Example: locate rope attachment, attach to machine, move the screen to the proper position, do the exercise, put the rope attachment back, grab the bar attachment, set the bar attachment up, move the screen to the proper position, do the exercise...oh, another rope attachment exercise? Joy. You get the picture. * The cardio is basically a recording on an iPod that you play while you adjust the speed manually a treadmill. This felt like something I could do on my own (downloading a work-out and heading to the treadmill in my apartment complex or at a friend's house.)* Fees are moderate to very expensive. * You copy the work-outs to your personal flash-drive and insert it into a box after every work-out. You pick up the flash drive the next time you work-out--which felt a bit old school.
