4	This is a delightful, rustic wee Patisserie offering some very tasty, authentically French bites!I stopped by mid afternoon for a latte and some snacks. Although they still have some freshly made croissants and pain au chocolat on offer, I tried one of their panini's. I decided to break out of my Mediterranean eating habits and ordered a sweet Thai chicken filler. Not only was it really reasonably priced but it was also delicious! The tangy, gently spiced chicken was appetising without being too overloaded with sauce. It satisfied my hunger cravings without bloating my belly up.I got mine to takeaway since it was quite full inside, but if you choose to sit in and arrive at the right time of day, it's a very mellow yellow environment. The walls are painted a gentle, creamy yellow, and its bespoke design and slightly bohemian feel is very appealing. You could almost believe you were in Montmatre!The staff were friendly and I can happily report their sweets were delicious. Aside from doing healthy smoothies, they have a lovely selection of cakes. I had a macaroon swirl and not only was it a tasty sugar rush, but it also cleansed my palate. Tres Bien!
3	If you come in to this brilliant little patisserie, be aware of three things. First- the clientel are all either old or up thier own arse, but rarely the two. Secondly - if you can get over the first point, you will have stumbled upon a brilliant and rather beautiful shop come cafe that serves some wonderful food in a pleasent environemnt and relaxed atmosphere. Thirdly - if you can bring yourself to leave (difficult!), dont expect to have a small bill - I find this place very expensive for what it is.You have been warned.
4	Stumbled in to find a tasty strawberry tart and florentine biscuit. Yum!
2	We wanted to like this place.  Its in our neighbourhood, its not a chain, its a decent size (kind of, see below) and the desserts looked good.So on our first visit, I got a ham and cheese toasted pannini while Mary got the goat cheese salad.  The pannini was fine (it's pretty hard to mess up a ham and cheese toastie), but the goat cheese salad was like a salad from McDonalds.  Chopped iceberg lettuce, onion, tomato and cucumber with the scraggiest looking goat cheese round you can imagine plonked on top.  While the service for us was fine on our first visit, watching other peoples experience, the staff seemed to be either overwhelmed or just useless.  People would come in, sit down and then be ignored or they had to ask where their food was (remember, these are just sandwiches and toasties etc... nothing complicated).  Maybe we were lucky.The next time we attempted to visit we weren't so lucky.  We thought we would give it another chance and stop in and try their desserts and a cuppa.  On a Sunday afternoon, a few hours before closing time, the front room was full and there were two chairs partly blocking the back room.  On asking if we could sit back there, we were curtly told "Cut off, only these!", pointing to the tables in the front room.  Well, Madam Cliche, you're a perfect example why places like Costa and Cafe Nero (where we ended up) thrive.
3	Discovering a new place can be deceptive - the first time you've gone in, it's with a sense of expectation or mood that you're carrying.  So, for example, when I first came upon Patisserie Florentin, I was in a sad mood, and it's yellow walls, sunflowers, and wee back room with framed window facing onto a sun-filled walled garden was altogether a bit magical.If going back knowing what to expect, however, it's altogether a different story - you have a reference point for disappointments that occur again, like the one member of staff who is so lovely and polite and with such a lovely smile that the others seem sullen, not just curt, in comparison.  You notice that the service isn't great on your second visit and remember that last time, it took quite some time to get your order taken, and more time to get the bill.And you start to notice the other things that you either really do quite like - the pastries and bread in baskets on the wall and the overall French feel you do get from the cafe if not always from the food - and the things you aren't so keen on - the one or two members of staff who seem pre-occupied with anything but serving customers and the slightly-warmer-than-tepid coffee.Still, Florentin does have atmosphere - maybe that's something that you bring with you, but at least a little of the welcoming sunflowers also rubs off.
2	It looks soooooooooo pretty outside. Very Francais, very je ne sais quoi. Mais, qu'est qui s'passe?My best friend and I recently popped in here on a beautiful day in Stockbridge. We were very hungry, and the sight of Croque Monsieur from our half torn menu looked extremely entising. But.. when it arrived. What I saw, was not so Parisian, we got 1 whole see-through slice of ham. woopdidoo. The cheese wasn't very awesome either, especially when you can see I.J Mellis next door. They should start getting a bit of their cheese from there! I felt like I was eating a new style of cheese wiz. That thing had weird texture. Also, lets not get on the salad, it was a little bit disappointing with a few bits of iceburg lettuce. Patisserie Florentin has a lot going for it, the location is great, the seating outside is way cool. However, change your menu! You have so much potential!!
4	Ooh la la la, Patisserie Florentin! We stopped by here, craving tea and cake. Staff were friendly, giving us a warm welcome as we took our seats in the back of the cafe which was decorated with elegant red curtains and ornate paintings. It had that authentic chic Parisian cafe feel and was a great stop for a chai latte. (Always!) Sadly, it had to be my third choice of cake as they didn't have any carrot cake and were all out of almond croissants but I was eager to try an authentic french fraise. With layer upon layer of marzipan, fruit and cream (and a strawberry on top!) it was perfectly light and fluffy and generous in portion size. Mmm!It's worth noting that they welcome dogs (when we were in, there were LOTS!) so be prepared for that! I personally love it when business owners welcome dogs but have only been familiar with this in a bar or pub environment previously.Tea and cakes and dogs. C'est merveilleux!
5	Patisserie Florentin is a French themed cafe in the heart of Stockbridge. Light and bright on the inside, baskets of pastries tempt you as enter, the Danish pastries in particular look very fresh and inviting. A variety of seating both to the rear and the front of the cafe, flanking the counter that housed a tempting range of chocolate covered treats, lemon covered pastries and macaroons to name but a few. Lots of people came in as we sat, just to get cakes to takeaway, clearly a popular destination. The staff were enthusiastic and friendly, and the whole place had a great ambience, shame we live so far away. The hot chocolate and peppermint tea we ordered were flavoursome and refreshing, helping to melt away the stresses of the day and the Rice Krispies cake topped with milk chocolate was a tasty snack to share. The also offer more substantial lunch dishes on the menu like Croque Monsieur and Club Sandwiches, which we definitely try next time we visit.
