4	My sister and I planned on getting our noses pierced, and had originally planned on going to another shop because we heard Diversity wasn't that great. Turns out the other shop was closed, so we decided to check Diversity out anyways.The guy at the counter was really friendly and joked around with us a bit. They had a sale going on so the piercing plus the jewelry was only $25.00, which I thought was really cheap. After about a 10 minute wait our piercer called us in to a private room.There were three other people in there besides the piercer, who turned out to be apprentices. They were all really chill. Our piercer was Sarah Sin, and she was definitely easygoing and funny, and made us feel really comfortable. I was nervous so one of the apprentices, Dallas, came over and held my hand, which was pretty funny. The piercing was quick and easy, and Sarah placed it in the perfect spot on my nose. Then it was my sister's turn, and it was relatively easy for her as well. It was a great experience.Sarah Sin is an excellent piercer. I will go back to her if I ever decide to get anything else done.
1	Three days after I graduated from high school, I thought it was a great idea to get pierced. I had just got to Vegas for my annual summer break at my dad's house, and with my new-found freedom I headed over to Diversity.As a young 18-year old, this was the only tattoo-piercing shop I knew of as it was right by the mall. I should've thought about it more, but I was just too anxious to get it done.I wanted to get pierced in a pretty private area of my body, so the piercer (who was rude, but I brushed it off because I was just so excited) led me to a private room inside which he said no one could see. As he was doing measuring with my top off, I was looking out onto the afternoon rush-hour of Decauter Blvd. Since it was a private room, I thought the windows worked like one-way mirrors.BOY, WAS I WRONG!!!! About a week later, I drove by the shop again and saw that you can see everything inside the windows!!! I was mortified, especially because I was remembering how I was looking down into an older woman's car as she was stopped right under the window during my piercing.Additionally, I had done some research on my piercing on the internet and I brought up some of the concerns I had. I asked about the suggestion of using barbells instead of rings because of the size of my body part of choice. The piercer brushed me it off and said it was not true.Nine months later, which by then I thought it should have healed, my piercings were pushing out! The piercer was WRONG.My worst fears for my piercings had come true.I ended up taking them out (after one completely pushed out) and having to get re-pierced a few years later. My new piercer said that I was right to begin with, and I should've walked out the first time when he didn't listen. He pierced me with barbells, and my piercings have been happy for the past six years.I could've been saved a lot of pain, suffering, and having to repierce scar tissue if the jerks at Diversity listened.... Or if I had listened to my common sense and left.
1	This place used to be great back in the heyday. Every time I would go on the hunt for gauges in the area (since I used to live relatively close to this location), they always seemed to be out on some sort of make or model of gauges I would want. I've also noticed a lot of their gauges don't come in pairs, and generally are missing or out of stock completely. If you're lucky enough to get a good pair that's discounter it could work to your benefit on saving money, but other than that this location has really fell in business and in service. What was a little aggravating is that the person I talked to in regards of spiral gauges didn't even know what a spiral gauge was or what they looked like. Really, now?I don't believe you should deserve to work at a tattoo shop if you have no idea what you are talking about or you fail to answer questions that are centered in your department.
5	Wish I knew the guys name at the counter that helped us out tonight....BUT, what an absolute sweet, cool guy!!! Followed all the Health laws regarding ID, yet wasn't a prick about it, just very, very cool! Josh has the BIGGEST "Kudo's" for being such a knowledeable piercer, while doing my daughter's nose piercing! Thanks, guys! You are the BEST! Will for sure go back to your shop!!!!
5	I'm a spur of the moment person, so after lunch, I decided to get my cartilage pierced.  I heard Diversity wasn't that great especially for tattoos, but I figured this is a piercing--should be pretty simple.So I did my papers, signed my name and they photocopied my ID, then I waited a few minutes for the piercer.He came out, introduced himself (Jesse) and off we went. He was very nice, very professional. He was also very attentive, because after he was done, I could feel myself getting hot and woozy. He said "I started to turn white, so I knew something was up." So he made sure to turn the fan on high and had me eat a lollipop for the sugar to bring me back to earth. Worked great and in a few minutes I felt good enough to get going.Jesse was a really nice, caring, attentive & knowledgeable guy. I'd definitely go back to him again! Thanks Jesse!
5	I went back again (in October) to get 2 more ear cartilage piercings done, and yay for me, Jesse was there again. (And I remembered to breathe this time!!!)  He even recognized me from the last time and again, was such a great guy to work with, Super nice, super knowledgeable! If you're near Decatur, and want a piercing, go see Jesse. He's there Wednesday-Saturdays.If I get the guts, I'll go in for one final round!
5	Wanted to get my nose pierced out of the blue. Came in and the girl (I forgot her name) was really kind. She explained everything to me, told me my options with the jewelry. I thought everything was really affordable. 25 for a nose ring! I was skeptical going because the reviews weren't so great, but thought hell I might as well. I absolutely don't regret it. Sarah was my piercer. She is great! Calmed me down because I was baby and answered any questions I had. Super chill girl. I have no idea about tattoos here but if you are looking to get a piercing. This is the place to go!
1	just wanted to thank the deathly ill, weazing sneazing coughing (uncovered) young woman who works at the decatur store for giving me the worst case of the flu I've ever had.  Imagine getting a tatt here with all these germs floating around.
1	If you're looking for a tattoo PLEASE stay away from this shop... Or simply check out their "portfolios". Places like this should not be running. Claim yourself as a piercing SMOKE shop as all you have are bongs.. No art work no sign of being a tattoo studio. No one here should be allowed to tattoo.
5	Pierced my 6-month daughter's ear.  Did an amazing job, great manners, wonderful attitude.  Would recommend for piercings 10/10!
2	For my birthday i decided to get my industrial piercing in my left ear. So i went to the shop and they quoted me a price that was a little expensive but i was excited so i got it anyways. During the piercing, i passed out (no idea why). The piercing wasn't painful or anything. Also note that the passing out had nothing to do with the shop. But anyways after we finished, i was a little light headed so i asked to sit down an 3 minutes later he said they were closing and i had to leave. Mind you that this was 5pm on a Friday. They close at like 2am. I was being generous and gave them two stars because the piercing came out fine.
5	Nice Staff...Nice Tatt. Thanks guys for making my last one a good one.
