5	We stumbled on this little tiny place on Rue de Bleury. It is always packed, probably because the ingredients for their crepes are so fresh and plentiful. I went there twice during my visit and ordered the fruitalicious. It was topped with a very generous portion of fruit and the crepe was delicious.
4	Second Jeanie C. opinions on Crepes 2 Go.  The ingredients are fresh, plentiful, and delicious.  The Chicken Crepes is so fresh and delicious.  The Blueberry Crepres use a special kind of blueberries.  They are tiny and sweet!  The old chef/owner explains that regular blueberries sometimes taste sweet or sour.  Those tiny blueberries constantly taste sweet.  They are specially for cooking purpose!  My son can't finish the Fruitalicious because of its generous portion.  The only disadvantage is its tiny space.  Wait, it's a take-out restaurant!
5	Probably the best find in downtown Montreal during my recent trip.  A very small and quant spot with not a lot of seating but it is a great spot to people watch from the window.Crepes are perhaps the best way to start a day during a vacation.  My girlfriend and I ate here three times during our trip.  We tried the blueberries and honey crepe, the spinach, egg, cheese and ham crepe, the pear crepe, and the strawberry/nutella crepe.  Every crepe had fresh fruit put on it. DeliciousThe business is maintained by two people everyday we walked in and it was the same crew everyday.  I would highly recommend going to this creperie.  It is a local establishment and I will always support these types of businesses over the corporate businesses.  This will definitely be a place that I will miss.  Merci!
5	Great food!
5	Montreal's best kept secret.Go for one of the fruit crepes, some of them with a generous serving of Nutella, you won't be disappointed.There are other options like omelettes, paninis, as well.It's a family business not some chain...
5	This place is small and has local flavor; a must try when in Montreal.  We visited it this past weekend, after finding it through Yelp, and ended up eating there every morning for the length of our stay.  They serve delicious crepes; I recommend getting the "starter" ( eggs, ham, and cheese) along with the jam crepes.  My travel companions enjoyed the strawberry, banana, and Nutella combination, but they are two sweet for me. To sum it up; excellent food, fresh, and an off the beaten path feel.
5	Small place but friendly cheap tasty and fast!  Sat on the barstool by the window with my gf and we were enjoying our time there.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a decent breakfast
5	What a great find. Tiny shop where you watch the crepes being made. We had the strawberry banana chocolate, the chocolate, and the banana blueberry. Soo good. We may even go back tomorrow, these were so tasty.
5	I used to live next to here and never would have thought they would make good crepes here because of how the place is situated. It's on the bottom of a building at the corner of sherbrooke and parc. You can see the place from the outside, but to look further in, you would need to crouch. When my friend visited me, she wanted Crepe and dragged me here..Then we kept coming every morning for 3 days straight. This has to be the best crepe I've had! From the ingredients the the entertainment of watching it being made. Every aspect of this place is great! Their portion sizes are pretty decent well. It was hard to sit. But it seemed more like a takeout place anyways. Regardless, these are some seriously good crepes.
5	Delicious crepes! I had the Nutella, strawberry and banana crepe to go. The shop is small, so you can watch them make the crepes, which I liked. They are fast, friendly and worth stopping by.
4	Quaint little shop halfway under ground, colorful inside. Only two workers when we went. Lots of options, both sweet and savory. My husband got the thyme and sesame seed crepe, which was amazing. I got the spinach and egg crepe. It was quite boring, but the original had cheese on it and I had them hold the cheese, so that's my fault. I'd definitely like to come back for a sweet crepe or perhaps a thyme crepe all for myself :-)
