4	This unique shop carries a nice variety teas, spices, bbq rubs, specialty salts and sugars! They are sold in 1 or 2oz bags and vary in prices.The store section for the spices dominates the store. They do have a nice selection of teas and fun accessories for them.The teas are towards the back right corner. There are jars next to each of the spices and teas so you can get an idea of what they are. Prices vary.  So far I paid $2.40 for a 1oz bag of curry powder. Loose leaf tea prices are cheaper than what I pay at the speciality tea store. The staff is helpful and friendly.  I picked up Madras Curry Powder, Black Sesame seeds, natural cocoa powder, toasted coconut sugar, and two different teas on my first visit here. Can't wait to try them!
5	Thank heaven for Shirley B.!  I learned about Sheffield from her, and immediately planned to visit before the store closed today.  I zoomed over there at 6:40, with 20 minutes to spare.  I met the Sheffields who own this one and only shop.  Personally, I always felt Vegas was missing a Spice shop (well, and a tea shop after Two Sisters closed) and have been ordering my spices online from the Spice and Tea Exchange, which is a national chain that I discovered in Portland.  I order my tea from many places online so if you want to talk tea, that is another long discussion with me!As for this place, it was exactly what I have been looking for - the Sheffields told me they get spices, salts, and sugars from the same distributor as S&T (though some of the rubs and other blends are different).  This store also has flavored and varietal olive oils.  Upon entering, I was offered a sample of strawberry green tea brewed and iced, which was refreshing.  There are many nice teas here, including matcha, genmaicha, and green jasmine.  The store carries several flavored teas as well.There are tea accessories, saltkeepers, spice jars, bamboo cutting boards and other related items.  Over 200 spices are available here.  Because I have an enormous spice collection as it is and no extra room, I only got powdered lemon peel, roasted garlic chips, and Jamaican jerk blend tonight.  However, when I need something, I will definitely be back here instead of paying shipping online!  I did ask if the store has truffle salt, which it does not.  The Sheffields seem open to special orders if there is enough interest, so if I do run out I will ask for it, but for now I am truffly good.  I am really curious about the habanero sugar.  Who wants to try it first?
5	Found this place randomly. LOVE it! Very nice selection of yummy products!
5	Love this place. Really nice inside, hard to believe its in a strip mall. Awesome selection of Teas that you can't anywhere in Vegas. Has some awesome accessories and even Tea cozies! They have all sorts of great stuff. At surprisingly reasonable prices.They have a great selection of olive oils and vinegars. I didn't have time to fully go through everything but they had stuff I've never seen and I'm a major foodie. All sorts of gadgets. If you are heading to Freeds or around there, stop in! PS-thanks to the awesome sales lady who dealt with my mom today in such a gracious way!
5	I was SO HAPPY to stumble across this place today.  It is a beautiful store with a massive supply of spices.  Tea isn't really my thing, so I was more interested in the spices, oils and vinegars.  They also have specialty salts and sugars.  The spices are extremely affordable.  In fact, they are less expensive than in a grocery store.  The woman that helped me was the owner, which is always nice to see.  Vegas is sorely in need of places with personality, and this place has it.  I'll be back!
5	I discovered this place as I walking around the shops.  Pleasant surprise.  Owners are very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  Prices are really good and quality of spices are excellent.  For any chef, whether budding or serious expert, this is a great place to get top quality spices, teas, olive oils and vinegars in Vegas.  I look forward to going back to get more spices for my spice rack!
5	As someone who is hardcore into their teas. I found this place to be excellent for what I seek. The variety is good and the spices are a nice bonus. Its very nice to see a tea store run by common folks. The free sample sealed the deal. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
4	I'm not a huge fan of tea, but this place has made me want to be! They have quite a tea selection and, for those people who are curious what some of their teas taste like, they have some samples (yay!). However, what caught my eye (more my boyfriend's) was the spices.  Holy Mackerel their spices.  It isn't the cheapest for it's quantity (jewelry-sized bags for anywhere from $3-$5, I think), but it has by far the biggest variety I've seen - butter powder, fenugreek powder, assortments of curries, different meat rubs - wow! They also carry those essentials for the kitchen i.e. salt and pepper mill, salt spoons, cook books, cooking utensils.  This place would e a great stop for presents! Last, but certainly not least, the saleslady.  Very hospitable and knowledgeable sales lady!
5	Found this little gem nestled between Michael's and PetsMart on Eastern. It is clean, inviting, locally owned by and staffed by a charming couple that know their stuff. At last, a place to find the odd spice I need...plus, the prices were amazing. My 8 year old daughter and I sampled a trio of teas on display and purchased two herbal blends and a tea ball. I'll definitely be headed back soon for stocking stuffers and gifts. This shop would make an excellent midpoint in a day of marathon shopping. The heady aromas of spices and fruity teas, the bountiful array of tempting products, and the open floor plan make for a calming, restorative experience.
5	Just went out here today, from the west side of Vegas.  Walking to the door with a friend, we could both smell the spices, and the silly grin on our faces.  As someone who spent 10+ years in Texas, I can handle some heat, and they were working on packaging some Jalapeno powder, and I could smell it!  It was fantastic.  Samples for everything for scent were available, an excellent tasting table for their immense olive oil selections.Walked out with three big bags of mixed spices, things I needed, and a pink Himalayan salt round.  I'll be back in the coming weeks, I know that much for sure!
5	I love drinking beautifully blended teas!  Night of the Iguana Chocolate Chai & Creme Au Caramel Rooibos are splendid to attack your chocolate and sweet cravings. We have moved away, but we shall return.  This shop is a cozy place to shop and sample  goodies.
5	I love this place! A great selection of yummy teas (my favorite). They have a wide range of spices, that I am just learning to use. Also, a great place for flavored olive oils and related gifts. A friendly & knowledgeable staff for beginners like me. all around a great place!
5	Outstanding selection of teas. Easily the best tea shop - if not the only one, really - on this side of town, and can definitely compete with some of the stalwarts in Chinatown.
4	Hidden in the huge Target shopping center on Eastern, you really can easily miss Sheffield if you are, like me, only attracted to the beautiful big signs of name-brand stores.  But if you look closely into what Sheffield has to offer, you wonder why you have never been to Sheffield before!They have plenty of spices and spice rubs to choose from.  I have been looking for food-grade lavender to bake cookies with.  Without any success at the farmers' markets in southern California, I was pleasantly surprised to see them at Sheffield.  As far as spices and tea go, I think Sheffield's products are reasonably priced.  If this exact store was on any of the Strip's properties, you would easily see the prices triple!  All in all, I am glad to find this little shop and to find it here close to home!
5	This place is next to Michael's. Amazing selection of teas and spices. Go check this place out for hard to find fresh spices and small batch teas from all over the world. Go support this small business. Lady who helped me was very nice and filled with knowledge.
5	This is a tea lovers dream. I am a huge tea girl who was thrilled to find this place. The lovely woman who assisted me was knowledgeable and friendly. There is an excellent selection and it smells great in there! I bought all sorts of cool tea accessories as well. This is a must visit shop for those who drink good tea.
3	I've had this place bookmarked for awhile because I wanted to try out a tea place up here in Vegas. When I was in the area for another store, I saw Sheffield Spice & Tea Co by happenstance and decided to also go in. It's near the PetSmart and Michael's on Eastern.As soon as you open the door, the super heavy smell of spices hit you. Not exactly a warm welcome for me. I kind of wanted to immediately turn around and head back out, but I was determined to check out the place. I was greeted by the lady at the counter and she came out to explain to me about the spices and the tea sections. I thanked her and browsed.There are tea samples towards the back, both hot and cold, and there definitely more selections of spices than there are of tea, which is what I wanted. None of the teas here looked or smelled that appetizing, but I did purchase the Kirkoswald Estate Dimbula loose leaf black tea because it was a sample hot tea and I liked the flavor when I tried it.I probably won't be back here though to make another purchase. Judging from other Yelp reviews, people love this place, but for me, the store and I didn't resonate together.
5	Love everything in here! Customer service, spices, teas....and I'm glad I found this place...we found this place....I'm always gonna go here!
5	There is always something new to try with the Sheffield's.  If its spices, they have it, and its fresh! The loose leaf tea's are fragrant, and make for a great cup. I can personally vouch for a nice handful of teas, and have only scratched the surface of their options.  Black Cardamom, Scottish Carmel Pu-erh, and one of my now favorite Root Beer Rooibos teas to name a few. During my last visit I came in for some tea, and ended up leaving with some Habanero Salt, which was a real treat.  If you walk in, be prepared to leave with something. So much tea so little time....The Sheffield's are also very knowledgeable about the sacred leaf, so asking questions will net the visitor with some great information. It is great to go to a place where I can get a great product, and learn about it too. The breakdown. Nice and clean with a fine selection of both teas and spice blends, flavored vinegars and oils, quality merchandise, topped off with friendly family management. Keep it coming!
5	I stopped by randomly when I noticed them next to the gym by my house. I guess I h a different never seen th Em because I try and avoid gnc, but walking in I was pleasantly surprised by r the atmosphere of the shop, and the owner was able to tell me everything about her spice shop, the origins of their products, and what would best suit my desires of tea choice. I'll definetely return!
5	I love everything about this store.  Not only is the staff (I assume it's the owners?) wonderful and kind, but the products are excellent.  My husband and I go frequently to stock up on our olive oils, balsamics and spices.  Their teas are delicious as well.  I would recommend everyone checking this place out for some awesome rubs, teas, oil and vinegars as well as inexpensive kitchen tools!!!
5	Loved this place! I am a sucker for spice shops and had never seen one in Vegas. Little did I know this place has been here for a year (next week)!! Talk about a smack in the face; how did I miss this!? Best customer service and amazing selection. I just went in to look around, but left with 2 bags of Earl Grey Tea, my latest obsession. Will be back, for sure.
5	Great place with a wide variety of choices of spices, teas, and olive oils. The owners are very friendly and helpful and really have a passion for what they do, which is plain to see as soon as you meet them. The bar was set high for me with penzeys and savory spice shop in Denver, and this place didn't disappoint. I will say that Whenever I go to places like this, I for some reason think that I need a 2 lb bag of Kansas City style rib rub because it just smells so good, forgetting that I make ribs about 0.6 times per year. So exercise moderation, but definitely stop in and try sheffields.Ps: Try Lapsang Souchong. Smokey, earthy, potent. It's like the tea version of whiskey.
5	Amazing. Was doing some preWedding prep with my folks, when we stopped in this store to check out the teas. I realized that I still needed favors, and that as the fellow and I love to cook, a personalized spice would be a cool gift for our guests. The owner gal worked with our tight budget and ridiculous schedule and got me the sweetest personalized favors a girl could ask for, lightning quick. But aside from that out of this world customer service, the selection of goods at this store is top notch. I found a bunch of loose leaf teas I've been eyeing to try for a minute, and the pricing is extremely reasonable. Being that it isn't tea weather yet, it may be a bit before I make the trek back to pick some up, but it's nice to know that such a great little shop exists. What will likely bring me back sooner is the spices. I love to cook, and hate when I have to scour several stores for that one weird spice that it seems all my recipes end up needing. And always a different weird spice than before! Plus, you spend the huge amount for the jar of spice for one recipe and then you have to find ways to use it before it loses its potency. Here, I know I can probably find anything I need, in quantities I can reasonably use. As a final note the spice I chose for our favors, Tuscany Seasoning, is delicious! We actually added it to a chili and it brightened it up while adding a nice complexity to the "hot spice" portion of the flavor profile. It's one of our best chili's yet, and I'll definitely need to pick up more.
5	Amazing selection of tea and spices. I love the store and all it has to offer. The owner is super nice and extremely helpful. I love coming here and would recommend it to anyone.
5	PERFECT LITTLE SHOP! A wonderful treasure in the outskirts of LV! Absolutely the most wonderful teas and spices and most friendly customer service  I've had. A wide variety of infuser's, cute little teapots and matching tea cups. A whole assortment of beautiful things to make it most delicate tea party. & Scrumptious. Also they have an assortment of different flavors of olive oil and vinegar. Can't wait to try on my new little items. Just love this little shop were you can find things you won't find most places! Also added to my collection of Blue Willow! I don't live around here but I will be calling to order more items in the near future! Yay!!!!
5	Super cute little place selling lots of different loose specialty teas and a TON of spices. I was in specifically for the tea, so I didn't browse all the spices. They had 3 teas out for sample, and the lady working was very friendly, helping me find a tea I would enjoy. Prices are higher than the grocery store, but you have a much better selection. I'll definitely be back for tea and whenever I need some specialty spices.
5	Great place... excellent selection of Tea, Spices, Oils, and other goodies.  Its been tough to find a good basalmic place in town and they allow you to sample their products.  I tried a few others and I haven't found flavors that were close to what I was looking for.  Tea selection is great.  Its like wine though... hard to know what you will like.  They have 3 teas to sample and they are very helpful.  Its nice that you can buy a small package and try a few to see if it fits your taste.  I'm a huge fan of tea and although I liked the almond Oolong, I'm not completely sold on it yet.  I'm still on a mission for a great tea of theirs. (Btw, True Foods and the coconut Oolong form Rishi are my favorites)I only wish that they were Organic... esp for the Oils.  I didn't have much time, but if you love cooking they have small packages of spices.  Its great that you can buy a little and see if you like it first.Great store... definitely worth your time.
5	This locally owned place has quite the selection in what they have to offer...loose tea,spices, oils. Even have vanilla beans! They seem to take pride in their store and love what they sell. I got a good spice for chicken last time I was in. Defiantly check it out!
5	Tea heaven! Bought a Chocolate mint tea and a white tea (Red Fruit). Delicious! Got some meat rubs and lavender buds. Definitely coming back.
4	I've had this bookmarked for a long time and haven't been able to go out this way. While trekking with David S. he makes the suggestion to stop in this shop as we were just next door. There is a lack of a local business that stocks spices, oils, sauces and teas and this place has all the above and fills that need. I browsed all the types of spices and teas and smelled a few of the sample jars. I also tried a few of the brewed tea samples out. They also let you sample the oils and balsamic which is awesome since sometimes you are just looking for a particular flavor profile.I ended up buying some keffir lime leaves as I've had trouble finding it locally. It was in pieces than whole, but it'll be really nice for herbal salads. I also got two teas: Bourbon Street Rooibos which just had a nice sweet and nutty aroma and Honeybush African which had a bright and spice aroma and I rarely see honeybush teas. It's similar to rooibos, but slightly naturally sweet and really lovely if you want something caffeine free. I wanted to browse a bit more, but didn't want to keep her as we slipped in near closing. It gives me reason to come back and bring the fiance as he would love this place.So far I'm pleased with what I got here and the prices are very fair. The keffir leaves were $2 and some change and both teas were $5 for 2 oz bags. I haven't used everything yet, but the honeybush tea was lovely as I've unfortunately come down with a wicked cold.To top it off, if you make a purchase over $5 you get to pick a free sample! I got a little bag of Irish Breakfast tea to try. Little things like that make me excited as it's another thing to try. I'm really excited to come back to this place. Now that were approaching fall, it's time for me to stock up on teas again. It's on the opposite end of town from me, but this is the type of specialty store that is worth the trek.
4	After so many times of coming into this plaza, I finally made a stop at Sheffield and I could not be more happy about what I found. Browsing around the store, I saw so many spices and blends that I need for my kitchen. What really caught my eye was the selection of tea.With fall and winter coming around, I am ready for a nice warm beverage. Tea being my preferred mode of "caffeination" had me scanning and limiting my choices to two per visit. The vast array of green teas could have me busy for some time alone. My friend and I came in close to closing, so we tried to be courteous and not take too long to look. Next time I will need to spend some time to look at all the infused oils and balsamic vinegars. It was really sweet how they give free samples of their product with a purchase above $5.
5	My personal obsession with all things tea has waxed and waned over the past few years. Visiting Sheffields Spice and Tea shop has it back with an utter -vengeance-! They not only have fantastic teas, accessories and flavorful spices of all types, the owners are so knowledgable and kind. They are very proud of their business, and they should be!  Go go go, and make your life flavorful!
5	Just by accident, I found this place. I went in to take a look around, I was greeted by a young salesperson and she was very friendly. I'm not the cook in my family, that job belongs to my husband, but I love tea! This place is full of spices and teas and all things related. She gave me a little intoduction to the store layout and offerd me a tea sample, they had three to try, two hot and one iced. I tried only one black tea with hazelnut, it was very good!There are plenty of teas, each split into categories. Each blend has a jar to allow for auromatic enjoyment. I selected three tea chioces and signed up for their email notifications to keep abreast of new arrivials. A truely fun shop, for me, a person who thoroughly enjoys tea, will bookmark this place and recommend it for those that feel as passionate about teas as I.
5	Was looking to take my tea drinking to the next level and found this place. Probably the biggest selection of teas and spices I've ever seen, all at great prices. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff and daily samples of tea. I will definitely be back to try more of their extensive tea line and spices.
5	The Skinny: great place to find tea or spices with very reasonable prices (5).FYI - As I am writing this review, I am enjoying a large mug of Formosa peach oolong blend. Delicious!It was Small Business Saturday Amex promotion last weekend and we were looking for establishments to drop some dough. I was happy to find Sheffield's through the Amex website. So we headed over to Henderson to take a peek.This store is tucked away in a little strip mall. It is kind of hard to find but it is close to the Lane Bryant part.I was floored by the variety and breadth of their tea offerings. They have 140 types of teas that range from your typical flavors - English Breakfast, Earl Grey (what I think of as Western Style) to your more exotic (aka more expensive) Silver Needle, Dragon Well, Matcha (Eastern style). They also have your more unconventional fruit flavored teas as well as the herbal blends (peppermint, german chamomile).There are small glass jars filled with a small amount of tea so you can smell their product without opening up the bags. I got a massive bag of peppermint tea and medium sized formosa peach oolong (Taiwanese) for about $5-6 each. The hubs got a bag of Japanese styled genmaicha and an unusual roasted Japanese tea for similar prices as well. We also got two free samples of their island strawberry green tea in the mix. Cool, huh? Preparation method is clearly written on the labels of each of their bags of loose leaf teas.Also, they have a wonderful spice selection which is actually largely than their tea offerings. I am not talking about paprika - I'm talking like a few different kinds of paprika each to select from. It is almost overwhelming. Not to mention stuff like bourbon vanilla bean paste (how luxurious can you get as a baker?), this place is heavenly for those who like to cook/bake. Considering their stock, prices are quite reasonable.They also have some oils and vinegars however their selection for this is rather limited compared to their spices/teas.I can't wait to come back to this hidden gem in Henderson! I highly recommend this place.
5	What an great find! Great selection of spices but most importantly they had tea. I was in the right place. They have a wide varieties of tea including green and herbal. If your a tea addict like myself you can defiantly find a tea to suit you. They have tea samples that even my husband liked. If your looking for balsamic they have a good selection as well. Friendly owners and very knowledgeable. One place I will return to.
4	The place smells GREAT. I came here for a secret Santa gift and wasn't disappointed. There is a variety of teas here (I liked the herbal strawberry). The prices were fair and I appreciated the extra care the lady put into wrapping my gifts. Ill start shopping here instead of Teavana ;]
