2	Dear Cashier at Barnes and Noble:It's a necessary evil to buy one's books for convenience at the Walmart of booksellers because, quite simply, neighborhood bookstores no longer exist in neighborhoods.So please spare me the attitude when I do not wish to provide my e-mail address and phone number to you upon checkout.  It is not a critical part of your transaction, and I'm sure you can tab right on through to the total screen, lady.I realize you have quotas to make, but you treated me as a checkmark on your tally sheet, not even like a customer to up-sell to.  When I was hesitant to provide personal information you didn't need, your huffy attitude permeated the remainder of the transaction.  Instead of making conversation about why I chose my book, or recommending another selection or another author, you tossed my book in a bag with a snide remark about how I clearly had somewhere I needed to be.  The only place I needed to be was away from your bad attitude.Sigh. I will give you the extra star for having the book I desperately wanted at the moment I had to have it in stock, instead of having to order it online and wait.  I suppose this is my punishment for impatience.However, I want you to be aware that you transformed what could have been a positive experience, and even a way to build future business, into my feeling totally uncomfortable in your store, and being pretty unwilling to physically return in the future.  I guess I'll have to shop online just to avoid the discomfort of being treated badly when I don't wish to give personal information at the cash register.
3	I do enjoy going to Barnes and Noble, but they do need to enforce a rule. NO Talking ON Phones Inside. Nothing is more annoying then trying to read quietly and you have someone near you talking loud enough for everyone to know their personal business. It is nice though that you can purchase Starbucks items inside. I don't care however to pay 3 dollars for a cupcake. For that price there better be some milk included with that. I don't understand how they can charge almost 7 dollars for sandwiches either. I didn't know hot pockets could cost so much.
2	They close earlier than most large book retailers, 10pm ... Major bummer for those who like to hit up a bookstore late at night instead if the club! Lol. It seems I usually can't find what I want at this particular location. It's in my area or I'd probably pass on it altogether. This review is location specific. I do love bookstores in general...
3	There's something fun about walking around a room full of books and I love a good audio book for my daily commute. However, what gets me in here is the wifi. Not the cleanest system for wifi, but its free. When I want to use wifi I'm grateful for the wifi.  I'd be happier if it didn't keep booting me out. That criticism in mind, I'm going to have to go 3 stars, even though I love this place and have spent countless hours here and bought a good number of audio books.
2	Bookstores are so changed.....used to be books, now its only 50% that, 25% kids toys, 20% book products, and 10% music.   Cultural shift!  Once again I get the B&N club membership pushed on me again: since I only go once at Christmas its not worth it.  Prefer small businesses.
3	I really like Barnes and Noble especially now that Borders is closed.I prefer the one at San Tan village - being that it is 2 stories and more books.This one is good, but not great. Normally I have to interrupt staff talking to get help to look for something...
3	Your typical big chain book store.  Cute desk accessories.
4	Who doesn't love a bookstore? The smell... the music... I've adopted this location since my beloved Borders closed. The staff is very friendly so it's been an easy transition.
4	As an overall fan of B&N everywhere, I must say this one is very nice.  Great coffee and goodies to compliment a book lovers atmosphere.
5	Bought a Nook HD+ today (3/4/13)! Thanks to my friend/sista who wanted to treat me to an early birthday gift!This is my first tablet purchase. And my experience was AWESOME! The Nook rep came over after I took my time browsing the area for a while. I inundated her with all kinds of tech-y questions as well as price comparisons vs. value of other tablet brands. The gal knew her stuff! Oh gosh... What was her name?... Where's the receipt... I'll be "write" back...... Thirteen days later ...Oh this is just ridiculous. It shouldn't take this long to finish a review. But I couldn't find my receipt! Man, I wish I could remember her name. She was a real nice and helpful lady. Go see her when you are ready to by a Nook... whatever her name is...Oh and the experience got better! The checkout was the smoothest and quickest I ever remember experiencing at B&N! I let the sales lady know that too. I left a happy customer.I got nothin' else to say.
4	This is the place where my husband and I get drinks, peruse books, and play games.  It may not be funky or trendy, but it is open regularly (even on Sunday when I grade papers).  The people who work there are really nice.  If they don't have a book, they will offer to order it, and they have a pretty darn good game selection for a big bookstore.  I even got Pandemic there!  I find it enjoyable to see how many teachers I see!
5	I read with interest the comments on the locking up of power outlets in the cafe.  In fairness to Barnes & Noble, those people depending on the outlets also abused the privilege.  They would sometimes take up two tables to lay out all their paperwork, and were occasionally rude enough to bring drinks in from outside sources.As a long-time customer, I'm pleased to see the outlets locked--and yes, I do use their wi-fi on my devices.  I think though that I can charge the devices at home, and if I need more than the one charge, I've outstayed my welcome.The store is nicely laid out, and the staff is competent and friendly.
4	This is one of the few bookstores that I still have within 10 minutes of where I live.  It appears as though most others have closed shop and gone out of business.This is a rather nice bookstore located inside Dana Park.
3	I've been a customer here for years now and this place has a wide selection of books and magazines.I always end up here when my friends bail on our plans to hangout or when my ol lady is looking for vengeance.They do have most of the books and mags I'm looking for so that's always a plus.I enjoy hanging out at the cafe and chugging down a coffee while I'm reading up on my latest obsession.The customer service can be alot better but I think i can get by with what little "Attitude fueled Judgmental Toned Customer Service" that they provide.As for the music and dvd section?? don't waste your time unless you like to overpay for things you can find at the wally wally wally world 1 mile east..
1	For the first time in my life I was actually left speechless at how poor the customer service was at a business. For those who don't know, this Barnes and Noble is in a shopping center with several other shops, including an AJ's grocery store. My brother and I got some coffee and scones from AJ's while our mom was shopping at some of the other shops in the center. We got a text saying to meet her at Barnes and Noble while she was looking for a book. So we were sitting at one of the tables near the entrance, drinking coffee and eating scones quietly while she shopped. There was another gentleman at the table behind us with a grocery bag and a large iced tea from AJ's. All of a sudden, a woman walked up to the guy behind us and said:"Excuse me sir, and you two guys can listen to this as well (referring to my brother and me): We sell drinks and snacks at our cafe. Please don't come in here with your outside food and beverages. This is our business. Thank you."This was all said in a sarcastic, condescending, overly polite tone. The guy behind us started chuckling as his wife approached the table. She had just purchased a few items. I told the guy, "I guess your business isn't good enough. Should have spent an extra $2 on an iced tea here!" We all had a good laugh. We met up with our mom, who couldn't find what she was looking for, and went home to order the book on Amazon.
5	Having a great time with the DC Comics weekend!  Staff in costume, freebie giveaways!  Yeah!
3	Hopefully this is not a duplicate. I searched as many ways as possible. My memory has me srting to shop this location in 2007?  My impression was it was a better store. Yes I purchased many books and some magazines here but it was probably more because I was constantky driving by on Baseline Rd. I have never care for the employees. It was much neater than a local Barnes & Noble but also has far less floor traffic. Places seem to rearrange the stores with no benefit to customers. The last six visits I haven't made a purchase. As time passes they offer less reasons to purchase. Booksellers with some exceptions are less and less attractive.
5	Lots of fun shopping here. Great location. Very friendly.  Easy to find.  Found what I was looking for.
5	This is one of my favorite locations ever, I love coming here to study, the drinks are good too, and the gift shop is the cutest.
