5	Pasta Nuovo is fantastic! We received great service at the bar and the food was really yummy! The calamari was outstanding!!
4	Nuovo to hit the scene (badum, bum.... I'll be here all week) Pasta Nuvo has some super solid things going for it. First off, the space is warm, inviting, relaxing and expansive. Expansive?Whatever do you Corey D?It's open, sweeping, and what an Italian landscape would look like if it were plucked from overseas and dropped in America's Dairlyland. The service is spot on and the patio is lovely for afternoon vino and some nosh with friends.
5	I've visited Pasta Nuovo twice in the past week for weekday lunches. Both times, the service was friendly, enthusiastic, and very fast. And the pasta--THE PASTA!--was some of the best I've ever had. Both visits, I ordered the superb pasta primavera, which came with a varying mix of very fresh, flawlessly cooked vegetables (crispy, with just the lightest glaze of butter, oil, and garlic). The first time, my pasta was piled with zucchini, asparagus, and tomatoes. The second time, it was sugar snap peas, asparagus, tomatoes, and watermelon radishes. Stunning! The pasta itself, a very wide papardelle (could almost be considered a lasagna noodle), was cooked perfectly al dente. I can't wait to go back--maybe tonight--and maybe I'll dare try a different exceptional dish next time!
5	I looove trying new restaurants, and was so happy to try out this one this weekend. Two words: AMAZING pizza! Will definitely be back to try all of them. Love the atmosphere and service, and especially love that everything is local and fresh. Highly recommended!
2	If the food isn't an A or A+, then everything else has to be great for us to invest in a return visit.  Unfortunately, in this case, neither end of the equation worked for us.  The food was probably a B, everything else was not.   We arrived as a foursome with reasonable expectations, and high hopes that this restaurant would be a winner - good concept, great neighborhood, and a chef/owner who clearly has a passion for food.   As our chef son-in-law has told us, academic or corporate venue chefs really don't "get" commercial/retail and this is a classic example.   Cases in point: (1) One of the evening specials was lake perch, which one of our foursome ordered.   We found only after it was described, extoled, and ordered, that it was no longer available --- this was at 7 pm - pretty early to "run out" of the evening special.  Why did we learn that after it was ordered?  Well, perhaps because very few orders were available, and one was prepared for a staff tasting.   Looks like inventory planning needs some work. (2) Two of us decided to share a bottle of red wine, primarily because we knew we could take "leftovers" if need be.   As the bottle was opened, either the waiter broke the cork or the cork was bad.  In any case, the cork fell into the bottle and we were told we would get a new bottle.  (Of course we could - that's what any good restaurant would do.)  Oh my - we then found that the "manager was decanting a new bottle" - to make a long and annoying story short, it was clear that someone tried to save the corked bottle by straining it  -- no joy, there was till cork debris. (Why would anyone assume that it wasn't visible?)  And by the way, since it was "decanted" that meant we couldn't ask to take the remaining wine home.   (3) At no point during the previous two issues was there any apology, any appearance by a manager to find out what they could do to ensure customer satisfaction.  We were presented with the bill, which we paid - and still no manager appeared to ask if we were pleased with the experience.   Once again, unless the food is so exceptional that any customer service lapse can be overlooked, a new business needs to watch every single detail of the customer experience.   With B or B+ food, this becomes even more critical.  We decided as group to give this new business a couple of months, then revisit in hope that management has customer experience figured out.
4	Was pleasantly surprised by our first dining experience at Past Nuovo.  First off it was still open at 8:20 p.m. on a Sunday in Middleton (open until 9 p.m.).  We started with an arugula salad with heirloom grape tomatoes.  The tomatoes were delicious and the arugla and light dressing were fresh and interesting.  We split a "white" flatbread with olive oil, garlic and corn.  The flatbread was chewey and tasty, but next time we will likely try a flatbread with more ingredients.  We also split a short rib ravioli served in a broth reduction sauce.  The portion was small (3 round pieces), but the taste was definitely there.  Nice wines by the glass.  We wanted to try a desert but they were sold out of the ones that interested us.  Many menu items feature local and/or organically grown ingredients and everything we had was made from scrtach.  We will be back and hope it does well.
3	Meh, the service was fine, the ambiance is there, the girl across from me was pretty, but the food is truly mediocre. I had the fig prosciutto flat bread pizza and I had difficulty finding any prosciutto. Not seasoned very well, my pizza supposedly fired in a wood fired oven had no hint of smokiness and sauce was almost nonexistent. This restaurant will not last if they can't bring BIG flavors to the table. Three stars for ambiance and service only.
4	Liked tutto pasta when it was around, so was excited to see what the new place would be like. Did not disappoint. Food was very good, the caprese with the little mozzarella balls is actually a fun way to eat it. I had the pappardelle bolognese and it was delicious. Could have used a little bit more meat in the sauce, but overall solid. Service was awesome, our waiter made sure to explain all about the menu and the sources of all the food. Hope this place does well
2	Having read the previous reviews, I was looking forward to my first meal at Pasta Nuovo with my wife and friends joining me. A Saturday evening, not very crowded, friendly service from the host station to the bartender and waitress. The lights were so bright it was more like a high school gymnasium than an Italian Restaurant. The wine list had some good options but very few selections in the middle range. We started with calamari and carpaccio. The calamari was tough with a crispy batter completely devoid of flavor. Nothing special about the bread either. I ordered the cioppino. My wife and her friend ordered shrimp and angel hair pasta. Not only was the pasta not done al dente, they both commented on how absolutely flavorless it was. My cioppino was a bitter disappointment and among the worst I have ever had. Our other guest ordered the meatballs and spaghetti which he labelled as extraordinarily mediocre. It was as if the chief had never experienced authentic Italian cooking. We wanted to love it but would have been more satisfied with Olive Garden. Too bad!
5	Great food!  The shrimp scampi was so good, not swimming in butter.  You could taste the favors of the food, the shrimp were large and very flavorful!  The service was great, very friendly and fast.  Great atmosphere!
5	Bruschetta was amazing!  Finest ingredients. Lovely setting and the kindest service. This is a gem, AND it is organic. Remarkable first visit.
4	YUMMMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!!!!I was looking for an Italian restaurant that would be great for myself, my husband, his work friend and my 8 month old. This place did not disappoint.The ambiance and landscape is gorgeous!The bruschetta and ravioli were amazing!Definitely a great choice to go for a working dinner or romantic date.
2	Unimaginative menu & cooking.  The service was inept.  Not a good place for a relaxing dinner, we were rushed even though the place was empty and not close to their closing time.
4	We arrived after an afternoon Badger game.  Place was packed and there was a 30 minute wait.  We moseyed up to the bar.  Drink special was a pomegranate lychee martini. Only $6 during Sat. prime time!  Bartender was great!  He made the fresh pressed pomegranate juice that morning.  Also found out he makes his own bitters!  Got seated in a booth.  Decor was warm and inviting.  They renovated the old Tutto space and added dark wood and trim.  Nice setting for a date.  Food was really good.  Not super heavy Italian, more of a northern style.  GF had the heirloom beet pasta with goat cheese.  Great flavors and pine nuts added a good texture.  I had Tiger prawn and garlic pasta.  Flavor was great, however, they weren't as big as my expectation of prawns.  More a good sized shrimp. The tiramisu was AMAZING!  We will go back!
