2	I recently attempted to transfer to this location from the Mesa location. I requested my files be transferred on a Tuesday since it is the only day I have off that matches with their office hours. I called the next week Tuesday to confirm that I could now pick up my birth control pills from this new location. They said that they did not have my records at the new location... Ok... so, now going on two full weeks just to get some birth control pills which are more expensive than their other location in Mesa. The office hours here are terrible. They aren't open on weekends, or Wednesdays and have very unusual hours the other days of the week. For example 11-7pm I believe on Tuesdays but only 8-3pm on Thursdays. For someone who works 8:30-6 this is very difficult to manage especially since I know it will take hours to get what I need.
1	RIGHTS VIOLATION ALERT!My wife had an appointment for a blood pregnancy test. We walk in for the appointment, and they refuse to do the test. Then they wouldn't allow me back there with her for her appointment. They  also forced her to recount events that happened several years ago, which threw her into a full-blown panic attack/PTSD attack. They still wouldn't allow me back there with her. So if you care about your loved ones at all, don't bother with this place.
2	I recently moved to the area after graduating from school in Tucson, so I have no on/gyn yet. I came  here to renew my BC prescription. Everything went fine in the office, everyone was very friendly, appointment was quick an painless. I got my prescription so I could send it off to my insurance only to find out that the lady dated the prescription wrong by putting 2013 when it was 2014. So after jumping through hoops I finally received a new prescription in a different format than the first and my insurance rejected it because the doctor did not sign it. My insurance and I have both been trying to get ahold of the office for over a week now and nothing has been fixed. I would not recommend going to this clinic, the nurse practitioner does not seem to pay attention to basic details nor care about her patient's time.
