4	I recently signed up for Anytime Fitness because: 1. It's close to my house and 2. The gym is open 24/7 so I can come and go as I please.  The gym itself is pretty clean and there are lots of machines and weights available (partially due to the fact that no one is there when I go).  I used to go to the Rec. Center gym up the street because it was cheap but I decided to pay extra for having 24 hour access to this gym.  The staff (only 1 person who I've met so far) has been very nice to us.The only thing I don't like about this gym is the "showers" that they have.  It's basically a one-person bathroom with a shower installed.  I'm not sure how often they clean it but it kind of creeps me out wondering what kind of gym-induced germs are innoculating in there.  I've only seen the cleaning staff once and I didn't see them go into the shower areas to clean.  But, then again I wasn't really checking to see so maybe they did and I just didn't catch it.Overall, this gym is pretty good.  Not a lot of people are around when I use it (I usually stop in around midnight to get my buff on) and I usually have enough space and time to get my routine done without interruption.  A little bit more steep of a monthly payment than the gym up the street, but it is well justified to me with it's 24/7 operating hours and short drive from my house.
1	I had signed up planning only to be a member for 3 months, so I bought the month to month membership at a higher monthly rate.  I told this to the guy signing up.After having not attended for a month, I decided to cancel my membership when I noticed a charge pending from my account (auto debit).  I went inside the place to talk with the guy in person, and this is what happened:I was a day or two into my current month, so he charged me for that.  Then he informed me about the 30 cancellation notice, so I'd be charged for that month also.  Then he informed me about the fact that their policy makes them also charge you an additional month on top of that; apparently I agreed to that when I signed up.  Basically I went to the gym for 3 months, and wound up paying for 7.  IMO only 4 of them were fair charges.  If they had disclosed to me these policies verbally, I wouldn't be upset.  I thought I was signing a waiver of liabiilty.Total costs for 3 months of use:  $70 card fee, $210 monthly = $280 total = $93/month.
5	The gym now has FREE WIFI, SUPPLEMENTS, AND ENERGY DRINKS?!  5-star in my book.  No tanning booth or pool but, hey, the new manager is making the effort to ramp the gym up a little bit and all the improvements are most duly appreciated.  Now I can watch Netflix at the gym and get my protein shake on with ease.  WIN.
1	It's interesting to see the reviews of people having difficulty cancelling.  We couldn't even join!  My wife called to set up an appointment for Friday at 4pm to find out about membership options.  The gentleman repeated the appointment time a few times before the call ended.  Friday came, she arrived 10 minutes prior to, and waited until 5 minutes after, the appointment time.  Having multiple other things to do, she left.  She called him back and left a voicemail, to which he replied later.  He said he had to leave town for an emergency, but "left notes all over" about the appointment at 4pm.  He also said he would find out what happened and would call back.  A little while later, he did, saying that an employee got there at 4:07pm.  He then texted back and offered to be there at 11:30am Saturday.  After responding that the time wouldn't work (I was working and we have 3 children at home to watch), and offering something around 2 or 2:30pm, she didn't hear back.  My wife tried again this morning (and even offered to come a different day), and he said 11:30am was the only option he was giving us.  She asked if he was willing to lose a customer over not being willing to be a little flexible (mind you, of course, that sign-up hours are posted on the door & offered throughout the week!), and he said "Okay, sorry".  Makes us wonder if he was lying about someone showing up there after my wife left the first time.  Even though this location is close to the house and would be super convenient, we will not support a business that is run so poorly.  Who knows, maybe they don't cancel memberships because they're not signing anybody new up?
3	For me this gym was great, but ultimately we did not choose this gym due to the lack of free weights and only being able to bench press with a smith machine, which was a no-no for my husband.Other then that gym was neat and clean.
3	The manager of the gym is great and very involved with the members. He's even jumped in to join us for some workouts, which we personally enjoyed, but we know that could bother other people. He changes the music playing in the gym for us and isjust an all around friendly guy. The equipment is very well-maintained and clean. In the few months we attended the gym, they continued to add equipment and supplies to enhance our workouts.Now for the reason I didn't give it 5 stars: the trainers and some members. It is clear and common gym etiquette to not slam your weights on the ground and to re-rack when you're done with your weights. In the 7 months we worked out there, it was rare to find this being done, despite signs EVERYWHERE stating such. Even most of the trainers couldn't follow common gym etiquette. Only 1 trainer re-racked and didn't sling his weights all over the floor, and sadly he's not there anymore.We ended up having to discontinue our membership after finding a gym closer to home.
5	I applaud the Anytime Fitness Franchise model for rescuing me and my physique from the bowls of main stream, cookie cutter, fast food gym joints.Two years of 24 Hour Fitness took the best from me, and like a lift into Elysium I now am operating at peak potential in a healthy environment far from the dregs of society.
