2	Ordered from here last night via CampusFood.  It was pretty cheap - a grilled cheese + fries, a burger + fries, and an extra order of fries came to about $15 after tip.The problem was that delivery was horrifically slow.  After an hour, we called to see if they were having trouble finding us, since our street is extremely dark.  The girl cheerfully told us that our food hadn't even left yet.  After another half hour, the food arrived but it was ice cold.  Once it was heated up, it was pretty decent for the price.  I could tell that the fries would have been good if they were fresh out of the fryer.I wouldn't mind eating here again, but I think I would avoid having it delivered.
4	I've had excellent luck with the pizza from this place -- some of my favorite in Pittsburgh! Cheap beer on tap too.
4	3.5, but I'll round up to be nice.
1	Ok pizza.  However, good luck if u have any interaction with the bartender. She was the most inhumane person on 7/16/2010-7/17/2010.  The owner isnt much better.  Only support this place if you absolutely must eat after drinking in shadyside.
2	When you work 3p - 7a and forget to pack your lunch, your options are limited when you want a midnight meal. My coworkers and wanted to try something new so we ordered from here. I got an Original Calzone which was just sauce and cheese - nothing fancy. The calzone was very bready, that wouldn't be such a problem if the dough actually had flavor and wasn't so dry. Once I cut into the thing, the dryness wasn't an issue because the sauce was so watered down the dough eventually became soggy. Lacking flavor and spice, it was definitely not worth $9. My friend ordered a salad and fries which looked pretty decent, she wasn't happy with the fries because she told them 'well done' and they weren't crisp enough but she did enjoy the salad. We may give this place another try, but I'll definitely order something else.
4	I grabbed a quick steak quesadilla for $6 on special and it was loaded with steak, peppers and cheese. It basically hit the spot. It looks like they have a good beer selection and drink specials as well.
3	If you're looking for a late night greasy fried food fix, this is the place to come, sadly I live a mere minutes distance from this place.  Their kitchen is usually open until 3:30am and if I've been out in shadyside I often come here for a slice of pizza on my walk home.  They also have six packs for carry out which is useful sometimes.  Last time i went with a group of friends we tried one of their hugee calzones, jalepeno poppers and the wings.  Its a really small place and their bar seems to never be really busy like shady grove or marios but it is a chill place to just get good bar food.  I always crave their pizza and chicken tenders, yum..
2	This place is reasonably inexpensive, with good drink specials, but the food is nothing more than slightly below average bar food (with a decent but unimpressively tasting pizza menu).    It's about what you'd expect, and earns a solid "Meh" rating from this reviewer.
1	Never been here in person, but definitely cannot recommend ordering delivery. We called in our order - phone service was nice enough, she even recommended a smaller pizza to save us money (the menu we were looking at only had one size). After waiting over an hour and a half for it to arrive, we called and were given the excuse that the driver was on his way but having trouble finding us (does he not have a cell phone with which to call us?) and then another one about the roads being bad (there had been a light snowfall and the roads were totally clear, plus we live on a major route not far from the restaurant). My partner who made the call said it sounded like the guy on the phone was talking to the driver in person. Nevertheless, when the pizza finally arrived, it was cold as can be. It was not delivered in a hot-bag, just a fancy new Volvo. By the time we reheated it in our oven, it didn't matter what it tasted like. If bullshit is your favorite topping, or you prefer the cold leftover pizza experience, this place is for you!
1	12 of us from the tepper school of business went to south aiken bar and grill for late night pizza on thursday night( feb 23 rd ) and had the most horrific service experience; so much so I am considering reporting the restaurant to the better business bureau or another consumer forum of the like. There is now an Indian woman who owns the place( from the same suburb as me in Mumbai , India) . First of all we noticed her really aggressive attitude because the moment people finished their meal- she asked them to get out! ( those were her exact words!) we stood in line and 2 of my friends asked her if there were any salads on the menu- the second time she was asked- she slammed her hands against the table and said" you FU!@@#@#g Bitch, i told you we didnt have salads" one of us then came forward and said " why are you talking to us like this, do you want our business or not ?" and she said " I dont care either way, you can get out "- she  continued to spew a whole lot of verbal abuse and another guy friend leaned in toward her and said " stop talking to us like that" The male bouncer (!)standing next to her then shoved my friend against the wall- seriously who has a bouncer in a pizza salon?!! in about 10 minutes time, this had escalated to ugly proportions so we decided to be smart and leave. After all, there was no need to be treated like this anymore- it was just unacceptable and we had nothing to gain by stooping to their level.I was in such shock - we actually toyed with the idea of calling the cops to intervene- however it had been a long night and decided it was still futile. The woman owner is the most bitter woman I have met- surely she has had great turmoil in her life to be such an awful human being .when we narrated this incident in all of our classes the next day, it turned out most of our classmates had faced similar incidents and never went back there again. I am surprised south aiken bar and grill is still in service. This has been my worst eating experience in the city of pittsburgh and I hope this review will help caution some of you about the place. Thank you for reading.
3	Their food is just OK. Somewhat inconsistent with fries. I'm glad I've been here before the new owner took over.
2	Wanted to have delivery and surely did not want italian. Went on eat24 and ordered a bbq burger fries.granted it was delivery and food cools down, but if i need to warm it to make it mediocre edible, wtf. Burger was good, being smart to have it well done(even though i know it was nuked) and i know cause it came w an onion ring and the ring was unedible. Pls. Dont get me started w the Islys bbq sauce. Gues s i was really hungry
3	I had the pleasure of visiting this establishment at approximately 2:30 AM on a Sunday morning.  This place deserves 2 stars alone just for being open past 2 AM when the entire city tends to shut down.  I had the veggie pizza which was decent.  Certainly nothing special, but at 2:30 AM when you're looking for that late night cholesterol laden goodness, pretty much anything edible will suffice.  The price was a little more than what I would like to pay, but once again, worth it given the circumstances.  If other establishments in the area would follow suit, they'd do well.
1	Walked in around 6 on Thursday.  There was one other guy sitting at the bar.  We waited for 5 min and never saw a server.  Walked out.
1	Their menu looked like a great place to go to... Especially when looking for a late night place to eat. However, I was HIGHLY disappointed. I ordered chicken tenders and fries and my boyfriend ordered mild wings. It honestly tasted like it was just frozen store bought food. It was also quite expensive (around 28$) for the value and quality of food that was given. I'm sure it's a fun place to have a couple of drinks but I will not be returning to eat here anytime soon.
4	I ordered delivery and my food arrived still hot. Not hot hot like being in the restaurant, but for a delivery I was surprised. They actually have the thermal bags you can get at the grocery store to keep it warm. It arrived about 30min before the estimation. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I didn't actually dine in their establishment. As a delivery service though, they are the best I've seen. Ever.
