4	Just had lunch here last week.  I was happy with it.  I had the brisket.  It was tasty and exactly was I was expecting and craving.  The beans were more like a chili and completely the yummiest form of comfort food. The owners and employees are so nice, it's wonderful to see places like this with good people owning it.  I left think, "what fine, lovely people"-- I plan to head back out and try more things on the menu.  oh, the cobbler was very very very good.  Did I say very enough?
5	The outside a 3*The inside a 4*The service 5*The food a 6* Oh wait it only goes to 5. I had the pulled pork and a side of dirty rice. TT2 does what the other BBQ joints have not. He uses a really good bun instead of a hamburger bun. The pork was great with goof flavor and the sauce was good. The rice might have been my favorite part of the meal. Wish they had Mt Dew!
5	My husband and I used to eat the wonderful BBQ at Town Talk in downtown Phoenix.  We were so happy and surprised when Town Talk II opened right around the corner from our house!  The grandson of the original restaurant's owner is running the new place and his recipes came directly from his grandfather.  And they are just yummy, and I mean seriously yummy.The place is immaculate inside and out and the service is exceptional.I love to support the local mom and pop type businesses and it is a bonus when you get to have fabulous food and top notch service on top of buying local.Thank you, Chris and family, for continuing a first rate family tradition!
5	I have been back to this place enough times to say that I love this place.  I come here at least 3-4 times a month, sometimes even twice a week.  The food and service are excellent!  I usually go there during my lunch time on either Tuesdays or Thursdays because that is when they serve their special side of the day that I love.  The dirty rice on Tuesdays and the Jambalaya on Thursdays!  Small friendly neighborhood type restaurant.  Chris gives excellent service.  My favorite dish is the beef sliced briskett in a sandwich with jambalaya or dirty rice as a side.  Definitely have to try the cobbler.  I love em both the peach and blackberry.  Whenever we have boxing match, UFC fight or sport get together at the house we order by the pound.Don't leave without trying the cobbler, and you definitely have to get it  A la mode!
5	Someone once said, "Good food ends with good talk", a very appropriate quote for Town Talk II.  Love everything about the 2nd generation restaurant of the Rideau Family.  The food is very thoughtful and hits the mark on every level - smoky deep flavor of BBQ, great sauce, well thought out authentic Creole sides.  I find myself planning my week around the special side of the day - love the dirty rice - a meal unto itself.  But truly, the best selling point of this establishment are the Owners - down to earth, friendly people who sincerely appreciate your business, and make sure you leave their doorway knowing that.  They take care of you every step of the way, and if you have the time, they get to know their customers!  Another sign of appreciation for your patronage - something very simple that a lot of places overlook - the decor and general cleanliness of their establishment.  Believe me gentlemen, people notice, and we thank you for your efforts!Keep up the good work!  And see you again next week - maybe I'll have to break habit and come in on Gumbo day - love your dish - the last bite is as good as the first!
5	It's really fun when you sit down to write a review and, without hesitation, you click on that 5th star with a smile on your face.  That's exactly the way I felt just now.  Last Friday after work, we decided to try somewhere new for dinner and since it was pretty much on the way home, we decided on Town Talk.  Besides, BBQ sounded really good at the time.The place is exactly like every reviewer describes it.  It's a whole in the wall, but sparkling clean.  It's fairly nondescript inside but there are plenty of articles with mentions of the restaurant all along the walls.  The owner, I'm assuming, has got to be the nicest guy around.  He was on the phone when we came in and apologized profusely afterwards for not speaking to us immediately.  Gotta love that kind of hospitality.  It didn't take long for me to decided what to eat, and I ordered the brisket entree with mardi gras potato salad and the cole slaw.  We also decided on a blackberry cobbler to go.I wasn't really sure what to expect with Creole BBQ, but what I got was an intensely deep smoky flavor profile that just had a ridiculous amount of body.  I usually tend to go for sweet sauces, and this wasn't sweet at all, but I absolutely loved it!  The brisket was sliced very very thin, which I love, and it was still very tender.  The potato salad was really yummy and surprisingly light considering the description stating that it was a mayo potato salad.  My favorite part, the cole slaw!  Usually cole slaw is a big fat fail for everywhere bot Bobby Q and KFC.  Town Talk has got the cole slaw down pat.  It was deliciously crisp and tangy with a really good bite afterwards.  When we ate the cobbler at home it was delicious!I really loved this place and I will definitely be back again.  It's just really special when you can go somewhere and have great food and great service in a really comfortable environment.
5	What a great place.  I have to apologize to the owner for never coming here before now.  All of those hours, miles, and dollars I wasted going to Famous Daves - I think I've finally found a good BBQ place in town that is local.This place is easy to miss.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and, honestly, it isn't much more than some tables and a counter on the inside, but unlike Stanley's, this place has the food to make a statement.  The owner is pretty awesome (and a bit loud).  He is very helpful and friendly.  The staff is kind and courteous.  I felt like we were getting special treatment but this seems to be how they do business. I had a two-meat entree so that I could try both the pork and the hot links.  The pork was really some of the best I've ever had.  Not dry, not fatty, just sweet and good.  The hot links weren't too hot but the sauce gave them a nice kick.  I ordered the Cajun Fries and the beans as my sides.  The cajun fries were seriously good.  They might be my favorite fries in town.  Nice and crispy.  The beans weren't really my style but there wasn't anything wrong with them - I just wanted sweeter ones.  Finally, the blueberry cobbler was great.  Much better than I expected.  The perfect ending to a great meal.I know where I will be headed whenever I want BBQ.
4	Just had a great lunch. Owners were super friendly giving suggestions and chatting. Nice patio with real BBQ.
5	5 stars usually isnt my thing to do but this is THE barbecue place.All the things I want from great bbq:-tender meatiness-tasty not too sweet not too smoky bbq sauce-beyond delicious sides-good bread-no bougie prices-friendly attentive serviceWell I have found all of this in Town Talk II.Had the:RIBS = meaty, tender, peppery cantquitedeterminewhatthattasteis but very delicious bbq sauce at a decent price.WHEAT BREAD = fluffy, decent 2 slices that came with the ribs.RED BEANS & RICE = Perfectly seasoned, not beyond salty or overwhelming like some red beans and rice.  loved this.CREOLE FRIES = perfection of fries since they were lightly dusted with seasoning and salt.CREOLE STYLE POTATO SALAD = Mustard potato salad had the perfect fluffy mayonnaisy mustard ratio.  The potatoes were much firmer than others but I really like that the were because I hate it when potato in potato salad is too soft and mushy.  It also went omg so perfectly with the ribs.COLESLAW = Slightly sweet, slightly sour, all good.  They gave me a free sample when I asked if it leaned toward sweet.  BLACKBERRY COBBLER = not overly sweet like most cobblers Ive had...seedy and blackberryish flavors were oozing all over the place with lotsa good crust to make every bite equal crust to filling.This is THE place for bbq...get there...enough said PERIOD
5	I have been to TT2 three times now and I have to say this is the BEST BBQ  I have had in Phoenix.  The pork ribs, brisket and BBP sandwich were so tender and juicy and flavorful and not overwhelmed by sauce.  The creole BBQ sauce they make however is spicy with just a hint of sweetness. (I realize that BBQ sauce is in the' taste of the beholder') and I like spicy foods so this was a hit with me.  I truly love the cold black-eye pea salad they serve on Mondays (TT2 features a  different side special  every day).  I'm not a fan of any potato salad - but they offer two kinds :  mayo and mustard. and my friends tell me it is always served cold without too much mayo and perfectly cooked chunks of potato. The red beans and rice,is the only dish I think needs revamping for they are too mushy - I would like to see the  rice and beans lightly mixed but not all mashed up.  Nevertheless - Chris the owner, works magic with the meat  and that is why I'm giving this place 5 stars, This is a family owned and operated eatery and  it is apparant that  they take BBQ very seriously. Interior is plain but they do have a large flat screen TV which is always tuned to either a D-Backs or Cardinals game or other popular sporting event.  Beer is always ice-cold! Added bonus:  They received a Gold  Star rating on their most recent health inspection . Note: I always check out the County Health Inspection Reports online before I go to a restaurant.  You would be surprised that some of the fanciest restaurants in Scottsdale, et. al.  have the most violations. The opposite is also true.  I have been to a few  'hole in the walls' where the place and equipment were so clean you could practically eat off the floor (not that I would advise anyone to do that!)  Check the nozzles of any soda or water dispensors  before you use 'em....you could be in for a nasty surprise...  Happy Yelping!
4	If you have not been it's time to go .  Great  Homey Food and excellent service.   We have been meaning to try Town Talk since last years Cajun festival . Last night we tried their Beef Brisket Sandwich ,,which  had taa daa a lovely pink smoked edge..that's when you know its good.  BBQ was really tangy , spicy but not overpowering  ..I should have bought a bottle of it!   I had coleslaw which was  good but not my style . The mustard potato salad tasted really good nice spices that enhanced the flavor without overpowering it. We also tried the cobblers which were outstanding great blend of fruit , crust and sugar. Just wanted a bigger portion!! The family that runs this place was so friendly and hospitable I felt like I was in someones home. Food arrived promptly and they wouldn't allow us to tip them! WOW!   We will be back !! Maybe time for a UYE!
3	This place seems like a very friendly and welcoming restaurant - I can definitely understand this place being filled with a regular neighborhood crowd.  However, I wasn't super impressed with the food.I ordered the sliced brisket sandwich with creole fries, with peach cobbler for dessert.The meat was cooked decent - I can't really put my finger on it, but it just wasn't as good as it could have been.  Maybe sliced too thin, maybe not cooked long enough - it was ok, but I've had much better.The sauce was kind of interesting, but I was hoping for more.  It had a little bit of extra flavor to it, but for a creole-style BBQ restaurant, I was hoping the creole flavor would stand out a little more.The fries also seemed kind of plain - there was a light sprinkle of seasoning, but aside from that, they seemed pretty generic.  Again, not bad, but I was hoping for more flavor.  The peach cobbler was decent, but nothing special.I do like the place, and would go back if in the area, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to go back.
5	Great! Pulled pork sandwich was awesome!
5	The owner is very nice. He likes to talk and is helpful. Try the sweet potato tater tots, yum! Support local business!
3	I had the Pulled Pork Papu.  It was tasty.  The sauce seems pretty regular except for the addition of Tony Chachere's seasoned salt (a legitimate Louisiana legend).  The pulled pork tasted like pulled pork, the side sweet potato tots were tasty but skimpy on the portion.  I thought overall the food was A-OK but like Joe E said in his review, it just wasn't that impressive.  It was passing, but nothing extraordinary.  Being from Louisiana, I suspect I wanted something that reminded me of home, but nothing I had really took me back.  It just seemed like regular BBQ, nothing really creole about it - then again, BBQ really isn't a indigenous Creole dish  (I personally think Memphis and Carolinia folks do it best).  The only truly Creole BBQ we have is BBQ shrimp, which if you've ever experienced it, will not only knock your socks off but will leave you wondering where the BBQ is.    The owner seemed nice, and I do love me a family business, especially one that claims Louisiana roots.  I'll give it another shot in the future, but it certainly is not my top pick for BBQ.
4	Man the best thing about Phoenix is you can drive anywhere!  Since I don't use a car in San Francisco, a sprawling city can seem intimidating when deciding where to go for anything, and most people become creatures of habit.  Since I had a rental car while I was out in PHX and was able to bike from the place I was staying to the convention center, I decided to get my gas on by going to random spots to eat.Anyhow, Town Talk II is pretty random, but I guess when you have a city that stretches all over the place, things pop up wherever they happen to.  The space is very basic, but the staff are super friendly!I decided upon the pulled pork sandwich, which is a standby for me when I go to a new BBQ spot.  The sandwich was huge and filling and pretty damn good.  The guy at the place warned me it would be slathered in sauce, but I didn't expect just how slathery it would be.  It's all good though since I scraped some of the excess off and enjoyed my sandwich with my fork!  yum!
4	First time here, Thanks to Yelp.TT-II is a small place that was slightly difficult to find, but when I arrived it was packed with folks.  I was immediately greeted by the cheery counter worker and handed a menu.  As I looked over the selections, I stumbled on the reason why it was packed - Monday's special side order was the black eyed pea cole slaw.  The propreitor told me later that a church group regularly visits for a late lunch on Mondays and that I stumbled in the middle of their lunch time.  As I gazed around, I also noticed they sell their own sauces behind the counter.The menu had a nice variety of BBQ; both pork and beef, but also other things like catfish and vegetarian choices.  I chose half a slab of pork ribs as thinking that going mainstream in a BBQ place would give me the best feel for the place.  Each meal comes with two sides and I picked the Black eyed pea cole slaw (special of the day) and a the Creole potato salad (aka mustard) and backed it with a sweet Green Tea.I went outside as the only available seating was there under the trellace.  It was a beautiful, warm day and I enjoyed it. The meal came quickly and I violated any rule of balance; the ribs went into focus and then out.  Slurp.  Yum.  I poked at the black eyed pea cole slaw and descended into them.  Remarkable hint of cilantro, then accents of chopped red onion popped in, followed by a light vinegar flavor.  There was something red and finely flaked rolling around that I couldn't identify, but I'll guess pimento.  Nothing overpowering but mighty tasty.The Creole potato salad was good, standard fare but I was getting full.
5	Let me begin by saying that I've had some great BBQ all over North and South Carolina, so my expectations were high when we decided to go to Town Talk II. The restaurant is a simple, charming place. We were immediately greeted and made to feel right at home. For dinner, we shared the pulled pork, chicken, beef, and rib tips. AMAZING! The meat was not swimming in sauce, so you could really taste the flavor of the meat, essential for great BBQ. The sides were just a good...I highly recommend the collard greens...they melt in your mouth!We'll be back again when the urge to have great BBQ hits again! Highly recommended!
4	Had the pulled pork sandwich.  Sauce, bun, and meat was good.  I've had better though.
4	Food was fantastic, service was even better.  You could tell that, with the exception of our group as it was our first time, everyone that came in was essentially a regular.  We had a ton of questions, all of which were answered with a smile. The pulled pork, coleslaw, and blackberry cobbler were all a big hit with our group. We'll definitely be back for more!
5	My Dad and I have been trekking to Poenix for Spring Training baseball  for a couple years now and we happened across Town Talk Two thanks to Yelp - we wanted good locsl barbecue and they were one of the closest, top-rated joints near the Rangers' stadium. Man were we in for a treat, the owner is a big friendly guy who was more than happy to chat us up about suggestions on the menu, as well as clue us in on the area and help us catch up on the March Madness games we missed that morning. The food was incredible, from the ribs, to the brisket, to the red beans and rice, and the cole slaw. I wish I still had the appetite I had in high school so I could have tried even more. My favorite was by far the sauce, sweet with a dropkick of creole seasoning for the perfect blend of savory and spicy - but not overpowering. This is some of the best rendered barbecue, slathered in some of the best, most uniqe sauce I've had anywhere in the country - and I'm an afficianado of BBQ, I even have my own smoker.This will be a regular stop for us every year, now. Do yourself a favor next time you're in Phoenix, wander into this place and tell them Yelp sent you. It's a can't miss.
5	Ohhh, Papu - what you do to me!Kim T. brought me here for lunch when running errands one day.  As she'd been here before, I trusted her to order - that woman does not mess around when it comes to food, and she seems to know just what to aim for on every menu!My lunch was the Papu - huge BBQ sandwich - we opted for the hot link and brisket.  White bread, slathered in sauce.  Oh, that sauce!  A BBQ place is made or broken on the sauce - and OMG I wish the Rideau's would bottle the stuff!  Ha!  They do!  Brilliant!It comes with a side - and there are so many good ones, it's hard to choose.  I went with the daily special side - fried cabbage on the Friday we were there.  YUM!  Can't say I ever had it before, so nothing to compare it to, but I was loving it!I can't wait to bring my mom's husband in - he's gonna love me forever for this one!And next time I'm having a gathering, TT2 is at the very top of my very short list of caterers!
5	Papu, pulled pork, hot links, brisket, fries.  If you haven't had real Southern BBQ, you haven't lived.  Town Talk II lives up to top-notch Dirty South BBQ!All these things are excellent, and should be enjoyed with one of the local beers served here.  I'm pretty excited for the expansion next door, and the talk of a full bar for this hidden gem of Phoenix.
4	Just took my family there last night for the first time on the advice of yelp reviews. Not disappointed in any way. I had the pulled pork Papu and my wife had the catfish. The bbq sauce was extra spicy and terrific. The people seemed to fuss over us a bit more than I would ever expect. Big thumbs up.
4	Very weird location and no parking available, but the food was DELICIOUS.  The sauce on the ribs tastes very smokey and flavorful without burning your mouth.  Not overly sweet like some sauces.  My husband and I are both diabetic and really have to watch for that in a bbq sauce.  The potato salad was so nice and "mustardly" just like I want it.  And oh the blackberry cobbler made your mouth water.   Highly reccomend this place.
3	Fried pickles are a must.. The rest was average. Service was quite good and quite friendly. Perhaps worth a look.
5	Went there for lunch for the first time today.  Kickin myself for never trying.  Place is awsome.  Had the Papu with fries.  One of the best pulled pork sammichs I ever had.  Employee's were really nice and from the moment we walked in we felt like we belonged there.  All I really have to say for now.  Will update after a few trips but the 1st trip there was outstanding!
3	The moment they stop using styrofoam cups and so much disposable plates and cutlery, I'll give them one more star.The place is nice, clean and has a great service. Meats come nice but being used to just meat, the salsa kinda ruins it for me. Brisket came out good but maybe I'm biased with Texas places. The creole potato salad is a winner.  If there is a next time...sauce will go on a side so I can really enjoy the flavor.
2	We hit this place quite a few months ago randomly while in this part of town.The Good: The place is clean, the owner is very nice.The Bad: The food.  We both ordered sandwiches, pulled pork and chicken.  Tasted like boiled/crockpot meat with thick, too sweet, ketchup-based sauce poured ALL over it.  It was so disgusting.  DH and I agreed.  Never again.  We are just shocked this place has the same rating as Texas BBQ House (which has just BEAUTIFUL food...).2 Stars only because the service and owner were lovely.
2	First off, this is not good barbecue.  There are several other places to go and get far better food.We asked for an order of fried pickles to start off with.  They came out piping hot and extremely fresh and smelled awesome.  There was a total of 6 pickle spears and a small cup of ranch for dipping.  These tasted as good as they smelled/looked and the ranch complimented them well (I'm really picky about the type of ranch that is served).For the main course, my husband and I both ordered the 2-meat combo meals that come with 2 sides.  This way we could try a little of everything and get a good idea of what we did and didn't like.  I ordered the pulled pork and chicken, while my husband ordered the beef brisket and hot links.  The sides we ordered were the onion rings, creole fries, creole style potato salad, and bubba beans.The bubba beans were not the type of beans you would expect when you think of bbq.  They were soupy and tasted like they belonged alongside a Mexican entree.  The potato salad was very bland and lacked any wow-factor.  The creole fries were skinny fries with a creole seasoning shaken over them and it really didn't impress us -- tasted like the same seasoning you would find at Red Robin.  The onion rings were the best and they used the same batter as the fried pickles, so we weren't surprised that we liked them.As for the bbq itself, it was a great disappointment.  It doesn't even taste like it was smoked or look like it, for that matter.  There is no smoke ring, no smoke flavor, nothing.  Very bland meat without any flavor.  The brisket was tough, the chicken was rubbery, the pulled pork was just a stringy mess on my plate, and the hot links looked like a mediocre hot dog, at best.  The worst part was actually the bbq sauce!  Gross.  It was a very thin, watery sauce that really did not have any memorable flavor to it.  The presentation on our plates was also bizarre.  Basically, it was a bunch of meat slathered in this watered-down sauce and it did not look the least bit appetizing (and it wasn't!).After we were finished, the waitress pointed to my husband's side of bubba beans and asked if he wanted a container to take them home.  We politely declined.  She then asked if we would like anything else and suggested the blackberry or peach cobblers.  We decided to take the bullet and try the peach cobbler.  Honestly, we were glad we did!  The peach cobbler was delicious and served with a dollop of ice cream.  Pretty sure the peaches come from cans, but we weren't expecting anything different after the less than satisfactory meal we had just consumed.The actual restaurant is cute and very clean.  It's pretty big, as there are two dining rooms in what looks to be an old house.  The outside of the building doesn't give the impression of anything special, which is on-point.We won't be going back to this joint.
5	If you want great food at a family friendly price, try Town Talk II. It's an eclectic mix of barbecue and Mexican for a unique southwest taste found nowhere else. Check it out and "Like" them on FB!http://www.towntalkbbq.com/
5	Best bbq in Phoenix! Great prices and you can't beat the daily specials!
5	At the gallery, I heard a friend talking about the fact she was going to be singing with a band that night.  She said people I knew were all gathering there to her her sing.  I asked if I could going them so she gave me the name and address of the bar.  I really enjoy these people but the idea of going to a bar?  Not my way I want to spend a relaxing evening with friends.  However, I had asked if I could join them so thought I'd better go.  This is a case of where I should have read what reviews I could find on Yelp because Karen L's review really gets it right.It's kind of a bar, lounge, restaurant all combined in one.  The atmosphere is as welcoming to a stranger than any place I have been for a long time. There is a real cultural mix which I found to be very inviting.  It's not a tony place. It's neighbourhood and happily open to anyone who might walk in the door.  I sat at a long table with friends including their two ten year olds.  Kind of fun for all.The food...I didn't know they served food but they have a menu that  I am sure most could find something to order from.  I tried the rib tips which a certain female friend recommended.  I rarely eat beef and BBQ so can't say I have much to compare with what I ate.  It had a distinct flavor and the meet was tender.  I couldn't complain.  I saw a person having a burger and fries that really looked good but as I said based on the recommendation from that particular individual...The music was a mix by a small group from the 40's up.  It was a little loud but for a room full of friends having a good time, that was fine.  I enjoyed hearing them and listening to my friend sing.  From what I could see, a good time was had by all.  As I said before, don't do for the style, go for the fun.  I'm not sure when the band played so if you go there for that, call ahead.
4	Co worker recommended me to try this place, so I forgot my lunch at home (oops!!) and came here during my lunch hour. Came in and the owner was at the front desk. Told me I can sit anywhere I wanted to! Place was very clean, in one room it was like a little sports bar! Had TVs and a bar. In the main room was more like a little dining room. Place is not that big, but still nice. Decorated with football memorabilia, especially from New Orleans. Had a sizable menu, I order the Ranger! It was a pulled pork sandwich w/coleslaw an a white or wheat bun. It also came with one side order! Sandwich was very good, I have never had creole BBQ! First time and I would have it again. People there were very nice, Now I am not a professional food taster! (but I play one at home!) And if you look at my pictures I have tried!! Everyone is going to have their own opinion, and you have to realize everyone has a different taste! I liked this place!
3	Went to Town Talk II a few weeks ago for the first time.   It was a Friday night and the St. Mary's football crowd was out in force.  what fun!  We loved the family feel and friendly atmosphere.  I chose a combo plate and wasn't impressed with the ribs but the rest was fantastic.  As was the cabbage.  I would drive the 10 miles there just for the cabbage.  It was outstanding!!!Not convinced it's the best bbq I've ever eaten but it's definitely not the worst and the friendly feel and great service were fantastic.
5	Pulled Pork sandwich!  Enough said!  Whenever I'm out for a weekend ride, I try to find new places for some BBQ.  This place was a real surprise, and I have to thank the Yelp Elite for helping me find this place.  The pork was unbelievably tender, and the guy behind the counter really knew his stuff.  Apparently they've been open for like 6 years, but being a relative newby to Phoenix, I was really excited at the quality that they put out here.  I'm definitely coming back, and bringing my son next time he comes down from Nebraska!
2	I drove out there from surprise last Saturday just to try their red beans and rice. I just heard about this place the day before, it's a cute little BBQ place, the red beans and rice were average, the rice was a little mushy, and the red beans didn't have much spice to them. Definitely not the best in town...Mine are hands down the best west of the Mississippi...... no offence intended.... I still try them every time I find a new place... The service was excellent.....but for red beans and rice.... 2 stars...
3	I've been looking for a good BBQ place when I'm visiting the greater Phoenix area.  Based on the reviews, Town Talk made the short list of places to try.The staff seems to all be related and, upon learning it was our first time there, they were both personable and helpful during ordering.Unfortunately, I wasn't overly impressed with the pulled pork.  They use a sweeter BBQ sauce than what I generally prefer, but it's just that - a preference.  If you're into the sweetness, give Town Talk a try.I'll be trying somewhere else next time.
4	Great bbq, pretty good sides.  I have had the pulled pork, shredded beef, and the links. And I really like the potato salad, which I am pretty particular about.
3	The dirty rice was good but you dont get very much when you get carryout. The meat was good however the sauce was strange...like it had cayenne pepper in it or too much of  it.
4	Always great BBQ here. The pork ribs are done with Spare Ribs, plenty of awesome BBQ goodness. A great smoke on the ribs, perfectly sweet and tangy sauce and tons of southern style sides like red beans and rice, fried okra and beans. I got to try the beef ribs this past weekend (they usually run out) and they were good, but there was hardly no meat on them. Probably just a one off occurrence, since every other time I've been here this place delivers what I'm looking form. Great BBQ hidden in Central Phoenix.
5	Oh man this place was so awesome. I've been craving decent BBQ and in generous portions. My girlfriend and I decided to check the place out. It turned out to be the perfect choice.We walked in and were greeted by staff. We chose a seat in the back bar area where their was live music and family charm. It was like going to an extended family reunion BBQ combined with a block party. The BBQ and sides were delicious. Fried pickles were the best I've had.  Two older gentlemen ended up dancing with my girlfriend because I have an injured foot. The game was on multiples TVs and the food was cheap. We will be back for more.
5	I am sold! I drive past Town Talk II all the time and finally decided to stop in and now I'm hooked. My wife and I walked in and were honestly a little bit confused. You never know with barbecue places whether you're supposed to order at the counter or sit down, but James greeted us right away and eased our anxiety and told us to have a seat. We were immediately at home.The setting is really casual and laid back, the food was great and the service was even better. I don't know how often James works, and I'm sure the others are great as well, but make that guy YOUR guy. He's the best!The barbecue sauce that they use is a perfect blend of spicy, tangy and sweet and my only complaint is that I wanted more, but that's just because I'm greedy and it was SO good.The next time you find yourself driving past Town Talk II, do yourself a favor and just pull in for some quick and delicious pulled pork and some friendly service.Thanks for everything Town Talk II and James. You've made yourselves some patrons for life!
5	Great Food and amazing atmosphere I'd recommend the papu and fried okra. The staff is friendly and the food came out fast. I personally wish the bar side of this place was open past 9 because i can stay here all night and drink and eat. Perfect place.
5	Amazing food. Really nice people. The ribs tips are good. The creole fries are great. But the blackberry cobbler is freaking amazing!
3	Was driving by in lunch time seen sign and decided to tray this place. First very quit place even it was 12:00.They smoke meat without any sauce or rub secondary to that you have to have sauce with meat as meat lack any flavor, but sauce actually very nice
2	Well, being from Texas, I am picky about my BBQ brisket. I probably should have ordered the pulled pork but against my first instinct, I ordered the brisket. First, it was cold and watery. It tasted like they had either nuked it not quote enough or pulled it out of a steam tray. Was not hot or fresh. Did not taste like BBQ at all. No smoke flavor at all. Slathered with barely warm BBQ sauce. The ice tea just tasted strange. He told me he put a cinnamon stick on it. Ugh. The beans tasted like ranch beans out of a can. The okra was good though. I went here for lunch. No one else in the place. Definitely not worth the $13.
2	Cute stand alone on 19th Ave just above Osborn.  I've never seen the place full, but it's open for lunch and dinner and they have a catering delivery van in the parking lot. Inside looks bigger than you'd expect with another dining area behind the wall and also doors leading to a patio.  Homey pictures and article cut-outs on the walls, and each table has a nice roll of thick paper towels.  You'll need 'em!  It's Creole style BBQ they say, but it's also a typical BBQ food joint that serves much meat with a whole lot of overcooked and fried sides.  No fresh veggies or green salad to speak of.  Okay, that the place.  Here's my review - Begin:I tried the ribs.  Twice.The meat does not fall off the bones.  Bad, bad ribs.End review.
4	Tasty BBQ friendly service and a warm atmosphereThe papu is very tasty got it with brisket beer on tap and bartender that makes a good bloody Mary
5	Just came to check the bbq at before closing. The sauce was so good and the pork tender, I ask for a bbq sandwich. The place is nice and looks better than the outside. I hope to return soon. Saturdays after 5 have live music. I'll check it out.
