5	I attended the Grand Opening of Hibachi Buffet in Mesa, Arizona which started at 11am on March 29th, 2012. I was the third customer to enter the restaurant to try out its delicious luncheon buffet which had a wide variety of Chinese, Japanese, Mongolian, Mexican and American dishes with delicious deserts . Me and my buddies were completely satisfied. The lunch cost $6.99 per person and dinner cost $9.99 a person.Adding Tea and sodas to your meal cost $1.49 each.
1	I live nearby and, like the other reviewer, I have been waiting and watching for this restaurant to open. Yesterday we saw it was finally open so decided to go for an early dinner tonight. We went inside and waited to be seated. And waited. And waited.  There was an employee at the cash register about 4 feet away from us who didn't even acknowledge our presence, or the presence of the other family waiting to be seated. So we waited longer. And as we waited I watched a little girl of about 4 or 5 years running up and down the aisles of the buffet taking food with her fingers and eating  - with her mother nearby and not doing a thing to stop her. This is one of my big problems with buffets. Ugh! So  we were still waiting and I was getting grossed out more and more by the minute - and the employee STILL had not greeted us or seated us - we left. I will say the inside looked clean and there appeared to be a LOT of food. Since they have just opened we MAY give them another chance. If the employee had even acknowledged that we were there and said someone would be with us in a moment, I would have understood. But he totally ignored us. And the little girl situation...ewww. Just ewww. Parents, please watch your children and teach them manners!
2	I have been talking to my sister about this place as i live nearby and I guess I had high expectations since that building had been vacated for such a long time it was nice to see some life there.  As I entered the building there was line outside the door which is expected as it was the grand opening week but was not greeted with a smile.  After 15 minutes we were seated, our server took our drinks FYI we asked for juice for kids and they served bottled gatrorade at room temperature.  This was a first for me and was not expecting this.  They had a lot of variety and the food lacked somewhat flavor in some of the dishes but then again everyone has different tastes.  I had to take my kids to the restroom and was grossed by how dirty it was and no one was maintaining the restrooms.  Servers were stressed, overwhelmed, understaffed and probably not expecting it to so busy.  Lighting was another big issue for me especially around the buffet area felt too industrial too florescent for a restaurant that size.  Restaurant does not feel inviting and warm.  I know how expensive it is to start up a restaurant and I am hopeful they will work out the kinks before I come by and visit them again once all the madness and "grand opening" fever dies down a bit.
4	Yay!  it's another new Hibachi and I stopped in today with Arlin B. & Mike C. to give it a try.  It's a big, lovely place, & although they were a little late after opening to get all of the food out, we were eventually offered a wide array of 150 tasty main food items, plus sauces & dressings.  The Mongolian BBQ was delicious, with a generous array of 18 fruits, veggies & meats, including octopus, Chinese Snow Peas, & eggs!  I also particularly enjoyed the fried chicken, & over at the dessert table there were plenty of goodies to choose from, including EIGHT flavors of REAL ice cream.  Yum!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet only $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
1	DONT EAT HERE! VERY DIRTY! LITTLE KIDS RUNNING UP AND DOWN ISLES (but will stop and put their hands into the food and just stand there and eat it) I will try to post a picture of my arm after resting it on the edge of table.
4	Well another Hibachi in the Valley (I love them all) .Arlin B. and Rand H.joined me here for lunch and with well over 100 trays of food there was lots to eat. Most of the food was real good so I say to myself why are you only giving this one 4 stars? Well it was missing a few of my favorite dishes ,fresh strawberries, and the tacky fountain. So yes YAY!! I Am a fan.The more Hibachi's the better.
4	Reading all the poor reviews prior to going tonight didn't detour me from my recent visit to Hibachi. The amount of food presented was incredible. The sushi rolls were great and the well kept stock of hot plates were filled with everything you could imagine. The place was busy and so was the food. We were still seated very fast and plates were picked up quickly.    Dinner tonight was 9.99, soda/tea was extra. They catered to everyone's taste including kids and those who don't always prefer Asian cuisine. I'm sorry for those who stated they were not impressed and could not have anything more to complain about other than take pictures of dirty restrooms to which my only response to that would be, try it again...it was grand opening week that you went and I'm sure the kinks have been resolved.    See you soon Hibachi!
2	Food was alright I'm not a big fan of buffets. I just heard they have sushi and this place is a buffet soooo I had to check it out. Place looked nice food looked yummy but the sushi didn't taste all great. The crab roll didn't taste like crab, or if that was crab it had a tast like cottage cheese. All in all food was good just not the sushi
3	We went back to Hibachi Grill Super Buffet this afternoon for a second time to give it another try. We were greeted and seated immediately upon entering this time. I didn't see any of the messes on the floors, tables, or buffets that people mentioned in other reviews. Everything looked clean, and the wait staff were there to clean off our empty plates and refill our glasses. The food is typical buffet food - nothing fancy or especially delicious, just standard. As a vegetarian, I had the vegetable lo mein, some cucumbers/tomatoes and mushoom salad. Very tasty. I don't know what all my husband ate, but he ate a lot and said it was good. I also didn't see any small children running around sticking hands in the buffet this time. My husband says all buffet tables should be taller so kids can't play in the food haha! This second experience was much better than the first, so I upped my rating from one star to three.
1	Usually buffets start out sparkling clean, and serving only the finest food. Smiling chefs, and pristine service usually declines after a year or so. This place just opened, and the food is already stale and bland. Sushi chef dogging you every time you walk by. Dirty floor and tables. They gave up from the start.
3	Hibachi? Super buffet? Let's go!  The restaurant is spacious and can seat a lot of patrons.  The food is your standard Chinese buffet type foods, with maybe a little more soup selection (They had hot and sour, egg drop, and wonton soup when we went).  The sushi looked very dubious, so I stayed clear for the most part.  I did try some snapper nigiri, which wasn't very fresh tasting.  The baked fish item for the night was a large baked salmon, which tasted strangely mushy, so I only ate a few bites.  There weren't any crab legs when we went, just fish.Service was fast and friendly, and empty trays at the buffet were promptly refilled as needed.  A partial deterrent for me though, was that a lot of the customers here came with their kids which were for the most part unsupervised, so there were a lot of little sticky hands running through the buffet items.
2	A new Asian super buffet going in a vacant Black Angus Steakhouse? I'm there! There's got to be at  least one establishment open for business along Southern Avenue from Alma School to Longmore. For this review, I feel it will be best to list pros and cons about my experience on a recent Saturday evening...Pros:  Attentive Hostess/Wait Staff; Unique Decor, Large selection of food choices available, separate price for children; real ice cream (as opposed to that frozen ice milk that most Asian buffets serve (wtf is that?)); Spacious floor plan to accomodate a large number of patrons as well as ease in navigating the different stationsCons: Is the use of 3 different styles of chandeliers intentional? I kind of like consistency, otherwise it looks like you've outfitted your establishment from Goodwil finds.Speaking of consistency ... If you're going to label SOME things, label EVERYthing. Most things I could figure out, but that makeshift taquito-looking thing looked like it was filled with Steak Tartare rather than taco meat. Which brings me to my next point. I've been to enough of these kinds of establishments and I've been a parent long enough to realize that sometimes there's picky eaters out there, children especially. So if you want to serve Pizza, I may find it a little out of place, but I can let it slide.  What I DON'T get, is the taco station, and the Tapatio hot sauce on the table. True, most Asian buffets are frequented by Hispanic families. I totally get that, believe me, but if an ASIAN establishment with a taco bar is walking a fine line. If it starts serving Horchatas and Tamarindo waters (like I've seen one do), then my natural instinct is to think that they've sold out, or they don't know what they're specializing in and when that happens, they run the risk of having their quality suffer. If Mexi-Chino Fusion is your goal, then brand yourselves as such. That's all I'm saying. Good night.
5	I am alarmed at all the 1 stars for this place. You on crack? I must defend this place. As an American, the fact that it's both Japanese and Chinese is awesome. I like having a choice of both chow mein and sushi. I've eaten at other sushi places and this place has good, SAFE sushi (yes, I can tell) for a very reasonable price. If you have a problem paying $6.99 for lunch, then go to Sweet Tomatoes where you'll pay a lot more for ZERO sushi. My visit was on a Thursday at 11:15AM. I noticed that it got really busy at 11:30. Try to beat that crowd, okay? No menu is needed as it's a buffet. Their only menu has beer and wine. Each wine glass is priced at $4.50. The buffet has many selections. Of course, they have chow mein and fried rice and don't forget the *sushi*. They also have whole sea bass, spinach salad, sweet and sour chicken, pork potstickers, cream dumplings and many other Asian mainstays. They have lots of soups. For the sushi wimps, they do have an assortment of American foods like pizza, taquitos and french fries (a good thing if your kids aren't acclimated to Asian food). A whole separate buffet line is dedicated to desserts, such as tiramisu, jello and Turkish delight. The place is in the old Black Angus building. The old building had too many walls up and felt stuffy. The renovations made it into a more spacious area, a tad romantic and calming. Their muzac plays contemporary rock hits low in volume. I had to smile as I heard "Smooth Criminal" lightly playing in the background. They have a couple of large screen TVs playing prime time coverage of the Olympics. Somebody commented that the place has glaring, changing lights. One of the banisters has a leaf pattern that changes slowly from green to red to brown. It's soothing, not flashy at all. The place is mostly lit by chandeliers. The clientele is white, middle-aged, without kids and they seem respectful. My waiter was attentive and offered me a refill on my tea before I finished it. All the waiters seem to speak good English, with little accents. (I've been to Asian places where they were only capable of nodding.)Yes, the place is clean. The wood floor is in pristine shape and looks very clean. The table was clean and in good condition. The chair was clean, no stuffing coming out. As for that one bathroom picture, you can't diss Hibachi Grill for one bad apple, can you? My husband used the bathroom and said that there was nothing on the floor. Somebody else said the food was cold. Everything that was supposed to be warm was kept warm and I hope that reviewer wasn't talking about the sushi, as sushi is supposed to be cool and crisp. When I told my waiter the pictures were for my Yelp profile, he seemed a little nervous, though I assured him I'd give 5 stars. I came here, now I understand why. He indicated to me that they went through some staff changes and that they were doing better. So it seems they have it together now. I left the place delightfully burping.
4	I am impressed at how solid this buffet turned out given the affordable $10 price tag.. Their options included all of the standard asian buffet items: raw bar, sushi bar, Mongolian grill, steamed bar, an extensive dessert selection, and some notably good choices such as bacon-wrapped shrimp, beef short ribs, scallop/crab baked clam shells and I noticed (but didn't try) that they have a custom taco section.  My choice spot from now on if I am looking to fill up on a large variety of things for a good price. Giant Panda Buffet, in Orlando, has a better selection for about the same price so I can't quite give it a fifth star.. But it well deserves these four!  For a similarly priced solid Indian buffet check out Indian Oven further East. For a more expensive but more expansive buffet (crab legs, more fish) try Pacific Seafood Buffet down South a bit.
2	This place is mediocre, at best. I was so hot in there is was completely uncomfortable. They were cooling the place with swamp coolers during monsoon season....not exactly yet the best idea. The food was okay but the staff was really rude and inattentive.
5	My husband treated me here for a second time because we love it. Just wanted to put down more delicious stuff that they have because the variety of food is remarkable: stuffed mushrooms, crabmeat, baked scallops, lobster, shrimp ceviche, teriyaki broccoli. On the American side, I did notice roasted duck, BQ ribs and buffalo wings. This time, I had my helping of sushi, but with tofu and shrimp ceviche. It's as good as from any Mexican restaurant, if not better. I finished it off with green tea ice cream, which was soooo good.
2	The food is really good. However, the service could use some improvement. It felt like the server lacked people skills. Otherwise everything else was decent.
5	My husband and I stopped in for lunch one day.  We were surprised at the large selection.  Everything we had was delicious.  The service was excellent.  They kept the table cleared and drinks filled.  We will definitely go back..
5	Love the buffet w/ valuable price
5	Best buffet I've had. Large selection and very yummy. Highly recommended.
1	The service is horrible and the food is even more terrible. We complained about the food quality and asked to speak to a manager, and the first question the waiter asked us was "Do you guys have enough money to pay?" We replied, "yes," and the waiter told us they could give us about 10%-15% off, and when he came back he said we could only give us $1 off...on a $50 bill! The food was terrible, and the employees were absolutely terrible. I would NOT recommend this place to my worst enemy.
4	This is a buffet, they have everything from Chinese & Japanese food (including sushi).  For a buffet it was a really good place.  The service was good & it is close to where I live.
2	Everything is pretty elegant and neat. The food is okay, not the best. It lacked flavor and was messy. Another thing is they need to keep the buffet clean. I tried serving my self some food and couldn't because of all the unplaced bins of food in  the way. The workers are nice but i think some are quite rude and lazy.
4	Probably one of the better Asian Buffets I've been too.  The selection is great and the food is good for buffet quality.   I hope people who give the negative reviews about the quality of the foods realize it is just a buffet, not a 5 star restaurant and that you pretty much get what you paid for.  For the price, I think its unbelievable. But don't go on holidays haha,  they charge way more.When I eat here, I always leave feeling 100 lbs more because when I see all the foods to chose from, I cover my plate edge to edge.
2	I guess for a cheap asian buffet this place isn't too bad.The place is pretty big and is always packed, so me and my boyfriend decided to try it out one day, he is a huge fanatic of little buffet places. The food was alright, but nothing special. The sushi was honestly kind of gross, and that's typically all I eat at places like this so I was pretty bummed. Service isn't too bad, the servers always make sure your drink cups are filled and there are never any dirty tables or dishes near you. However.. fast forward to the next day.. Both me and my boyfriend had food poising and I'm pretty positive it was from this place. I was so sick I can't even describe it to you. Needless to say, we won't be going back.
4	Runners get ready, set, GO!This is the second time I have been here since they opened. Friendly service and a Huge selection of items with all the extra things like pizza, tacos, chicken wings and then some if you are not in the mood for Chinese. They even one of those Mongolian things where they cook your dish to order included in the price. Nice!Came here with some of the fun bunch Rand H., Robyn N. and Mike C. to enjoy some tasty vittles and a little jabber. We all enjoyed different aspects of this giant buffet. Each of us had different things on our plates as we came back to the table. It was fun and I was full when we left.Great value for what you can eat without having to think about what to order. Just fill up your plate and go back as many times as you want. Hot sauces are also available to kick things up a notch if you wish.Place gets really busy and recommend getting there before the massive crowd of flesh eating zombies bouncing around like an old Pachinko game arrive. Enjoy!
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I know that may be harsh, and I don't mean to offend anyone but this place seriously needs a visit from the health dept. The food here is mediocre at best and the best food here is the processed foods. The Mongolian cook never cleared the grill between meals and didn't cook them anywhere near in order. I saw him pick food out of the trap and put it on the dish that he served to a customer! After I saw that, I knew I had better stay away from the sushi, right next to the Mongolian grill. It didn't appear that he was even remotely trying to cook the food in any kind of order.  I was first in a line of 6 people who brought their food to him to cook, but I received my food last. LAST. The place is dark and dingy and looked mid-evil, it doesn't look like the place had been DEEP cleaned since this place was a steak house...but the last straw was when I went to use the men's room (which I had to do before I left the place considering what I had just eaten here) the only lights in the men's room were above the sinks, the toilets were in a separate area...and they were lit by BLACK lights...! Is this a reference to the food you consume here???
1	I took my 3 kids here, spent $40 and regretted every dollar! We won't be returning. There's much better buffets in town, I definitely don't recommend this one.
4	3 1/2 stars rounding up to 4 for a better than average selection of Chinese and American foods.Had lunch here a few weeks ago with our regular lunch bunch, Rand, Mike and Mark.  The best part of this buffet is that it's very busy for lunch so the food gets rotated pretty quickly and isn't sitting in the troughs very long.  Funny that the best thing I ate was labeled House Bread, which were little muffins filled with ham and cheese.  So so good!  The other selections were pretty good, nothing to greasy and plenty of meat and seafood options.  I was really looking forward to their Mongolian BBQ but found too many other things that looked good and I was full.I really did not like the lighting in this place. They use fluorescent lights and just did nothing for the atmosphere and I found it really made the experience less than what it could be.  It just bugged me, although no one else at our table seemed to care.I'm sure we'll be back at some point in our lunch/buffet rotation!
4	$9.99 for dinner and even on the weekends is freaken awesome!!! Ok so this buffet doesn't have the typical crab legs and the sushi isn't all that great but their price is well worth it for their dishes.The Asian dishes they have here look like normal buffet dishes but they are so much better! Everything tastes really good when u eat it.They even have raw oysters here which I love! Before when I went here, their shrimp cocktail was peeled but now they have a different shrimp cocktail that has the skin on and looks a bit different. I liked the old shrimp better. Their sushi isn't authentic and you can tell its been sitting out for a while. I usually don't eat much of it.The service is great though and they're very attentive. I like coming to this buffet often because dinner is only ten bucks and it includes great dishes, raw oysters, and crawfish which is worth it to me. They also have great low mien and american BBQ ribs that I like.The reason I give it 4 stars is because I always have to ask them to refill some of their trays but that's the only down side. Everyone should eat here!!!
2	The food was ok. I came before when they had just opened and food was great, now they've gotten comfortable and lazy. The "Mexican food" you can tell had been sitting for a while, some trays were empty while others were cold. I stuck to the lo mein, orange chicken, and sweet and sour chicken the whole time because those seemed like the only things being replenished regularly. Getting ice cream is a pain when it's low. If I ever come back it'll be during the dinner rush when the food is fresh I'll assume. I did come about 5pm on a Wednesday.
4	This place is one of the better cheap Chinese/Korean buffets.  One of the few places I have been where all the food seemed like it was made today and not leftovers from yesterday if you know what I mean.  Some of the dishes were actually interesting like the baby octopus with bell peppers and jalapeno peppers.  They had oysters on the half shell, while not freshly shelled they were tasty and in good condition. They standard whole fried shrimp were excellent compared to other Asian buffets.  The beef ribs were surprisingly tender even if they used bottled BBQ sauce, I like bottled BBQ sauce anyway.  The char shu flavored pork ribs were fresh and tasty too.  While none of the sushi wowed me, they were better than other buffets. For $12 with an ice tea, this place is priced right for me to return, especially after I work out and it is also close to my Fairfield Inn almost within walking distance.
2	Maybe it was because we went for a late lunch, and the salad and 'fresh' buffet items (sushi!)  were not so 'fresh'..... overall I was not impressed by the food and would not recommend this place to anyone.  On the brighter side the staff was very attentive and pleasant.
3	Food is fine if you get there around lunch/dinner time...it can get a bit crowded around those times, but nothing to worry about since it's got plenty of space to move around...The thing i didn't like was that the floor was a bit sticky...Waiters are friendly and stopping by every now and then to make sure everything is ok on the table...
5	Over the years many have come and gone. have been there every day a the week mostly in the evening. The selection is equal to and greater than most. The food is equal to and better than most Chinese Buffets. Having been there many times i not only appreciate the food but also the friendliness of most staff. While they do not have crab's legs or frog's leg they more than make up for it with variety and consistency. Place that did have the one of te two items are no longer in business.For roughly $11.00 per person and people taking advantage with crab's legs they are wise not to offer. The grill is good, as is the sushi along with Mexican, American plus pizza. The place is simple and people of all varieties seem to enjoy the restaurant.I gave five stars for pleasant staff, clean restaurant, modest price, huge variety and would give the food four stars if there was a divional rating system.
1	the food here was nasty the service was bad and the girl i guess who was mgr. who had no name tag was rude. my brother told her 2 kids and 3 adults including myself and they charged him for an extra adult for my neice who is 10 gnna b 11 in feb. an extra 11.00 and then on top of that asked my brother r u her father what professional in the restaurant insults some1 like that in the food service industry. wld not recommend this place to my worst enemy on top of that we all got diardiarrhea from their buffet of they're food full of msg. also will b calling the better business bereau bad service and nasty msg food all the way around. While visiting in Az this location is on alma school rd. And southern.
1	While I was at this establishment, the place was very dirty. Employees where scarce. The restrooms were nasty.  Only 1 stale had a half roll of toilet paper in it. An employee came in and used the restroom and did not wash her hands. I left shortly thereafter. When checking out the lady running the register had no idea on what I meant by splitting the check. I  also informed her of the employee who hand not washed her hands. She just looked at me and said I can't do anything about that. I asked for a manager and she just turned around and started talking in Chinese to another employee as if she could careless about my experience.On my way home I had to pull over and throw up. I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE!!
2	The boyfriend and I had passed this place on a bus so many times, we decided to give it a shot. We read some Yelp reviews first, and flipped a coin on it. With a million choices, something is bound to be good... right? We weren't expecting gourmet, just an average quality cheap buffet. Well, the oranges were good and the orange chicken was pretty tasty. Everything else was cold, and kind of gross to be honest.. I read someone say that the bread was their favorite, with ham and cheese inside. I got one, with high hopes. It was a greasy little bread bowl filled with mayonnaise, ham, cheese, and corn... Gross. I honestly can't understand why this place was so busy. Also, there's signs on the buffet that say "you will be charged extra if you over waste food". Which would be fine, but what's considered over waste? I did get my belly full, but it wasn't a happy belly by any means. I ended up getting sick when I got home. As for service, when we first walked in we just got stared at for about 20 seconds by numerous servers before anyone came up to seat us. We had to have a stack of dishes before they'd take anything. They did refill the drinks quickly, though. Next time, we're just going to the mall for cheap food.
3	Nothing special about this buffet, but it satisfies a craving if you are running low on $$$Food is good, desserts are good too. Cons- how the staff just goes ahead and gives you the fortune cookies and your bill after like half an hour, makes me feel like Im getting kicked out....
4	Food is pretty good just what u expect from a Chinese buffet.. The sushi isn't sushi Japanese restaurant quality but is better than most buffets I've been to they have 10-12 different types of rolls ... The grill is pretty good aswell have a variety of veggies,meats and noodles ... Keep in mind this is a buffet and u won't get restaurnat quality food but for a buffet i think it's pretty good :)
4	The service cost them a star! I don't know if they were understaffed or what...the dumplings were the best I have had and the coconut chicken was yummmm!!! I will definitely be back!!!
2	One word: GREASY. The meat and vegetable dishes are so soaked in oil that you can't even taste the food anymore. Sushi is crap, and nothing on the buffet line seemed freshly made. I guess for 10.59 you get what you pay for. Better off buying a good piece of steak and cooking it at home. The only thing I enjoyed eating was fresh fruit and dessert
4	Pleasantly surprised how good the selection of food was for the price of $10 on sunday. Can't beat that price for what you get here..They have the mongolian grill where they cook your noodle fresh and you can put whatever meat and veggies you want.
1	gross. I hate to write bad reviews...but this place is just not my place to be. bad quality of food for sure.
4	It's close to our home and the food is generally pretty good. I like the sushi and the orange chicken the best. the only thing I don't like about the place is most of the staff is not very friendly and the prices seem to be going up a little more each time we go in.
3	When experiencing a new buffet, I put a bite of each promising thing on my plate, then return for more of what I like, so as to take only what I know I will eat.I'll just give you my notable points, since I'm not a huge fan and there's no WOW factor, but there were a few interesting redeeming points above the mediocrity.- Many Mexi-centric items due to the neighborhood demographic.- Sushi area and stir fry area. Good representative items but not WOW.- 2 kinds of ceviche, small octopus and shrimp.- Build your own taco! Screw you Taco Bell, I'm piling on the cheese WELL BEYOND your little cupcake sprinkles you call cheese, and I'm adding more than your requisite four tomato bits. No sour cream / crema that I could see though. Maybe it's somewhere else and I missed it.- Stuffed crab shells are fun and yummy. However be careful as the shell is thin and you don't want bits in your mouth.- There were these little bread things with artichoke dip topping that were good!- Peel n eat shrimp are decent size.- Peel n eat crawdads were OK, a little grey but good size.- Chicken wings were totally BLAH. PLAIN.- Oysters. I tried one and didn't like it. They're large but tasted weird and I spat it out. Maybe YOU try it. I've had oysters of a different shape before somewhere else and they tasted better.- Chicken stuffed mushrooms were delicious.- Teriyaki beef with mushroom was kinda good but not WOW.- Teriyaki chicken was standard good.- There was duck meat but it was kinda blah. My German mother cooks better duck. Watch out for bones, be careful.- Cheese wontons dunked in sweet n sour sauce are a guilty indulgence of mine and this place didn't disappoint.- Lots of fresh fruit and dessert things! LYCHEE FRUIT!I was amazed and had some with my ice cream.Plate take away was prompt but not my water refill.I think they charge for soda not water.Weekends is full dinner price - mine came out to $11.50 or so total, but you get EVERYTHING. Bottom line - I won't be back, I'd rather go to Lin's for the money!However this could be the best buffet in Mesa.
2	when this location opened,  I was pretty pleased to have it so close to home.  The first couple of visits were decent.  Fast service and always seemed on top of refilling our drinks. (even before we were finished) Their selection is really not all that great.  Their lo mein is very very bland and I recommended adding a lot of soy sauce for any type of flavor.Their baked salmon is questionable and is usually over cooked.  I think it has a dill sauce over it which was not very good.  I mainly stick to their sauteed mushrooms and spicy chicken.  Some of their other dishes like the teriyaki chicken and most of their beef dishes are a bit greasy and sadly, that is all you taste...grease. I'm done with this place and am looking for another Chinese buffet close to home that is at least somewhat satisfying.Oh and almost $11 for lunch on the weekend is a joke.
4	Not a great buffet but the best one (for the $) I've found since moving to the area. Better selection than any of the others around and very economical.
2	Disappointing.  Too many selections that don"t belong in a Chinese Buffet.  Food is barely passable and is poorly seasoned.  Too bad.
2	My fiance and I were attracted to this location because the price was not too bad for a buffet. This is about the only reason I am giving it 2 stars. All the food looked/tasted very dry and old even for it being not to late in the day. Never thought that I would see the day with a Chinese buffet would have tacos, if I would even call them that.  Not all was bad, the orange chicken and the "sushi" was ok. Just not worth it, not coming back. :(
1	Egads! We have been waiting for a good time to try Hibachi Grill Super Buffet, hoping to experience a new and tasty oriental buffet. We walked in tonight and were amazed at the huge number of buffet tables, Wow I though this is going to be good...Problem is that this is not an oriental buffet. It is a buffet with some oriental style food like products displayed upon luke warm to cool buffet tables. Nothing, not one single thing had the look, feel or flavour of real food.I know that buffet restaurants are designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator, but this place is working hard at reaching a new low and it's not even very inexpensive; 2 dinners and 2 sodas was $27.00!!! For this sort of money I can find real food all over this valley.Do your self a favour, eat someplace else.(Oh by the way; in Arizona in the middle of summer a restaurant really needs to have AIR CONDITIONING!! Not big groups of fans! Hibatchi Grill Super Buffet is NOT worth your time or money.)
4	Still good tho it may need more improvement in time but still good food and alright services.
3	Wide variety of food.  Normal buffet food (chicken with broccoli, lo mein, fried rice, pizza, wings, teriyaki sticks, etc.) with a Mongolian bbq grill and decent sushi.  Lots of dessert choices.  Overall a great amount of variety for a reasonable price.  Large room, plenty of tables.
3	Good food, Large selection, Wide variety.  Busy location.  Attentive staff. I think we would return if in the area again. The cleanliness could use some attention however it was a very busy time.
3	As far a chinese buffets go, I'm not sure 5 stars is possible.  however this place did pretty well.  a lot of offerings including mongolian grill and ok sushi.  the place was clean and staff was fairly attentive.  I did have to go through 3 servers to find one that actually spoke English to ask a question.  if around there I would go back.
2	I've been to this place twice. The first time my brother got food poisoning; the second time, my dad and I got food poisoning. I really enjoyed the food, but my stomach didn't agree. Maybe it was cooked wrong or the sea food was bad, either way I won't be coming back again.
4	I decided it was time to review this place after having eaten here at least 10 times by now. Let's start with the menu. Now I have tried numerous buffets around town, and I have rarely been compelled to try seafood at one. I consider buffets a risk ... but I get my fish and sushi here without incident. I love the baked salmon, and yes, it can be used up sometimes... but I've always been able to wait until my next trip up to see if there's a fresh one. Today I tried their garlic shrimp... it was quite good as well. The sushi was very good, and there was a lot of variety today. The Kimchee was kickin' too.So today I saw beef short ribs and tried one. It was spectacular! Very tender and flavourful. I also dipped into the broccoli beef, which I love to get a lot more broccoli than the beef... this broccoli is always to die for. I have been able to extract mostly meats, fish, and veggies and leave out the carby noodles and rice when I come here... my daughter can eat vegetarian here... it fills most needs very well.The only reason I only do 4 stars is because I have seen the place dirty before, but not so much lately. I also find the silverware and napkins very cheap and the staff not into communication much. All that said, it's not what my family comes here for, it's the constantly good meal.
