4	A huge bar which is heaving at weekends due to it's cheap booze and grub. Well worth a visit and very cheap compared to surrounding bars on George Street.
3	-1 star for the odor that is like no other once you get downstairs and walk into the corridor that leads to the bathrooms-1 star for the huge ass lines to get a drink at the bar+1 for the mix of people. whether busy or dead you get a good mix of old men, normy norms, possibly hen party, group of suits, all ages and genres, while avoiding the twat crowd that surrounds the standing order- within the worst clubs and most overpriced bars on george street+1 for the massive amounts of condiments in bowls everywhere-1 cause the food is meh at best. +1 cause its cheap.+1 cause its cheap-1 cause i think they dont clean the tap tubes or lines or whatever cause everyone in my group, including yours truly who had been drinking pints, and not excessively, had some serious ass issues and undeserved hangovers the next day.+1 cause i dont know many people in this city but whenever im there i see someone i know and actually am happy to see+1 they have a student night that is cheap as fuck. im thinking its monday but am not sure+1 cause its so effing huge its easy to get a table+1 cause pretty every bus number will take you within two blocks of this place-1 cause if you stay late you will never get taxis home with all the crap shit ass clubs nearby
2	Massive pub in middle of office/shop land which has low prices and lots of drink promos.... So guess what? It's packed most days...with a variety of different 'characters', but often filled with very bevied lassies in pelmet skirts and their spotty escorts....do they sell buckfast on tap here?Never dared try the food but you can smell the chip fat from half way down George street.Ok place for a cheap beer but plenty others nearby that will offer better atmosphere for a few pennies more...have a look along Rose Street, or better still Thistle Street!
3	This is a Wetherspoons pub so you probably know what to expect price wise and food wise. But what makes its special is that it is an old bank, with a real bank vault. Its a stunning building on the inside if you take a moment to admire the original features. However as its so huge, it really lacks atmosphere. It feels like it isn't making the best of what could be a fantastic bar. As its cheap and on George Street, no matter what night you go its going to be extremely busy. If there is a big football match on, then its going to be even busier. It gets very crowded and there isn't enough seats so you'll probably have to stand. And you will probably queue at the bar for a long time too. Its not great, but its worth having a peek to look at the impressive building.
1	The only thing keeping this place in busniess is the fact that it's part of the Wetherspoons's chain. And it's an insult to perfectly good Wetherspoon's pubs at that.I went in not so long ago, having drunk in here regularly for the past 3 years since I moved to Edinburgh, carrying a big bag. I'd just got off a train and was meeting some friends, but the manager at the door said I couldn't take my bag into the bar in case I had my own booze stashed away.What...?!It does beg the question that if I wanted to get pissed for free why wouldn't I have just met my firends back in my flat? But the manager who was supervising the door that night insisted that I leave my bag at the door with him. Despite him promising that I could get it back from him at the end of the night, come 1am I couldn't find him - or anyone else willing to help me. I naively thought I'd call back in during the week and collect it, only when I did no-one seemed to know anything about it. First of all, the manager who was working on the day that I called in tried to insist that I'd already collected it, then when it became clear that I hadn't he tried to deny that he'd ever known anything about the bag.Yes, it's a Wetherspoon's, so it's cheap. But it's by far the worst bar the you could find in Edinburgh's city centre. Even if you don't really care about my rant, I'd bet you any money you'll not even be able to find anywhere to sit after you've waited at the bar for at least 20 minutes.
3	This place gets a lot of stick. And truthfully, I can see why.It's a bit shabby, it has no atmosphere, the service is terrible, and the carpet is sticky. Yum.But lets not forget it's good points. Firstly, there is always a mixed group of people in here, so it's never uncomfortable to be sat with a gruop or even by yourself. The pub itself is a weatherspoons, so over all you know what you will be getting. The drinks re cheap and plentiful and the food isnt half bad, infact I rather like it.The most impressive thing however, is that Standing Order used to be a bank, and it still has some of its original features - including a very impressive vault door, which is worth a look.A decent pub, with a few flaws, but at least you know what you are getting.
2	A close friend of mine moved to Brazil a few years back to brush up on her Portuguese and for some reason she chose Standing Order to go for leaving drinks. She isn't a Wetherspoons kind of gal and I was shocked when I met her here as this place is as standard as a bar can get. I can only assume that she chose this as a safe bet to ensure that the big group she had invited got in. As previous reviewers have mentioned this place has absolutely no atmosphere and your feet literally stick to the floor which just isn't good especially when you've gone to the effort of putting on nice shoes.It was a Saturday night on my visit and this place was jumping, we had to queue for a good 20 minutes at the bar and we were lucky as a big group to find seats together. It wasn't particularly cheap either and there are a bunch of much nicer bars very close by so I'd recommend going anywhere but here.Heck, it's a Wetherspoons so you know what to expect - but don't panic if you get lost on your trek to the toilets, I did.
3	As much as it's easy to slate Wetherspoons, one thing I'll say for it is that it is one of the few pubs well you'll find a genuinely broad cross-section of people. Suits, students, dressed up, dressed down, tourists, the unemployed. All will likely be in here, the biggest, most crowded pub I have ever seen, at any one time.Unfortunately, I tend not to like people, or crowds, so I find this place a bit too intense.
2	I'm sorry, I don't get it. I really, really don't get it.This place is a haven for rugby lads, Stag doo's, hen parties and general drunken louts (myself included). Thus, it really isn't anything special! That's the thing, I don't realise why I always end up here!'Let's go to spoons!''The order is in order!''All stand!'these are just some examples of the things you over-hear on a night out. It draws in the crowds! But it's skanky, dirty and smelly. It sort of has a childish charm about it. The food is pretty rough too - greasy pub food. And drinks are surprisingly expensive!Despite all this, as I say it always attracts the crowds! But don't expect anything special!
2	If you where to explain the Standing Order to a friend, you'd no doubt mention the grand ceiling, cheap drinks and other interesting features of the 'old bank' conversion.For the most part these features seem attractive and yet the Standing seem to mess it all up time and time again. You'll find the same rowdy crowd, terribly watery beer and dull lifeless atmosphere (helped by lack of music) here. Judging by some of the other anecdotes (Fiona's in particular) the Standing Order just gets worse and worse the more you hear about it.
3	A bang average Spoons. With this chain you know what you're going to get, and The Standing Order doesn't disappoint. The only difference between this and all the others is the building itself; it is absolutely enormous and really nice inside - especially the ceiling. It is the jewel in Standing Order's crown, but apart from that doesn't really have that much to offer.The bar is massive, with a really good selection of drinks which are pretty cheap, but what you'd expect from a Spoons. The food is really cheap as well, but massed produced and not that good.During the day it's not too busy so is okay to pop in for a few drinks after a bit of shopping on Princes / George St. During the evenings though, or on weekends it is absolutely rammed, normally with groups of lads and to be honest slags, and its best avoided, especially as it will take ages to get served.
4	my experiences of the Standing Order have contrary to others on here, have actually been pretty good. I have been here on numerous occasions, and like all Wetherspoons, you know what you are going to get, and although it may be on George Street (although you can access it from Rose Street as well), you know it isn't going to be fancy by any stretch of the imagination.The pubs interior is pretty cool, it has a huge ceiling and there is a huge safe that still remains and pays tribute to its previous use as a bank.Although I have read Fiona's story and it is shocking, I am only reviewing on my past experiences and I have found it to be reasonable, I come here for some cheap food and drink, they serve it to me, I watch the footie with my mates, no one bothers me, I leave happy!
4	An Edinburgh Wetherspoons. I have written a lot about Glasgow Wetherspoons. I ask that you heed the same advice. Wetherspoons are the McDonalds of the pub world. No music, there is cheap booze and food. This is not a complaint but a disclaimer. If you need a place to have a quick pint with pals or a place for larger groups, Wetherspoons are the answer. Booze at decent prices but the atmosphere of a fast food joint. But don't expect to impress visiting friends with a JDW booze discount and a Thursday Night Curry Special.That advice stands. This is not as place to impress friends or visitors.What it does - it does well. Serves booze in various formats - fast and cheap. Centrally located, Standing Order does what it says on the tin. Unless they changed the marketing speak recently. It is not the place where you will have your best night ever. It is a reasonable corporate pub that serves booze to a lot of people. That is not a bad thing when the surrounding places are packed out. Find some shelter  - and alcohol - in here. BTW - take a look around - these old banks are flipping gorgeous.
3	You know what? I always think this place is going to be so much more Grand than it actually is... High ceilings, nice front entrance. But.. really its all the same really when you get inside. I have no problems with whetherspoons.. but it is just...wetherspoons. cheap booze, and a warm place to pop into if you just want any pub! I usually come here when I'm done/tired with my high street shopping and just want a good tall pint! I know i'll come back, to be fair its one of my favourite wetherspoon pubs. Although.. i won't necessarily be counting down the days! Oh.. clean bathrooms though! woohoo.
2	So I've been here a few times. Each time, I feel like I might figure it out. I might just figure out why people keep coming back (myself included I suppose) but really...I don't get it.The place is nice, I mean the idea of the place is nice. It used to be a bank so the interior is awesome and I would go there just to see the inside, but the bar and everything else is just...sad. I mean, the building is huge enough that it could have it's own stage inside to play live music or something but, no, there isn't even music playing over speakers. I guess banks don't have speakers. This place is always packed, though, so I feel like I am missing something. Maybe there is some secret codeword to get into the vault in the back and then you can really party it up...maybe?
2	I've lived in Edinburgh now for a decade, and have only been in the Standing Order twice...I think that's quite enough! The interior is stunning, spacious and there is so much scope for it to be really fine establishment (see The Dome along the road!), but instead it's jam packed full of the most annoying crowd of drunken women, leery guys and rude people! On a weekend night, there is nigh on no hope of finding a seat, and the bar is usually 5 folk deep. When we left, the bouncer was fighting with a drunk guy outside while his girlfriend screamed at the both of them, some under-agers were trying their best to convince the other bouncer they were over 18 and a bunch of boozy lads were trying to pick up girls with rubbish banter...enough said!If you want extremely cheap food, drink and Hendricks Gin & Tonic served in a half pint lager glass, with a slice of lemon instead of cucumber (extremely disappointing...Hendricks is my favourite AND the only time I eat cucumber!),  then this is probably the best place to go, otherwise, I'd head elsewhere!
3	It's a Wetherspoon. Enough said.Had the Chili Con Carne, was nothing FANTASTICABALEULOUS however was hot, hit the spot and filled me up :)
4	My experience at the Standing Order was good. Maybe because it was my first entry, but I was impressed by the place, a kind of noble hall, large as a 9 aside football pitch, high decorated ceilings, and plenty of cheerful people. Cosy and warm inside. We went in on a cold Thursday night (c. 9:30pm) and were lucky to find a free bench. We only took some usual drinks. I could observe some chips and burgers hoovering above the hands of waiters, so there is food option here. The bar was large, and served by a good number of barmen (and bar-lasses), so it did not take ages to be served. I did not paid much attention on the prices because I went straight to a 3x RUM and the prices were from 2.09 (McKRaken) to 2.99. I did not locate any particular drink deals, though at a glance, I thought that the prices were reasonable.  I felt no foul play with the crowd, though I have not been deep inside the mass since our table was at the perimeter. So far so good...However, being so large, I had to shout so that my furthest friend (about 3m away) could listen me at the other side of the table, and I had difficulty to understand some conversations simply because of the high level of noise there was from the mass. So maybe it's not ideal for a big bunch of gangsters to plan a theft or a brood of chicks to share their passion stories. While (I assume!) that for small groups (1)2-4 heads, it would be a great place, also because being crowded, you may get a better chance to find amusement (in fact there was a group of sexy lasses which I can define very well) or the partner of your life (who knows!).For today, 4 rounded points/X\arZ
3	A great place for cheap drinks and food.  2 burgers and 4 pints were only about 16 pounds.  The food was a bit above average pub fare and the beers were great.  Many guest taps were on offer; however, many were empty.  Big bonus: There were 2 TVs on the wall in the main that were playing soccer.Big bonus: There was no background music.Con:  Tons and tons of people fit into this place (evidently it used to be an old bank), and hence is super crowded and very noisy.I was there on a Friday evening with a co-worker and we were very quickly served our burgers (order @ bar, served at table).
4	I dont understand the low reviews. The place is dope. Cheap drinks cheap food whats not to like. The place is set in an old bank so the decor looks super dope. There is a high ceiling and the walls and tables are all oldschool. The place can get pretty packed and hard to get a table. The tables are just scattered everywhere so goodluck. I hate that you order at the bar for everything. Im not used to these uk standards. For games they pull down the huge projector and screen off tvs as well. The place is sick! Ive had their breakfast and the regular burger here which was pretty average but you dont really come here for the food. I like this place.
2	The Standing Order Wetherspoons Bar on George Street is cheap. This for many a relief as George Street is expensive. In my view it shouldn't be on George Street - it would be so much better fitting on Princes Street.  It is also big, crowded and extremely noisy due to all the sound is bouncing around the high ceilings and of the bare walls. The main drinking hall has neon strip lighting and keeps every area well lit. I usually avoid going here as  by paying a little bit more money for a pint in a different bar I actually will be able to talk with my fellow drinkers on the same table without having to resort to shouting.Also I prefer a bar with atmosphere, like background music, a little bit of decoration on the walls and comfortable corners and dimmed lights. - all of this that is missing in this Weatherspoon (if not all of them). Yes, the beer is cheap. Yes, the food is adequate (and cheap)Yes, there is plenty room for all your footie mates and hen/stag party without having to make a reservation. Yes, you can actually afford to buy about 2-3 rounds for all of your friends from Uni and still have some change for those bathroom polo mints, when you have pulled that 'sexy one'. Only when you don't mind having to queue ages for those cheapo rounds, sometimes 3 persons thick alongside that really big S-curved bar. And that 'sexy one' you pulled is clearly a result of cheap lager you both consumed in copious amounts. Joking aside, this place is collecting a certain demographic of drinkers, yes drinkers, I don't see why anyone would like to go here and only drink soft drinks. It collects drinkers like flies to a honeypot - did I mention they serve cheap lagers?It is about volume, cheapness and certainly no overheads, and these Wetherspoon places know how to maximise and profit from this. (That is likely why there is no music -it is very very expensive to have a full PPL music & TV licence in a public house and the bigger the place the more it costs..) The food is of an average quality, cheap and err.. cheap deals with the cheap lager (you see a pattern emerging here). Nothing exciting and nothing special. It will fill your stomach and will not offend (apart from when it is brought back up after too many beers...) Burgers, Curries and Bangers. Food that will sound the same whether you order it in a drunken slur or shouting it sober over the table . Food that substantiates you, so you can drink more. As more or less mentioned by another reviewer - this is McD disguised as a bar. Now that is quite an accurate description, as I do not frequent McD either for similar reasons. And I guess that the aformentioned demographic WILL visit McD for those same reasons too.Sure, on the surface there is nothing essentially wrong with their concept, perfectly acceptable, but that is also my main reason why I choose not to like it because I am a local looking to have a good time, not acceptable, good. Not compromised by pricing and  and not just looking for a cheap booze up.
4	This place was ok.  It's located on George Street, which was super busy when we stopped in.  Despite being in a main shopping area, and probably a touristy area, the prices were fairly reasonable.  I love the statue of the man at the back of the pub.  Patrons and staff were fairly nice also.  I can't complain.It's a large bar, and very busy, and noisy as a result, but I think that's to be expected when it's full of people.
3	Its a wetherspoons so you know what you are getting, food was tasty and cheap enough, drink was cheap and the service was quick.  the interesting thing however was the location and the inside of the building.  Its clearly been a bank in its day as you ahve the old style chubb safe door up the back which just looks as if its dying to be opened.  This place scored more on cleanliness and service than other wetherspoons however which is good.  The only thing i can fault them on is its a bit of a maze to get to their toilets.Failing that though its a nice wee place for a quick drink or to recharge the food batteries!
3	This Wetherspoons is housed in an enormous former bank building, made obvious as we took a seat by the giant vault door!  What was on the other side of said door?  I fear I shall never know, and I'm ever so curious.  The building itself is impressive, with lovely architecture and pretty mouldings on the ceiling to draw the eye.  I do love a stunning building. ^^In spite of being pretty massive in square footage, the place was heaving with people traffic - and we were in on a Sunday afternoon!  That usually means that a pub is doing something right.  Unfortunately, it looks as though whomever put the layout together decided they'd cram as many tables as possible as close together as they possibly could.  This wasn't just in the main area, this was in all the nooks and crannies and wee rooms that adjoin each other.  It must be bedlam to be a member of the waiting staff in there, almost a circus act when trying to dodge certain tables to get to another!  That's what it felt like trying to get to a vacant table at any rate.  There was also a curious maze of stairs and passages to get to a toilet, which I'm sure after someone's had one too many pints they might have a bit of trouble making it in time!!Anyway, all the standard Wetherspoons grub was available, and the service was very good indeed (in spite of the staff no doubt somersaulting to get to us).  My Highland Burger was very tasty, piled high with haggis and onion rings, and came with a wee gravy boat of whiskey sauce which I split between the burger and my chips.  But at the end of the day, it just felt like a Wetherspoons with nothing special to stand it out from the crowd.  I could have been in the Counting House in Glasgow for all I knew!Great stop for cheap and easy pub grub and reasonably priced boozamahol, but probably not a place to spend a whole night out.
3	Didn't try the food here - was standing room only when I showed up to investigate and see what they had to order. Sure do have the best prices on drinks in the area, as far as I could tell. Was waited on fairly quickly as I pushed my way up to the bar. Very neat place seeing as it used to be a bank and all. I was a bit put off by not being able to secure a seat and having to nurse my drink at the bar, but I suppose that's to be expected when you have some of the best drink prices in the are. Get there early to secure a good spot!
4	The Standing Order is a nice place for drinks and food in Edinburgh. It is located right in the city centre, easy to find and reach. It's a huge place with lots of place to sit. This is good on the one hand as it makes it easier to find a proper place to sit also in the evenings when the pub is usually very crowded. But on the other hand this also makes it less cosy. I still like to go there as you get good quality food for little money. They also often have specials, like curry evenings, and meal deals. The selction of drinks is also very good. The staff is nice and friendly and you don't have to wait very long to be served.
3	Big place, quieter table in the front room facing the street. Fair price. generous and tasty chips
