5	I recommend them.
5	These guys only charge $50 for a 1 year warranty, provided you have no current termite activity.  I have had termites several times in the past and they still only charge $50 to bring the home under warranty.  So glad to have found them.
5	Called Protection Termite to take care of bees building a hive on my house eave. Steve came out the next morning at 6:00 and quickly took care of the problem. The price was even less than expected. If you need bee removal service I would highly recommend Protection Termite Control.
5	Love these folks for my termite inspections! They do a GREAT job for my buyers and will coordinate their schedules with my home inspector to do all the inspections at once. If a home is clear of termites Protection termite will warranty that home for a year!Highly Recommended!
4	I learned of them as they did a termite inspection for a new home we purchased. Try also gave us a free pest control treatment. We scheduled the treatment which I gave them one less star for because they only work during the week which is hard because we needed to be home.The window was between 9-11 and he was right on time at 11. Did a great job spraying and explaining our homes areas of concern. Seems like a reasonable price for monthly service.  I am not sure if there is contracting involved? We will defiantly consider using them again!
5	We use Protection for our pest control - and I  just found a DEAD scorpion on the sidewalk!  You can't ask for anything better than that! My husband is a contractor and whenever he is asked who he recommends for pest and termite control - he always gives them Protection's number.
5	We use Protection for our pest control and they are awesome!  We got our first pest spray free since they did our termite inspection when we bought our home.  We tried two other pest control services before we used our free service due to a friend's persistent referral and we were not satisfied.  They were always late, overpriced and flaky.  When we scheduled our first visit with Protection, they made a great first impression.  Steve is our technician and he is friendly, punctual and professional.  We haven't had issues with bugs since he has been coming out.  We have seen dead bugs around the house, but nothing breaks the perimeter!  Great price!  Great service! I would definitely recommend!
