4	Today is the second day I've gotten breakfast from downtow's newest fast food establishment. And I can admit, I'm a fan.I really like their biscuits. While I'm generally not a fast foodie, Carl's Jr will be a nice rotation. However, it is oddly located inside US Airways Center.
1	This Carl's Jr blows, we were there for Phoenix Comicon for all 4 days.We went to this Carl's Jr for two days because we were swamped and didn't want to waste too much time on getting full meals to go.The workers there expect you to order the full meals so they don't have to hit multiple buttons when you just want the burger itself. The first time I ordered for me and my group of vendors, the chicken tenders came out dark brown, to the point where if you left it in the fryer any longer, they would have burned. My burgers bun came to me burnt on the inside, but everything else seemed fine, but then again I had ordered meals for the rest while I just got the burger itself.The second day, I ordered a Western Burger without sauce (sis wanted it that way, I have no idea what she was thinking lol), it came to us without sauce but also no burger patty! They had also switched out the chicken tenders I had ordered for someone else with a regular $6 burger (I'm assuming). Luckily the vendors didn't care since they were really hungry and I didn't over-pay on anything since $6 burger is more expensive than the chicken tenders.I honestly have no idea how they could screw up so badly on our orders two times on two different days. Both days they weren't busy, and had enough staff. The second day I think the manager was working (she was the only one wearing regular clothes, not the uniform), and they still managed to screw up our order.So if anyone goes to this place, make sure you double check your order is right, I don't think they can handle huge orders or even the lunchtime rush correctly, and it's a huge shame because I really like Carl's Jr a lot, just not this location.
1	I very rarely give one star reviews but this place is taking forever. it's been 25 minutes from one hamburger!!!
4	Not really big on fast food, but had to try the new Carl's Jr. in our neighborhood.  The signage could use some work...I think most people don't realize it is there and open.  The staff was friendly and the service was quick.  My food was to be expected for a fast food joint...low expectations, so you don't get disappointed.  If I am craving fast food, this will be the go to place since it is so close.  I imagine this place will be packed during sport events, concerts etc.
4	Good staff good food and convenient location for downtown residents. Opens early and stays open late nights. Nice to have them in my neighborhood as an option.
1	This place sucks!!!! Not a full menu available, only limited items. And the employees are pretty darn useless too.
4	This is my favorite location because it is connected to the US Airway Center.
2	Five Guys prices for fast-food that's just above McDonald's quality. I have only eaten at a Carl's Jr. a handful of times in my life and it's probably been about a decade since I last gave this franchise a try. I don't recall thinking it was anything special then, and my opinion probably isn't going to change anytime soon. Carl's Junior serves a pretty big "$6 burger" on a brioche bun. The bun is phenomenal. The burger that's between the slices is mediocre. Splurging on the combo gets customers a bigger drink and more fries than any one human being should ever try to consume. I recommend saving at least a buck and half and skipping the fries, the burgers are big enough to satisfy your appetite.Being attached to the US Airways center gives this location a little bit of a unique feeling. It's a convenient lunch or dinner spot for downtown workers (and the handful of downtown residents). It's also an option as a place to get a bite that's going to be a bit cheaper than whatever you would order at an event inside the arena.
4	I am not a fan of Carls jr. Ever since i tried it in LA. This was the closest fast food in the area so i went to this one not so enthusiastically. This location is attached to the US airways Centre and can be accessed outside. They have another  Carls jr inside but it's smaller. It's bright inside. This location is a decent size,  and the prices are very affordable! There was a covention going on when i went so there was a long line. I don't drink soft drinks so  i was about to order the chicken tenders alone which come with 5 pieces for $4.79. But the combo meal coves with fries and a super large drink for  $5 so i said what the heck I'll just order the combo. Got my order quick, huge chicken tenders really hot. But it was kind of bland so i got the bbq sauce and honey mustard than i was good. But what really impressed me about this place? The staff. That very day, somehow all and i mean ALL the staff working that day were all female. One of them was pregnant too. I was so impressed by their sense of urgency,  awesome quick service and team work. I've never seen anything like it. They weren't rude even if the customers were. Kudos to you ladies. I've never seen an awesomely run fast food place especially by an all female staff!  Thank you for the great service Would recommend and come back because of the experience
