4	Le Pegase is perfect for a romantic date, or even a family gathering. This French restaurant sits on a quiet Mont Royal street, with little to call attention to itself save for the pegasus on its sign.Everything we tasted satisfied, from the duck confit salad - drizzled with a lovely balsamic vinaigrette - to the duck with orange zest (C$40 total), the tender meat[1] done in a homey preparation. Pacing was ideal[2]: in-between courses we enjoyed the bottles of vino we toted in."Merci bien" to the friendly, accommodating service.[1] What can I say? I love duck.[2] Seriously, when can I come here again?
5	Great place with classic French food.  I would highly recommend it for a romantic dinner.
5	A fantastic little place; everyone should have one of these in her neighbourhood.  This is why Montreal is the most attractive city in North America. A restaurant of this caliber is hardly noticed, it's normal.  In the ROC or the USA, it would the best place around and ridiculously pretentious and expensive.  Everything is good.
2	I went to LE Pegase for the first time in 2008. The duck was excellent and so was the ostrich. I loved the experience, the staff and the food. I decided to take my boyfriend there in 2011 and it was probably the worse experience ever. There is no way it's the same chef, the food was just too different. The duck was bathing in a jelly sauce (??) and the ostrich was terrible. The only good thing was the tarte tatin, which was just as good as the first time. I also have to mention that the waiter barely spoke to us that night, will never go back. Considering the high price tag I strongly suggest going to Grenadine instead.
5	While I was a bit taken aback by the Bring Your Own Wine thing (thankfully we realized that just before going there and stopped to get some wine on the way) I was extremely happy with everything else. The food was great as was the service. And unlike most French restaurants in California, portions are more than generous for a very affordable price!I may be wrong but I think it's located in a neighborhood you wouldn't necessarily go to as a tourist (my sister who lives in Montreal brought us there) but I would highly recommend going out of your way to try it out!
5	Wound up here completely by accident.  I can honestly say it's the greatest accident I've ever had.  Intimate atmosphere but lively, great service (didn't hold not speaking French against us) and the food was out of this world.  I would have paid double and still been happy.  Simply amazing.  It's byob so make sure to bring some wine! The foie gras is not to be missed.
5	This place is a little off the beaten path but well worth the trip. It is also good to know that the restaurant (like many in Montreal) has a "bring your own wine" policy which they will happily  open and serve for you. They even offered to chill ours without us having to ask. The owner of the restaurant was greeting people when we arrived and was very gracious throughout the course of our meal. For out-of-towners, there are English menus available and our server as well as the owner were fluent in English and explained all the menu options for the evening very thoroughly to us. Items may be purchased a la carte but the coursed menu is a fantastic bargain for the quality of food you receive. We particularly enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer with grapefruit yogurt and Israeli couscous. The octopus was cooked perfectly. The deer tartar was also wonderful. They had a special rutabaga soup the evening we dined, which was perfect after walking outside in the cold all day. The apple tatin pie was one of the best we've had anywhere, and they also have a cheese plate featuring Quebec cheese on their dessert menu. It's very easy to make reservations on their website  and I would recommend doing so as the dining room is quite small and I'm sure it fills up quickly, especially on the weekends.
5	This is one of the most amazing French restaurants in Montreal. Every time I bring a friend they were very satisfied with the dishes and services. This is bring your own wine restaurant which is amazing.  You can drink champagne or you favorites expensive wine with their excellent dishes the restaurant offers.
5	Phenomenal! Make a reservation and bring your best bottle of wine! From the grilled octopus and Israeli couscous / duck confit ravioli appetizers, to the grilled, marinated bison flank steak... This place has it all, ambience, five star service and an attention to classic French culinary detail that is rivaled by few. Every part of our meal was perfect.. And with a five course pre fixe under $50.. How can you go wrong?  The staff was friendly and every single stage of the meal was perfectly executed. We came here for our anniversary dinner and left with happy tummies and big smiles.Thank you Le Pegase! :)
4	It is very good. One of the best in French restaurant. I wish it has more variety on their menu. The rabbit is very good. Bring your wine.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had in my life! Me and my SO were in Montreal for only a few days and I took him here on a date night. The restaurant just comes up when you're walking down the street and has nothing flamboyant on the outside except for a small sign on the door. It felt like I was just walking into an apartment, but once we walked in, the setup was really cozy and romantic. I didn't have a working phone in Montreal so made the reservations online, only to receive an email from Damien to say they're closed on Mondays! He was very accommodating with our limited time in Montreal. I scored a reservation for Tuesday luckily, although we had to sit outside on the back porch and it was a little toasty when we first got there.We brought our own bottle of wine and as soon as we got there, we were greeted and our wine bottle was placed in a bucket of ice to be chilled. Since we didn't speak much French, we were provided with the English menu which was very considerate. We decided to go for the gourmet menu which was a five course meal. We were first given some fresh bread and dip and the meals came our much faster that we had thought it would. We got some soup, salad, grilled octopus, rabbit stuffed with snail, and bison. Everything was absolutely fabulous. The food tasted great, the service was super fast and the ambiance was very pleasant. Having bought our own wine, the check was just a little over $100 and I think is absolutely worth the money for the taste and quality of food you get. If I ever go back to Montreal, I'll definitely be visiting Le Pegase again. This was definitely the best date night we've had so far. This place is a hidden gem and definitely worth a visit!
5	Such a cute, little French restaurant in Montreal! I came here on a Tuesday with a few family members and shared many bottles of wine. For dinner, I ordered the veal, which was amazingly tender and delicious!I'll definitely come back the next time I'm in Montreal again.
5	Not much I could say that hasn't already been said about this place, but it could be called a "culinary experience" unpretentiously, for sure. Make sure to pick up a bottle of "vin" beforehand though - this restaurant is BYOB.
2	Went with 4 friends, and we shared quite a bit so I got to try most of the menu. The biggest problem across the board was the service. All our questions about the menu were answered with terrible one word answers, so we ended up with many dishes that were nothing like we expected. Best example...when I asked, "What is the 'Stuffed Guinea Fowl Supreme?" The first answer I got was, "It's like a chicken." My next question, "But what is it stuffed with? And what does the 'Supreme' mean?" The response I got was simply, "Dates". That was pretty much how all our conversations with the waitress went. But terrible service aside, the biggest disappointment was the food itself. Nothing was necessarily BAD, but nothing was particularly GOOD or memorable either. They also seem to love their foam machine a little too much. While making cucumber foam, or pea foam is interesting, the textural element was used as more of a novelty than a compliment, as it was used on half the dishes. The meal ended appropriately. When asked, "What's the 'Death by Chocolate'?" The waitress responded, "Mousse". Turned out it was chilled and closer to ice cream. Overall I would have given the meal itself closer to a 3, maybe even 3.5...but such horrible service is inexcusable. They also did not open our wine until we asked, and they placed the white in a bucket, but with NO ICE! Unbelievable...There are far too many good restaurants in Montreal, especially in this price range to waste your time here. Nice ambiance though, the interior designer gets 5/5.
4	Simple, well prepared food. Good atmosphere, good service. Heavier and more traditional than the meal we had at Bouillon Bilk the night before.
