4	I love this place.  I go at least once a month during the winter for pedi's and more often in the summer.  They take their time and really do a good job.  Love the hot rock massage that is included with the pedi.  Kim does great mani's too but their pedis rock.
5	First, it is not fair to go by the first review.  New owners took over within the last year and they are fantastic.  David greats you and makes you feel so welcome and offers you something to drink.  Andy is an absolute perfectionist and artist.  The feel is comfortable, bright and clean.  I have been getting my nails done for over 20 years and have only become a regular at 3 salons.  This one tops my list!  GO!  You won't regret it.
1	Went in for a pedi and a girl named Rosie took my hand and said you need a Mani on a week old fullest of gels she did a week ago. I thought cool $ 15 and she'll fix them since their uneven. I kept asking her why she wants to soak them in actone she claim she had to and as my nails fell off she claims I'm giving you a mani I told her that not what I asked for she refused to talked to me and yelled for David and he said I asked her to remove them. They were both rude and had all the staff looking at me weird. The owner offered to give me a $10 discount of a new set..I paid for my wonderful pedi and left nail less and disappointed.
1	On my first visit, they could do no wrong, on my second visit, it was ok but after my third appointment, I will not go back.  I scheduled a backfill 2 wks in advance with Jimmy.  I showed up for my appt, one of the girls said that Jimmy went to get something to eat.  I asked if we could start on my pedicure while we wait for Jimmy and they accommodated me.  After 1/2 hour, I asked if Jimmy was coming back.  One of the girls brought me a cell phone and Jimmy was calling from a bar, he apologized (I think) and asked if I could come tomorrow.  I told him I was leaving for CA the next day to get married.  He told me one of the girls would do my backfill instead.  One of the girls started to do my backfill while I am still in the pedi chair, awkward and uncomfortable to say the least.  She was trying to do my nails and 2 other people at the same time.  When all was said and done, they charged me $100 for pedi and backfill, only 7 of my fingers were backfilled, the other 3 just filled, my nails were lumpy and thick and I had been there 2 1/2 hours.  I just couldn't wait to get out of there and I won't be back.  They seem nice, but I think when the owner isn't there, they could care less about customer service.
1	HORRIBLE place!!! DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT GO TO THIS SALON!!!! I went there 4 days ago and my fingers are still hurting. Rosie is a nice lady but does not know how to do nails! I paid $100 for a mani,pedi and eyebrow wax. my nails look terrible and she ripped 1/4 of my pinky nail off removing the acrylic set I came in with. I asked her to soak them and she said she couldn't bc it takes too long. After she ripped my pinky off I told her to soak my other set off.  Terrible business practices and horrible nail job.
5	I absolutely LOVE this nail salon . I go every two weeks for a manicure and pedicure .I have been going for years and have NEVER been dissapointed . David and Rosie and the enire team ( love Tina ! ) both treat all their customers like family and make you feel so welcome .The work is inpecadable , the salon clean.. My only regret is I can't go every week .
3	Always good service and friendly but it tends to take a little longer than I like to be done
