5	Angie is a pure pleasure. She has a wide range; she is attentive and knows what to look for.
5	Angie did my make up for my birthday night and it was absolutely amazing she's so much fun and really has an eye for what colors are gonna look great on you.
5	Angie Lum is everything a girl would want from a makeup artist... She is professional, talented, efficient and she is a fantastic conversationalist! Not only did I love how she did my makeup, but I had a great time chatting with her while she worked her magic. If you are about to tie the knot, or just need to look fantastic for a night out on the town, I highly recommend hiring Angie Lum as your makeup artist.
5	Angie is very professional and does amazing work.  You won't regret working with her!
5	Angie is a makeup angel! I have worked with her several times and it is always with great pleasure! Her bright and bubbly personality really forms an amazing vibe to being around her. On top of that the fact that she is a true professional at her craft really makes her a remarkable makeup artist. Aside from making me look fantastic for my photoshoots, she has acute knowledge of skin and has given me some great tips on skincare. Let's just say she goes above and beyond for her customers. I'd recommend her every time!
5	I love working with Angie.  She always has energy, and so much talent!  She's done everything from professional photoshoots to costume makeup for me.  She even made a mask on my face from makeup, beading and some prosthetics.  (It was amazing, nobody could believe it was makeup)  I would refer her to anyone.  You can tell by her bubbly personality and positivity that she loves what she does :)
5	Angie and I collaborated on an awesome shoot -- Mermaid themed! IT was so great! She was at my house ready to go before the sun was even up! She did some amazing makeup, and I have to say that project is one of my best pieces of work I have ever done... couldn't of done it without her! :)-Rachel Carterwww.rachellouisephoto.com
5	Long overdue review... I love Angie. She did my wedding makeup and not only captured what I really wanted but was really professional. She came to my home and really pampered me. I felt and looked gorgeous when she was done. Her techniques are fabulous. I highly recommend her!
