5	I just 'droided myself and I'm not ashamed to admit it:)I got my first cellular telephone in 1985...it took the better part of a day to install in my car, had a total weight of nearly 30 lb's and had to be bought as a separate item and then matched to the cellular provider (in this case McCaw Communications, the predecessor of CellularOne and ATT).It cost more than $1,000 and that cost was surprisingly low compared to the Motorola "banana" phone I got a year later (a "pocket phone" if you had pockets that could accommodate a 3 lb., 12" x 5" phone:)It was wonderful...I could talk and do business whether I was in my car, on my boat, out skiing or playing golf, in another city (all I had to do was pack my charger and spare battery...another 10 -12 pounds:)I stayed with ATT until 2007 when my patience with poor signal and poor service finally ran out...that's right 22 years of patience...I'm like a camel of patience, apparently:)I switched to Verizon and have never looked back:)The first set of phones were state of the art a couple of years ago and the Beautiful Carin and I were very happy with them (in fact, my girl is now the queen...or maybe the crown princess...of texting...so fast! :)Coverage was and is excellent (3G everywhere:)It was time for my "new every 2" upgrade from Verizon, and I 'droided myself and Carin...no I didn't get any on anyone else:)My kids all have iPhone's (and they think they are so much cooler than the old man), but I may have the last laugh...25,000 'droid apps and growning (all but a couple of dozen are free:)...much better coverage than ATT, access to all that crazy google stuff (even Doc's,  Voice and Wave work on the 'droid:)Constant updates (I just got a text that Verizon will update the eris 'droid to android 2.0 in January:), and knowledgeable, organized and pleasant people whenever I go into one of their stores for accessories and what have you:)Service was excellent, the upgrade was dead easy, and the phones were free...yup...free, and you know how I like a free 'droiding :-)
1	Sold me the world's worst phone without telling me the Droid was comming out in 2 weeks. Stuck with a Samsung SEGA for another 6 months. Does all tech stuff great. Sucks as a phone. Can't hear, drops calls repeatedly, (could be Verizon's Network too). I can't wait to get rid of it and possible Verizon too.
2	I've been a customer for over 5 years and feel Verizon has a long way to go when it comes to customer service. I hate to give anyone a bad review but after the problems I've had at that store and the amount of time I had to spend to correct them, I have to pass it along.Had a Blackberry that was replaced 4 times in 6 months. RIM told me the design was problematic and they were telling people to get a replacement with a newer model. Not naming names but I had one girl tell me my phone wasn't broken and to "come back when it's really broken" then another gave me completely incorrect information and that's just on 2 of 46 visits I made regarding that phone.I finally had to file a complaint with the FCC for fraud because I was paying for service on a phone that didn't work. It was then that I was contacted by a corporate rep. They have an entirely different attitude and capability working with people. In the store I have been treated so poorly that I refuse to step foot in there ever again. I have found the same problem at other stores. No one seems to know how to work with the public or how to actually resolve a problem for a customer.It's too bad these employees aren't properly trained or perhaps don't care and because of that I will not renew my Verizon contract when it's up. Even if they have the best network, it's not worth being treated like garbage when you're paying an arm and leg for service.
4	Stopped here to pick up a case for my new iPhone.  An employee immediately came over to help me out.  He showed me a few cases and had samples so he could show me what the felt like and looked like on my phone.  After I picked out a case, I browsed the ear piece section.....picked out a new Jawbone ICON.I was in/out in 10 minutes.  Great service.....forgot to get his name, but he was very helpful.Return Factor - 90%
5	...I really dislike Cell Phone stores - actually, I'd go so far as to suggest I hate them - but the service here as actually outstanding from the moment I walked in the door until the time I left.  Worked with a young man named Preston who set up my new phone, troubleshot all the issues, and had me on my way in less than 45 minutes.
1	I just received my third HTC phone from Verizon.  The first one (new, supposedly) quit in about two weeks, the second one lasted about 4 months and wasn't even programmed to talk to cell towers., I had to do myself while a rep walked me through this very technical procedure. As for third phone, I called a rep and they directed me to a store, so I went to this store.  The sales rep, an older man, was very patronizing, and said he would order replacement which I would receive the next day. That did not happen and when I called Verizon, I found that he had never placed the order. The order was placed with the Verizon phone rep and did get today.  I pleaded with them to be able to change to a different brand, but was told that couldn't happen. The store manager was very rude when I tried to explain re the phone not being ordered and his attitude made me realize just how little individual customers mean to Corporate America.  Anyway, here I am on my third phone in six months.  Wonder how long this one will last?
5	Went in with my dad to switch over from T Mobile. The staff took the time to help get all of the phones ready, transfer contacts and add all the necessary protective accessories. With eight phones, this was no small task. We ended stay 45 minutes after closing time, but you would have never known it from the courtesy of the staff. Again transferring over eight phones takes quite a while, and they even gave us a discount for our patience along with a pretty substantial discount for the phones we were turning in. Juan was the manager that night and he was fun, extremely helpful and set the tone for the five staff members who ended up helping us. I will be going to that location for all my phone needs in the future.
1	The customer service at this place is awful. I waited for 15 minutes before I was put on a waiting list to wait even longer. Then on the waiting list, I waited for another 30 minutes... TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
1	They're lucky to get one star. Rude, terrible customer service. Wanted nothing to do with me since all I needed was a phone case. Probably could have upgraded my phone. Camelback location here I come.
1	I wish I could give zero stars. The customer service here is horrendous. I've been in this location on two separate occasions and had questions just tossed to the side. First I tried to see if there was anyway to get a replacement phone due to a shattered screen and was dismissed.  On the second occasion I went in to ask about the new edge program and how I could sign up. The woman (blonde) just gave me some lame excuse about my renewal being too close not allowing eligibility. Two months I'd have to wait with a tough luck attitude she sent me on my way. Bullshit. Went home and signed up for the program and had a new phone sent to me within an hour. She was just lazy. I was willing to shell out cash on the spot in both situations. I will never return to this location and I urge you to find another.
1	So unhappy with my experience at this store. LOVE my new GS5 and my coverage has been perfect, but I would recommend avoiding this store.  The day we went to shop we spent at least 45 minutes waiting- not a big deal. They were busy, I get it.  When we finally saw a rep he was very sales-y and kind of pushy. I just told you I'm here for a new plan and phone.... you don't have to sell me. Anyway, he tells us about a current regional promotion where we would receive a free 1gb of data for the entire contract length as long as we ported in a local number. Perfect, I wanted to anyway.  After another hour of him fumbling to get the phones set up and numbers ported in we were finally on our way.  The next day we notice on our phones that our plan says we only have 1gb of data. We call Verizon and they explain that the promotion doesn't start until the second month. Again, not that big of a deal, but pretty annoying that he didn't find that necessary to tell us.Well, a couple of days ago our second month starts and what do you know, we still only have 1gb!  After speaking with Verizon on the phone they told us the promotion actually started 5 days after we started our plan and the employee just told us about it early. They assured us it shouldn't be a problem, just to go to the store and have it sorted it.Once at the store my boyfriend received terrible customer service.  He spoke with the manager and she was completely inflexible and unapologetic. I'm sorry, but if your employee is giving the wrong information you need to do the right thing and honor it. If we had known it wasn't starting yet we could have simply waited a couple of days to start our contract.  Now we are stuck in contract for two years with different terms than we thought we were agreeing to with a company that doesn't honor their promises.
5	It's not often that I'll write a review like this with a 5 star rating but my experience at this particular store has renewed my faith in Verizon, completely!  I was so frustrated with the service I got at the other stores so I decided to go to the Desert Ridge store. I wanted the iPhone 5s as it was compatible with my car but didn't want to wait a long time. I was immediately greeted by a sales rep named Nick who was probably the best rep in the store, hands down! He identified my needs quickly and showed my products that I didn't even know about and sent me out with a great working iPhone. I ended up coming back later because I needed additional assistance with the phone and once again, Nick was there to help! I'll be keeping my service with Verizon for good, now. Thanks VZW and Nick!
1	Walked in to get a new FREE tablet that was advertised on internet...got my bill of $187.55...normally my bill is $75.00..I called NICK the manager to have him explain..my bill shows a $49.00 charge...yes I bought accessories totaling $56.22my bill should be $131.22....yes they CHARGED me for a free tablet!! What a rip off...BAIT and SWITCH!!   These phone companies should be held responsible for all added fees. When I called Verizon direct I spoke to 3 supervisors for over an hour and they too could not figure it out and told me to call store... I love the coverage of VERIZON, but service is horrible....and cheat their customers. My plan is the same as a friend has and she pays $49.00 a month...why all the differences. The longer you stay with a company it should be cheaper...SHE'S a NEW customer..VERY UNHAPPY!!!!BUYER BEWARE!!!If I could give a ZERO rating I would.
1	LIED LIED LIED LIED.  went in to upgrade my wife's phone and was told about the Verizon tablet and it being on special and being only $10 a month.  I and my wife both asked what the extra charges would be, activation, data etc.  We were both told no other fees would be charged at all.  Ten days later we got a bill in the mail for activation fees and many other things to include a new line service and data package for this new tablet.  Called customer service and got the run around and was told I would get a call back never did.  Called again and was told a supervisor would call within 48 hours, nothing.  Called a 3rd time and finally got someone that gives a crap, turns out the store opened a WHOLE NEW SUB-ACCOUNT this new sub account was already at 200 additional dollars owed on top of what my 'main' account was.  So breaking this down the man at this store lied bold faced, then opened a hidden account ( I had no access to this account on my verizonwireless.com account) and added all kinds of things to the account that I did not ask to have.  My only guess is that they get a commission of some sort and that he was padding his for the month.  After i fixed all this with the 3rd and finally smart customer service lady I returned to the store.  Eric the manage was at the door he started listening then shut me down and sent me to someone else that I had to start explaining it all to again.  They seemed concerned and claimed the guy no longer worked there but....liars are gonna lie.  I have a hard time believing what I was told on this final trip.
5	We went to this Verizon store to switch our service from Sprint and to get new phones. This is  a process that I usually dread because often employees can be condescending and less than patient with us from the baby boomer generation who aren't as tech savvy as they are. But I never felt this way at this Verizon store. We were warmly greeted and checked in. After a short wait, we were helped by Khloe. She was patient, kind and efficient. My new iPhone had to be ordered. When it came in I went back to Verizon to have it activated and set up. I asked specifically for Khloe. Again she was very friendly and knowledgeable and made the normally dreaded experience a pleasant one!
5	I went in on a Saturday afternoon and expected to wait forever, but surprisingly I was in and out in 35 minutes. I upgraded the phone and got a new plan. Service was excellent and the employee was very knowledgeable and helpful. For once it was a pleasurable experience.
1	Horrible customer service. They seem to not understand the concept of a customer service desk for simple returns and exchanges and non-accounts related questions. All it takes is one customer service rep to be dedicated for minor small issues. The rest of the longer process questions can go through the normal process but find a way to get the quick ones out faster. This is just common sense waiting an hour in order to process a minute exchange was ridiculous.
