4	There are only a few Front Row Sports stores in Vegas.  This happens to be the one located nearest to my home.  Located at the Meadows Mall, there is easy access to this store if you park on the North side of the Mall which has you enter and exit on the 2nd floor.This is one of my "go to" spots for Football Jerseys.  Last year I bought a USC Jersey (Grad School) and this past weekend I bought a UNLV Jersey (Undergrad).  Their selection of Jerseys is large and they carry unique items at this location that the others don't.  For example, last year this location was the only one that had a USC Football Jersey.  This weekend, while I was purchasing the UNLV Jersey the guy pointed out a USC dry-fit shirt that they just got in and said they were the only store to carry it.  So.....I bought it!  Dammit, I hate when that happens.....sales guy did his job!There were a ton of other stuff too....they just got in the new Lakers gear, but I had to get out before I started spending too much money.  I love my sports teams and can easily get caught up with all the merchandise.  I paid quickly and ran out to my car.Will I return?  Most likely.
3	This one's alright- hardly any sports wear for the female sports fan though (the selection seems better on numerous websites). Even though this one seems more spacious (ie. more room to walk) than the average store, we really don't find anything here. I guess, generally speaking, if you're a guy who loves jerseys, this is the store to go to, basically.
2	Front Row Sports is a mixed bag of good and bad when it comes to filling your need for gear from your favorite team. The good is that the store is convenient and generally well stocked with a wide variety of professional and college gear. As a fan of teams from the state of Ohio I sometimes have a tough time finding items I want. Front Row usually has something that fills the bill for me.   The bad side of Front Row is that their pricing on some items can be suspect at best. The prices on team caps are generally pretty much in line with what you find elsewhere, but apparel and jersey prices can be high. One example I experienced was with a Mitchell and Ness vintage jacket I was interested in. FR had the jacket marked at half-price for $125. Before making the purchase I did a web search and found that FR's  1/2 price was what Mitchell and Ness showed as full retail. I have to judge this as being deceptive at best.  If you're heading to a Super Bowl party and need a new cap or a last minute gift, Front Row is a pretty good place to shop. If you're looking for a jersey, jacket or some other larger ticket item you may want to shop around before making a purchase here.
