5	I've never been the first person to review a place!  I was so excited to hear that this place opened. It has only been opened a week. Yvonne helped me out.  I love these cookies. I bought a box of 10. (She gave me a couple extra though.) My favorites are the Kona flavored, original and coconut.  We usually get these in Oahu when we are there. Although I would rather be in Hawaii to get these,  this location is a great place to tide me over till I go back. If you have never tried this cookies they have samples of all the flavors they offer. =) Keep in mind that they are shortbread cookies and on the drier side.  They have prepackaged gift boxes or you can create your own box with the flavors you would like which is what I do. =)
5	I'm beyond exciting to see the first Honolulu Cookie Company store outside of Hawaii. These taste so amazing and with single packed cookies they are perfect for gifts. Coconut dipped in white chocolate is my favorite but I've never had a flavor I didn't enjoy. The best part is that they allow you to sample all the different kinds in the store as well. Here is to a great company with a wonderful product and tremendous staff!
5	OMG I love their cookies. My friend introduced me to them a few years back and I've been a fan ever since. When I found out they opened one in Mainland US, I was so excited. Even MORE excited that it was perfect timing with my trip to Vegas a few weeks after.The place was kind of hard to find if you don't know which part of the Grand Canal Shopps it's located.  It's located across from I Love Burgers on the Palazzo side.they have samplers near the front door of all their flavors. And the staff was friendly and would tell you which boxes would give you a better value.  They're good at upselling here. hahaIn any case, they also have a stamper card. You get a stamp for every $5. And if you hit 10 stamps, you can get a small bag of their cookies valued at $6. If not, save up to 20 stamps to get their $15 sampler box free.I love these cookies.
5	Do you like cookies? Do you like chocolate? Do you like free samples? Then come patronize this super cute store in the Palazzo. It's the only location of this cookie chain outside of Hawaii. And the cookies are yum! They're not exactly cheap, but they sure are tasty. And there are plenty of options for every budget. I went with the make-your-own box of 5 cookies for $4.95. And since one of the cookies was broken, the staffer gave me an extra one for free. The staff were super nice and pleasant - and not too pushy either. There's a small table near the entrance where you can sample the various flavors of cookies. It's pretty much impossible to choose a favorite. Very awesome flavors! So if you're looking for some yum cookies and/or a unique gift for someone, this is a great place to visit.
4	The company is based in Hawaii, and this is the first U.S. store outside of it. My friend loves these cookies. It felt like we trekked through the whole Grand Canal Shoppes just so she could buy some. Next to the entrance, there are samples of the cookies. I'm not a big fan of shortbread cookies, but I got the dark chocolate and white chocolate Kona coffee flavored ones. The chocolate on them enhanced the cookies. They are individually wrapped and shaped as pineapples. Although I wouldn't go out of my way for the cookies, I'll buy some for my friend if I happen to come across them in the future.
5	Kind of hard to find based on the directions Yelp gave me but like every one said; it's located in the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Palazzo and not Fashion Show shopping district. Employees were very nice and helpful and there are samples of about half of their flavors near the entrance. The most popular gift box is about $23 and it contains 32 pieces and all 15 flavors. Individually each cookie is about a dollar a piece. Totally worth the price and even got a bag of extra cookies with my purchase!
5	I was so excited to see this store in Vegas!!!  I have had people visiting Hawaii bring me these back and I love them!  I went in and sampled a couple flavors and they were just as good as I remembered.  I ended up getting the large box of 20 you pick yourself.  My favorites are the coconut with white chocolate and the totally chocolate ones.  They are a little pricey for small cookies but seriously they are so good!  The lady working there was so nice.  I will be back here next visit to Vegas!
5	They are the BEST!! They spoiled my sister and I with a bagful of cookies!!! Who does that? The manager, is actually from Hawaii, moved to Vegas to run the shop. It's inside the Palazzo Hotel where all of the shops are. Great way to go window shopping, indoors and in AC. Take a break from gambling! :)They have jars of samples in the store so you can try all of the flavors before purchasing. MAHALO!! We will come back to say ALOHA, when we come and visit Vegas again.
5	My Aunts, cousin and I heard they opened up a store in Las Vegas so while we were in town (August 2, 2014) we wanted to make sure we checked it out! We usually buy our cookies online or wait til our next trip to Hawaii.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted with big smiles by Monika & Yvonne! These ladies were super friendly and very helpful! They made our first shopping experience at the Las Vegas store very enjoyable! We'll definitely come back whenever we're in Vegas!
4	LOVE their amazing shortbread cookies!  I was so excited to see one open here in Vegas, having only recently discovered them in Maui.  It's nice to have a mainland option to get these delicious cookies.  Stop by and try their samples!!  I usually opt for the choose your own 20 cookies for $14.95.  They do have lots of various prepackaged gift sets too. "For the very best, look for the pineapple shape!"  Indeed!   I love chocolate and my favorites are any of them dipped in milk or dark chocolate - you can't go wrong!   A little pricey for a small cookie, but you only live once right?!
4	COOKIES!!Located at the end of the Grand Canal Shops. The store is small and you can miss it if you walk to fast.Service was really nice.Warning, they sell only hard shortbread cookies. They have a sample area for you to try all the flavors. After you taste them all, you basicly had a whole cookie.My favorites were the White Chocolate Coconut and the Dark Chocolate Dip.They have a ton of giftboxes in various sizes. Also they sell individual cookies also. I usually dislike hard cookies but they were pretty good. The Hawaiian ingredients make them unique.
5	This was my first time trying these cookies and I am in love!  Yvonne and Monika are so awesome!  I thought that the cookies were a bit pricey but they gave us some free ones to munch on on the way back to the hotel and that in itself made the trip totally worth it!  I even texted my friends and told them to get some before leaving vegas!My favorite is kona coffee dipped in white chocolate but if ur unsure, sample them and pick your favorite!! I wish I knew about the stamp card because I definitely plan on coming back whenever I am in vegas :)
5	We have bought this cookies before and they are great, but you have to go all the way to Hawaii. Luckily for us they open this new spot in Las Vegas, so we decided to make the trip. Mission accomplished and the staff was great and friendly. They helped us a lot and one of the best parts was the free samples. Thank you for making our Vegas stay more memorable.
5	I'm so happy they opened a store in Las Vegas.  LOVE LOVE LOVE their cookies. my fave is the milk chocolate dipped shortbread.I love how they have boxed cookies w/the hearts, diamonds, spades & clovers. Vegas themed!!  Customer Service was friendly. Affordable & so good!
5	Let me just say, I'm a fan! Probably the best store-bought shortbread that I've ever had! Ambiance: 5 - The store is clean and organized. Stacks of cookies line the walls in different assortments of all kinds! In the front of the store, there is a cookie sample bar where the staff invites you to taste every one of their available flavors! The bar was very sanitary, as you use tongs and cups to retrieve your cookies.If you want to purchase individual cookies, there is a table in the far right of the back of the store.Service: 5 - The service was great. The staff was very kind and polite! I commend them for putting up with all of my questions! Sorry, haha, it was my first time buying them ;) Also, looking down the reviews--yes, I do scan the reviews quickly--I saw that the staff was very responsive to all of its Yelp reviews. It's really nice to see businesses take initiate on this sort of website and look for feedback in positive ways!Cookies: 5 - Like I said, it was the best shortbread that I've bought and sampled. I was a bit cookie greedy at the sample bar, and the foreigners that were in there probably thought I was a crazy, cookie-loving freak. After tasting every single flavor, I have to say that my favorites were Dark Chocolate Kona Coffee and Pineapple Macadamia. My tastes would probably apply to people who love chocolate/desserts that are more on the bitter side and/or sweet things that have subtle flavors. It was a nice, satisfying buy for my weekend, and it might maybe even become a once or twice a month kind of thing! :)
5	I was so excited to see Honolulu Cookie Company inside the Venetian, in Las Vegas. Went to the store and enjoyed samples. The best part of my visit, was encountering Yvonne. She was extremely helpful and provided suggestions on what to get. Extremely knowledgeable and personalized my visit to the store. I was blown away by her stellar customer service skills and Yvonne is AMAZING!!!! You are very lucky to have her on your team. A true asset!!! Thank you Yvonne and HCC!!! A must visit when in Vegas.
5	In the past year we've becoming hooked on Hawaii and all the great Hawaiian foodstuffs.  We love the high quality cookies from Honolulu Cookie!  I love all of the different flavor combinations and all of the gorgeous gift boxes.  I definitely plan on giving out a bunch of these for gifts in the future.  It's a little different than the usual suspect Hawaiian chocolates and mac nuts, and I like that all the cookies come individually wrapped for freshness!This location was great.  We stopped by since we were staying at the Palazzo and couldn't help but bring some home with us.  The staff were super friendly. We are a little crazy and asked about what the best "value" is (price per cookie), and was surprised that they actually had an answer with the exact cost per cookie!  We still did some of our own math but we did come to the same conclusion at the end.  We bought on of the big boxes,and they even threw in a bunch of "samples" for free with our purchase. That way I didn't have to tear into our big box right away!  A little bit of  the Aloha sprit on the Vegas Strip, it felt pretty nice.
4	Any visit to Las Vegas would not be complete without a trip to Honolulu Cookie Company especially if you're a bit of a Cookie Monster.Located inside the Venetian it may take some time to find but once it is a plethora of delicious little Cookies await in flavors like Pineapple Macadamia, White Chocolate Coconut, Lilikoi Mango and Chocolate Chip Macadamia. Now that Fall is upon us some new flavors have made it's way into store's - Ginger Spice and White Chocolate Ginger Spice. The store is small and well laid out with lot's of assorted boxes or you can create your own box, 5 Cookies for $4.95 or 10 for $8.95. They also had some large containers that hold maybe 20-25 but I did not see any pricing for those.The staff are very welcoming and encouraged us to sample as many of the flavors as wanted until we had come to a decision which ones to get, the sample station is located near the door with jar's of little Cookie pieces you can help yourself to.As for the Cookies themselves.. Yum! I'm a it of a snob when it comes to Shortbread being that I am British with a Northern background (where Shortbread originated) so trust me when I say these are really good! They're baked and imported from Honolulu which explains the slightly hefty price tag but they are worth it.*TIP* Get a "Aloha Card" and receive a stamp for every $5 spent, 20 stamps gets you free Cookies! Also sign up for the ''Pineapple ERewards'' where you will get special offers throughout the year including one for your Birthday.
5	Haven't had one of these ever since I left Hawaii so I was really excited to see this at the Grand Canal shops. It's a small store but they have sample for all the cookies in their store.  You can make your variety boxes or buy one of the pre-made boxes.  My favorite was the chocolate chip macadamia. The staff I very friendly and will help of you have any questions
5	Absolutely amazing! Bought a tin of chocolate chip macadamia cookies and they are to die for. Yvonne was amazing and managed to greet every single person who walked in the door with a smile and without a worry even though she was the only person in the store. She was great cookies were great... Definitely our new sweet treat.
5	Hawaiian cookie goodness.Walking through the Venetian Shoppes, I saw Hawaiian Cookies. I remembered one of my Yelp friend Joe P mentioned this place as one of the best cookies he's had. The problem, it was in Hawaii. Lol. Not any more. This is the only location outside of the islands. They have the cookies shipped here from Hawaii. The place is small but it has that Aloha spirit. I was invited to taste some of their cookies. They have a self serve sample area. About 10 different cookies to try. Yes, I tried them all. Lol. Best Shortbread Cookies!!My Favorites:CoconutWhite Chocolate Kona CoffeeMango MacadamiaLilikoi MangoGingerYou can get a gift pack of varying sizes or you can get a custom pack with 5, 10 or 20 cookies. I got a gift box for the Wifey and I got a custom 5 pack for my trip home. It's a bit pricey, but well worth it in my opinion. Service was super friendly, the Aloha spirit is alive here. The Hawaiian flavor makes these cookies stand out from the competition. I'm glad I got to try some without flying to the Islands. Lol. Try them out for yourself and decide.
5	We love your cookies and your customer service is awesome ! Yvonne is 5 stars and whenever we are in Vegas we go to Honolulu cookie company.
5	New update! Came back and lucky for me Yvonne was there again! She was so sweet to my baby boy while I shopped. New favorite thing: fill you own COOKIE JAR!  The normal number of cookies that fit in the jar is 45 but if u can fit more, then extra cookies for you! (We were able to walk away with 57... Just sayin. Best deal in the store!
3	Came in yesterday around 4 PM and it was actually pretty slow considering how popular they are in Hawaii.  We walked in and were half-greeted, I guess because we didn't look like we were going to buy anything...We didn't actually need to sample anything because we already knew what we wanted and I went to the areas where the mini chocolate chip cookies were set up and put aside 3 boxes while I continued to browse around.  The young man behind the counter decides to walk over and put my 3 boxes back to how they were originally set up and I told him "those are mine" and he said "they're all the same" as if he didn't give a care, making it seem like I was bothering him from doing his job.I always have my box of 32 pieces of just macadamia shortbread custom-made so I asked if it's possible to have one made while I continued to look around some more and they said they ran out of the custom boxes.  How does a place run out of boxes?  So they recommended that I purchase the a la carte boxes "20 pieces for $14"...which is pricey compared to "32 pieces for $17.95"!  So, we asked if they had any other options since it was the store's fault for not having the boxes available.  Why does a customer have to overpay for something when the store is at fault?  The young man who put my cookies away just kept telling us that there was nothing they can do since they don't have the boxes.  We decided to ask for the most cost effective way to go and he finally told us that we can buy 100 cookies at $0.60 each, which seemed like the best deal and this is how we ended up with $160 worth of cookies!!If I didn't already love their cookies and had already gone out of my way to locate the store, I would've walked out without making a purchase because they lack service.  I guess this is where Hawaii and Vegas highly differs...the hospitality.  People in Hawaii treat you like you're the only customer in the store even when it's crazy busy, but people in Vegas treat you like you're a nobody even when you're the only customer in sight!  They need to retrain their young staffs!Minus 2 stars is due to lack of service...just come for the cookies!
5	First of all - want to thank Yvonne and Jenilyn for their fabulous customer service. They are the best so make sure to ask for them. I'm so happy to know that there is a Honululu Cookie store here in the mainland. Won't have to wait to go to Oahu to get my cookie fix:-)))
5	I am very picky about giving 5 stars. You can see my distribution table. Only the best of the best deserves 5 stars. This is such a place. Why? Because your definition of "cookie", or "shortbread" will be forever changed when you try the variations they offer. So creamy, smooth, but not heavy-creamy; it is a unique definition of shortbread. The price reflects this kind of excellence, but go try the varieties they offer and soon you'll be craving them again.
5	The guy working here when I came in had such amazing customer service. He really went above and beyond to help my friend and I. We came in only because my friend needed to buy gifts, but I ended up buying cookies as well.I totally forgot the employee's name because it has been a few weeks (sorry) but I think he had glasses? My friend wanted cookies in tins to gift for Lunar New Year, so he specifically wanted red tins. The staff member told us they would be releasing red ones starting Jan in preparation for Valentine's Day. He even went online to check the website for the exact dates it would be released and what colors would be offered, how long the cookies are good for, how to store them etc. We decided to buy some other cookies anyway, but we had to get running to our spa appointment. The nice gentleman let us know that he could hold on to our purchase for us until we returned, and we could just pay when we came back and he told us the store hours. SO NICE! I felt like he went above and beyond. Originally my friend only wanted cookies, but since the guy was so damn friendly I ended up buying some as well. You guys are doing great out here in Vegas!
5	When I heard from the UPS delivery man (he was delivering a palette from Hawaii to our office) about the new hawaiian cookie store in the Palazzo; said he delivers a palette every week since it opened (this was last year), we made it here, at summer time, and got the Large Pearl Green Chest Box @ $14.95 (choose your own cookies). We got the stamp card (I misplaced my other one from our past Hawaii trip (march 2014), but they said we could combine them, so that was cool. Small, clean store, located in a casino shopping plaza with nice employees (there were three when we visited). Yes, we are very familiar with the brand- all over Honolulu, several on Kalakaua alone, located in every major shopping center, ala moana, royal hawaiian shopping center, and ward centers, I think (yummy shortbread cookies, mmmmmmmmmmmmm), because of our annual trips; and usually on our last day, we'd buy a stash to enjoy at home. Now, we don't have to do that. It's a panic trying to get everything together for the trip back home. Convenience. Problem solved. (At least, there is free parking in the casino garage. Or, here's a tip: go to the Fashion Show Mall, when you're done there,  exit, and use the bridge to trek across the way.) Shortbread Cookies: plain (pineapple, butter), chocolate-covered- dark, milk or white (lilikoi is my favorite! coconut's my hubby's favorite), or mini-chocolate chip. Also comes in different configurations too: choose your own, the popular Large Pearl Green Chest Box, or pre-boxed in the large (all flavors- this is the one we usually bought on our past trips over the years on our last day on the island), specialty collections (all chocolate-covered, for example), in a clear cookie jar that you can place on your counter, and the small containers of mini-chocolate chip cookies, just to name a few. Of course, we are coming back. I'm glad that the store came to Las Vegas, after all, it's said that Las Vegas is the 9th Island, hahaha. I took pics, but it's on my old cell phone's gallery. Maybe add them later sometime.
