1	I went to this location and ordered steak and lobster after having a great meal at Red Lobster in Southern California.  This trip was not so good.  The lobster was tough but I managed to chew thru it.  The worst part was when I made it to the steak and found a hair on it!!!!   Grossed me out!   NEVER AGAIN!
1	Well, visiting my Sis with her two little munchkins.. it is very hard for her to get out and have dinner...  We stopped in here, because usually you can expect a pretty consistent experience with this chain which also includes Olive Gardens (you wondered why you always see them together, huh?) anyway, where to begin..  with the good.. it was clean and the food was consistent...  The service? Not so much.. first of all, the entire place was pretty empty because we arrived at an odd hour and yet the hostess sat us - THE PEOPLE WITH THE THREE YEAR OLD AND THE BABY! next to other people.. and seem to sit all the people close to the kitchen entrance!!! #1, if you have room, seat the people with the kids and babies (even if it is me) AWAY from other patrons..  they also gave us a booth for four and put the hammock for the baby seat in the aisle, so everyone kept bumping the baby! OMG, I was so mad!If anyone from RL reads this, please train your employees to seat properly... THINK PEOPLE!#2, if you can help it, don't sit all the people or any of the people near the kitchen door.. those tables are for last minute guests or over flow when a place is too crowded! WHY would you put everyone there...The waitress was nice, but she checked on us about every 2 minutes... there IS such a thing as over doing it... give us some privacy and let us talk... geesh!Not the best experience I have had for sure....
2	The food was great, but the service was horrible. This was our second time there and compared to our firs visit, this was completely opposite. The waitress seemed as if we were a hassle and at one point I felt like i should apologize for coming to eat there. Is it really that big of an issue to get me some ketchup or some extra napkins. The menu was amazing for all seafood lovers, but I would definitely think twice before recommending it to a friend.
4	something about red lobster makes me go back. I like them no matter what. this location is very clean and friendly.
4	Manager was very nice and pleasant and so were the servers...place is clean and food is great. Even when it was 6pm, we got seated quickly.To be worked on: time that it takes to get the food out, otherwise, it was a pleasant restaurant!
4	Service was pretty good. Biscuits are my favorite! Crab legs are amazing.
3	Decent, busy ass crazy! good service, chain seafood what can you really expect?
4	The ultimate feast is the only way to fly I must say that I do love RL. This one in particular is my favorite. We all had our usual on this outing and I ate a variety of sea creatures, same as always. It was great. We did receive particularly excellent service from Ryan. This is not our first experience with him and he was just as willing to make our visit a great one like the ones past. Very cordial and an all around nice guy. We would have had a great dinner either way but Ryan knocked it out of the park so I had to mention him.
4	Came here with my wife on a Saturday evening. It was pretty packed and we waited a good 35 minutes before being seated. The food was good and the server was excellant. The only problem was the food taking forever to delivered. Other then that, we enjoyed our time there and on to the next time we good there.
3	Being from a fishing town on E coast, I didnt expect the seafood to b as good as it was.
4	We've been here a couple of times and compared to other RL's, I think this one is above par.  Hence, the 4 stars.  Compared to other places though, probably 2 or 3 stars.  They basically salt and butter the hell out of everything and I feel like the cheese biscuits don't taste as good as they used to and I've been going to RLs since I was a kid.This specific location though had good service, it was clean, and their cookie dessert was delicious.  If I was in the mood for RL - which isn't often - then this place definitely does the trick.
1	The good service and cleanliness cannot overcome overcooked and stringy lobster and king crab legs. First time, last time.
4	A lot more expensive than I had remembered but the food was good. I came here with my son and my mom, my son and I shared the parmesan crusted tilapia with mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli and my mom had the coconut shrimp appetizer. My son is six and he really liked the fish and LOVED the complementary biscuits. Our server even gave him a free kids drink since we knew he wouldn't eat the full kids meal and didn't want to waste my money.Overall it was a really great experience, the food and service was very good. Prices just a tad scary when you're bringing kids along! My plate was around the $15 range but I'm glad I decided to split it with my son because there is no way I would have finished it.
4	been here several times went a couple days ago and as always great service and awesome food, can never resist more cheddar biscuits which I've never had a problem getting
2	Well this is the second year taking my son to Red Lobster for his birthday. Last year was awesome, amazing service and flat out incredible as our server bent over backwards to give us great service. This year it was just the three of us and quite honestly, after waiting 10 minutes to get water I was already irritated. No service, very busy yes but I had to get up and let the management know that we had been waiting for quite some time after being seated. They were busy and I get it but not cool in my opinion when you all want the all you can eat shrimp and you can't even get water lol!' We got no plates with our bread and used our napkins, had to ask for soda refill several times and only after complaining did we get some faster service.  Well they did sing happy birthday but no scoop of ice cream, no nothing. Kinda crap when last year they have us 3 deserts for 8 of us. Not looking for the freebies but c'mon guys, who doesn't give a birthday desert?!! Oh well, food was good and fresh and hot. Just not worth $75 for slow service without even getting a scoop of vanilla for the kid. Had to go to Bashes afterwards to get cake for pictures. Who has a birthday without desert?? Red Lobster, I will pass next time. You were nice enough but that 25cent scoop of birthday ice cream would have made all the difference. BTW- we tip good but won't be back anytime soon.
4	We went in for dinner and endless shrimp. This is only our 2nd visit to this location but its is nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. Jana was out waitress on this visit and she did an excellent job taking care of us. Don't you just love it when your server can anticipate your needs? The food was good. Hubby had the endless shrimp and loved them all. I had steak and snow crab. The crab was delish but the steak was a little tough. May have been the cut because it was cooked and seasoned well. Overall good food, great service and that made it a wonderful night.
4	Went with a large party and was very pleased at how well the staff did. They were very attentive and were even able to spilt the check (12 people) without confusion. They also allowed us to tip based on our service rather than the number of people in our party. The food was as good as expected for Red Lobster.
3	Good service although I do not recall ever getting the servers name. Good food.  It has been a few months since we had been to this location.  It seems like RL is cutting corners to save some money.  They have done away french dressing which seemed odd.  My wife and I love the mixture of french and blue cheese.  Needless to say we forgone the salad and got a potato instead.  The taters seemed a bit smaller also.  The calamari now has fried broccoli and red peppers in it.  My guess is to save money on the heaping portion of calamari you used to get.  Although the fried broc is interesting.  Not good for those of us that do not like bell peppers. Lastly they did away with the cloth napkins and went to paper napkins encasing the silverware.  This gave the restaurant the feel of a cheaper, diner type experience.  Also whatever genre of music was playing was a little too loud.  Would we eat here again?  Probably, but the atmosphere seems to be changing with RL.  Not that it ever was a classy place to eat.
5	Excellent food we've eaten here over the last couple years, food has always been great. Service is good but if you want the best service every, ask for the Hawaiian Barbie ( Maxine) she'll take GREAT care of you. She is the real deal, very friendly and very helpful. She will make your dinning experience outstanding.
3	I got a GC so we came.  I have never been too much of a fan, but I have not been for years so what the heck.  We came on a Friday night.  I got the fried fish and my dining partner got the calm chowder.  It was ok.  The service was fantastic but the food was ok.
2	The last two times I have been to this RL the food has been really bad. The wait staff are ok. They try to be friendly. This used to be one of the better RL. Really disappointed now.
5	My husband and our 3 kids went to this location and we had a great time. Ryan our server was excellent. He was on top of everything we needed and was great with our kids. He was a great server and we hope to have him again at our next Visit. Please give him kudos when you see him. =)
4	My husband and I love coming here again. For awhile we had stopped because of the service,  but ever since we started getting Ryan as our waiter, we come back repeatedly. They revamped the menu and while it is slightly more expensive, I've discoverer some new favorites. We highly recommend this place and, of course, ask for Ryan.
5	I had a meal here the other day and the waiter was exquisite! Absolutely great service. Glad to have eaten there!
5	Went for a quick lunch. Wings are fantastic, totts with cheese sauce, and Brandon with ridiculously fantastic service...... Really what else can you ask for. Thanks again Brandon
1	Cool as long as you don't mind seeing parasites in your seafood. After I showed the manager, He offered me a gift card and didn't charge me for my horrible experience and my parasite infested crab legs. Disgusting, needless to say, I won't be returning here & after this experience I'm probably never going to eat crab again!!! Thanks! Picture posted in photos!
