1	I didn't want to write a negative review about this place but unfortunately I was left with no choice. I dropped off my dog for boarding the day before Thanksgiving because no other kennel had openings. I guess I probably could have understood the reason but I needed to find someone to take my dog before I left.When I picked up my dog on Sunday morning I was the only person there except for employees and it took almost 15 minutes to get my dog out of the back room. Now I'm not sure why it took this long but it just left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth. This isn't my biggest issue, the issue is that my dog seems to have changed while he was at Gentle Doctor's animal hospital. He's normally the most friendly, happy little dog but the past 2 days he has been skittish and has been shaking quite a bit. Not to mention that there is a noticeable dent above his nose that wasn't there before I brought him in. I really fear the worst may have happened while my dog was boarding but I certainly hope this isn't the case.
5	Both my dogs are patients at Gentle Doctor. I found this place through research and reviews after their previous vet moved out of town.Their primary vet is Dr. Dawsey, but they've seen Dr. Fujikawa a couple times as well. Both doctors are wonderful, very gentle, very patient, always available in person or by phone to answer my questions and concerns. They give me very in-depth descriptions of procedures, products, health issues, etc. if I ask for it; they are very knowledgeable and professional.The staff is always on top of things, keeping the hospital clean, calm and surprisingly quiet. I've never boarded them here but wouldn't hesitate to do so. I had to leave one dog for most of the day to repair a torn nail. He was sleepy but calm and unstressed when I picked him up. Dr. Dawsey called a couple times to check up on him in the following days to make sure he was doing well.
4	My girl Lexi needed some medical attention so I jumped in the car and made it to Las Vegas to bring here to the only place in Las Vegas I trust for animal care. I showed up early and the staff still got me in without waiting which is nice when you're worried about your pet's health. The vet, happened to be the same one who last treated Lexi in 2008 (back before I moved to California) was just as warm and caring. I especially appreciate how he explains what he's doing and why. On a side note - they honored their 10% discount which is awesome as medical care, humans or pets isn't as inexpensive as it used to be. Just ask when you get in and show them their ad via your mobile phone.
5	Finding the right veterinarian is as nerve-wracking as finding the right pediatrician.  A dog or cat is a huge presence in the life of its owner and while it's not the same as having a child, owners worry a lot about their adopted creatures.  So a pet owner needs a vet with a good sense of customer service--one who's willing to explain what's going on with the pet, who's willing to educate the pet owner about the need for preventative care as well as emergency care, and who becomes familiar with the animal's medical history.The vets at Gentle Doctor Animal Hospital fit the bill.  I've been coming here for years after a friend recommended them.  And the recommendation was spot on.  Both Dr. Dawsey and Dr. Fujikawa have been great--both with my easygoing dog and my agitated cat.  They take good care of the animals, explain all the procedures to the pet owner before doing anything and they are very gentle with the pets.  They're willing to answer any questions you have and I have a lot of 'em (plenty of them being dumb).  But they're always patient and understanding when I ask and ask and ask my "what if" questions.Gentle Doctor Animal Hospital is a little more expensive than some of the other hospitals in town.  That said,  you are paying for vet staff that not only care about the animal's health, but understand you have a very personal connection to the animal as well.  It's worth the extra cost to have a vet that gets it.
1	My wife and I brought our rabbit Holly because she wasn't feeling well.It was on a sunday, so the staff seemed like they couldnt wait to get out of there for the day. They ran tests on Holly and when she came out from the test she looked worse than when we broguht her in. They promised that they would force feed her, but they didn't do that. If the doctors cared they would have nursed her back to health, but all they wanted to do is go home. After all of that and $500. We brought her home and she died 10 minutes later. Before she died I called the office and they said that he behavior was normal. Then she died. I called back after she died. and they sent me right to Voicemail. A caring vet would have nursed Holly back to health. Me and my wife are hearthbroken about our little girl.
5	I have taken my dog here since she was a puppy, both for checkups and grooming. Dr. Fujikawa is excellent and the staff is top notch. The groomer is reasonably priced and does a great job. They call you at home after procedures and answer any questions.
5	We stumbled upon this clinic the day we picked up our pup because all the other places were closed. We are so glad that happened!Dr Dawsey and the rest of the crew at GDAH are the best. They take care of Darla as if she was their own. He doesn't push any treatment that isn't necessary... only that which she needs. The girls there love on Darla the second we walk through the door. We had a medical situation with Darla late on a Sunday afternoon and had to run her over to Banfield. That was a mistake. A week and several hundred dollars later we ended up coming back to GDAH so they could clean up the mess the other vet made. Seriously. These folks are great.
5	We have lived in Vegas for over 10 years.  Dr. Pribyl is the best.  We have also seen Dr. Dawsey & Dr. Fujikawa.  The entire staff is caring and informative.  They want the best for your pet and you.  Would not go anywhere else.  We have 2 dogs and 4 cats.  They are all treated like the individuals that they are.
5	Love this place! The front desk girls were so helpful. The young doctor sat on the floor with dog. I so think they r the gentlest doctors! Perfect name.
2	Wow. Talk about an unethical place. We asked for a breakdown over the phone before bringing our cat in to be neutered. They quoted us $120 and didn't ask much other than when we would like to schedule it.After dropping him off the charges shot up to $230 somehow and they didn't give us a breakdown or ask us to sign anything. In passing they mentioned they were going to clean his teeth. This was literally 5 seconds worth of conversation... They simply said they were going to clean his teeth which led me to believe it was a quick brushing while he was under. They didn't even look at his mouth. They just said they'd do it.Come to find out it was a $300 add-on service they so nonchalantly signed us up for. Then, over the phone Teri Fujikawa said he had 2 cavities and wanted to pull out THREE of his teeth for another $900. She tried making it sound like he was going to die tomorrow if he didn't have them pulled.  However after the cleaning issue I had a feeling we were being swindled so I told them not to do anything else to the poor guy.When we went to pick him up and they hit us with a $500 Bill for what we thought was going to be a $120 neuter. They kept trying to get us to pay before even seeing our cat, which I thought was in bad taste. We spoke to the doctor of the cleaning 'miscommunication' and she fully agreed she could have been more clear. In fact I believe her exact words were "I should have told you how much it would be or explained more about what it involves"... But she wouldn't take it off of the bill.After creating a fuss she finally took off only $45, which I still thought was ridiculous. We took our cat to another vet for a follow up 10 days after his surgery and they agreed that his teeth were fine. He had red gums by 2 teeth but definitely not worthy of having them ripped out and definitely not urgent... Turns out Gentle Doctor really was trying to burn us.If they screw $400-$1000 out of each customer it adds up to millions pretty fast and I really think that's their strategy. To Take advantage of people who care about their pets and mislead them into thinking they will die without their immediate services.In the end, his neuter went smoothly with no infections so I gave them 2 stars to be fair, but everything else was classless and unethical.
5	This place is great! They are so kind with animals and have great rates. I live nearly 30 minutes away but prefer to bring my dog here for her care.
4	I brought my hedgehog there for a wellness check up because they were the only vet i could find. They actually had a special doctor just for my hedgehog. The doctor was very nice and informative and answered every question I had. The price was a little high. (60 dollars for the check up and 48 for a stool sample test.) But the staff was great and if i ever have any other questions or if she needs another check up i will go back.
5	Dr. Pribyl and his entire staff are dedicated to the wellbeing of your pet. This was never more evident than when our Canaan dogs platelet count plummeted to a very dangerous low over the Christmas holidays. Dr. Pribyl diagnosed the reason and began treatment. By new years, our pets health had improved to normal. Gentle Doctors staff are professional, courteous and knowledgeable. Its the best possible environment for your pets health and pet owners peace of mind. Thank you Gentle Doctor.
