1	They service the pool in the house we lease.  They replaced a previous, incompetent, pool company.  They originally came out to do warranty work on the pump, and they talked themselves up so much we hired them to do our weekly maintenance.  I now know it was ALL talk.  They are very inconsistent in their service.  This is the second time now that we can't even use the pool because it's all messed up!  And then they don't show up to make the repairs.  Horrible!
1	One star is more than these guys deserve.  After my original review I sent a message to Aaron Pools through their "contact us" form.  Below is the response I received from them (I removed last names):Dear Becky,We have no idea who you are or who you think you are judging our company who has been in business for over 35 years...you are not our customer.Mr. A. is who we have been "dealing" with because HE is our customer and with whom you should perhaps show this letter to...he can contact us to dispute anything contained in this correspondence.Mr. A. had an appointment for us to replace the grids in the filter at 2939 E. Bonanza Road, Gilbert, AZ.  HE is the one who cancelled the appointment so he could research the grid cost and find them at a lesser cost to him.  He did find grids and advised us he would drop the grids off early the week of May 7th but that he would call us to advise us when he in fact had dropped the grids off.  About the only thing you did agree with our office staff is that he did not drop them off until the afternoon of May 10 and when he called us that day he expected an appointment immediately.  We advised him we could not guarantee somebody out there as our schedule was full but we would try to get somebody there that day or Friday.  He was aware that we were booking at that time for the following week.  If he had dropped the grids off earlier in the week as he had advised us he would we would have been able to get this resolved before the weekend of May 12/13, 2012.  We realize Mr. A. is busy, as are we, but we cannot make him find the time to drop them off as he had expected.Additionally, your pool is cloudy at worse, not green.  If these filters had been taken care of as set on OUR ORIGINAL TIME FRAME APPOINTMENT before Mr. A. cancelled to look for grids on his own, you would not be having this problem created by the grids not being authorized by Mr. Angelotti for us to handle.  It is understandable that home owners are trying to cut back on expenses but we cannot take the heat for that situation.  You really need to take this up with Mr. A.  If he has told you anything other than as we are stating above, I would challenge that statement! billing@aaronpools.comAaron Pools, Inc.480-839-9041What they don't know is that our landlord is one of our closest friends and everything he tells me is the truth.  I AM the customer, because I was the one who originally said I wanted Aaron Pools to be our pool service.  They were hired because of me, and they will now be fired because of me.  Their customer service skills are definitely in line with their pool servicing skills.  After our pump was finally working again, the pool cleaner guy came out and I asked him about the chlorine level because I had been testing it and it was reading very high.  He dipped his little test strip in and told me everything looked fine.  After he left I took a sample over to Leslie's and had them test it.  The chlorine was at 15ppm!  Good thing I didn't let my kids go swimming.  Stay away from these guys.  How they have managed to stay in business for over 35 years will remain a mystery.
1	Extremely poor customer service.  Aaron was sent by home warranty co to repair our spa.  They showed up unexpectedly without scheduling.  Woman answering phone in office was apathetic and then defensive and extremely rude (she hung up on us!).  Technician was condescending and curt, and was not interested in helping or answering questions.  When we lodged a complaint with our home warranty company, Aaron said they refused to return because things were thrown at the technician and profanities were screamed at the secretary (all absolute lies).  Unless you enjoy incompetence, lies and aggravation, avoid this place at all costs!
1	Aaron Pools shouldn't be in business. I'm now findind that out the hard way. They have tried to replace items on my pool that work properly, then replaced items that caused more damage. Their tech told me to soak my filter cartridges in a acid /water solution which I have now found damaged my filter, costing me even more in repairs. Stay far away from this company.
5	Aaron Pools was assigned through our warranty company (AHS) to take care of pool motor/pump and overall I am very satisfied with the service they provided. They were prompt in scheduling my appointment and the service tech (Michael) showed up on time. Michael was pretty quick in diagnosing the problem which unfortunately was a melted piece stuck in the motor that was causing the motor not to work. He replaced the motor and the pump was back up and running in less than 30 mins. Overall it was a pretty nice experience unlike some of the horror reviews that I have read. I give both AHS and Aaron pools a 5 star rating.
2	The reviews are pretty accurate in my opinion. We have received poor service from them. Their service is inconsistent. At times they are great and at other times, they were there for 5 minutes and left. They promise to provide all of these service with each cleaning and in our experience, they have not done so. I can't recall the last time I saw them brush the sides of our pool. They don't always empty every basket. And I've never seen them vacuum the pool floor. And we paid for their highest level of service. We've called to complain about their techs being not thorough and they were rather defensive and didn't apologize or see what they could do to improve service. Overall, this is the attitude they seem to embrace. Rather than put the customer first, they get defensive. There have been other problems. For example, they stopped providing service on two separate occasions. In my opinion, their front office is disorganized. On two different occasions, they stopped providing service due to problems with their front office. On one occassion, they lost our billing information and another, they forgot to put us on their schedule.
1	Company was sent out through home warranty and they did a horrible job. I was worried as I saw all the other reviews confirming my concern. They didn't repair the job and then made it worse we had to call another pool company to fix their problem.
1	Am appalled and disgusted by the way that I was treated by the customer service person. Hugely unprofessional - literally lectured me and hung up on me. I was sent to them through my home warranty company. Thankfully, they assigned me a new pool service company to work with. Clearly they do not care about customer service - after reading that I am not alone in this issue, think Aaron Pools has to re-evaluate their team.
5	Wow, super surprised to see the negative reviews, not sure if they changed things, or if some of the bad reviews are bogus, because my experience was perfect.My pool pump was making a crazy loud noise, and then just shutting off completely. Like others, I have a home warranty through Old Republic, and I placed a service request. I had previously placed a request for the same problem, and got a different company- which was a nightmare.As luck would have it, I got an email back from Old republic saying Aaron Pools was going to take care of it. About an hour after getting the email, I got a call from Stephanie, who was super friendly, and helped to get me on the schedule.  The day before my appointment, I got a reminder phone call from her, and again she was very nice and answered all my questions.Today, Weston showed up to look at the pool pump. He spent time explaining what the probable causes of the failure were, and he began his diagnostics. Weston was super friendly and answered my million and one questions. After just a few minutes, he identified that the motor was cooked. My options were to put in a refurbished one, or for a minor fee get a brand new motor. I opted to get the new motor, and Weston didn't put any pressure either way, in fact he suggested going with the refurb, so I was only out the cost of the copay. Weston installed the brand new pump, and when I fired it up, I have never heard such a quiet pump, and my pool vacuum was swimming around so fast I thought it was on bath salts.I really appreciated the customer service, support, and professionalism from Weston and Aaron Pools. I would have NO hesitation in recommending them to a friend. In the world of home warranty repair, we know that it's a crapshoot, but it's nice to win once in a while, and with Aaron Pools, you have legit people taking care of your summer survival tool. Thanks Aaron Pools, I appreciate it!(Footnote. I can't help but point out the majority of the negative reviews are from people with limited or no profiles, or only one or two reviews and no photos. In the Yelp community, these are called "Orange heads" and honestly you need to strongly consider the validity of their reviews. They could just as easily be employees of a competing business. I always put more stock in reviewers with a good history of reviews, and Elite status reviews are usually very legit. Good luck!)
5	I just moved into a house with the water valve leaking. I had a pool guy come check it out and bought different pieces for it and it still never sealed the leak. I actually had the leak for about 2 weeks. After my pool guy couldn't fix it, I ended up calling my home warranty company to come and fix it. They had Westin come out from Aaron pools. He came to check the valve and ordered a new piece. The next day, he came back and replaced some old piping and replaced the whole valve under the home owners insurance. He was great to work with and very knowledgeable! Thanks Westin for your awesome work!
4	I called my home warranty company to request work for an issue with the pool pump. The work order was assigned to Aaron Pools on a Sunday evening. I got a call Monday morning from a friendly and helpful woman who scheduled a tech to come out  the next day. She gave me an idea of when the tech would be there, but advised that she'd call me back between 3-5pm to let me know the 'real' time once the schedule was set. She followed up and the tech was at my house within the window given. The tech (Mike) looked at the pump and identified the issue. I had done my homework so I had an idea of what needed replacement. The part had to be picked up so he left to get it, allowing me to get to work, and he came back, replaced the part, tested the system, and left a receipt. I checked everything out when I got home and the pump seems to work better than it has since I moved into the house six months ago. This was a trouble-free experience for me.
5	Mike came out in response to my home warrant call.  I was contacted by the company right away and Mike was even running ahead of schedule!  He was incredibly knowledgeable, able to correctly predict was was wrong simply by looking at my pool.  It turned out that my issue was not covered by the home warranty and was about to cost me.  However, Mike found the exact part I needed without replacing an entire section, and so I only had to pay the basic call fee.  All the while, he explained everything that was going on and answered all of my questions.  What a positive experience!
3	after reading all the poor reviews I figured give them a chance. my home warranty sent them to my house because of  a leaking pump. Daniel came to the house and fixed the leaK, great. but after my pool pump shut off the skimmer blew up. To find out there was air in the system.  I called Daniel he said that shouldn't happen, but it did. I found that I had to prime my pumps every morning, I knew that wasn't right. I finally got the air out on my own after many questions to friends. I called and left messages with Aaron pools, it was the Memorial Day weekend and knew no one would be there until Tuesday.  They said they called and left a message, never happened probably dialed wrong. my understanding is that 2 men came on Tuesday at 2, I was home, they never rang the bell. they changed o rings, the pool turned all white and the skimmer blew again. I called them to come back but they wouldn't until I called my warrenty company. they said it was a filter problem and that was a different issue. the receptionist was no help she didn't know how to handle people that are upset. I spoke to Nancy the office manager,  a little more understanding. finally 2 days later they came back. the tech who's name I thought was Stetson but from reading another review it might be Westin, he was early, great, he walked in the backyard took one look at the pool and said your water level is to low. I said should the other guys have noticed that? he just smiled. he said once the pool fills you will never have to prime it and there won't be air in the system. He double checked my filter he said there wasn't any problem with it. everything has been working perfect since. so what I am really saying is make sure Westin or (Stetson) is the tech to come out. he really is very knowledgeable. and a gentlemen.
5	I encountered Aaron Pools through my Home Warranty- Old Republic.  I received a call after I submitted in my "claim" and they were able to schedue with 48 hours.  The day prior to the repair visit, I had a lady call to give me the time window.  Our tech was on time, professional and courteous.  He did an exceptional job and explained each step to us and was able to show where the leak was, why the equipment was loud (motor had to be rebuilt) and provide thorough explanation.  I am very happy with their work and the professionalism and expertise that they demonstrated yesterday!  For all the work that was done, I paid my deductible and possibly changed who will maintain my pool for the future.
5	AJ did an exceptional job repairing our pool pump and filter.  He was professional and had everything running quickly.  AJ replaced the piston, valve and made certain that everything was working properly before he left.  Thank you for the great service
5	Aaron Pools was assigned by my home warranty company as the service provider for  my pool pump, which was leaking.  I was contacted by Aaron Pools very quickly after placing my service order online with the warranty company.  They were able to schedule a technician (AJ) the next day.  AJ showed up on time, diagnosed the problem, and came back within a couple of hours with the needed parts.  I am very happy with the service provided by AJ and Aaron Pools.
