1	DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!! Since moving here, I've had nothing but problems. the renovations have been a joke! i was told the pool and gym were open and available before i moved in, but as soon as i moved in the gym and pool were shut down to be updated. i went to the office to talk to them about it, and to tell them the reason i moved here not somewhere else was because they offered a pool. they told me it was an amenity that they did not have to offer if they didn't want to. when i asked why my rent was so high, since there were no more amenities. they told me it was just the way it is. it took them 6 months to finish the renovations to the gym and pool. when they did reopen, it was only during business hours. when most of us work.  they have recently spent 10's of thousands of dollars giving the complex a face lift, installing a key fob system, and installing a "security gate". except for the face lift NOTHING works. the system is an even bigger joke, i think they bought the cheapest system possible. half the time the security doors aren't even locked.  the front gate which causes much frustration to the residents doesn't even work half the time. it just stays open all night. (it took them 6 months to install this thing) and if you want to have friends come over and the gate is working good luck! you have to go to the front gate and use ur fob. (because the key pad system is frustrating as hell). or  you could have your friends do what most people seem to be doing. wait for someone to drive thru the gate and follow them in. almost every other night if the gate is working, 2 cars are waiting to piggy back me in when i open the gate. Their new gym is a laughing matter. they spent money on 5 new flat screen tv's and a couple treadmills. there actual workout equipment looks like it was found in a garage sale in the 70's. and a few of them are broken. when i asked the management if there were going to replace the equipment. i was shrugged at. and told they were not going to do anything about it. The water, sewer, trash bill is ridiculous. i have never paid so much for water in my life. last month my bill was 70 dollars. (WHEN I MOVED IN I WAS PROMISED IT WOULD BE NO MORE THAN $20) i have friends with families in a large house who pay less. they claim this price gouging cost is linked to my hot water usage. i have another theory. they water their lawn A LOT! at almost any time of the day, you can see a small river of runoff water from there cheap sprinklers  run thru the streets. they must be wasting thousands of gallons of water a day, and they are passing the cost the the residents. they didn't use much of there renovation money towards the apartments. if you want a newer (still cheap) electric stove and fridge you need to pay an extra 50 bucks a month. they installed really cheap laminate on concrete with tons of air bubbles and scratches. the windows are single pain and drafty. if you try sliding it open BE CAREFUL it might fall out. the doors are made from hollow cardboard material. the kitchens have very little awkward space to keep things. the insulation in the walls is really thin as well. you will notice in the winter when things get really drafty and chilly. SCORPIONS EVERYWHERE!!!!!! i find one in my apartment at least once a month. after the first scare, i bought a black-light flashlight and wet hunting outside my apartments. i found 9 within 10ft of my patio. aside from the scorpions the cockroach population is thriving. i have to spray outside my doors and windows  weekly to keep them out. if you turn your patio light on, sometimes dozens will scatter. I've talked to management about spraying, they told me they have a list and they will get back to me. as far as i know, nothing has been done about it. Long story short DO NOT MOVE HERE, every day i see people packing up and moving and i wish i was one of them. as soon as my lease is up i am going to join them. Management lures people in with promises of available amenities,  brand new office. but once you are in you realize everything they say is a lie.
2	I don't live here, but I visit family that live here. It's always a mess, I've been by to visit daily and there has been an empty beer bottle laying near one of the walkways that no one has bothered to pick up. The kids play area has screws coming out of the fixtures. Kids run amok, with no parents in sight. Not mention the scorpions I have seen around the property. This is not my area of town, but if it were, I surely would go look else where.
1	I've had nothing but trouble since I moved in. We ordered a  renovated apartment a month before moving in. 2 days before moving in they told us they hadn't even started on the renovations. Their reason was they forgot. This is the first of many things promised witch was a lie. Not to mention the rude staff. I DON'T RECOMMEND LIVING HERE.
1	DO NOT MOVE HERE! We moved here in Feb 2014 and have been very disappointed. The management company spent way too much money on remodeling the office and not enough on hiring maintenance men to clean up the property..We have complained 6 different times about our dryer not working and they still have not fixed it!!! We also pay over $900 in rent for an "upgraded" unit. We are completly dissasitived with the managment here and cannot wait to move.Also keep in mind that the site has the most idiotic gates and they spray paint the dead grass some dark green color. It's horrible.Once again PLEASE DO NOT MOVE HERE!
5	GREAT PLACE TO LIVE!  I just renewed my lease for many reasons. The place is nice gated community and quiet at night. Any maintaince issues gets resolved quickly. The office staff are fantastic! And like anywhere in NV we see some bugs, well I let the office know. And they took care of spraying quick, and haven't seen one since. Gym is 24hr which I love. And it safe around here.
5	a great place to leave... Awesome staff , beautiful playhouse, essential asr just what a tenate would want, pool, gym, bussiness center and just a quiet place Period..
4	I have lived here for over a year, this place is now under new management and have done a great job taking over. Very friendly and helpful office staff. Anytime I've had an issue with a maintenance error, it's always fixed within a reasonable time.
5	I highly recommend anyone reading these reviews must read this. I am updating my review because I feel as if some of these reviews are unfair. New management has gone above and beyond to repair the train wreck to which was left for them, LESS than a year ago. I personally am a business manager so I know a thing or two about what I'm actually talking about. People have one bad experience, and rather than talking to property management, they immediately revert to bashing on social medias, such as Yelp. Communication is key, in any relations. Anytime I've had a question or issue with anything, All of the staff in the front office are not only polite and understanding, but they make sure they listen to what I have to say. My professional opinion thus far has concluded that although there still may be some bumps that need to be curved out, customer service is and always will be very important to the new staff. And being so that new management is still fixing old errors which had clearly not been attended to by previous owners, people should think before they give such a low star rating. Because once stars have been removed, the business can't ever get those back. At this point in time, to say this company has a two and a half star rating is not only insulting, but unfair by any means. To any and all yelpers, please give your review some thought and don't fly off the handle at the smallest thing. And educated and well thought out plan of perhaps constructive criticism is a better approach. Yelp is a tool that all of us business owners rely on.
