4	always happy to dine here!
2	One of the first Indian restaurants I have ever eaten at. Actually I think it might of been the first. I don't know if that disqualifies me from being a half decent critic. But I have eaten tonnes of Indian food since, and this place just didn't cut it. The food was bland, uninspired, and presented in a sloppy fashion. Granted it is Indian food, but I believe that Indian unfairly gets a bad rap for being mishmash food. I think this place gets away with serving sub par Indian food, I do not recommend it.
1	I have to agree with the first reviewer, very disappointing.  If you want better Indian food at an amazing price, I would have to recommend Thali on the corner of St-Marc and St-Catherine a block away.
1	One star (no pun intended) just to be polite. The worst expensive Indian food I have ever had. Had the chicken korma, it was bland and on the cold side. Would not go back.
1	Not sure what was going when the Montreal Mirror wrote that review of Star of India but something must have changed. Their food was marginal.... and that's talking about the best dish I had. I think what really took the cake was when I had an order of chapati (for $1.50) and only 1 came. What's with that?! It's like buying a bag of chips only to find out that there are only a few in the entire bag..... It's like an electronic toy given without the batteries on Christmas...I mean if this chapati had been made with golden, mythical, Elysian wheat then maybe the price would have been justified...Ok i'm done. Star of India, like your name implies, only 1 star for you.
4	So after stopping here for dinner while vacationing in Montreal, I was really surprised it had such a low star rating on yelp. I think that some of the older reviews are out of date - b/c this place was really good!! The staff was super nice, and the food was delicious! I had a vegetarian sampler plate, which was a ton of food for an awesome price. The chef's fruit sauce that came with the samosas was so good! I wish he bottled that stuff for sale. The garlic naan was also great, and my boyfriend said the lamb curry was amazing. They gave us both a dessert at the end of dinner, which I can only describe as something similar to a donut hole soaked in a delicious sugar syrup - yum. I would definitely recommend this place!
1	This place looks like it has had numerous health-code violations and the food is extremely overpriced, meals do not include rice or naan and the dish I had was extremely bland and possibly older than it should've been. Not to mention the service was rather on the pompous side.
3	I found Star of India to be alright. Nothing overly wrong with this restaurant from what I experienced.When I came in, I got served immediately and the waiters were pretty quick to take my orders and check up on me which I like. The butter chicken on their menu tastes and same with the chapati bread. I found the prices here to be somewhat reasonable and the decor of this place was kinda East Indian like, which is expected.Overall, I found this restaurant to be good and could be worth a second visit but then again, I'm not the biggest fan of Indian fan, just occasionally.FINAL GRADE: B
3	I don't eat Indian food that often so I don't really know what is good 'good'. I ordered the beef curry and buttered chicken and it was okay but not memorable. Rice or naan not included! :( The kebab appetizer wasn't that great (dry and expensive) overall soso.
3	I didn't know what to expect here, so with no expectations, this place wasn't too shabby. It wasn't spectacular however either.The chicken liver appetizer was delicious (especially if you don't like the taste of liver), while the mango lassi was pretty good. We ordered the lamb and chicken spiced up, and it was delivered as such. The naan was buttered, not dry and not burnt to a crisp. The daal soup is rather decent too.Service time here is lengthy, and at busy times, I can imagine being here quite a while. It takes them ten minutes to prepare an iced tea, which has enough sugar to give someone diabetes. That said, and even with the wait time, we were done and out in just over an hour. Not a bad place to check out.
5	So far this is the best indian restaurant I've ever been to. Others always disappoint me but this one knows how to deliver good food with proper service. would eat again 10/10
