5	Brighton Gardens of Scottsdale is a very well-kept place on the inside and on the outside. I included photos of the grounds near the northwest portion of the complex at 60Th ST and Thomas RD. As of today, the map shown at Yelp for Brighton Gardens is not accurately showing the location of 6001 E Thomas RD. The three staff members that I had contact with were very friendly and helpful. This Hospice of the Valley location is located on the Valley Metro (602-253-5000) bus line #29 (Thomas RD). There is a Fry's Food Store across the street on the north side of Thomas RD. The room I visited was very comfortable and clean.http://www.sunriseseniorliving.com/communities/brighton-gardens-of-scottsdale/Overview.aspx
5	Having to face the unfortunate fact that we may have to move our mother to a care facility I checked out Brighton Gardens on Thomas and 60th street.  I showed up a half hour prior to my planned meeting and was able to sit and observe the staff and what was going on.  Working in the medical field for over 25 years I know the signs to look for.  I was very pleased my the joy I saw on the employees faces.  I knew it was a happy place to be for everyone.  After meeting with Ginny the coordinator I felt really good.  I don't feel like it was a "nursing home".  The place was very nice.  I felt like I was in a hotel.  Having helped at a nursing home as a teenager I could never forget the smell of a nursing home. I can tell you this is not a nursing home.  It was wonderful, clean, active and happy.  I would recommend it for anyone looking for a great place for a loved one.
5	My father died quite a few years ago, of ALS. It is a cruel, painful way to die. Fortunately, he spent his last few months getting hospice care, while living at Brighton Gardens. The staff there were unbelievably kind and thoughtful. I didn't realize this until much later, when I started looking for a place for my mother and realized how pitifully few places match this kind of quality. End-of-life is cruel, it can strip every last bit of dignity away from a person. But Brighton Gardens staff understood this and did everything they could to help him, and us. If we lived in Arizona now, I would definitely consider this place for my dear mom.
