5	Fetch is a great place.  Employees will goo-goo and ga-ga your animals just like you do.  They will truly agree that your dog is absolutely the most amazing creature.  I don't even care that it's empty and trite, and that they say that to everyone.  They mean it when they say it to me, I'm sure of it.  The staff is very knowledgeable about their wide range of holistic pet products, predominantly food.  You won't find melamine-tainted anything.  They are the kind of idealists that you wish shared their outstanding passion with local politics or elementary school gardens so that the world could be a better place.  Every year I mean to bring them a christmas / non-denominational present to show my appreciation.  And, just like my family, they may have to wait until next year when I have matured enough to plan ahead.My favorite service is the do-it-yourself dog batherie.  I have to clean up enough dog hair from my house, that I prefer to fork over the $12 and allow them the pleasure to clean up after the baths.  You bring your dog(s) into a back room outfitted with two large industrial washers, that look like restaurant dish-washers complete with the hanging extend-a-spring-grip-squeeze hose.  They have several all-natural shampoos and conditioners that you can choose by turning the dial already connected to the sprayer.  Ease of use.  There are many brushes and combs, sanitized and waiting neatly to de-dread your pooch, along with splash-proof aprons and those small towel things that start dry and hard, but are super-absorbent and awesome to dry off your canine.  I should get those for me.  What are they called, argh!When it is done, and you have a super-clean happy dog, you sort of do a light cleanse of the tools you used, and the general area to be polite, and they take care of the rest.  Then, as you parade your pups back out and pay, they lavish you with compliments as to how great of a pet caretaker you are, offering free treats over the counter, and ringing you up efficiently and knowledgeably.  They have a huge variety of raw / kibble / canned / treats / toys / beds / literature, etc...  The sale rack in the back is always filled with interesting delights.I endorse this place highly.
5	This is my favorite pet supply store! ever!!! I am a Scottsdale Pet Sitter, and I deal with a lot of other pet related businesses and stores and Fetch is my go-to store!The store itself is huge and has a variety of human grade health pet foods. They have premade raw and bones!  Treats, chews, clothes, brushes, supplements....this place has it all.And the prices are awesome, less then Petco! The staff is super friendly and helpful. They can help you pick a food or help with any questions you may have!This is a store is a must for every pet owner!
5	They have EVERYTHING you need here, they know what they talk about when it comes to high quality pet food, they carry your bags out to your car and the workers' doggies who come to work with them will greet you when you enter.  I've been a customer for 5 years, in 2 different locations.  Love the place.
5	What a great store! The staff is so knowledgeable and friendly. They have a tremendous assortment of food, toys, treats and just about anything else you could want for your furry pal. Dogs love it there too! Mine always finds a new friend to play with when we go so it's a great outing for both of us!
5	This is my favorite pet stuff store in the area.  I just moved here and was disappointed at the lack of pet stores that carry decent dog food & treats.  I was thrilled to finally find Fetch.  They carry all of the holistic/premium foods that all dogs deserve and their prices are great.  The staff  is very friendly and knowledgeable - true dog lovers!  If you want the best for your pet, buy their food here, you won't be disappointed!
5	The best pet supply store around, hands down. They have all the best foods, great treats and toys for your cat or dog. The staff is wonderful. They were really helpful in trying to find the right food for my dog. I also have two small kids, and the staff always loads my car since my hands are always full. One staff member even suggested I call ahead and they'd have my food waiting up front for me, since they have record of my usual purchase. I can't say enough great things about this place. Ditch the chains (PetSmart/Petco) and come here for your pet supply needs!
5	About 10 years ago I used to go to Fetch all the time. If I remember correctly they used to be off of Scottsdale and Thunderbird. I went back today because I didn't feel like driving down to a competitor's store. I am glad I did. The selection is huge, the customer service is wonderful. Probably the one thing that really made me glad I went back is the owner's commitment to our community. There were 4 kittens who are very young upfront that are going to be part of an adoption soon. I came to find out the owner also has a cat rescue program offering people a resource to spay and neuter their cats, and hopefully find homes. Truly a wonderful gesture in a much needed arena. I highly recommend this wonderful store to everyone.
1	DISAPPOINTING!!! I  have been taking my dog to Fetch Doggie Store for about 6 years. At the time it was the only holistic groomers I could find. Trust me I did a lot of research. The groomers have all been great even with change of ownership. The problem is scheduling, cluster of a front desk, lack of organization and customer knowledge. You would think they would be able to pull up your pets history at some point during the scheduling process. It felt as if we hadn't been a loyal customer for so many years. The last straw was 2-weeks ago I called and reserved an appointment. I asked if they were open on the Presidents Day. After confirming they were open my dog was all set. Understanding Fetch does not offer reconfirming appointment calls, I thought I should follow up the day of the appointment. The young lady informed me the Groomers were off and there was nothing scheduled for today. Disappointing! So happy to have other options today.
5	Fetch ROCKS! If you are looking for a place where you will not only have fun but also receive amazing information and advice about everything your dog or cat will need then Fetch is the place for you. Make sure you ask for Krystal as she has become our own personal "dog consultant" and she will lead you in the perfect direction to give your pet family the proper love they need and deserve. Thanks Team Fetch, we love you guys. Jenna, Drew & Poi Poi
5	Absolutely fantastic people!I had a grooming Appointment and My dog has a bad case of separation anxiety and has also been traumatized from previous groomers but sherrie(Spell Check?) was able to work with us so that he felt comfortable, after he was groomed I met Krystal(The Manager) and we all talked about lots of Fun things like Holistic healings and Crystals and Reiki and all that awesome stuff Lol. They informed me on a lot of things within the store and I loved how knowledgeable and helpful they were! At the end of my visit I actually ran into the Store Owner briefly and she was a Doll. So kind and sweet! The store truly operates like one big Happy family, I love the way they communicate with each other and with the customers as well.Definitely one of THEE best Pet stores I have EVER gone to! They have 100% NATURAL Doggie treats. I can always rest assured knowing they have provided 100% Healthy, Holistic food and treats for my Baby.They also have a Wellness Center that they are working on where they will offer Healing's for both Pets AND their Owners which I am extremely excited about, if you don't already know the benefits of Healing Crystals, Reiki, Aromatherapy, Sound Healing's and all that NEXT LEVEL stuff, Then I highly advise you google it and do your research, because it is most definitely the way of the future and you don't wanna be missing out on all this goodness!
5	GREAT pet shop that carries all of the healthy brands of dog food.   A little difficult to find... but I will be back ;)
