4	This place is probably the best hand car wash in the valley and is definitly worth the 15 bucks it cost for the full service wash. The guy that runs the place helps out and personally ensures his little mexican helpers do the job correctly and will even open the door for you, not service that is experienced to much anymore. He only has two bays for cars so if you get there and it is busy it might take awhile but ussually he gets you right in.
5	Nice place. 100% hand wash. Friendly service. Good prices. I had a truck full of bug hits from comming into town. This place cleaned 'em all up. You can't get that from the automatic car washes. The place is small, so you will have some wait, but their service is worth it. I do recommend this place. They even offered me a free car wash if I come back by the end of the month. Very nice!!
4	My new hand-wash car wash. I normally wash my car but due to vegas heat, i decide to bring it here. Its was reasonable and quick.  I will be back.  The phone number to this place is incorrect- this place is still in business.
2	Everything about this place was just okay. The wash was $15 and for that price there are/were (I could only take care of some) a lot of streaks on my car and the tint was scratched. The scratch may not have been from them but who knows? The inside was vacuumed very well and the guy was friendly enough. Though,  I won't be back. My car just happened to be super dirty and they are near my house.
4	I came with an oversize vehicle and they did a pretty good job on it, but they forgot the spare wheel under the vehicle that was kind of dirty and good visible.I didn't have any time to say anything but I would next time.I still gave the address to others with similar vehicles as the job was great and as long as you point these things out you will be fine.Besides this little problem it looked very good for a vehicle that drove through flooded death valley and rainy monument valley.
5	We had to get our rental car cleaned in a hurry before heading to the airport. Most full service car washes were closed by 5:30 p.m., but this place was open.First class people and top notch service. Car was spotless, interior was super clean, almost detailed, glass was sparkling. Price was for a standard car wash.Definitely gonna stop by here again the next time we're in Vegas.
