4	Every time I have come here I always get my order correct, a delicious tostada salad, more than decent service, and a $2 coupon for doing a survey on my receipt. The wait time is a little longer than desirable but for fresh, hot food this is completely acceptable. Their salsa bar is always well stocked and clean, and I just can't get enough of their black salsa. It's not spicy, it's just so good! I have not been able to tear myself away from the tostada salad yet but a few other things on the menu look good.Honestly I am somewhat snobby about authentic Mexican food. This is not authentic, but it's still very tasty and that more than makes up for that. Also they have plentiful outdoor seating unlike other Bajas I have been to.
2	Am I the only hater on here?  The store seemed really messy to me and my ultimo burrito (or whatever the called it) was soggy.  Pretty sure I could feed the burrito to my 5 month old daughter and her pediatrician would not have objected.  That's how soggy it is.  It's also possible that a combination of Cafe Rio in combination with the plethora of authentic Mexican Food in this city has spoiled me in regards to Mexican food.  The salsa was really chunky too.  I know some people enjoy the consistency of a good pico de gallo but that is really not my thing.  Bottom line is I did not enjoy my lunch here.  I thought it was over priced for the quality of what I got.  It's the southwest man...THE SOUTHWEST.  You can get to Mexico in 6 hours...you can do better than Baja Fresh.
4	My diablo shrimp burrito easy beans enchilada style was FFRAFRAFraaaarreeessshhh! Obviously from my writing you can tell I am full.. Why? Because I'm exuding happiness!
5	Not my first time of visiting a baja... but definitely the bestest. This review is mostly based on the level of customer service I received. The moment I walked in the door I was warmly greeted by Gisela with her gorgeous smile asking if I was ready to order or needed more time. she respected that I needed a few minutes to decide then came over. She also patiently took my annoying order "little of this, none of that, don't forget..." she repeated it back perfectly and even asked personally, "Are you having a rough day?" ... to which I just said I'm looking forward to my next day off. Still, who asks about your day anymore?! awesome stuff. Not to stop there... as I found a table to sit and wait for my burrito, she came over and apologized saying "I might have sprayed a product with bleach here. sorry" well I don't see any stains on my uniform and it's not like it was her fault anyways. I even watched her as she told the cook precisely how I wanted everything prepared and it came out perfectly and tasty. Excellent customer service! she even mentioned "have a good day & come back here soon" I'll have to take her up on that since I work nearby. I know it's just Baja Fresh, but if you haven't visited this location or had the pleasure of meeting Gisela then you're missing out on an awesome guest experience.
4	Wahoo Skinny bowl is delicious! Very clean restaurant. Parking SUCKS!
5	I come here every week. I love their fish tacos! The manager and staff are so, so nice and I sit outside with my puppy Leo.
5	Not sure what was BETTER!...the food or the service?Every time I stop at this location the staff is just so welcoming. For a "fast" food service I wouldn't necessarily expect it but the people that work there must love their job because it seems apparent. They are so friendly, every time. The food is always awesome. Fresh and fast. Reasonably priced as well. Love, love, love.
5	I've been eating Baja Fresh ever since the first restaurant opened in Newburry Park, CA. It's always delicious, even to this day and after all the corporate buyouts of the brand, ownership changes, etc. The recipes and food quality remain the same as they did all those years ago in the beginning, during the early 1990's. More specifically, this store in Las Vegas on West Lake Mead is my personal favorite, not just because it's now the closest to me since recently moving, but because of how incredible everything consistently tastes, the cleanliness of the restaurant itself, and the fantastic staff and service. Chipotle is great, but Baja is the original, and still the best!
3	Ok, so how do I start. Well, we walked in and were greeted enthusiastically. It was a really warm welcome, and we were happy to be there. I'm not sure what happened, but we did not get what we ordered. Yes, we should have verified our order with our receipt, but we have ordered the same thing many times. We wanted the battered fish tacos, but got the grilled instead. They were good, but not what we were looking forward to today. I love their salsa bar with the variety of salsas, Pico and limes. We got a healthy serving of tortilla chips. Unfortunately, I think that we got the leftovers from the previous day since we arrived shortly after they opened. They were stale. Blah. The set up here was odd. There was the main dining area, and then a whole other side with a soda machine and condiment area. Except, there were no condiments, and I'm not sure the soda machine worked over there. The ceiling fans were on high, and were blowing our napkins around. The music came on a few minutes after we arrived, and was way too loud. I believe our cashier was named Gregorio, and he was the highlight of our experience. Extremely nice and enthusiastic. Other than that, this is my least favorite Baja Fresh to date.
3	All this time, I thought Baja Fresh was a fast-food place comparable in quality to Del Taco- but then my office ordered lunch here. And my mind was changed! Their quality is higher than fast-food caliber, produce is fresh, salads are huge. None of these things I can say about Del Taco or Taco Bell.Menu has tacos and burritos, nachos and flautas, bowls and salads- quite a few of them! Lots of customization options, too, and sides include chips and salsa, guac, or cheese. Opted for the Cilantro Lime Shrimp salad and a chicken tortilla soup- even though I really wanted nachos.Salad was huge and fresh, tons of shrimp (8-10) with a tasty cilantro sauce and at least half of an avocado. Soup was a bit on the greasy side but had a ton of chicken and good overall flavor. Probably won't make this a regular place, but glad to know quality is better than their exterior suggests.
2	It's pseudo-Mexican fast-food and all, but I really like Baja Fresh. Usually, that is. This particular location's odd, uninviting customer service has just about ruined it for me. They really don't seem to have a clue what they're doing or how to do it.Not long ago, after ordering a taco combo plate, I had to return it because it was smothered in sour cream (for the first time in many visits). No big deal. Stuff happens, right? Well, everyone behind the counter acted like I was somehow at fault. The menus (paper and board) plainly list all of the stuff that comes on each item. Sour cream is listed in neither place, but they acted like I was being difficult for only wanting what was advertised on my tacos. "No crema?" over and over again. No...because it doesn't come on it! Granted, it was in Spanish, but the entire staff seemed to spend the next 10 minutes loudly debating the situation, the cook rolling his eyes and the server repeatedly checking the paper menu for proof of my mistake. Even on the 5th time, it still didn't say anything about sour cream. I will say that the manager did quickly step-in and tell them to remake my food, but even he seemed not to believe that they had messed-up in any way, that it was my fault. Eh, it is what it is. Everyone is entitled to an off day, right? Then last night, when my wife and I went back in, I made it a point to just go ahead and avoid any possible confusion by ordering my food without sour cream (that it obviously isn't supposed to come with in the first place). "It doesn't come with it, sir."? Really? No shit? Well, maybe you should inform the rest of your staff because they clearly didn't get the memo. Anyway, when my wife tried to order a small plate of nachos, the cashier told her that they only had large plates left, so she had to order a large nacho instead. My wife asked why they couldn't just put the small portion on the larger plate for the appropriate price (It wasn't her fault their stock order was short), but the girl just smiled, said something that I think was mumbled Spanish and cheerfully said "No". That was that. Now, neither experience is some kind of massive, unbelievable offense, but they were both rather frustrating and, far beyond that, textbook examples of substandard, lazy, utterly unconcerned customer service. And with that being said, I don't really see us going back to this location any time soon.
