3	I know this place isn't authentic, but the Orange Chicken is pretty darn good. Also, the staff here is friendly and the location is clean. I don't love the prices, but it's fast and convenient. They also have this Peach Green Tea that is freakin' tasty. I think I refilled my cup like 3 times.
4	I am a fan of Panda Express. Just like the majority of Panda Express restaurants I have been to, the service was good. They filled up my plate (sometimes Panda Express does not fill up the plate). And the food was of the quality I expect from Panda Express.  The only negative is that it seems that they discontinued serving soup.
3	This is as good as it gets for assembly line fast Chinese food.  The food is tasty however the portions are deceiving.  They fill your dish with rice or chow mein and pile on your entree which never has much protein in it.  I love the chicken with string beans and the pepper chicken but you get very little chicken and mostly vegetables.  Prices are too high for the portion size you get.  I do continue to eat here once every few months,
3	It's a typical Panda Express, but the plus is that they have a drive-thru. I'm not typically a fan of Panda Express, but I was in a rush and I was hungry, so I sped through the drive through and it's quick and pretty good if you're on the run.
4	panda panda panda...... what can i say, i love the fact that they are fast and always fresh. this is not really authentic chinese food but when u are in a hurry and need to get your fix in for chinese this will do....
4	Love this location because the employees know how to fill the plate and make sure you get what you pay for -- no skimpy portions here! The food is typical Panda fare but it's usually pretty fresh as they cook all day long. The employees are friendly and there's a drive-thru which is super nice. And the bathrooms and dining room are clean. No complaints.
5	When it comes to chinse fast food panda express is the best! This location is no stranger to great service and awesome flavor! I have been to multiple pandas as it is my all time faviort fast food place and I have to say that the service is not always the best. sometimes they are always in a hurry and just want to push you threw the line. Not here!!!The crew was fast, friendly and all the food was fresh. We had to wait for the orange chicken but ussally when this happens we wait at least 10 min. But these guys were on it!! You will not be disappointed with this lands. They even have a drive thru!
4	Always Fresh with Great Attentive Service
1	This was my first time to a Panda, so I do not have the menu memorized. I guess I should have studied ahead, because if you look around or try to read the board, you cease to exist. When I walked in, I was the only customer. The lady behind the counter offered me a sample and I took it. As I put it in my mouth, I moved down the food case to see what they had. Just as I got ready to place my order, a blonde woman walked in behind me. The employee asked if she wanted a sample. Blondie said no and proceeded to order FOR FIVE PEOPLE. Now, common courtesy (or one hour of customer service training) would have dictated the clerk say something like, "Excuse me, let me get this person's order first, as she was here before you." Instead, she looked right through me and proceeded to fill all five orders while I stood there looking like a dope. Someone from the back came up to ask me if I had been helped. I told her I got a sample and then the other woman cut in front of me, so, no, I was still waiting for service. She said, "OK." and returned to the back without offering to help me. Miss Clorox was still building her order, so I went to the bathroom. When I came back, she was STILL ordering while the clerk filled to-go box after box full of food and stacked them into bags. I stood there and watched the drive-through people scamper around for a bit, then decided I'd just leave. As I turned to go, the lady from the back came up again, rolled her eyes like, "Oh, you're still here," and asked if mine was to go. I was so excited to be visible again that I went ahead and ordered. I got the vegetables and the walnut shrimp. No, I didn't want rice. No, I didn't want egg rolls. No, I didn't want cookies. No, I didn't want those fried wonton thingies. No, I didn't want another entree.  I guess I didn't order enough, because she kept trying to sell me something. She finally talked me into getting some iced tea.Sat down. Ate. Wish I'd left. It's basically pseudo Chinese-McDonalds. Not worth the effort. Oh yeah, and there were no towels in the bathroom. Fail.
2	Service was bad, we could tell that the food was not fresh and when we asked for fresh they acted as if it was a chore. Not happy with the service, but it was clean.
3	This is your average experience when talking about fast chinese food.  Although this particular place does usually have fresh food.    My biggest ding?  How they skimp out on the entrees.  Most times you have to tell your server, "Umm can you give a lil more?"  I'm a big fella, but seriously when I don't ask I'll get 3 pieces of beef and few broccoli if don't give a heads up.  Makes you ponder sometimes if they get the beef from the servers' family farms lol... that goes for any entree you get btw.  Aside from the lack of food this place ain't bad.  It's not good, but it's not bad.  Their best entree by far is their honey walnut shrimp so get that (4 of 5).    Oh yeahhhh, my other pet peeve why do they play traditional Chinese music for God's sake?  It's not like Taco Bell plays regional Mexican music... just saying...
5	I always go here! Its fast, the food is great. The price is decent! I love the chinese food! Especially the orange chicken. Gotta have that to complete your meal! Im surprised that they started to sell steamed brown rice which is healthy because its good for you!
4	always a big fan of panda
1	Waited for 12 freaking Minutes in drive thru from the time i ordered for the kids meal version of the terriyaki chicken. If it wasnt for my child who is limited to certain foods because of allergies, i wouldve just drove away without getting anything even though i paid. Not that anyone from this business will see this anyway. One star because i cant choose zero
3	I came in with my boyfriend because we were craving Asian and this is sadly the only place I know of that's decent without getting food poisoning.The fried rice was bland, no flavor.  I tried the cod they had and I actually liked it. Still went with  sweet fire (spicy sweet & sour) chicken and grilled teriyaki chicken. It was really good but I would of been happier if they had sweet and sour chicken that's my favorite. We've come here twice and both times have been good experiences. Just wish it was slightly better the food didn't seem flavorful it was just OK.  Very clean restruant however.
1	Basically,  I went in for a quick take out and I got more than that, I got the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  There was only one person behind the counter and she was assisting a large order.  There were two other employees but they were socializing with people in the dining area.  I stood there and waited five minuted to be served.  Once served, the lady basically disregarded everything I said.  She stacked the food on top of itself so the sweet fire chicken was covered with the green bean chicken.  She scraped the bottom of the pan instead of getting the new tray behind her.  I pointed out the new tray behind her, she looked at it and continued to scrape the bottom of the tray to get every last ounce out.  God forbid I get any fresh food.  I stood and waited because I wanted pot stickers, she walked by and rung me up and seemed disturbed when I said I was still ordering.  By the way, got no pot sticker sauce but that's no surprise.  She rang me up and as I paid another employee yelled something at her to the extent of "I guess you are in charge now."  She rolled her eyes and went back to providing me with no customer service. Stay away at all costs. No customer service to speak of. It was funny because the Cafe Rio near this Panda was packed and I didn't have time to wait.  Next time I will wait at Cafe Rio.
4	We came here 1x so this is based on our first experience the food was fresh and they gave lots of food we were able to share 2 plates of 2 choices with 3 adults and 1 child.   It was clean and close to our new home . We just moved from Hawaii and we go to alot of panda express and this was the first Panda that I enjoyed.
2	Rangoons were cold, rice was dry and old as was the noodles.  Worst of all service was very slow.
2	Went to Albertsons after work last night, and decided to stop and grab some dinner. Got the 3 entree combo. Honey Walnut Shrimp, Beijing Beef and Orange Chicken. Comes with your choice of fried rice or chow mein, which is not like any chow mein I have ever seen before. I always experienced it with saucy vege mix and dry crunchy noodles. This was closer to lo mein. Wasn't too bad though. Shrimp was good, beef and chicken were meh. For fast food Chinese at $10, not too bad. Would prefer a real Chinese restaurant, but those don't seem to exist here in Las Vegas.
2	As a parent I just can't find much nutrition in this menu plus I've never had a meal here I like.  With that being said.  My sons love this place.  Thick sweet syrup on most of the entrees and meals is probably why. When they beg to here I eat elsewhere and let them indulge
1	I recently went through the drive thru at the Blue Diamond Panda Express location. When I got home and opened my food (which was supposed to be string bean chicken with brown rice) what I found was absolutely repulsive. Old, mushy rice. Wilted, slimy green beans. Stuff that wasn't even supposed to be in my dish like mushrooms and zucchini. And absolutely ZERO chicken. They obviously serve the drive thru customers the old disgusting garbage that the walk in restaurant customers would never accept as palatable, digestible  food.  The reason why I'm leaving this review is because this is not the first time this has happened to me at this location. Obviously, they make it a practice to serve up questionable food to their drive thru customers, most likely in order to reduce food waste and keep their costs down. When I called I spoke to the "manager", Summer, who apologize to me but offered me no solution whatsoever. Perhaps the General Manager of this location should  rethink who he or she decides to leave in charge, and should serioisly think about re-staffing this restaurant, because it is obviously staffed with individuals who think it's ok to serve up this type of trash to their customers. What is going to happen is somebody is going to end up getting sick and this business is going to end up being sued for negligence. All in all, I drove 4 miles and paid over $6 for a bowl full of hot garbage that I would be ashamed to serve to my dog. The only reason why this Panda Express location is getting a one star review from me is is because there is no negative star option on Yelp. I think I will choose to spend my hard earned money at the Teriyaki Madness that just opened nearby. I would not set foot in Panda Express again if it were free.
1	This cashier named SUMMER was rude AF. So my order was sitting there for like 15 minutes waiting to be ringed up and I WAS IN A HURRY cause i was running late for work. She then asked me "what can i get for u?" Like, not even nicely. So i said "can u ring up my order" then she gave me this evil and sarcastic look and goes "of course i can ring it up for you" with a mean attitude face.  Horrible horrible customer service.
2	Less than stellar experience. We came to the drive thru 40 minutes prior to closing to be told that they only had very limited choices, none of which were what I had intended to get when I arrived there. Word to the wise, don't expect black pepper chicken or beef and broccoli in the hour before closing. Not planning on revisiting this panda location.
