5	Dr Grimm is fantastic. He is very respectful and knowledgeable. He makes you an informed part of you healthcare decisions. Yes, it is costly, but totally worth it.
5	My experience with Dr. McCallum and the rest of the staff throughout the past 10 months of care here has been fabulous. Procedures done at this office: 2 - routine cleanings1 - large lower back molar filling replacement (original by another dentist)1 - large upper back molar filling replacement (original by another dentist)1 - small filling behind a front upper tooth1 - Replacement crown, the previous crown was placed by another dentist in 2008 and the surface was flaking off. Firstly, Dr. McCallum is very attentive to pain management. It has always been difficult for Novocain to completely numb my teeth. At one appointment I needed two separate medications (shots) through 4 different applications in slightly different areas. Dr. McCallum was extremely patient and did not ever ask me to just "suck it up" and deal with not being completely numb. This has been consistent through any of my procedures.One of my large upper molar fillings was done by another dentist(not at this office) around 2005. It had also chipped and needed to be replaced. Unfortunately the filling was very close to the nerve and afterward the tooth was very sore for a number of days. Concerned, I called and was able to get in to see the dentist with 2 hours notice. They ran some tests and decided that the tooth should be monitored for root health for the next few weeks. (I should mention this appointment was also free, and considered a follow up to the filling) Two days later, Dr. McCallum personally called me to check on how I was doing. He supported my decision to wait and see if a root canal was necessary, and I felt very informed about the various options.Had i needed a root canal i did some research. The hygienist said they are very routine in this office. Dr. McCallum does multiple procedures each week. For more advanced procedures with curving roots they do refer patients out.Just this past month I had a tooth colored crown made by this office to replace a chipped crown from another dentist. The replacement is amazing, my own mother cannot tell which tooth has a new crown. This sounds over the top but I honestly couldn't be happier with the result.As far as the previous reviewers comments about the dentist being "dismissive." I can only speak for Dr. McCallum but I always felt respected as a patient. I will say the office is HUGE, and this can be very intimidating coming from a smaller "mom and pop" dentist practice. With so many dentists and hygienists there are patients walking in and out all the time, resist the urge to just feel like, "another number" because of the size. Instead value the office for the excellent resources and state of the art equipment.As you can see I have had many dental procedures over the years and even in the best clinics you need to be prepared to advocate for yourself.  Ultimately you are paying for a service, feel empowered to ask questions and understand the procedure before it starts.
