2	Grrrr....the whole purpose of arranging for a sedan/limo airport pickup is to not have to wait around trying to figure out where to go.  The driver was late and didn't read the reservation comments to see we wouldn't have bags to claim or to find our cell number to let us know where the heck he was.  70 bucks is not a bad price for an hour and a half, and once we got in the driver did everything we asked.  Really irritating though, at the beginning of our trip....McCarren airport is such a zoo!
2	I have used ODS for the last three years and their service has been very good. But twice in the last year someone from there has attempted to steal my credit card info. I have a credit card that I only use for paying for my rides to and from the airport.  Twice the day after I have used ODS other charges have shown up on my card.  I am done using them as my limo service!
5	After reading reviews at Yelp & TripAdvisor I called one of the larger limo services to provide transportation for our sunset Red Rock Canyon wedding. When I learned that there was no limo was availabile I asked for a referral and was given names for two smaller companies. I used ODS and could not have been more pleased. UNLIKE other larger limo services who charge an ADDITIONAL $300 to drive to Red Rock (over and above hourly rates) ODS DID NOT AND provided VIP services (ice and champagne glasses), an excellent chauffer, great stretch limo at EXTREMELY reasonable rates! Phone personnel were ALL courteous, efficient and knowledgable. Look NO FURTHER for your limo needs!
5	I have been more impressed with yelp during summer 2012 and tried great new things.  I drove limos in the 1980 rock and roll era, and know a few things about car and limo challenges. My small business uses car services in several major cities and we have some direct accounts with a few national and local operators. I am not employed by any of these companies, but it's fair to say, all limo operators wrestle with fuel prices, insurance, changing fleet options, and especially in Vegas, a very rapidly changing market.I used our traditional vendor upon my arrival last week, August 3, 2012. I will review that in the appropriate post. The other company caused me to try On demand Sedan today, August 8, 2012. They were easy to book on the phone, I knew exactly when and where we needed to be, I am never late or pissy, I know travel times in major cities, and I allow for delays at airports.  The reservationist at ODS, was super polite, patient and convinced me  I had struck gold. The dispatcher re confirmed the pick up address, later that evening. The driver arrived early as I had to clear the car through our security staff and everyone is logged in.mthe driver, a very nice, well dressed lady, was so pleasant. The basic town car was clean. The air conditioner was on and cold. She knew directions , traffic concerns and from our brief talk, she is a highly experienced chauffeur.  I did not request any bottled water or additional amenities,..just very pleased with on time, clean, well groomed driver. Additionally , in many cities, former taxi drivers or poorly trained drivers, do what I call the lurch...they speed up, then slow down and brake...this is totally unacceptable. ODS driver was smooth  and never blew through a signal or had to jam brakes. I am a professional , including in my driving. My dad was an army man driving a general. My dad trained me at age 13 to drive his olds 98, using a glass of water set upon the front floor hump, to see how far I  could go without spilling a drop. So, I know what it takes to be mellow on the pedals. I have also driven in motorcades, high speed pursuits., crashed through fences to avoid thugs and  sat in cars all day for work.Maybe vegas visitors can enhance any limo request by doing a few things. One, if you book online, that's great...you will get whatever is sent, by any of the operators.Two, know generally what and where you might like to go. A simple airport to hotel run, one way at peak arrival times is typical. In las vegas, peak arrival times tend to be Thursday and Friday. Add in a major convention, fight or holiday and this is a peak time.  You can't complain about any company when you change plans several times.Three, if you have three adults and light luggage, that is a lot different than 6 adults, each with a complete  Louis Vutton 4 piece set with bridal gowns. Tell the limo reservationist, what you need. They will all accommodate you....but it may not be the bargain rate online. Four, many online booking sites and so called limo online reservations are simply brokers and farm out the jobs. They take your order, process a credit card,  and then attempt to subcontract the actual gig. On peak nights, these middlemen, scramble to actually find available vehicles. Five, if you arrive, having booked " a limo" and suddenly invite extra new friends along, and expect the same price and car to work out, you set yourself up to be upset. Many laws, taxi- limo commission rules and company insurance requirements, dictate how many passengers can occupy a given type of vehicle. As in private jet travel, a seatbelted position is required, to qualify as a seat. So..even if ther are jump seats , and you booked a car for 6 adults, you will likely find that aunt Trudy weighing in at 400 pounds, will not be comfortable , as you zoom to the nearest buffet. Six, the drivers are well intentioned and if you are acting like a VIP, in Las Vegas, then tip like one. If the driver says he cannot  permit  you to smoke that joint from the so called legal cannabis store in Hollywood, assume he can lose his job, for any type of smoking , and also brush up on the fact that the drug laws in Nevada are not as lenient as that state to the immediate west. The driver is liable for whatever you are doing so be real. He doesn't want to be responsible for your crazy...but he is driving. If you think smoking crack or meth is a great way to start the limo ride, it usually vents through the partition and air system, soothe driver is put in jeopardy. Oh, and when you arrive totally drunk, and puke, the driver also has to personally clean the car . And it's out of service for later revenue streams. The limo industry is fun, and lives to  fulfill your needs. They also have to pay huge insurance premiums, licensing fees, repairs, drivers wages, garage rents, fuel, maintenance etc. so be nice, and think through what type of car you truly need. If you want a stretch hummer with a hot tub, ask.
5	Y'all who know me know that if I'm going to Vegas, it's not to party. It's to assist my aging parents who really, really shouldn't be living so far away.In times of family stress it's nice to have reliable services such as transportation, whether that's getting me to and from the airport at odd hours or getting my mom to and from the hospital.[Yelp 30 Challenge: 20/30]
4	Christmas night we flew into McCarren airport there were 9 of us so we used their Van.  All the booking was done through the Venetian Hotel.   A few days before they called to confirm pick up.   Our plan was late arriving, but our driver was waiting there with a sign with our name on it.  Which was exactly what I wanted flying in late with to young kids and a mother how has trouble walking.  Our driver helped with the bags.We also took the van back to the airport.  They called my cell to tell me that he was there and were he was parked.  He was about 15 minutes early for our pick-up which was fine with us.  The night before we were suppose to leave I didn't get a confirmation call to our pick-up so I called and she confirmed.  She said they would have called me in the AM to confirm our pick up.No problems, professional, polite drivers.   If I go to Vegas again I would use ODS services again.
1	I called ODS 7 hrs before I was leaving to the airport on Sunday from the Excalibur. I asked the lady about what time they should pick me up since my flight left at 1 pm, she said 9:30 am and I was the last one they had to pick up. I told her how about 10:30 because I thought, do you really need to pick me up 3 1/2 hrs before departure? She told me to be outside at 10:25 at Tower 2 at the Rear Rotunda. I walked to the Concierge and asked where Tower 2 was and she told me way on the other side down through the casino. I got outside right at 10:25 and I waited until about 10:38 then I  called ODS, I was informed that the shuttle was on it's way and should pick me up in the next 5 mins. I kept looking up the way to another part of the hotel where people were getting picked up by shuttles, taxis and limos and it just didn't seem right and I expressed that to the ODS on the phone. I waited another 5 mins because I didn't see a shuttle or anyone being picked up by anything like that at Tower 2, people were just picking up their family/friends in their own personal vehicles. I called again at 10:43 and the man with ODS said, "let me call your driver". He called and I heard him say," she is at Tower 2". He came back on the line with me and said the shuttle is on the property and he knows that you are at Tower 2. I got a call from the driver with ODS  at 11:53 saying, that he COULD NOT pick me up at Tower 2 and that I needed to go where they pick up everyone, but no directions whatsoever on where that was. I said, "ok don't leave", he said he wouldn't and that he would wait for me. So, I walked all the way through the casino clear to the other side of the hotel where taxis, shuttles and limos are. I waited and waited and I didn't see any shuttle saying 'ODS' and the shuttle #3306. The driver called me again asking where I was and I told him and he said, "no I'm outback". I said, "where in the hell is outback" and I told him, " you all need to get your sh** together and you can shove your service up your a**". He kept calling me, he had an accent and obviously didn't understand how to get or give directions. I got a taxi and from the Excalibur to the airport it was 11 mins., so I was there 1 1/2 hrs before my departure. ODS doesn't know time to and from a hotel to the airport and they have incompetent drivers and customer service representatives.
4	ODS provided our transportation to and from our Hoover Dam rafting trip; we had some bumps getting the details set up but they were more than accomodating in handling those bumps as efficiently as possible. ODS picked up our group of 27 on time and they were courteous and helpful. I would definitely recommend them again and if I have anything to say about it we'll use them when we're back in Vegas. Thanks ODS!
2	Let me start by saying my Driver and Service were excellent and should not be blamed for crappy practices by the COMPANY ODS.So then what and Why would cause the low score? They have a practice when you present you card of Double Charging you they call it a pre-auth but your bank will show it as a charge, so when you use your check card as I did and instead of $58, $116 come out it can pose a quandary and future issues a full week after you use their service.Had the driver advised there would be 2 charges which would have sent me packing to the nearest shuttle instead, they do this and I pay Overdraft fees(They need to leave their name as ODS but change it's meaning to OVER DRAFT SERVICE Inc.) for their double charging practices, OOPS! I meant Pre-Auth and charge.Rider Beware and knowing is half the battle to coin a phrase from GI JOE
5	We were in Las Vegas in March 2013.  Called ODS ahead of time and reserved a limo.  As promised, the driver met us at the luggage area, helped with all luggage and visited with us on the ride to the Bellagio about the sites in town.  Super professional & very upbeat driver.  We used a sedan from ODS to pick us up at 5 a.m. at the hotel  for our return trip to the airport and not only was he 10 minutes early but he personally called us to make sure all plans were in order.  We are going back to Vegas later this month (Nov 2013) and are looking forward to the same great service!!
1	I booked ODS as part of a package with our airfare & hotel.  I will not make that mistake again.  The directions for of where to meet them were minimal & I had to call to find out where to meet them.  It was about a 5 minute wait & o course they pulled up far away from where the operator told us.  The driver was very friendly.  The tripe to the note was uneventful, but our driver said he would not pull all the way up to the hotel and dropped us off a block away.  We had to schlep our luggage the rest or the way.  For the return I caale 48 hours ahead of time and told us to be at the main entrance of the hotel which is all the way on the other side of the tower we were staying in.  Day of, the driver is no where to be found.  Again I call & the operator tells me where we are is not the spot they pick up from.  We needed to be back where they originally dropped us of.  After minutes of arguing, the operator agrees to call the driver and have them pick us up at the main entrance.  The valet guys of the hotel were great and they loaded our luggage, not the driver.  The driver asked which airline, but dropped us off at the wrong spot.  We had to walk about a block to get to our airline.  I will never use ODS again.
1	Ods limos do not have A/C in their limos. Beware before booking in Las Vegas in the summertime. Horrible, horrible customer service. Very nice chauffer. I felt very bad for him. He had to where a suite in over 100 degree weather. The poor guy kept apologizing.
5	I go to vegas once a month to have fun. ODS never disappoints. I always find their drivers in baggage claim with their unique blue sign with my name on it. Cars have always been super clean and the drivers make my weekend start off fun.
1	I've been waiting for ODS for about 20 minutes. It's an unfortunate slow start or rather - no start at all- to my vacay. I should have got a regular taxi from the airport instead of pre-arranging and pre-paying for this service. Paying to wait .
