3	good price , but no english. oh well, my nails were still gorgeous!
2	Overall, my pedicure was fine.  But a word of advice: if a customer requests nail art, and you cannot do it, please just be honest.  The nail tech asked me how I liked her "art" and I was honest with her and said I didn't really care for it.  I wasn't rude about it, but I didn't want to just suck it up.  She got totally offended and started talking to herself out loud (in another language), but she didn't re-do it.  So in the end, I sucked it up.  I'm so frustrated.  And now I need to find another salon to get a new polish.  Sans nail art, which makes me sad because I really love it when it's done well.  Come on, Vegas!!!  You're better than this!!!
1	Had to wait a little while, but no big deal. Did not get greeted by anyone in the salon!!! Not even the lady that did my pedicure! The actual service was ok, but the woman that did my pedicure was pretty rough! And she did not shape my toenails very well. Salon also did not have a good selection of nail polishes! Overall, disappointed. : /
3	Average at best. Arrived around 9a. Looked to be the 1st customer and it still felt a little rushed. Went in for a basic mani/pedi which was $35. The price to quality ratio is pretty good compared to other shops. Would recommend to someone who needed a quick fix.
5	Once again they took care of me like always!  I am a repeat customer every other week!
2	My friend and I decided to get a pedicure and we stopped in here since we were in the area.  We were not greeted or really spoken to at all for the first half of our visit (not even by the people doing our pedicures).  The second half, we were spoken too, but only to make personal inquiries about me and the fact that I had a jade bracelet on.  The lady doing my pedicure became a little nicer at this point, asking me if I wanted to have my nails done as well.  The overall pedicure was quick and not anything special.  I regret not driving out to my usual nail place where the cost is a little more, but the service is far better.  I will not be returning to this salon in the future.
5	This is the usual place I get my pedicures and the service is wonderful!  The staff takes their time and although they may not chat up a storm, they're friendly and pay attention to detail.  The price is very reasonable and the main thing that keeps me coming back is the fact they use sterile tools.  Jackie is great and greets you when you happen to see him out and about, outside of the salon.  Very, very satisfied customer!
2	I usually go to a place in vegas off of eastern and flamingo, but we moved to this area so I figured I would give this place a try. I went in for a new gellish/shellac manicure and they were priced normally ($30). I wasn't greeted right away and when I was it felt like I was inconveniencing them. I waited less than 5 minutes after that to be put in a seat. I was changing colors from my last shellac and again she didn't seem happy about that. I wanted the "white diamond", which they didn't have so I chose gold. She originally did 2 coats but being glitter it's rather opaque so I asked for another coat and she seemed really put out. She asks if I want pink or silver on my ring fingers. I say pink and she just kept saying silver, silver, silver. So I guess silver it is. She then asks if I want them shorter and I say a little. She cut them all but two shorter than my finger tip. When she was getting my original shellacs off she repeatedly went too deep with the dremel. I didn't notice until I left but they are so sloppy! Around my cuticle she didn't clean them up at all (which at every other place they do) so now there is a "lip" and it looks awful. I can't believe I wasted $30 here. I definitely won't be back.
2	My boyfriend and I came to get pedicures..the ladies were great with him as it was his first time. They were also great to me. They even fixed my toe nail when I came back an hour later after smearing my toe! They were clean and professional. Problem was that my gels chipped within 3 days..ugh.
4	The cleanest nail salon I have found since moving here....the manis/pedis I have had here are are above average, but nothing stellar. Nail polish selection could be better. They are friendly and polite though. Prices are decent. Overall, the highlight of Boutique Nails and the main reason why I give them that 4th star is for their cleanliness and the sterilized - hermetically sealed then opened, just-for-you nail instrument packs...because  even dirty girls like clean nail salons! :)
5	Just had a pedicure here today. Walked in on a Saturday and got service immediately. Very pleasant experience. Great leg and foot massage with the basic pedicure. Ahhhhhh. Next time I may try the deluxe. Toes look great!
2	I'm sad to say I'm disappointed with my pedicure. I first arrived and was greeted and helped immediately which was great. I picked a color and we started right away. The water smelled great and temperature was perfect. The part I was disappointed  with was everything else. The preparation on my feet wasn't done very well. It was skimpy as if he had no desire to do more than the bare minimum. When he did the calyces on my feet he focused on the arch of my foot instead of the heels or any of the pressure points. I just thought some of his work was a bit careless and he didn't really want to do the pedicure. The massage was mainly focused on my ankles....and when he rarely migrated to other areas of my foot or leg it was if he was just feeling my legging rather than massaging. The color was great....I also watched another lady clean the inside of the spa part first then clean the chair and armrest ect...with the same towel. I thought that was gross... Now your feet debri is on that 'clean chair'
