4	I have been thinking that today is Saturday all day long. But inherently I know today is Sunday because yesterday was Saturday, and yesterday's events looked much different than today's, but still, all day long, it felt like Saturday. Imagine my surprise when I went to dinner and found out at a tiny, Sushi-dive that it was indeed Sunday. I walked in and, I am shocked because, again, I am thinking that it is Saturday night and I am one of only five or six Guests in this place at 5:45 p.m! I ask for the Sushi bar and they hand me my sushi menu and a pencil and stamped across the menu says something to the effect "Sushi Happy Hour - Sunday thru Thursday - 5 - 6 p.m. - Nigiri" It's Sunday night and its before 6 p.m., SCORE!I order hot tea, spicy scallop, uni, roe and quail egg; and for dessert I ordered freshwater eel - my tab - less than $14. Outside of the sushi chef, my service was non-existent (which is why I love, love, love Sakana), all the same, Sushi Ko was a nice little find on a Sunday night.
4	The restaurant is hidden away in the corner of a busy strip mall near Chompie's.  Happy hour is Sun-Thu 5pm-6pm, when all sushi (non-market priced nigiris not makis) on the menu are 50% off.  Most items are $4-$5.  The highest price item is amaebi (raw sweet shrimp) $7, which was huge and very fresh.  The head is served deepfried which is better than any french fry.  I also like the oysters with ponzu sauce.
3	Pretty decent selection of Japanese classics.. Udon, sushi, tempura etc.. all are done decent enough and is priced well.. but for me this place is missing something. Seriously I cant put my finger on it.. maybe because the service is a little on the rude side at the tables rather then at the sushi bar? They have half priced sushi happy hour which is very cool! Thanks Helen, you've opened many doors for me!!
3	I was sampling at Helen and Jan's Sweet Republic when I asked Helen for recommendations on where to have a late lunch before I'd return to take a pint of ice cream home, and she directed me to Sushi Ko.  I arrived at SK at 4:30p only to be told that happy hour was from 5-6p, so I debated on heading over to Chompie's to try this Scottsdale location (I am always ready to eat sweet potato fries!) or wait for 5p to arrive.  Thank goodness Sprout's was just around the corner, and I could walk around and explore.At 5p sharp, I returned to SK and headed straight to the sushi counter and took a seat- I like watching the chefs prepare the dishes.  As I was looking over the nigiri selections (50% off only applies to nigiri, 2 pcs. each), a server took my drink order.  I just wanted water, although I did contemplate on trying Kirin- a TALL bottle costs only $3!  This great value really didn't awe me since I'm not one to drink beers, but in the end I thought "When in Rome..."  (I only drank a quarter of the bottle, maybe less.)I decided to try the Salmon:  Always a solid choice.  I sometimes forget to ask if the salmon is wild or farmed.  I try to eat only wild, and I doubt that SK can offer wild salmon during HH.  At any rate,  these pieces tasted fresh and mild.  A contrast from the salty and fishy-tasting mackerel.Mackerel:  I liked this at first, as it had a bolder flavor than the salmon, but by the second piece, the fishy taste combined with the saltiness overwhelmed my tastebuds, and subsequently, my duodenum.  (I'll spare you the visuals.)Spicy scallops:  Ok, but I wouldn't order it again.  The scallops were sliced into smaller pieces, and I would have preferred them whole.  I've enjoyed them in a couple of places where the spicy kick was delivered to the receiver via a cream sauce- not authentic, perhaps, but that's how I prefer scallops.  (Speaking of awesome scallops, do check out Nouveau Bistro's!  I really have to go back there soon!!)  I did enjoy the crunchy seaweed wrapping the rice.     and Freshwater eel:  Hands-down, the best of the lot!  These were served very warm, with eel sauce drizzled on top.  (I swear, I do like sushi, which is traditionally served cold.)  I've never enjoyed eel before, for I either found its texture too rubbery in most places, or the accompanying sauce too sweet.  I savored these two pieces and fought the urge to order a second serving!I will definitely be back for happy hour to try other selections, and more of the eel!  (There's also a sea eel version- opinions, anyone?)
5	We've moved away from Scottsdale and miss our Sushi Ko.  The sushi is always delicious and well done.  Yes, the atmosphere is not your "typical" Scottsdale scene to be seen.  But for a young family, it works!  Kid friendly and Raul is the best!
1	I didn't get what all the hype was with this place so I took my boyfriend there tonight in time for their happy hour. Not so much of a HAPPY hour when all that is discounted is the 2-roll pieces. I wasn't impressed.We ordered the simple California and Salmon rolls and it took over 45 minutes to get our food. This place is TINY, it wasn't packed, and their were two sushi chefs working.My boyfriend's pepsi was flat, our waitress was horribly slow, and we paid $25 for average sushi. I've had better. See Pearl Sushi review.
5	Love this tiny place. Great saki selection and terrific sushi! Try the eel cucumber rolls, they are to die for! This place is definately good for people wanting a quiet restaurant not for those wanting a RA or Kona Grill type of scene.
4	My family and I love this place - fantastic sushi at a reasonable price. The atmosphere is a little funky - but in a wierd way it works. We love their volcano roll - which a special but is quite frequently on the board.A lot of people don't know about it because it's tucked away into a corner (next to Chompie's) - but for that reason it makes it seem more like a hidden gem. It's never over crowded (I don't think I've ever had to wait for a table) and the service is always great.
4	Whod'a thunk, a fantastic shabu shabu place in AZ?!!!I love shabu shabu and am always on the hunt for a good one when I travel.  I found this place through the reviews here and oh my, it was way yum.  It wasn't as good as some of the other places I've tried in San Francisco but definitely up there.This restaurant has a combination of sushi, other standard fare and shabu shabu.  I was there strictly for the shabu.  They sat me at a HUGE booth and I wondered about that until I got all my food.  Oh my, it did take up the entire table and it was just me!  It's a ton of food between the sliced beef and the vegetables and the hot pot, there was no way I would finish everything.  I dug in.  The sauces that came with the meal was mouthwatering good.  The only improvement I would suggest to them would be to slice the beef a tad thinner but other than that, the food and the service was pretty spectacular.Warning, the shabu shabu platter is a TON of food and well worth the $30.  I would definitely recommend splitting the meal with someone, I left most of the veggies uneaten because I wanted to make sure I ate all the good stuff first.
4	The hard part is finding it.  I just happened to be looking the right direction and caught a glimpse of it hiding back in the corner of the shopping center.Very good quality food and service.  I would go back in a heart-beat.My goal in life is to get there early enough for the lower prices so I can really pig out!
4	Sushi Ko is my other favorite neighborhood sushi spot. The happy hour from 5-6pm on Sun-Thurs is the best deal in town. I usually stuff my face with 1/2 priced unagi, ama ebi, escolar and spicy scallop nigiri. Service is pretty good and there are usually seats up at the bar when I'm pressed for time. I'm hoping to try their shabu shabu one day.
3	Sushi - 4 starsService - 2 starsOrdered some rolls to go from Sushi Ko.  Told that it would be an hour or so.  Asked the person who took order to double check if it would really be an hour.  She checked and said it would be "like half an hour or so".  Go to pick up the rolls half an hour later.  Check and see that all the avocado in my rolls is brown.  Me:  Can they redo the rolls with green avocado.  Sushi chef: Avocado in those rolls is supposed to be brown.  Me: I've never had brown avocado rolls before; can you remake them?Sushi chef: These rolls have been ready for 20 minutes, if you had gotten here earlier they would not be brown.  Me: Well it's a good thing I showed up now b/c originally I was told an hour.(in my head I'm thinking "What is the story?  Is it that avocado in rolls is supposed to be brown or that I didn't show up soon enough?  Either way - I'm not eating these!!!)Sushi chef: Fine we will remake them.Take rolls home.  Sushi is okay, not good, but okay.  Probably won't be back.
5	I've been going to this place for years and have always meant to write a review but never got around to it.Well, since I've moved out to the boonies in Gilbert I haven't been for a while.  I stopped in recently for lunch and decided and I'd finally commit and write the review.This is one of my favorite sushi spots in the valley.  They always have a great selection on the specials menu and the fish is always very fresh and perfectly prepared.  I usually sit at the sushi bar so I can only speak to the service there.  They are prompt and very, very friendly.  There's often some other people at the bar who seem to be regulars and on a first name basis.The have an awesome happy hour, but it is only from 5-6.  No drink specials but it's half off all nigiri.  Sometimes they will even extend that to items on the specials board.  It's a steal.  I've had several cooked items, mostly off the specials board.  They all rocked. Between starting this review and finishing it I drove here all the way from Gilbert for dinner with family that was in from out of town.  It was worth the drive.  I tried a new dish- chunks of cucumber with salted plum.  Totally amazing and under three dollars.  I highly recommend it.  Umeboshi (Japanese plum) is sour and wonderful.  If you've never had it this dish is a great intro to it.  I sat at a table this time and the service was good, even though it was totally packed.  It was Friday around 7:30 and I had to wait approx 15 min for a seat.After reading my fellow yelpers I can't wait to go back and try the shabu shabu.
3	My buddy and I go here and sit at the sushi bar and plow through some giant clams, tako salads, saparo's and yellowtail.  My friend is an ex seafood exec and is pretty happy talking fish to the chefs and tasting what's new.  I go along for the ride.  I like the atmosphere and the service is always good and the sushi is decent with a good selection.  Then we head to Chompies next door for desert!
2	I came here with a company of a dozen for a belated birthday dinner.  The highlight of our feast was the Shabu Shabu.Service - 2: The communication was unclear which caused some confusion and a rough start to our dining experience.  It was one of those trying to be helpful but not really because the answer led to more confusion.  A better explanation of the Shabu Shabu arrangement would have resulted in a more positive experience. Food - 3: The spicy poki was a tad bit salty and not as fresh tasting as I imagined.  Sushi was just OK, nothing to rave about.  The raw meat for our Shabu Shabu was finely sliced, but was dry on the serving plate.  Plus, there was not much of it either.  Supposedly, their serving size is for 2 people.  The soup itself had light flavoring.  PLENTY of veggies and non-meat though!Price - 2: For a Shabu Shabu of this quality and quantity, not worth it.  If all I had was that, I would still be hungry.Ambiance - 2: Very low key, nothing flashy humble little place.  I remembered only 5 booths, 2 or 3 tables.  Sushi bar had like 5 chairs? Tiny place as you can tell. :)Location - 2: Its kind of hard to find due to the way the the shopping complex is.  Not very noticeable from the parking lot.  You need to drive by or walk inside the shopping area to find it.The positives were refilling drinks and replenishing the soup stock for the Shabu Shabu.  A complimentary dessert was brought out towards the end for the guest of honor.Price and Service were the main factors that made this a 2-star experience.
1	Ugh. There are far better sushi places in Phoenix for the same price that you need to pay here.First off, if you are looking for Shabu Shabu, I would not recommend it here. Our server was completely unhelpful, and seemed so impatient trying to explain how the Shabu Shabu works. The more questions we asked, the more annoyed she became. Definitely big red flag already!Basically in the menu, Shabu Shabu only offers you 1 option. Thinly sliced beef with assorted veggies (some greens, noodles, mushrooms). All this for $30!!!!When we got the dish, I was shocked at how lean the meat was. The cut was no good at all, I felt like I was at some cheap chinese buffet getting ready to eat at the Mongolian BBQ grilling station.The veggies were alright, but I felt the broth was a bit too salty.We ordered some sushi too, but didn't feel that unique to me.I was quite disappointed in this restaurant, given the fact that it's in such a nice area of town.
3	There's nothing wrong with Sushi Ko. Unfortunately, when compared to the huge variety of Sushi places in the immediate area, there's nothing special about this place, either. When a place has "Sushi" in its name, you'd expect the Sushi to be it's highlight, but Sushi Ko actually has bigger selection of cooked food that sticks out on its dinner menu. Very little on the Sushi menu looked like something I had to try, and even less looked unique. Also, if you are a Sushi novice, be prepared to ask the server a lot of questions, because there is very little explanation of what's in the rolls. We had the Tuna Roll. Tasted like any other Sushi restaurant's. The Jalapeno Roll. This was pretty good. Yellow Tale, Jalapeno, and some little green things on top. I was a little disappointed that something with Jalapeno in it didn't have more heat, but I would still recommend this roll. Sea Bass. Served with mushrooms and a really good sauce. It was cooked perfectly. Sushi Ko is an okay restaurant to check out. I'm glad I experimented and tried a new Sushi place, but I don't know if I'd go out of my to head back. If you do decide to go, it's also a little hard to find. Sushi Ko is tucked a way in a hidden corner of its shopper center. To find it, just look in between Chompie's and the massage parlor.
3	If I'm going to pay for a nice sushi dinner, I'd go somewhere else. The sushi and sashimi were decent, but came to the table warm. That was wierd.
5	Best in Scottsdale
2	This place is OK I guess. The fish is fresh but not a big variety.  There are many other OK sushi bars in Scottsdale if you want ok sushi and no personality from the sushi chefs and servers go here. If you want ok sushi and at least the fun interaction that is part of the sushi experience go to one of the other ok sushi places. BUT if you want great sushi and fun go to Sakana's not to far from here and have the total package
4	Finally! We found a real Japanese restaurant that serves something other than just sushi in the valley.  We were ecstatic to find that they had soba and udon dishes on the menu and it was quite good.  Also had the tempura and that was also quite good...not heavy and mushy like we've encountered at other places here.  Sushi was good ... not better or worse than other places.  One thing that was a little troublesome though, was that the restaurant was not crowded (maybe 4 other tables) and the sushi took an extremely long time to come out.  On top of that there were 2 sushi chefs working.  Lucky for them the food was good enough to make us forget the wait.
4	One of my favorite quick go-to sushi restaurants when I am meeting friends in that area.  The restaurant aesthetically and general ambiance is nothing to right home about by any stretch of the imagination, but it is comfortable, quick, and most importantly, reliable for good sushi. Two things I love on the menu - Sushi Ko roll - baked rock shrimp, scallops, and crab over a spice tuna roll.  It is not fried, but served warm.  It is a satisfying meld of flavors and textures. I dare anyone not to love it!Sashimi Salad - Tuna over mostly lettuce. I ask for it with the Sushi Ko House dressing instead of the special soy dressing. Makes a huge difference.The sushi chefs are very accommodating if you want to make changes.  Yesterday I asked if I could have the Red Snapper (my new favorite fish)instead of the tuna in the sashimi salad. It was heavenly! It was served with heaps of the red snapper on the plate, a rarity in a sushi restaurant.Are there more innovative sushi restaurants in the area? Absolutely.  But there is a reason Sushi Ko has been around for fifteen years -- no frills, reliably fresh and moderately priced -- it will always be on my dining repertoire!
4	Love this place! The salad dressing is homemade and delish! You can take it home, just ask them for a bottle. Prices are great, service is friendly and absolutely the best sushi is Arizona.
1	We've been going here for years. The quality of the food has certainly gone down hill as has the service.  The restaurant is located in the back of a dumpy mall.  The restaurant has no ambience. The food used to be okay, but I'm not sure that the food is even that fresh.  Receiving a plate of room temperature sushi is never very appetizing.  The waitresses run around like chickens with their heads cut off by day.  By night, they bring in some low motivation waitresses that must be cutting their teeth at waitressing - horrible service, inattentive, etc.   The sushi chefs are without personality. There are such good sushi places in Scottsdale, why waste your time on this one that tries so little.
4	This is a regular for our family. Not fancy, but good food. My husband always orders the Chirashi Sushi, and my daughters and I usually order off the sushi menu. My girls are not really into rolls, so we order Nigiri Sushi, and the happy hour is awesome! Service is so-so, lots of turnover in waitstaff, but we keep coming back for the great sushi.
4	Nice little sushi joint tucked away into a recessed corner of this strip mall. I went on a weeknight and it was almost full (a good sign). I was very hungry so I ordered one of those sushi combo's we often see on menu's these days.I was still a little uncertain if it would all fill me up. I was full before I even got to my tuna roll.  The roll was fantastic by the way. It had a generous portion of tuna as opposed to some tuna rolls I have had at  Sushi restaurants where the tuna is no thicker than a pencil (90% rice - 10% tuna). Sushi Ko's roll was more like 60% rice and 40% tuna. The service was very fast and friendly but not overbearing. I will be back.
4	Really fresh, delicious sushi and pleasant service.
5	Sushi ko is wonderful. It is my favorite sushi restaurant in town. It's tucked back in the corner of the complex and a hidden gem. We love the noodle udon, Philadelphia tempura rolls, miso soup and edamame. Staff are helpful and friendly and it is fun to join them up at the sushi bar as well. Highly recommend.
2	It's a bit old fashioned and not a big variety of rolls.  The place was dead when we visited which didn't help the ambiance. Overall the rolls had little flavor and were bland. It wasn't bad but i don't think I'd go back.
1	Usually I don't put much weight into other's reviews that knock the service at any establishment. Usually my own experience differs vastly from those who knock the service so nonetheless I decided to give this place a chance since it's down the street from my house. Went there 2 weeks ago with 3 other people and we had to seat ourselves. After seating ourselves in a very visible booth directly in front of the sushi bar, we had to wait over 30 minutes for the staff to "greet" us and take our drink orders. Not exactly good service. The food was good and I chalked it up to a bad night for the wait staff. With the food being pretty good, my favorite place to get authentic cold noodles, so I figured I'd try it again the following week... BIG mistake! We were seated this time upon arrival, but that was the only positive. Again we waited 40 minutes for anyone to even make eye contact let alone take our drink orders. Keep in mind both times I've went there it was only half full at best, so in no way was the staff too busy to notice. Throughout the entire evening.. And I mean 2.5 hours!!! We had to tell the waitress what we wanted and if we wanted more water, sake, sushi, dessert, etc. Not once did she ask us for anything! By the way, don't even try to exchange your Yelp voucher.. She looked like she'd never seen it before and only took $10 off.. Which is what I paid.. And me trying to explain to her that it should be $20 off added about 20 minutes to already the longest trip to a sushi bar that I've ever had. Food-wise I'd give this joint a 4, the food isn't the issue. But the service is an absolute joke and I'll never go back. This is the only place that I've experienced service so bad that I'd never go back! Besides, Hiro Sushi is right down the street and the service is 1000x better!  Sorry for the long review, but I guarantee I just saved you some time and the longest, most ridiculous sushi experience you've ever had if you were thinking of trying this place out!
2	I genuinely feel bad writing a negative review about this restaurant because I totally get it... being a server in a badly run, poorly designed restaurant sucks. It's not the server's fault but.. still.. this place sucks.Ambience: in a word? Awkward. It was nearly empty on a Saturday night. Probably because it's stuck way in the back corner next to a chiropractor's office. The lighting is much like a doctor's office, overly bright in an artificial way. The music is canned muzac... again like a doctor's office. And the layout of the place is terrible. The sushi station is in the center with a small bar and the booths line the way facing the bar. So basically the booth people are staring at the back of your head if you're at the bar. There are a few random tables on either side of this strangeness. Service: Clueless. Was the guy who seated us our server? Or is the sushi guy our server? Who do we order drinks with? Who do we order hot food/sushi from? So confusing. They seemed just as confused as us because when we ordered from the sushi guy, he clearly was annoyed and said he'd "Take care of it"... uh ok.. thanks? Then we ordered some hot food which... never came. Until I asked for it, which of course was too late. Food: Good enough, but not good enough for me to come back. I don't know how Sushi Ko stays in business considering how they're hiding in the corner of the Chompie's shopping center, especially with such poor service and atmosphere. Pretty much what I'm saying is, go to Hiro Sushi down the street and just endure the wait. They have a wait because they're good at what they do.
4	I stopped in for lunch in early July and had their Sushi  lunch special. I wish I could remember what was in it. I know there were some nigiri and sashimi which came with soup and salad. For the price, I was totally satisfied.Will definitely be back. We used a Groupon coupon back in June which was for $30 instead of $60. I'm waiting to see if that deal comes up again.
4	Can't say enough good things about Sushi Ko. A regular group from work and I go at least once a week and sometimes as much as 3 times a week for lunch. The specials are great and the quality of the food is always excellent. If you are looking for a glam-type of sushi bar that serves dozens of western rolls then go to Ra.... but if you want tasty, reasonably priced AUTHENTIC sushi then Sushi Ko is the place!
1	It was really empty the night I went in for dinner. Just wasn't really impressed with anything. Had a Chirashi sushi and just didn't really show any real visual appeal to it. Main complaint is the rice was not evenly seasoned with vinegar. Had some really bland sections then a burst of vinegar every other bite. Disappointing for a sushi restaurant. Wait I did think the tempura shrimp in one of the rolls I ordered was pretty well done fresh out of the fryer and really crisp. I got a salmon salad for free which was nice too.I did have a yelp deal for $20 for $10 but probably wouldn't go back again.
4	I had the sushi lunch special which was a salad, miso soup, and a 4 piece nigiri plate with a spicy roll. I added to that an order of nigiri salmon, and an order of salmon roe with quail egg. All was very good except for the salmon roe. They seemed old...a bit shriveled and on the dry side. I have had several meals there before that we're top notch...but this time I was put off by the salmon roe. That aside, I was pleased overall. The rest tasted and smelled fresh and well cared for. I will go back. They have been the best sushi bar in the area that I have found.
4	I came to Sushi Ko using a Groupon with one of my buddies.  My buddy has been to Sushi Ko several times with his father growing up, so I was eager to try it out.  Sushi Ko has the feel of an authentic hole in the wall sushi restaurant.  I haven't found a non-commercial sushi joint in AZ yet.  I was quite surprised because Sushi Ko is in mid/North Scottsdale territory.We ordered mostly sashimis and non-cooked rolls.  The fish tasted relatively crisp and fresh (considering there is no ocean in AZ).Overall, I would definitely recommend Sushi Ko to authentic sushi fanatics.
4	We decided to eat here because we had to stop off at Home Depot. Started off with the Edamame; ordering for our main course, Sashimi and Tempura, Dragon roll and Tempura Roll. Had hot tea and my wife had Kirin light.The server was polite and attentive.The food was awesome. Sashimi was fresh, Tempura was cooked to perfection and sushi rolls were amazing. Our only issue was when we got the bill, they had overcharged us. They had me down for two dinners. And when using my coupon from Restaurant.com, they automatically added the 18% gratuity. I caught it after they had charged my credit card, but they politely made everything right.Love their food and we'll be back.
3	The default 3-star review is described by Yelp as "A-OK." And that is exactly what this place is: an A-OK place to grab sushi for lunch on a weekday.We mostly ordered the nigiri lunch combos. Because you know, real sushi eaters don't go for rolls, at least that's what I'm told by my nigiri-eating friends. It was okay. The tuna was definitely the best morsel on the plate and no one liked the salmon. We ate it of course, but no one really went nuts for it.Distinguishing factor: quick service+price+convenience combo
4	Haven't been here in about 11 years (moved away).  Food was great, fresh fish, awesome quality.  Service was a little lacking, but still good stuff.
1	I came here with a Groupon.  I'd guess it's the only way they can get customers to come to this place.Unfortunately the salad and miso soup were the highlight of the meal (see pic).The chicken katsu was horrible...super greasy and over a bed of plain, gummy white rice.  Took two bites and had them take the rest away.My Philadelphia roll was HOT.  Yes. I've never had hot sushi before, but there is a reason, and it is because it is absolutely disgusting.  And it was cooked salmon.  Ate one piece and had them take the rest away.I ordered a mixed drink which has 3 ingredients.  My server promised they knew how to make it, and when I received it, it was clearly made with a mixture of alcohols, even though only one type is used in the drink.When I tried to pay with the groupon, I was told I didn't spend enough (total $28 of $30 spent).  The server demanded I buy something else or else I couldn't use the groupon, despite my explaining that I absolutely did NOT expect to receive any money back.  Bought another shitty roll and left that there.Never again.
5	I've been going to Sushi Ko since 2000. Nothing has changed in over 10 years and that's a good thing, since the food and service has always been excellent. This place first and foremost serves traditional Japanese sushi and it does a GREAT job. If you're looking for Asian Fusion sushi with weird and funky things in it and "doof-doof" music blaring, while bartenders shake up $20 cocktails, don't even think about Sushi Ko. Oh and I've taken Japanese exchange students to Sushi Ko before.  They raved about it and couldn't believe the how awesome the quality and authenticity was.
2	Came here because we had a gift certificate from an online deal- very hard to find tucked back between two buildings in the corner of the shopping center. The staff members are rude to eachother and loud so you can hear them even when they're back in the kitchen- really kills atmosphere. Sat at our table for 5-10 minutes before we were greeted (waitress did apologize for leaving us sitting there so long).  I liked the edamame, miso soup & tempura were pretty good, but the main course (beef teriyaki & sushi) were average at best which is not saying much for a sushi place. Restaraunt was dirty inside, thick layers of dust on almost anything you looked at- all light fixtures, booths, walls, wood trim... makes you wonder how clean the kitchen is if they don't clean the places you _do_ actually see. Highlight was our waitress, very knowledgeable about the menu, and very sweet & genuine, if not for her, this probably would've been a 1 star.
4	Great little sushi/restaurant in Scottsdale. Our Sushi was great, along with the appetizers we ordered. Our server was very nice. And the ambiance of the restaurant was well done. A little hard to find because it is tucked away in the shopping center. FYI they do close at 2pm and reopen at 5pm for Dinner.
1	2nd visit here and 2nd time receiving horrible service. Our cups of green tea were empty our entire meal, service is slow, and mediocre quality. Much better places in the valley. I will not be coming back for a third try.I love to support local businesses but this one needs some improvement.
1	I went here last night for dinner with a couple of friends.  The sushi is ok and the service is awful.  I ordered Miso soup and my friends ordered the octopus salad to start.  My soup came out and I finished it well before their octopus salad came out.  When it finally did, we had no plates.  Waited 5 minutes and not only did our waitress never come by our table, neither did any others.  Finally had to walk up to the sushi bar and grab 3 plates.   We ordered sashimi and 3 rolls.  Took FOREVER.  This place sucks for ambiance so you don't just want hang out and have a leisurely meal here.  Alas, that's what we ended up doing.  I felt depressed when we finally did leave due to the terrible light, decor and well...everything.  After our sashimi and rolls came out we had to flag down our waitress again and ask for soy sauce dishes.  She said they were out.  Out?  How is that possible?  Walk your lazy ass to the back and wash 3 for us!  Seriously.  So I pointed to the 3 empty place settings at the sushi bar that had sauce dishes and asked, "So those 3 aren't available either?"  She did go and grab them for us.  The sashimi was pretty good, but the rolls sucked.  They were lacking in any real flavor and weren't rolled correctly so they kept falling apart.  I actually just gave up and left hungry.  No point in consuming calories I'm not enjoying.In a nutshell, this place really kinda blows.  I have no idea how they are still open.  I wouldn't recommend it nor will I be returning.
1	Went here twice and both times the service was pretty bad. It took forever to get our orders in and forever to get our food out. I think the place is understaffed or something. However, the servers themselves are really nice though when they stop by and make small chat. I just think there is not enough servers on the floor so everyone ends up waiting for a long time. It also amazes me how both times I went, the restaurant was incredibly packed. My roommate guessed that most of the patrons there were people who didn't want to wait for Hiro Sushi down the street. As for the food, it was disappointing for what you pay. The quality of my chicken katsu dinner was so bad. The chicken made my mouth sad. I'm pretty sure I'm never going here again.If you have any other choices for sushi when you are in the N. Scottsdale area, which you do, I would suggest you try there before here.
1	The service at Sushi Ko was terrible.  Our waitress was rude.  I think we were inconveniencing her by needing things like tea or plates or sushi...  We tried to get her attention, then we tried to get anyone's attention to bring us plates and little bowls for our soy sauce.  We eventually retrieved our own plates.  When we asked about the bowls for soy sauce, we were told they "were out", even though we could see a little stack of them in the restaurant.The sushi itself was acceptable, if forgettable.  We had a rainbow roll, spicy something or other, and tuna sashimi. The rolls were a little loose and hard to eat.  I won't be eating there again unless they make some staffing changes.
1	While mindful of the wisdom: "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.", I admit to trying this place three times.  Attended first visit two years ago as an invited guest of others.  I remember food being acceptable but service glacially slow, ineffective and impersonal.  It's all perfectly described in other reviews.Second visit could be better described as an attempt.  Showed up without reservations on a busy night, was told by person presumed to be hostess that was ok and to wait a minute for table to be cleared.  After standing by with other unacknowledged patrons for 15 long minutes we were then addressed by a different person who, obviously under stress, communicated like the White House Chief of Staff announcing the shooting of the President at a press conference (seen that) and told us we were not going to get a table in the foreseeable future without a reservation.  Bye-bye. Went back last night with dear-old Mom, who wished to redeem a gift card.  Read other reviews, if you still are reading, for gift card experiences of others we experienced.  I made reservations.  Was shown to our table immediately upon arrival by the hostess.  White House Chief of Staff imitator from last visit was our server. A real master of defensive behavior wrapped into a disguise of hospitality, the first things she demanded to know upon approaching the table was why we had no menus, and why were we sitting at a table labeled "reserved" ("Hello" must be out of vogue). She didn't believe our story about having reservations and double checked with the hostess.  I'll quit with that and spare you the rest.   Sushi not very fresh (yes, I am conscious of the fact we are in the desert) and batter on tempura was like the coating found on cheap, supermarket deli food.  Yuk. I crack up reading the four star reviews.  Even they had problems.   You guys get out much?  Strike three, you're out, Sushi Ko.
4	I've been going to Sushi Ko for the last 10 years, once or twice a month, always at lunch time. Sushi is always fresh and tasty. Their lunch specials prices are very reasonable. The servers are very polite and strive to get your order to you on a timely basis although it seems they are under-staffed at busy times. I usually get the sashimi combination lunch special. Included is cucumber salad, miso soup and a bowl of rice.  There is a minimum of 16 pieces of 4 different kinds of fish. All for $14. Great deal!
5	This is my favorite go to sushi restaurant for lunch.   Their sushi is always fresh and wait service is always great.   I always order the sashimi lunch special which is very reasonable and incredibly filling.    They serve a ginger dressing there that is my favorite ginger dressing  (I love it so much that i always order a bottle of it to bring home with me).   If you like ginger dressing, try my ginger and rice concoction when you visit Sushi Ko.   Combine one small bowl of rice with one small bowl of ginger dressing, mix it thoroughly and enjoy! My friends are all hooked on it!   I eat it with sashimi - yummy flavor explosion!   I highly recommend this place for sushi :)
4	The $10 for $20 deal is what prompted us to eat here for lunch one day, and it was well worth it! Seeing all the reviews that talked about the poor service, I was a little apprehensive but figured, what the hell!The hostess was very polite as she sat us, and our server was great! She had our drinks and our soups and edamame out to us in no time. We ordered the sashimi platter, the Ichi Roll and the Eel Cucumber roll, and there were no complaints! $13.95 for a good sized platter of sashimi is a hell of a deal. I rarely order sashimi because most places want $15 for 5 or 6 pieces of mediocre fish. For $14 I got 6-8 pieces of 4 different types of fish: yellowtail, salmon, tuna and a marinated fish that tasted almost like Hawaiian poke, but I couldn't tell you what it was. It was damn good though. The fish was fresh and flavourful. The Ichi Roll has spicy tuna, crab and seabass, topped with tempura flakes. It was cool, light and refreshing. Perfect for a warm day! For the eel and cucumber roll, I actually subbed out the cucumber for avocado, and I'd absolutely recommend the swap! Get it with eel sauce and tempura flakes, for crunch, and it's amazing. So I'm not sure what the circumstances were behind those who had poor service, but that was definitely NOT our experience. We'll definitely be back, especially if they have more deals to take advantage of! But even without the coupon, we've absolutely found a new lunch spot.
2	So a client of mine picked this for dinner. I was shocked #1 that it was SUPER CASUAL (clients usually pick ultra high end spots for dinner when they know I'm paying...hehehe)!  #2 the sushi SUCKED.  I was really disappointed in the food.  Service was fine but it should be considering the food is sub-par and its a small mom & pop operation.
2	Steady fish, hit or miss. Traditional favorites, but where is the passion?-- excellent maguro and tako# steady yellowtail (not fresh) and I ordered sashimi!# cold gyoza# ramen too salty, noodle too eggy, broth too darkMethinks one might get better fish cuts with more regular patronage. Let's see.
5	I have been a customer here for at least four years now so it's about time I write a review. I went today for lunch with my sister and everything was fabulous. We didn't know they closed at two and walked in around 1:50 but they seated us and served us without any rush at all! The food that came out was extremely fresh (as usual) and our waitress (who has been working here for as long as we can remember) is always so nice, cheery, and very accommodating. The salad dressing is amazing here, I could eat their salad for days. I got the sushi lunch special which is five pieces of sushi (tuna, white fish, salmon, shrimp, and yellowtail) and a spicy tuna roll, salad, and miso for just under ten dollars. I substituted the tuna roll for a spicy salmon for no extra cost and the shrimp for albacore tuna for only a dollar. The amount of fish they give is incredible, in both the roll and the nigiri. It is literally a mouthful!! My sister got combination b which is salad, miso, chicken teriyaki and California roll but she subbed the California roll for a spicy salmon for a dollar. We were very well attended to and everything was delicious!!! I forgot how good this restaurant is! Alot more fish than Sapporo and stingray and for a great price!
4	Nice, quiet sushi place. The fish is always fresh and the servers are all professional and friendly. Also, it's nice having a go-to for sushi on Mondays when most independent sushi joints are closed. Naomi Garnice gives it four stars!
1	Awful. Went last night and ordered vodka/soda and rum/coke, both with lemons. Indifferent server needed tutorial on soda water and conferred with sushi chef.She also added that she "wasn't a bartender and that she didn't drink" She then inquired as to type of vodka and I stated bar was fine, and a double as well. She returned w/ a glass of soda; no vodka or lemon. She left to bring rum/ coke, but returned 5 min later w coke no rum, and no lemon.We saw this was going downhill quickly so we cut our losses, and left for another local sushi place.No need to bother coming here.
4	Their Yakisoba noodles are just the best c:I'll try from anywhere in Phoenix just to get their's :}
5	VERY GENEROUS portions, highly skilled old school sushi chef...wide variety with many specials.  Their happy hour is very reasonable.  New bar.   Ignore the ignorant, bad reviews and give this place a try!!  It's my secret sushi bar in Scottsdale :x
5	shabu shabu! much fun and delicious!  They cook the dish at your table with generous portions and fresh ingredients.  Serves 3 to 4... Service was fun and very friendly!
5	My go to place for excellent sushi.  No frills, but clean and comfortable.  The food outshines any sushi in AZ. I've had sushi all over the country and this is truly top tier. The sushi chefs and wait staff are amazing. If you want authentic Japanese food where Japanese people eat, this is the place to go.  My mom is Japanese and this is her favorite place too- and she has very particular taste.  Enjoy!!!!!!
4	Descent Japanese food with a good menu. We have been going there for years and even our Japanese friends liked it. Try the sushi bar with your partner or a booth with a bigger group. Service can be a little slow depending on the server, but you will like the atmosphere.
2	Came in for dinner on a Monday night and the place had a few other people eating, but otherwise empty. We ordered spicy tuna, California and Philly rolls. We felt like it was very average sushi. Also ordered the chicken wings, which did not match the menu description of asian flavored wings, instead came out as normal buffalo wings. Only 5 in the order for $6. Would not come again or recommend.
5	Great hidden sushi spot. The fish is always fresh and they have the best green tea. They just redid their bar so nice spot to grab a drink too.
4	I am into sushi now and have been trying different places.  This place is in the same shopping center as Sprouts, tucked away in the corner near Chompie's.  I wish Sushi place would have more of a description of their sushi rolls, it would help those who do not know what is what.  I ordered take out and watched the sushi chefs make my sushi rolls with their bare hands no gloves.I was a bit upset when they said they used inexpensive farm raised salmon rather than the wild caught.  They will be having half price sushi starting next week for there new happy hour from 5-6:30pm.  I ordered the California roll (8 pieces), the Asparagus roll (8pieces) and the Veggie Roll (6 pieces) total with tax was $18.00 and this was for lunch.  They gave me lots of ginger which I love.  I love seaweed and notice they did have a seaweed soup which I might try next time when I go back for happy hour.  It is a very small place with a bar and a sushi bar and you can watch they make the rolls and such.  Good sushi, nice people, will be back.
3	Sushi Ko used to be great... But recently everything from service to quality had gone down hill. They are seriously understaffed and the usual friendly waitress that has been there for so long doesn't seem to work there anymore. Usually, I try to go for the lunch special combination (California roll, teriyaki Chicken, salad, rice, and miso soup) because it's a great deal and super delicious, however they changed their menu and don't have that option anymore. The staff is always very confused and lacks organization. On the upside, their salad dressing is still super delicious and the new spicy tuna bowl option has a lot of fish. I do feel that their chicken portion size has gone down and their miso soup is a lot more watery than it used to be. All in all, I probably will be back for their house dressing and the nostalgia factor (used to go all the time in high school) but I know that I'll have to deal with less than stellar experience.
3	Great first impression with the decor, although its tucked-away location made it sort of difficult to find. Not very busy and was seated right away. The service was very attentive and friendly, including the chefs, but when it came to the food it was only so-so. I've had many sushi rolls in my day and this wasn't ranked up there with some of the better ones I've tried.
3	Meh. It was OK. Wayyyy too much mayo on top of one of the special rolls. Fortunately they let us have happy hour pricing 10minutes before it ended. Otherwise I would have given it two stars. Recommended by a friend, she must have had something else. At least the sushi tasted somewhat fresh.
