1	Never, I mean never come here! To begin with this place rapes you and they got my gf order wrong and gave it to another costumer, what blows my mind was there was 4 workers and they still couldn't make it right! And the manager was looking at his workers and arguing with them and he never looked at us and apologized, we ate our food cause we starving!!!!
1	My boyfriend and I had been flying all day and were hungry and craving Mexican food. So we came here. First of all they gave our order to some one else on mistake (get it together people, they weren't even busy) and took sooooo long to remake it. The manager was standing right there as he noticed what was going on and didn't even apologize for the inconvenience. The rice was DISGUSTING and the beans were bland. My burrito tasted like a frozen chicken burrito. I would NOT recommend coming here. This airport has a lot of food options. So go else where!!!
1	I was excited to see Los Taquitos at Sky Harbor Terminal 4 I been going to the location off 16th street for a long time and I am a big fan of their tacos and homemade salsas.I even saw a sign on the wall last time I was in the 16th st restaurant talking about opening in Terminal 4This is nothing like the restaurant this is different from top to bottom and disappointing to say the leastThe other reviews and pictures are spot on so I won't bother posting more very very disappointed
1	Worst Mexican food I've ever had and being from San Diego, I've sampled tons. The food is bland and the workers were constantly getting orders wrong.
2	I can't even tell you how happy I was to see that Los Taquitos was finally opened in terminal 4 at Sky Harbor, so happy! I am a fan of their south Phoenix location. So I checked out the menu board, didn't see anything that would catch my eye, but I was committed to giving them a try. I ordered a carne asada burrito and asked for extra salsa, even paid for it, order came out to 11 bucks, didn't even get a drink.My order came out, let's start with the burrito, the tortilla was cold the meat had good flavor, but it was just carne & beans, that's it , no pico de gallo no guac, it was wrapped in a aluminum colored wrapping and came in a container with beans and rice, but the wrapped burrito was placed directly into the beans, so now that's a mess.  The beans were cool and so was the rice, it was like everything was made in a freezer house, oh and the extra salsa I had paid for, I had to ask for and the server gave a little tude because I question its whereabouts.I was thrilled to see Los Taquitos was coming into the airport, but now that I have been, I can't say I will be back.
1	Horrible service and non authentic tasting food. These breakfast burritos may fly in Louisiana but definitely not in Phoenix.
2	If you hate flavor, come here! Chicken unseasoned, and overcooked till good and dry... generally flavorless food. Mexican food without cheese, pay $1 extra for that.. pass next time. Manager was friendly at least... only reason for the second star...
4	I almost never write reviews but I feel like this experience warrants one. it's 7 am on a Friday morning and no one I've come in contact with this morning at the airport has been particularly cheerful. I've barely gotten a smile out of anyone. this changed with Cortney at Los Taquitos.  she greeted me with a smile and thanked me for waiting.  good customer service goes a long way with me and this girl has it!plus the breakfast burrito was pretty tasty with big chunks of bacon. no skimping here!
1	Airport food rip off! Over priced steam table tacos with no flavor. I guess the only flavor you could add is to drowned it in hot sauce. I can't believe how much of a rip off this was, high price, so little food with no flavor. Meh! I got a better huge meal of Chinese food at Love Field in Dallas.
4	I give 4 stars because this is the best airport food I have ever had, and especially for the price. Most airports offer small sizes and everything tastes processed. At Los Taquitos I watched them make my good food, in a timely manner, and it tastes great. The staff was friendly even during a morning rush also! I had the crane Assad breakfast burrito and it was great. Also, you get to choose between red and green salsa if you choose. I chose green and was pleased with it.I'd recommend this over the McDonalds you will end up spending the same amount at.
2	Good burritos.  Unfortunately tried to add the $2 chips and salaa (didnt see it on the menu) after the order was placed.  Cashier wouldnt do it because the $2 is the discount with the order.  Try harder?  Little annoyance it was so easy to solve.  She couldnt be bothered.  Please train your cashiers she should have known how to do it.
4	This has got to be my favorite place to get breakfast at Sky Harbor. I literally walked all the way from a C Gate to get here and have a breakfast burrito before my last flight.I get an egg and cheese burrito and add avocado, for 50 cents, it is SO worth the extra cost. The eggs are seasoned well, the pico del gallo is fresh and the papas (potatoes) are so tasty!! It's an amazing combination.The past three visits to Los Taquitos, the same girl has been working the register and she is the nicest. She offers a lot of suggestions to travelers who have no clue what to get and is so friendly to everyone.Highly recommend for a breakfast that will leave you full and happy for your next morning flight :)
1	Said they open at 0600. At 0610 I asked if they were open after ignoring the line that had formed and I was told 5 more minutes. At 0620 they had still not opened. I was hoping to catch breakfast before an early flight but I wasted all the time I had in line. At this place.
1	They did not take my order down correctly. I ordered a burrito and requested all bean vs rice as a side.  They did not specify this on the ticket. When I got a plate full of rice I expressed that I did not want the rice and requested all bean.  Instead of placing the burrito on a new plate that had all being they just didn't even give me my side f***** my burrito in a bag. They're extremely slow so if you're in a hurry trying to get to your next flight I do not recommend this establishment not to mention they can't even get your order correct.
3	Los Taquitos location C terminal Gate 3.Counter service - 5 stars. Wonderfully friendly counter girl.$6 Egg & Chorizo breakfast burrito - 3 stars. Most flour tortilla. Very little egg and chorizo. Average airport fair for the price.Papas side - 1 star. All we could taste was salt. We both threw them out.
1	This place is horrible.  Twice now, gave it a second chance and still bad.  The staff couldn't give a damn about anything.  Asked my name and said Joe, they said Chuck.  Ok, I don't care about that so give me some decent food.  Asked for no cheese since I'm lactose intolerant so I get chicken street tacos and beans and rice with cheese.  Happened the first time too.  Gave food back to the guy to fix, a minute later a girl brings my food up but calls it a different name of a guy that just left, told her it was mine, she didn't say anything just took it away.  The guy tells her it's mine so she turns to me with a nasty look and gives it to me.  Freakin strange.  Owners, get a clue and stop using airport employees.  Hire your own people who give a shit and pay them what they deserve.  The tacos were spicy but lack any other flavor, the beans like glue, and the rice beyond flavorless.  Will not eat here again.
1	Food is okay when they get your order right! I think forced labor gives better customer service but at least the location is convenient.
1	Let me start by saying I frequent Los Taquitos regualrly at their 16th St. location and love it. The airport location is terrible. I actually threw my food out. The beans where watery and flowed out across the entire container, the rice was bland and over cooked, and the meat was under seasoned. Do yourself a favor and go to LGO or one of the other places that is doing good airport food, and only go to Los Taquitos outside of the airport.
1	Sucks that this place was how we started our vacation off. We had an early flight, so by the time we made it to our layover, we were pretty hungry. We didn't have much time so we thought some tacos and burritos would hit the spot.Wrong.Not only was this place was pricey, you barely get any food. A tiny scoop of rice and beans, and 3 small tacos that looked miserable. I ate 1 taco before the corn tortilla fell apart. I dumped the other 2 and just ate the rice and beans. It was also super packed and crowded, with barely a place to stand. Don't get your hopes up of finding a chair to sit in.Luckily we were heading to Texas, where they have the best tacos around, so we could easily forget our experience here.
