2	the food was good had huge portions for the price, saw a roach on the floor that was pretty unappetizing, coffee was good.
5	As a breakfast lover, I love to discover greasy spoon places. Country Kitchen takes the place of what used to be Oklahoma Kitchen, where we would frequently see LVMPD cars outside, when it closed, I wondered what would be next. This year, we finally decided to try Country Kitchen. When my mom and I walked in, we were greeted by Rebecca, who sat us in a booth. Sure, the decor is way outdated, but they're working on that. The menu has more breakfast than lunch items, they do close early at 3pm. First of all, I am a biscuit and pancake snob. I am really picky about either being too heavy, too dry, too bland. I was so NOT let down by either, when I got my plate. Biscuits are ginormous, split and griddled, flaky, yummy, and they go well with the apple butter they sell by the jar. My pancakes were so good, one bite and I literally almost cried because they were as perfect as the pancakes my grandpa used to make me. My family and I have pretty much become regulars in about a month. The owner/chef Dennis will make almost any modification possible if he can swing it. I happened to ask if they carried sticky bun pastries because my husband is a huge fan of them. This is an item they do not regularly make, but he looked up the recipe and said it was possible, I ordered a dozen, and they were soooo good! Sticky, gooey, huge and loaded with raisins and pecans, they were perfect for Thanksgiving breakfast! I am now known as the "sticky bun girl" there. Today I asked for banana chocolate chip pancakes, but they were out of chocolate chips, and he did have butterscotch chips, so I was excited to try them!! They were excellent!! They were caramelized on the outside between the chips and banana sugars, so it was a lot like a cake type breakfast!! Give them a try, they have free delivery with a $15 minimum order, take out, specials, and great service! Tell them the "Sticky Bun Girl" sent ya!
5	Came in for breakfast and it was really good. Reasonable specials, eggs, sausage and French toast for &7.75. French toast was made with thick homemade bread, a scoop of creamy butter, and real Maple syrup. Oh yeah, did I mention the awesome Bloody Mary's?
