1	I had the worst experience with these guys. They are at the Yard and many other spots through out the valley and I have never had an issue until I went to the yard a few weeks ago with my cousin. The Valet parked his car and My ray bans were in the cup holder. When I came back after an hour, they weren't there and my cousins head band was misplaced from the cup holder. The head band was on the floor but the Ray Bans were gone. The head Valet said " Do not worry, no matter what happens the owner will pay." I called the owner several times and when he finally got back to me he blabbed on the phone for a while about how honest his guys are and in the end he said he would not pay. I told him I would have filed a police report if his guy would have not told me he would pay and Bobby basically said sorry but I am not paying. Its to bad because this keeps me from wanting to ever go anywhere Go Green Valet is and they Valet at some of the best places.
5	These guys are all across the valley and I've never had a bad experience. They're quick, attentive, and always pleasant when I've used their services. I have no problem handing my car over to them - I have full confidence that they take the best care of every car that comes into any parking lot.
5	Service at Arcadia Farms is fantastic! My attendant named Brett was so quick and very polite despite the heat. I would recommend him for any private or public event.
5	Billy at Bink's Midtown was awesome. He remembered us and has the car pulled up as we walked out of the restaurant. He was polite and a great start and end to our visit to Bink's.
5	Bret at Go Green Valet is a terrific guy to use for valet services.  He's bright, friendly, fast and hardworking.  Thank you Bret for sharing your smile and positive attitude whenever you help me at Arcadia Farms!
5	Went for a quick bite to Biancos Pizzeria, we pull up and were welcomed by Connor's warm and welcoming smile. He introduced himself right away, making us feel comfortable handing over the keys to our rental. Prompt and friendly service! We highly suggest!
5	I was helped by Connor at Pizzaria Bianco in Phoenix.  That guy was top notch.  Smart, kind, all around good guy.  The type you want to handle your car with care.  Thanks, Go Green Valet.
5	These guys rock. Used them at the yard. They get you in and out quickly. Highly recommend these guys for valet. They are there with a smile. We even where out of cash and they did the job with with a smile and great enthusiasm - luckily we had cash in the car. But love the team. Great company .
5	Connor at Go Green by Pizzeria Bianco was great!!! So professional and super helpful. Thank you Connor and Go Green!!
5	Connor the valet parking cars at pizzeria Bianco was very professional. Friendly a pleasure to speak to! Great employee you have!
5	We had my birthday dinner at North Arcadia. Chase and Ted were excellent. Great service and extremely courteous. It was a very busy night and it was clear they were working very hard. Thanks so much for the great service!
5	Was at Mid Town Binks off 24th and Osborn Jan 1, 15 Thur Night.  Great Attendant courteous attentive helping my wife and daughter had the car back before i handed the ticket.  Unfortunately I didnt have a tip for him but he made me feel ok anyway.  Wish he had a swipe type service.Im not always comfortable with Valet but really good service
