4	Not really the best Chinese food, but the Kung Pao Beef is the most amazing I've ever had. Disclaimer: I grew up eating it - Golden Phoenix on 16th will always have a special place in my heart.
4	Old-school American style Chinese food at its best. The decor is straight out of the restaurant in "A Christmas Story" and the service staff is similar, as well. The kung pao beef is exceptional as is the fried wonton appetizer. Great place to go with a small to mid-size group, as everything is family style and the servings are good size.
3	Overall rating maybe a 3.5+Amazing dumplings.  Like 4.5 on the dumplings.The rest was certainly good, but nothing great.I think we could have ordered much better.Will try again as the lettuce wrap things looked fantastic.They do have a full bar and some good beers and basic hot sake.
4	This place has been here as long as I can remember.  I have replace the not-so Super Dragon with this place, and I'm happy I did.  The quality is good, service is good and friendly (unlike Super Dragon) and its easy to have an enjoyable meal here.
1	We ordered food from this restaurant for my son's birthday party. The owners forgot about the order day of the event- due to their neglect, we didn't get the food we ordered, my husband ended up missing 45 minutes of our son's party. The owner did not ask for payment when my husband got the food- so we thought reasonably the food was free to compensate for their mistakes. We do not hear from them for almost 6 weeks then they called our house day and night demanding payment. Oh yes, it gets worse- they ended up suing us in civil court over a bill that was less than $200!! It was a total nightmare experience. Don't have any dealings with this restaurant!!
3	The food here is hit or miss. The food is either really good or hmmm not so much (but maybe that is more personal taste than actual critique).Personally I love their Kung Pao Chicken because they have the most peanuts of any that I have ever had and the brown chile sauce has just the right amount of spice. They serve a decent bowl of Sweet & Sour soup. The Mongolian Beef is a reliable contender. And they have very reasonably priced lunch specials. Aside from the food, I have one other criteria for Chinese restaurants... When you are sitting in a booth, the walls should not be covered in little dots of decaying bio-matter. I should not have to guess what rotting sauce is spread across the shell-inlay-ed picture of a woman carrying water over a bridge. Golden Phoenix passes this test. Not to mention that I don't think they have ever made the Dirty Dining report...Overall, they are a better choice than some of the options in the area and if you are in need of a party spot, they have a reasonably sized private room for such an occassion.
4	Since everyone eventually reviews P.F. Chang's, I thought I would give you all an alternative, a great, Americanized Chinese food restaurant. The Golden Phoenix is a great example of a successful Chinese restaurant. They do excel in most ways but  fall short in others. First off, for an appetizer, get the Mu Shu, its the best I've found in town. The Hot and Sour Soup is great too, good balance of flavors. Great noodles, and rice always seems fresh. Most of the chicken and tofu entrees are cooked extremely well, as the chicken is tender and tofu is firm and sauteed well. Now for the not so good, stay away from beef entrees. As most Chinese restaurants, the beef used is from a cut that needs to be finessed, its tough if not cooked delicately, most of the time its cooked too long and gets rubbery, Michelin/Goodyear like. Stick with chicken or tofu. As for the service and decor both are better then most. The restaurant looks like a Chinese restaurant should, bright with Asian decor. The service is prompt and professional. As a previous review stated, they don't handle parties well, I disagree, I planned a party for 25 and they handled it quite well. In fact when the check came I tipped above the automatic gratuity (reserved for large parties).  Take out is outstanding as I tend to call in my order and pick up rather then a take out from Pei Wei (support the little guy!). To make things easier the menu is available online at their website. Here is the web address, at this time though its not loading properly, check again if the page is not available. http://goldenphoenixrestaurant.com/
5	A grand mandarin dinner is refreshing for anyone seeking an authentic american chinese dinner. The chinese always do it better though and this place has the best looking waitresses in the crown jewel of the west. The serve delicious buffalo wings. Thats the american coming out, compliments to chef Billy. Confusioun says "A progressive meal even satisfies those who speek chinese"  If you order the chinese itch, beware.... aunt ling dai will have your liver itching for hours! WE love going here even if just for the scenary.
1	What a disappointment! Here are my Cons for last evening's dinner: -Over cooked Egg rolls -Server could barely speak English -Will not let you get half-and-half anything. I wanted half Almond Chicken, half Sweet and Sour Chicken, wouldn't allow so I chose Sweet and Sour- this was 2 out of 5 stars. -Entrees only came with white rice, we had to order a plate of Pork Fried Rice for $4.95 extra, which was greasy and not too tasty -Kung Pao Chicken had maybe 3 peanuts on the whole plate Sadly, I would rather go to PF Changs next time. Our $80 (we ordered a bottle of yucky Chardonnay) would be better spent somewhere that at least attempts to accommodate our requests.
4	We were trying to satisfy a Chinese food craving and couldn't think of any place close or that we truly liked.  Don't get the urge for Chinese food often.  Anyway, I remembered seeing the Golden Phoenix the next plaza up from Dick's Hideaway, so suggested we try that.It worked out quite well!  The place oozes "Chinese restaurant" atmosphere.  Like another yelper said, it looks like the set of the place in "The Christmas Story".  The staff was very friendly and the food was exactly what we wanted....tasty American Chinese take-out fare.  Had the Mu Shu Shrimp, Chicken Egg Foo Yung, and the Peking Fried Rice.  Everything tasted perfectly fresh and delicious.  The mrs. really liked the plum sauce and I thought that even the soy sauce tasted better.  It had a stronger flavor than just plain ol' Kikkomann's.  Needless to say, we over-ordered.  Ended up with some loaded to go boxes! It isn't the closest place (10 minute drive for us), but when the urge hits us again, we will be back. :)
4	Walking in on a whim for a nice Chinese dinner we were immediately met with the sound of a Chinese zither being played by a young woman.  This only further accentuated the amazing decor that reached from floor to ceiling.  Just amazing.The service was impeccably attentive, the food was phenomenal and the live zither music perfectly capped off the whole experience.
3	I ordered a lunch special to go since I was in the area. Got the house special chicken lunch. I opened the container at the office and the smell was yummy. They give a huge mountain of fried rice, large portion of the house special chicken, 2 fried wontons, and 1 egg roll. I was surprise everything was still HOT and not too bad for American Chinese food. For the amount of food I got, it was very reasonably priced lunch specials.
5	Best chinese food in phoenix i think.. I have been going here for the past 15-20years and i dont think i have ever gone wrong with it.. The ambiance is so beautiful and chinese. Location is not so great but once you get in, its totally worth it.. My favorites: Ken's Special Salad, Hot & Sour Soup, Mu-Shu, Fried Banana, and the Tea. Everyone i have ever taken here always begs to go back cause the food is just so amzing. its a family owned restaurant and the owners are just great sweet people!
2	Last night my wife and I went to the GPCR because we'd heard from someone that it was very good.  It was sort of a mixed bag.  The service was good.  Wait staff spoke English and were quite competent.  Atmosphere was very impressive.   We had an appitizer of eggrolls.  I had sweet and sour pork and my wife had cashew chicken.  The egg rolls arrived and the presentation was lovely.  They were a bit overcooked but cooked in a very heavy tasting oil that covered up the taste of the egg roll.  Perhaps the oil had needed changing.  Perhaps it was the wrong kind of oil.. it certainly wasn't light tasting.  Anyway, it covered up the taste of the egg rolls.  The sweet and sour pork arrived and again the same thing.  The pork was cooked in the same heavy tasting oil that smothered the taste of the dish.  The sauce was the same sauce as that which came with the egg rolls.  The whole dish cried for something to carry it above the grease taste.  I used a lot of salt trying find some way to save it.My wife's chicken cashew came and because it wasn't fried in grease, tasted alot better.  She felt it was very good although a bit bland.  We both decided that there were too many other restaurants in the area to give this place a second chance.  We both decided that decor deserved an A+.  Service deserved an A and food quality was between a C and an F depending on what you order.
2	My husband and I, along with another couple, visited the Golden Phoenix a few weeks ago; we shared the Mandarin Dinner.  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere was awesome.  Food - not so good.  One thing we noticed - just about every item of food was fried!  Certain items are expected to be fried, such as the chicken wings & the egg rolls on the Pu Pu platter (btw - very bland!).  But the Beef on skewers?  Fried to the point of toughness that I couldn't even chew it.  Worst of all, they do not put knives out as part of the place setting, so you cannot even cut the tough meat they expect you to eat.  The one saving grace to the entire meal was the Mu Shu Pork, which was very tasty with the condiment of dark, rich plum sauce.  The entire dinner was quite plentiful, and we had a lot of food left over, but no one wanted to take it home.  Sad, as this restaurant has been around for 35 years; we probably will not be back.  Two stars for the great atmosphere & service.
4	Chinese comfort food at it's best!There's nothing on the menu here to make you rethink American style Chinese food.  Nothing to say WOW about...nothing to make you call your friends and brag about the amazing culinary find.This is my favorite place when I just want comfortable, relaxed, I know just what I am gonna get Chinese food.The place is always clean.  Service always prompt and friendly, food always fresh, tasty and well portioned.I am lucky to have two such restaurants in my area, and I alternate between the two.  But Golden Phoenix stays closer to my heart - it just feels more like "home."
3	Golden Phoenix is the kind of place you visit when you want a decent, inexpensive lunch. The place is rarely full during the week, especially if you arrive closer to 11am, so be prepared to eat your meal while the (slightly creepy) waitstaff sits at a nearby empty table and watches you eat.  The food is nothing spectacular, but it's decent quality, flavorful (although "very, very spicy" is really closer to "my tongue has a slight tingle"), and dirt cheap.  Today I paid $16 and change before tip for myself and my friend, including soft drinks.  I'll keep coming back for the reasons I listed plus its close proximity to my office.  You can't beat a good deal!
5	It's a given that most of us have been in the family style Chinese restaurants in the past, and most of us will remember sitting and finding out what animal you and your friends are on the chinese calendar. Golden Phoenix harkens back to those memories like no other place in town. The service is impeccible, and the owner of the restaurant remembers everyone who walks in the door, and epitomizes great service from a restauranteur. The food here at Golden Phoenix is your standard Chinese fair, nothing too authentic, but I hear they have a separate menu they provide to Chinese people. I've tried their Sweet & Sour Pork ($8.75) which was great, and had a very gingery sauce a little different from what I'm used to. Cashew Chickn and Kung Pao Chicken ($8.25) are both good dishes, but lacking in the sauce flavor department. Both dishes had plenty of veggies, chicken, and nuts, but were fairly bland overall. Hot & Sour soup is one of the best I've ever had, and they include plenty of medium sized shrimp, tofu, mushrooms, etc. I've had better tasting and better quality food elsewhere, but the difference is absolutely marginal.Overall, I'd say this is a great place to go for a good ol' fashioned Chinese/American meal with your family or friends. They have a full bar complete with signature drinks like the Chinese Itch, Zombie, and Typhoon. What makes this restaurant special to me is the sense of familiarity you get from the staff, even if you've only been once or twice, such as the case with me.
3	I think I'm going to make a list called "Destined to be Misremembered". On it I'll list the places in newer neighborhoods that are likely to still be standing 30 or so years from now, with basically the same concept and perhaps even ownership. If I'm still around then--30 years in the future--I hope to still have enough discernment to tell longtime customers who think these places are "GREAT!" something like  "Yeah, it was kinda non-descript back in 2011, and it still is today. You are on a nostalgia trip. Now pass me my Viagra inhaler: I've got a flight to Sexbase 4 on Venus in ten metrons".And so it is with many places around Central Phoenix that seem to survive on mere tradition. I'm thinking of places that various old-time Phoenix people I've known talked up to the skies, and were it not for that incredible John-the-Baptist introduction, would have seemed perfectly fine.There's nothing really wrong with the Golden Phoenix. The decor is swell and campy in that wild over-the-top old Suzie Wong way. The wait staff are attentive to their customer's needs, if not fluent with English. Everything seems clean and relatively well-maintained. And the food is. . . well . . . .serviceable.This is your father's Chinese food--provided your father is a white guy from the Midwest who didn't travel much. There are hints of flavors like ginger hidden under sauces no more pungent than brown gravy. The hot-and-sour soup is tasty if a bit too bulked up with cornstarch or something. The rice is white and sticky just like it is in thousands of other Chinese places. In fact, Golden Phoenix could be another location of some great over-arching secret chain of American Chinese restaurants that all basically serve the same food. Nothing wrong with that, mind you. It's what people like, and so it thrives.So I think Golden Phoenix is a great place to keep in mind for an inexpensive lunch. Also, its location near the power corner of 16th and Bethany makes it a good backup choice if the Vig, the Garage, Texaz Grille, Rokerij, Phoenix City Grill, and everything else nearby happens to be too crowded or something.But "great"?
5	I have been going here since 2004, I used to order from their lunch menu because it was inexpensive compared to their other entrees.  Let me tell you, if you want their best food you don't order from their lunch menu.It's completely worth paying a little bit more for their really good food.  My favorite is Peking Beef served with crunchy noodles and green onions.  I've had other stuff on their entree menu.  But with food I know what I like and I don't want to mess up a good thing.The owner always remembers me and since I'm independent a bridal gown designer she always asks what new gowns I've made and takes the time to sit and talk with me when it's not so busy.I love this place, I love supporting these great owners so much that every time I'm in there I buy fortune plants they have on display / for sale.  Maybe that's why my business is flourishing and my marriage is happy - just kidding.  : )
2	Food quality seems to vary quite a bit.  On my last visit, the chicken was dry at best, and the egg rolls were left in oil for too long.  There are better places to go in the area for Chinese food.
4	I've been eating at The Golden Phoenix for about 18 years (since I was a kid) and I still love it.  Its family-owned, friendly and the food is always good.  I've never been for lunch, only dinner, so I can't speak of some of the not-so-good reviews it gets for lunch.  My boyfriend says its Meh, but maybe the kid in me still likes to look at the fish tanks and remember when I was just a little girl and this was my family's big-fancy-dinner-of-the-month spot.  I still love it.(I only like white meat, so I appreciate that they only use white meat chicken, if that's not authentic, then so be it.) They have live music on certain nights and its wonderful.  They've never gotten my order wrong in 18 years, sit down or carry out, so that's saying something.  Service is 5-stars. Clean as can be. to reviewer Bill:  Are you saying its a BAD thing for a restaurant to be owned by the same people and ran the same way for 30 years?!  I'll tell ya, Lucie's & the Vig will be long gone (hint: they suck) and TexAZ and The Golden Phoenix will still be there.  There's good reason for that - a solid meal and a solid price and a well-earned good reputation. That's a GOOD thing.
2	I've been having a hard time finding great, greasy Chinese food in Phoenix. I have my favorite spots in Tempe, Scottsdale and even Tucson, but in Phoenix I've had no luck. It's funny, I'd expect Phoenix proper to have the best Chinese food out of at least the metro area. But no luck. Uhh well. Anyways, The Golden Phoenix looked like it was going to be a winner. Good decor and ambiance for a Chinese food restaurant, large menu, great reviews and located in a strip mall (that's where all the best ones are, I'm sure of it).  Sadly, it wasn't as big as a hit as I had hoped.Ambiance: Great for a chinese good spotTake-Out Service: Eh. I called it in, they said it would take 15 minutes but it ended up taking about 25. When I walked in I was given a cold look by the waitress and pointed to the hostess stand. This could have been because I was wearing sweatpants and a baggy tee, but in my defense,  I had literally just gotten a root canal. Who dresses up after a root canal? Price: Pretty fair. $20 for an appetizer, soup and main dish. Food: Crab puffs: DELICIOUS. Perfect texture.  Soup: Not what I expected, but pretty good. I got the egg drop soup. Main Dish: I am a vegetarian so I got the black mushroom and bean curd dish. I think my ordering skills may have been the problem because who orders a dish of all mushrooms? It tasted, well... really, really mushroomy.  And not in a good way. It was kinda gross. I couldn't finish it. I know this doesn't make sense b/c I ordered a mushroom dish so I should expect a mushroom taste,  but there was some kind of funk going on. And there were no other flavors in the dish, just mushroom funk. The tofu, however was cooked well. Overall, the meal was alright, but kind of a disappointment. I feel this may have been my fault for ordering such a weird dish, so to be fair, I will try it again and let you know what I think. Just learn from my mistakes, don't order anything mushroomy.
4	I have had a really tough time finding good Chinese food in Phoenix.  In the ten years I have lived here, nothing compared to the stuff I used to get at home.  I think this is common for a lot of people.  My first impression walking into Golden Phoenix, is that the place is beautiful.  Sometimes Chinese restaurants look like they came from the 80's and refuse to leave.  I know that the decor doesn't make the food taste better, but this place is stunning!Speaking of the food, I found it to be very tasty.  My dining companion ordered the hot and sour soup.  I generally  think that hot and sour soup tastes like a cigarette butt, but my companion enjoyed his.  I even tried a sip, and it was nice.We also ordered kung pao chicken, and stir fried rice.  I was told that the fried rice was similar to what is common on the east coast.The service was pleasant and there was some very cool live music.Overall I was pleased, and may have found my go-to Chinese restaurant.  And it only took 11 years.
5	They have been my only personal source for quality Chinese cuisine for over 15 years. This place is like my Chinese version of Cheers. :)The service is outstanding and for the price you have an outrageously bountiful selection of amazing food. All of which is exquisite. My favorite thing on menu has pretty much been the Beef Egg Foo Yung. I need it to live!The atmosphere reeks of class from its ornate exterior to the gorgeous interior. My only gripe is that they're closed Mondays and that is usually when I need them the most.They're a lot of fun on Friday evenings when they have live music and they've got some massive event-friendly areas in the back which are frequently utilized by professionals for productive meetings over great food. I like to take clients and friends here often. It's simply the best restaurant experience I have ever had and it has long become the yardstick by which I measure other restaurants.
2	Ordered the feast for 2. Pu pu platter was good - but isn't any fried platter good? The Mongolian beef has orangish color beef. Most boring chow mein and the sweet sour pork left little to be desired. Might of been fault for ordering the set menu. I am still looking for quality good original non-pf Chang Chinese in phx.
4	Been coming here since I was a small child, it's a family tradition. I am a HUGE fan of their pupu platter and their sizzling rice soup. The pupu platter has wings, beef skewers, egg rolls, crab puffs, and won tons. The beef skewers are my favorite, always crispy and a little salty goodness. The sizzling rice soup is out of this world. The broth itself is a complexity of flavors that burst in your mouth. The rice is crispy yet soft, there is everything in this soup, from tofu to shrimp to veggies. Order it and prepare for an experience from the moment the rice gets dropped in and the sizzle starts. The rest of their menu is a hit and a miss. Just depends on what you like. Decor is extremely divey and dated, but the food is worth it.
1	Several years ago I ate at Golden Phoenix.  They had the best garlic shrimp ever - a huge platter full of big, plump, juicy shrimp with a tasty brown sauce.  So I ordered some today along with some sizzling rice soup.  The rice didn't sizzle when I added it to the broth, and the broth was flavorless, save for a little hint of soy sauce.  The shrimp were small, dry, overcooked, and tasteless, and the container was half full of sauce!  The sauce wasn't bad, but I didn't pay $10+ for a container full of sauce.  I will never go back there again, and I am trying to spare others from this miserable take-out dining experience.
3	I use to go there with a friend and her family and order the sizziling rice soup that was to die for but hadn't been for years recently in the last year or so went back and had dinner with my boyfriend..it was good not great. I did however have my first taste of sake it was excellent mixed with the hot tea.
5	I've been eating at The Golden Phoenix for as long as i can remember!   It is a family-owned restaurant, they are wonderful people, very friendly and their food is always great!! I usually only go for the dinner, Food isnt the only thing they do right!   Service is 5-stars. Clean as can be, and still looks like they just opened their doors!
1	I really wanted to like this place.  For starters, I paid cash for my take out. I was owed back five dollars and was told " we don't have enough change". So I had to settle for $2.50. What kind of restaurant doesn't have proper change?  Especially on a Saturday night.       The food:  Chicken lettuce wraps had a strange fishy taste. Gave up on them after a few bites.  Vegetable chow mein:  In my opinion, a broun sauce is thick and flavorful. This one was very liquidy and flavorless.  Dumplings were edible at best.      Do yourself a favor and stick with China Chili.
1	Worst food... Chicken lettuce wraps taste like rotten fish. Took one bit a spit it out! Even heard a kid at another table eating the same thing say, "mommy is there fish in this" dumplings were soggy and tasteless and the sauce had to much onion and oyster sauce. The vegetable chow mien is really just poorly made lo mien. Very runny sauce no flavor, did not taste fresh or properly prepared. To top it all off the bill was 24.50 an I gave her a 20 and a ten. She said "Ohh 50 cent an I do not have five maybe you just wait?" haha wait for what another table to leave? You are crazy!! I'm sticking to china chili...
3	A group of us went there last evening for dinner.  We had the private room which was very ornately decorated, One person at our table ordered won ton but was told to order this it would be for 12 and they could not make it for just 1 serving.  I ordered chichen chow mein thinking they could never screw that dish up.  it was not chichen chow mein and instead was pieces of chicked with spaghetti and and a light brown thick gravy.  Food was not hot.  Plenty of food for the money but not served the usual way in silver covered containers but on open platters which is also a cause of food getting cold. There was a lack of communication between us and our waitress.  Brought wrong dinners to wrong people and the same with the drinks.I had been hoping for some good authentic Chinese food as I have never found many here in Phoenix.
1	I'm still searching for good Chinese food here in Phoenix, and this restaurant did not complete my quest. I have to admit, I was initially excited by the decor as it reminded me of the fantastic Chinese restaurants I would visit growing up in Sacramento. But the food did not measure up: Canned mushrooms. Bland, runny brown sauce. Flavorless egg roll. Overcooked and stale fried wontons. After a few bites, I was not inspired to continue eating. Disappointing.
2	We have been going here for years, but tonight was the last night for us. We had a call in order, after 20 minutes we showed up and the owner let us know they hadn't even made our pick up yet.  There was 1 other table. Once we got home we realized it wasn't even our order she gave us.  When we called to have it corrected the owner was rude and did not want to correct this matter. We drove back and got the correct order but the owner was rude when we got there.  What happened to customer service? It has been lost at this establishment.
4	Good place to good when your looking go for a casual Chinese dinning experience,  A wide variety with good prices.
4	This is my go-to neighborhood place for 20 years. They get the food out quickly, and it is reasonably priced. They handle a lot of take-out orders, too.The food is Americanized Chinese food, which is great with me. Examples: Chow mein, Chop suey, Egg foo yung...  They are glad to customize the dishes, for example if you want a spicy version of something, or you want to change the protein....The owners are always there, and the servers are friendly.  I have gone early, late, and all times in between. They are closed on Mondays. The lunch menu is limited and offers some egg rolls and soup with a main dish for a special price.My favorite dish is the lettuce wraps, which comes with any protein you like. I choose the tofu.  The rice noodles are crispy, and the lettuce is crunchy. They make the rolls tableside. Make sure to say "yes" when they offer the plum sauce. The only thing I don't like is that the booth seats are soft and lumpy.  If you have back issues, you might want to sit at a table.
5	This is my favorite Chinese Food restaurant. I've been a patron for over 20 years! It's an authentic Chinese food restaurant so don't go looking for the highest customer service. Just come and try it out! It's delicious and hits the spot.
2	Well-- I don't like being rushed to order. The food was ok. I'm going to stick to my China Chili.  Sorry we came here today.  :0/
5	One word to describe this place ... AWESOMENESS !!!!!This was our first visit ... And there WILL definitely be many more.Our waitress was awesome and any questions we had she was more than happy to answer.The food ... So good ... I can't describe how great it was ... The atmosphere was relaxing ... And made it very easy to enjoy our food ... An AWESOME experience in all and already looking forward to the next time ... :-)
1	Sorry but I will not be returning. I belong to a networking group that meets once a week. We have been  to this restaurant for the last 3 weeks. For the food.. Not Horrible but sure not the best Chinese food. It looks like the same specials on the chalk board for the past 3 weeks. Average food at best. So here is the story behind the 1 star. One of our members is on a very strict diet and she shows up to our meeting and usually doesn't eat. The server basically embarrassed her by reminding her that she did the same last week and did not order anything. A few minutes later, the server approached her and told her that she needs to make sure to tip even if she doesn't eat. I'm sorry, but just not sure why the server would think that was something nice to say. I would say it had a negative affect. I'm sticking with a 1 star. When rating any restaurant, I believe that service is huge!
5	I have been coming here for over 25 years and love it!  The food is tasty, even in a take-out situation where there's a microwave involved.  Is it the BEST food I have ever had?  No, but the classic Chinese restaurant atmosphere and family style dining are always a pleasure.
4	Weird. I've been going here for so many years that I thought I must have written a review and I came here to update it. Apparently I've been slacking and this is the first time I've reviewed this Phoenix landmark!Love this place whether for take out or table service. The food occasionally misses, but that'll happen just about anywhere. Overall, the food is great, the prices are reasonable, and the people are quite lovely.Sadly, it seems that people forget this place is around and after 40 years it may be heading toward an ending sooner rather than later, and that would be a shame. My wife and I were there recently on a weekend for lunch and were surprised to be the only patrons in the place. A few more, including a large group who'd never been there before, showed up after a while, but it was just odd.Like I said, the food is wonderful and I've always liked the people here. Say "hi" to Maria, the woman who usually runs the front, when you go in. But whatever you do, go there. Get take out or dine in, but go! If you have a craving for Chinese food when you're in the central Phoenix area, stop on in and support this local icon. They deserve your continued support.
4	The gracious owners have made us tomato beef several times even if it isn't on the menu. Ask for it and you will be very happy with it. They will add it to their menu if enough people want it. You won't be sorry!!
5	I love this place! The food is ALWAYS good.  The staff is friendly and attentive. My favorite Chinese restaurant.
4	I have ate here several times and it has always been good.  A great place to stop for a sit-down Chinese meal in a real asian decorated environment and just some strip mall place with cheap trinkets for decoration.Food is flavorful, price for meals tonight for three people was right about $30.00, good portions, and fast service. Worth a stop if your in the area!
1	After reading rave reviews about how delicious this place was I decided to give it a whirl.  Wrong mistake!  Upon walking into the restaurant it smelled like dust, old cigarette smoke, and bad grease.  Against my better judgement I still ate here, even though my first initial thought was to run far away from this place.Our service was horrible, and we sat there for 5 minutes before being greeted.  We ordered the egg rolls (gross!) and I was so turned off by them.  It was full of burnt pork, and no veggies.  For our entrees we ordered the orange chicken, and mongolian beef.  My orange chicken was so crispy that I was afraid I was going to break a tooth just from eating it.  The egg fried rice was mushy, and the mongolian beef was super crispy, which it shouldn't be deep fried at all.  I only had a few bites of the orange chicken and then I threw in the towel.  A few hours after we left our stomach both started hurting, and I"m assuming it was from all the grease that was in our food.  I am really disappointed because I really wanted to like this place after friends and Yelpers raved about this place.  Maybe we came on a bad night, or maybe people have faulty taste buds.  One thing is for sure, I will never come back here again.  I'll stick to Chen Wok because I know that the food is always consistant and delicious.
2	Did not like the egg drop soup.Fried rice was okSeems like they use the spare parts of the chicken for the dishes very chewy.
2	I love Chinese food, even most "bad" Chinese food, but this was too much for me. The cool exterior drew us in, and the inside decor didn't disappoint. Everything from the ceiling tiles to the fish tank to the Chinese zodiac place mats were right out of central casting.Unfortunately, the mu shu chicken was mostly under seasoned onions and cabbage with over cooked meat. It was still more tender than the sinewy beef in the fried rice, which was borderline inedible. Only the shrimp with green beans was a solid dish. The service was good. (They rolled all 4 my shu crepes.) The prices were reasonable. Still, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're desperate for Chinese dining.
