5	This flower shop and garden supply center is just beautiful. Friendly staff that take a moment to answer your questions. The best selection of new indoor and outdoor plants in the mad city area.
5	This greenhouse has given me the greatest of experiences every time I stop in. I love the organization they have and I LOVE that there is a whole house plant section. I only have a small balcony and the staff helped me find a dwarf lilac bush, which I adore. Prices are fair and there is a rewards program available. I've introduced this place to my husband and friends, with no complaints! Go garden grow!
1	I usually like to visit a place twice before I review, but there were so many issues with my first visit, it's highly unlikely I'll return. To start with, it's hotter than Hades in there! It's a greenhouse. It's summer. I get it. But their structure is so small and plants are packed together so closely, that it's really difficult to roam around with a cart and peruse their selection. I felt hot and uncomfortable the entire time, bumping into plants, bumping into other shoppers...And let's talk about the selection real quick, which I was told by multiple sources is the best in Madison. I've since been to several greenhouse and I'm here to tell you, their selection is on par with Felly's in Fitchburg and a few other larger greenhouses around town. They might have a rare item here and there that you won't find elsewhere, but navigating the uncomfortable heat and nearly un-shoppable aisles isn't worth it in my opinion. As far as the staff goes, I was pretty bummed that nobody wanted to lend a helping hand when I needed it. I went with a hanging planter and the idea that someone there would be able to point me towards things that would work well on my shaded balcony, but it was like pulling teeth trying to get any answers. And I asked a few folks for their best recommendations, both gave sort of general sort of apathetic recommendations. I certainly could have done some research on my own and gone there knowing which plants to pick up, but for the prices they charge, I think a little knowledge and expertise isn't out of the question. Tell me what I need, tell me how to care for things. That seems reasonable to me.  I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business.
1	Came here looking for a couple of house plants as well as a couple of plants for my balcony. Had a list of potential things but I don't have a green thumb and know little to nothing about plants. Walked around for 30 minutes with a paper in hand, looking around clearly lost and overwhelmed and wasn't greeted once or asked if I needed help. I eventually gave up and left defeated with no plants. Pretty big selection, but probably won't come back because of this.
2	Klein's is located near my home, so I decided to get some of my vegetable plants for my garden there.  First off, if you are claustrophobic, probably not the place for you. I felt they packed way too many things in their greenhouses, and the walking paths are narrow. They shouldn't even allow carts throughout because it's too cramped. When it's busy there, it's extremely hard to get around in there. I found myself getting very crabby and wanting to walk out. Also, watch where you are walking - very uneven ground, cords and boards laying around.I decided to get a few pepper plants there as they have a variety that I really like.  My sister also bought this variety. A few weeks later after planting, we both started seeing problems in our gardens. The plants had been diseased, and it was spreading to other crops. The disease spread to other pepper plants that I purchased from elsewhere. It's very frustrating to put a lot of work and effort in to a garden, and now I'm not going to have any yield in peppers.  Thanks Klein's! :(
4	Klein's, Klein's, Klein's! I take it all back! My most recent visit was simply stupendous!It gives me great pleasure to update my previous review and let y'all know on two recent trips Klein's met and exceeded my expectations. Here are a few things I suggest to make your experience supremely successful:1. Go there with a plan. As you've read it can be overwhelming to navigate the tight aisles with a large cart and huge crowds. Do some research online, look at photos, and make a list of the things you're looking for. It's much easier to shop if you have an idea of what you want. It's sort of like buying groceries on an empty stomach. Imagine spending all day pushing a cart up and down store aisles unable to make solid decisions because of your ravenous hunger. Shopping Klein's with an empty garden or empty pots is similar. Also, tuck your cart in a corner and walk the aisles instead trying to push the cumbersome thing around. 2. Go on a day that's a bit overcast. I went twice this summer just before some rain rolled in, and because the sun was tucked behind a few clouds most of the time I was there, it was much more comfortable inside. If you can, look at a weather report and shop when you know it won't be hotter than Hades. 3. Don't be afraid to ask multiple people, multiple questions. And if you're not satisfied, tell them! The folks I encountered on my most recent trips wanted to steer me in a direction I wasn't interested in because it wasn't part of my plan, and eventually they guided me to plants that would help me achieve the overall look I was going for on my balcony. It was important for me to realize that certain folks will gravitate towards certain plants simply based on personal preference. I learned to say things like, "I don't like ferns, what else will grow like a fern in an area that doesn't get a ton of sun, but isn't a fern."4. Take someone who knows what they're talking about. I walked the aisles with a dear friend who happens to be a master gardener and she was instrumental in telling me more about plants, what types would thrive on my balcony, and which to stay away from given the climate change and season transitioning we are experiencing this September. Maybe you don't know a master gardener but have a neighbor with a yard you envy.5. Go outside. I had no idea the selection outside was so vast. And if you don't see it, ask! I hope these tips encourage you to think about giving Klein's a try. And if you're not feeling it next time your there, give it a day or wait until the next weekend and try again. Like plants, trees and shrubs, shopping can be fickle experience depending on a number of factors.I've decided it's a-ok to make multiple trips. Rome wasn't built in a day. My balcony didn't turn into an outdoor oasis after one weekend.
