5	Now this is what I am talking about!  This Costa Vida has what the other one was missing!  Huge portions, sauce good and the sweet pork was amazing.  I love this place and am so glad we finally got one in Queen Creek.  The only thing I would beg you Queen Creek is to get off your butts and go so it stays open - you know how food joints have been closing left and right lately so GO EAT HERE and keep it open.  It is amazing and such good food!  The pork burrito is the best, but everything on the menu is tasty!  My wife loves the salads, but they have tacos, enchaladas and its a fun place too.  the kids will love it p ours do.   they have this water mural thing and the kids just stare and stare at it.  Again. the food is amazing and I would encourage you - if you like Mexican food and live in QC - go suppor this place and keep it open!
5	First time to Costa Vida, I mentioned that to them and they offered for me to try all there meats. My favorite was the pulled pork, so I made it into a burrito, with rice and cheese. I love that they toast it whenever your done picking all your fixins. Over all very impressed the sweet pork was really good, the pricing was good as well, I thought ( I had a free coupon for there grand opening) The atmosphere was nice, surfing theme with LCD tvs with surfing movies. If you are a fan of good ice, this places ice is same as Ikea, those of you who are ice fans know what I am talking about.Over all good food good menu, they even have a daily special. I am a huge fan of Chipotle burritos, for the price and value this place comes very close. I would highly recommend Costa Vida.
4	I'm so happy that they finally opened up a Costa Vida out here in Queen Creek. Love this place! The pork is great. I love the salads. Freshly made tortillas. Yummy Yummy!
4	This was my second trip to Costa Vida. I went soon after it opened and was very impressed. It is more expensive than Chipotle, but it is worth it. The first time I had the sweet pork nachos and it was great.  The thing I like the most is watching them make the tortillas. They are made right there in front of you so you know they are fresh. The meats are good and the veggies fresh. The guacamole is excellent!My trip today I decided to try one of the salads and I won't actually do that again. If it was just a normal salad with pork, chicken or steak on it I am sure it would be good - but I had to be all flashy and order the mango chicken. Yikes! It looked like La Choy Canned Vegetables from 1975 and it tasted like a failed variety of Fanta. I started off hungry but I couldn't even eat it - look at my picture and you will know what a miracle that is. I haven't missed many meals in my day. The scary thing is the server recommended that saying it was better than the raspberry chipotle salad. Guess which one I won't be trying in the future? Definitely go to this place and check it out - but stick to the standards.
4	Their food is delicious and reasonably priced considering the portion.  Honestly, whenever my wife and I go we split the burrito because it is so big.  Our favorite is the sweet pork burrito, and actually haven't tried anything else there.  We were excited when it opened across the street.  Highly recommend.
5	Ive got 4 words to describe my love for Costa Vida.....Sweet-Pork-Burrito-Smothered.   I just moved out here to QC at the end of last year and I am going to be honest and say that the fact a costa vida was down the street from the house we were contemplating to buy, was a huge influential deciding factor in our move.   Also I am happy to inform all you yelpers that after many visits this location of Costa Vida has not failed me.  They have treated me well and I think I'm about to fill up stamp card number three for a free meal.  Oh so good!  The management is doing a great job at this location.  I must say I like it better than the mesa location.
4	I'm a guy that likes a good taco. Id go so far as to say if given the choice of eating a good taco or something else...I'm probably going with the taco 9 times out of 10! I think I just had one of the best effin chicken tacos I've ever had!! When you walk in, you think you're in for another Chipotle knock off. Although the place looks different, the mechanics are pretty much the same.Now I don't want to say anything about Chipotle but Cosat Vida makes Chipotle their bitch!!Let's start with the foundation. The tortilla. They make their own tortillas and when you order a taco, they are grilled on the flat top twice. What you get is a soft taco that is kind of crunchy! Doesn't make sense, does it. Go. Try it. Its wonderful.I ordered the chipotle chicken. The cipotle sauce was great with the chicken and tortilla.My only complaint and the only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is the salsa. I usually like or dislike a mexican restaurant based on their salsa. Theirs is chunky, bland and mild. Where's the heat? Where's the flavor. That's it. No further issues. I'll be back to try their steak and their pork. Cant wait. If you're in the queen creek area, check this place out.
2	Just an update...I was so excited about this place that I took my wife there for lunch today. We were both underwhelmed. I ordered a salad and it just wasnt that great.The lettuce they use is very wet and the toppings were off a bit.  My wife ordered some tacos based on my recommendation. She thought they were good but not great. She did agree that the tortilla was awesome!I'm starting to think I was just razzle dazzled by that first taco I had! I'm not giving up on you Costa Vida. I'll be back but only for your Chipotle Chicken Taco. You'll have to do some convincing to get me to try the other things on your menu.
3	While the sweet pork here is really good, and most people I know like the food from here, it's just not worth the price. It's almost impossible to get out of here under $10 including a drink. They charge extra for sauces that at most places are complimentary. The ordering style here is similar to Chipotle, but they have very different tasting meats. It's worth a try, decide for yourself whether it's worth the price. I'm just going to Fili-B's next time I have a mexican fast-food craving.
3	I have been here twice.  Neither time have I been very impressed.  I like the food selection and the atmosphere is pretty good, but the food itself is just OK for the price.  The only reason I would go here over Chipotle is because the food selection offers something a little different, and so I can see some people preferring it.  I think it's probably worth a trip, just don't expect too much.
2	The food is good a little over priced. The worst part about this location is the employees. It seams there is always a huge line and 3 or 4 employees stabbing around doing nothing but chatting and messing around!! It seams like there is no management (or at least none that care)!!
3	Price is worth it.  Sweet pork nachos were tasty.  Need to go back and try more on their menu.
5	Love this place! wish they were open on sundays! got the pork nachos and steak nachos and they were amazing! better then chipotle!
2	What's happening to my Queen Creek Costa Vida??  I probably visit once or twice a month due to an intense craving for the sweet pork that they serve up here.  I've been going here since they opened a few years back and up until a few months ago, everything has been absolutely fabulous!!  As I mentioned, I always order the sweet pork and if I've ever tried any of their other meats, it doesn't come to mind.  This review isn't about the quality of the food though.  It's about the obvious lack of food preparation, and an even more obvious lack of understanding with regard to supply and demand...The last three times I've been in have been for dinner, between 5:30 and 8 - Monday, Thursday and again tonight, Saturday.  Yes, as other reviewers have stated, the lines can be long and employees scarce, but I've never really minded the wait, and the few employees up front have always been friendly.  The Queen Creek location has a new "system" in place lately that involves jotting down someone's order until the requested ingredients are eventually prepared and brought out...and this has happened with just about every ingredient in the trays the last three times I've been here.  As I stand in line I can hear all of the orders and wait times and I can't say the wait for any one item has been less than 10 minutes (10 mins seems to be the average wait time).  I once was asked to wait 20 minutes for the queso dip that I had already ordered and paid for.  I chose to switch to guacamole instead and was told the wait would be 5 mins!  The employees seem fed up with, whatever is going on behind the wall, because up front they're dealing with not having steak, chicken, black beans, rice, queso, lettuce, etc.  If you've been here before, you can see how this could be a real problem.  See, before, all of the ingredient bins would be topped off with fresh items to be stuffed inside a fresh tortilla and folded to your liking.  Lately, the embarrassed employee won't even look at you when you order a chicken and cheese burrito, but instead loudly yells "how long for chicken?".  When "about 20 minutes" is the yelled reply, you can choose a different meat, but chances are the employee making your plate will be yelling to the cook again for a wait time.  I really don't understand what happened.  They were always so efficient and I hope management is able put this restaurant back on track, because it was easily one of my top 3 places for lunch and dinner.  To run out of chips at a mexican restaurant, and ask the customers to wait 10 mins to fill their order is out of the question, in my opinion.  And, as a side note...the chips lately have been less that desirable.  When the chips are translucent, it probably means they need to cook a little longer.  Otherwise, the customers are eating a rubbery corn tortilla marinated in hot oil. Yum!  I'll update when things start getting better....hopefully soon!
3	The food here is really good and the prices are reasonable, but one of the kids who works here (I think he is a manager because he doesn't do much but run his mouth) is a complete tool.  If you ask for extra anything, expect a big production on how much extra it will cost and then receive minimal product.  I have actually requested two "doses" of extra cheese on a taco.  If the staff turns over, this place would easily get 5 stars... until then 3 is the most I can give.
2	The food here was okay and the prices are reasonable, but one thing I would say is that front line need while serving food need to be keep a lot cleaner than it is now. To many places at the front counter there cross contamination with the food.  With some focus and people who care this place can be great.
4	this chic was there last night, tasting the awesomeness of their sweet pork.  the plates they used reminded me of a horrid restaurant (called chino bandido - avoid at all gastronomic costs). But the food was good. tables needed to be cleaned, i had to clean mine, and several people around us were doing the same, floor was dirty also from food people were throwing in the floor to clean their tables. will return. a bit pricey, but hey isn't everything going up but the wages now a days?
4	Hadn't been here before and I LOVE Mexican food so I had to try it. I was impressed...VERY good food. Staff seemed immature but friendly enough and the place could've used a cleaning crew but I went for food and the food was GOOD! I'd go back for sure.
1	The food is usually good, but the service is AWFUL. It takes FOREVER to get through the line. What takes 45 seconds at Chipotle takes 15 minutes here. They often run out of certain kinds of food. It appears to be run by teenagers who have ZERO sense of urgency about anything. It's too bad, because I love the sweet pork, but I just don't think I can go back again.
5	I've been a fan of this place since I was in High School (05')The best thing on their menu, hands down, is the pulled pork anything; taco, salad, burrito.. Yum. Seriously. It's like crack. Their tortillas are also top of the line. I go to lots of Taco Tuesday events in San Diego and the tortillas pretty much hold up to the best of what I've had in SD. That's saying something. No one likes a bread-like tortilla. Gross. On our most recent trip, my dad got the shrimp taco. WOW. I was seriously impressed with the amount of shrimp they put in it. It was a lot! (Compared to other places I've been) You aren't left feeling empty. Love it. This is always my go to place when I visit the valley.
2	I love the nachos!!! I came in to get the nachos that are so delicious and was upset with what they turned out to be. I normally order them with steak, they were out, and everything else on it. The person helping me was using very small portions. I had to ask him for more of almost everything as he was loading them up. I am not selfish with the portions I would just like them to at least cover the top portion of my nachos. I ended up having to take them out of the container they were in and mix them up myself. I got to where I needed to pay and the girl didn't seem to know what in the world she was doing. I had to tell her twice what I got and she still rang it in wrong. I will go back with hopefully a better experience.Just a note.....Rubber gloves are supposed to help with cleanliness, when you are touching everything with your gloves, what is the point in wearing them.
5	What can I say? I'm in love. *sigh*The sweet pork melts in your mouth, the tortillas are slices of heaven... (if you can't guess, the sweet pork is my recommendation)There are frequently long lines, but they go pretty quickly most of the time. I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 minutes to order. The lines at this location are always shorter than at the Costa Vida on ValVista and Baseline, so that's a plus to get you to head to Queen Creek if you're debating between the 2 locations.
4	My family and I come here about once a month. My wife and I normally share a large salad with steak or chicken. The sweet pork is good but too sweet for us. The salad is excellent with the tortilla torn and eaten with it. You will not be disappointed.
4	I love this place.  Yes, sometimes it's busy, but it's worth the wait.  The food quality and consistency varies a little bit depending on the time of day like all restaurants I've visited.  If you go in 10 minutes before closing on a slow night the food probably isn't going to be as fresh as it  is at noon on a peak day, but that's the restaurant business.  I originally loved the chicken, but now I'm a big fan of the sweet pork.
2	Queen Creek has very few restaurants and people are desperate , and probably eat "whatever" and say it's good!  I wanted to like this place but it is inconsistent in quality and service. I detest their sweet pork, and would enjoy a carnita pork, with spice, instead of sauce, My friend had a chile verde and did not like everything in a tinfoil container, running into a green mucous mess. Who wants to eat predigested food???  I stood in line while my chicken mango salad sat there through the 4 people paying ahead of me   By the time I sat down my tortilla was cold and lettuce wilted under the heat of the chicken.  As a former Calif.  who has eaten exceptional Mexican food this place is just ok!
3	The food is great, the queso is amazing.  As odd as my complaint sounds, they are to fast at making the food.  They fly though the options, sometimes just throwing items in your burrito that you may of been just thinking about.  Slow down and let me chose what I want.
1	we came here with a groupon that did not get honored as it said in the fine print. my wife got the shredded beef buro I got the steak buro and chips with quaso. to start with the queso is extremely sweet with no chesse taste at all. buros were blah at best. my steak buro was more grissle and grit than beef. even with the groupon this food is a horrible deal. supposedly we have to come back to finish using the groupon NOT GOING TO HAPPEN I will take the loss on the money vs eating such trash food.
2	We absolutely love Costa Vida, but I have to admit, this location has really declined over the past several months.  There is a manager, Seevie, that truly does not care about customer service.  We came in tonight and ordered salads, enchiladas and nachos, only to learn they had no guacamole or cilantro, which isn't a big issue, but when you're told that there is nothing we can do except give you extra sour cream, that is unacceptable.  A large competitor is opening in Gilbert, this location better fix the issues.  Other than Seevie, the rest of the team is awesome!!!!!
4	I didn't eat here, but I met up with some ladies for an informal meeting here. They have a nice, secluded back area where we met. Nice and quiet for our quick meeting with a drink. Clean place, will be back to eat in the future!
4	The fish tacos were very good. I love the tortillas.  All  of the employees were friendly and nice. I will come back again soon.
4	Great Food!!
5	Last night, I picked up a Super Chicken Burrito with enchiladas sauce. Let me tell you something. It had to be one of the best burritos I had in a while. A little pricey, but when you take your first bite. You will know where your money went....
5	Love this place. Food is always great! Clean! Fun staff! Every Tuesday Tacos are just $1.50. Great deal.If you have kids, free quesadillas.We've eaten the burrito, nacho, salad, tacos and enchiladas.Love it all.
2	The food is a little pricey but tastes really good.  I am finding out that each employee has their own opinion of quantity of items though.  One guy gives a big portion of meat when the next day the employee will sprinkle on the meat.  The thing that I hate bout this place is that the wait time for food becomes longer and longer each time.  This past time I went on a Tuesday for Cheap tacos.  I ordered 3 tacos little did I know these tacos would be the longest wait for tacos I would never get. I order the tacos and see the guy cooking up a whole bunch of tacos.  I assume they are expecting a lot of tacos being ordered and is preparing for the rush.  As I am waiting and waiting I realize that my order is not being made.  Also the person behind me who ordered a burrito has not gotten their order as it sits over in the over.  The person at the front of the line had ordered 40 tacos.  The person after him 20 tacos.  Me being two more people after them who ordered 3 tacos is still waiting same with everyone behind me.  The geniuses were preparing all 60 tacos for these two people while 20 people are waiting in line.  I asked the counter person what happened to my 3 tacos.  He said they are coming along.  The lady behind me asked me what bout her burrito and he said they will be with her shortly.  We both walked out followed by at least 3 others.  Moral of the story.  Don't go here on a Tuesday, Friday, or Saturday you will not get service in a reasonable amount of time.
