4	Fiddlesticks is a great place to go with a date, as a group, or with the kids. The arcade area has the latest games (including several of DDR), the food is decent, and the miniature golf fun if nothing special. They have a slew of attraction choices, such as batting cages, a driving range, and a go-cart track. We especially like the bumper cars--in WATER! Don't go if you don't want to get wet. One edge Fiddlesticks has over other Valley amusement-park-type choices is their Kiddie Land, including the Dragon Ride and Miner Mike Roller Coaster.
4	Fun place to go and I wish we had something like this close to us in MN.  Hit a bucket of balls, hit some balls in the batting cage, grab a quick bite and play some video games.....not a bad couple of hours!There are some downsides.  The food isn't spectacular, but what would you expect.  I've only driven the go-carts a couple of times and was not overly impressed.  the putt-putt is okay, but not all-world. The bumper boats are definitely designed for kids (duh!) but are moderately fun.Even with all of that said, it's still fun to be able to relax with golf, baseball and video entertainment, all in one place!
3	The mainstay driving my 2-star rating is the fact that they had NO water in any of their vending machines or at the food counter. In Arizona, you must, must serve water. They had old brewed tea and Power aid drinks, but fundamentally, I can't believe they didn't have water.Batting Cages- GoodGolf Driving Range- GoodBumper Boats- Water was not clean and looked grossMini-golf- OkayGo Carts- Seats were really torn up and a lot of the cars didn't workThis place is operating on a thread. Minimal staff and they drained every fountain in the park to save on money. I can't totally blame them for that.
1	Pretty embarrassing overall is how I would classify this place! Here is how it went down... Our friends were in town from Laguna Beach, they naturally wanted to do something that would allow them to experience the beautiful Arizona weather. Once we paid the $16 per person fee for the "Pick Three" deal, we stood aside assuming since we told the girl we wanted mini golf first she would assist us with getting our putters and balls and we would go about our day. WRONG! The girl behind the counter went to collecting money from the family of 12 (no exaggeration) that was waiting behind us. Can you believe they actually got all their putters and balls before we even got the consideration of a glance from the employee. Once we received our supplies we made our way to the course. Now, I have played at this particular course before and will admit it was an OK time. But this particular time there was a bunch of dead plant material laying in the gutters of what I am sure must have been flowing streams that are now just nonoperational. This must have contributed to the awful stench that closely resembled raw sewage. Being that it was hot out, we went back to the concession stand and got drinks and refreshments. The only positive thing I have to say about this experience was the fact that their concession prices were pretty fair. After our quick rest and drinks we were off to the bumper boats to use one of the remaining two activities of our "Pick Three" deal. There was no line so went went right up to the front. There was not an employee available to help so we waited around for a few minutes before someone finally showed up only to tell us that there were only two bumper boats that were operational. Being that there were five of us, of course, was not really an option. By this point, I had decided I was going to make my disappointment know to person in charge. I stopped someone walking by and was directed to the park "Manager" who looked to be about 17 or 18 years old soaking wet. I shared my frustration with him and was offered to add more tasks to my "Pick Three" offering. That seemed pretty ridiculous considering nothing there was working anyway, so I didn't have to think twice when I declined his extremely generous offer. He then instructed me to visit the Fiddlesticks website and make a complaint to their corporate offices in hopes of getting new battery chargers for the bumper boats. Rest assured I will be contacting the corporate offices by email and sending them a link to this rave review! So on to the next event, the go karts. We get in, I push the gas pedal just to be sure that it was working (I was a little gun shy at this point). The kart made a promising vroom vroom vroom and we all took off. After the initial lap was completed it was everyman for himself. Before I could blink an eye, my kart started spitting and sputtering so I pulled off into the "pit" and got out and waited the remaining five or six laps for my friends to finish. Overflowing with frustration, we gathered our crew and left for the day. Each of us out $16 for what I would consider payment for a few hours of my life that I will never get back. Stay away from Fiddlesticks and find something more worthwhile to spend your hard earned dollars on!
1	NEVER AGAIN! It seems like everyone thinks they have to deceive you to get your business. I hate that. We look at the rate board in the lobby and it says the group rate is $17 a person for a group of ten for three hours. Great!! We go up to pay and the pierced individual behind the counter says" how many people in your group is over 56 inches"? Ah, well, why? "Because they have to pay $25 a person." Where does it say that? He turns around and about knee height in small print it's there. So it cost 48 bucks more because six out of our ten were over 56". Who is less than 56"? Midgets and ten years or less. Stand in line every where and three hours go by much faster. We had two five, one seven and one 10. Now these four will really use up the place. They can't even get in without an over 56" person, whatever, next time the family comes to town we will try some where else.
1	We went to Fiddlesticks on Saturday evening, there were 3 of us. The price was 7 a person, but I had some entertainment book coupons, so it was 2 for 1. The course was terrible, the turf on the course, was ripped in places, & there were lots of ants, I found a few insects and bugs in the hole of the course. We had fun, but wouldn't go back to that course.
1	This review is for the miniature golf only.If you are in Tempe you don't have many options for miniature golf nearby. It's either Fiddlesticks or Golfland Sunsplash. If you are trying to figure out where to go, go to Golfland. They at least have interactive courses, some variation, and working "streams" for about the same price. At Fiddlesticks the courses are very plain and repetitive. They might be good for practice but are not a lot of fun. Also Google maps may send you the wrong way finding Fiddlesticks. It's on Elliot in Tempe between Priest and Hardy not Chandler by Alma School.
1	Can't even bother to elaborate... Batting cages are horrible... nuff said... look out in the baseball ones as they throw pretty crazy and the softball lanes are pretty non-accurate nor are they consistent.  The balls are really hard so don't bring a bat you wanna not crack.The karts are shitty... even for lame little kid karts... Food is super gross, didn't play minigolf or games.Pretty lame for a "fun" place
2	the only redeeming quality is their driving range, otherwise they would only get ONE STAR. it has a bunch of different "targets" to shoot at and is better than just a standard flat range.other than that, STAY AWAY!!!!the interior smells absolutely disgusting. the few times i went it smelled the same so it wasnt just some isolated incident like a sewage leak or dead animal.WORST MINI-GOLF course ever! every hole is flat and as boring as playing in my kitchen. the astroturf is all ripped up and even the cement around the holes is crumbling. i commend the yelper below who was able to take one for the team and try their food, something i couldnt even imagine making my ex-gf do. anyways, thats beside the point. on the other hand, maybe he has a screw loose for even attempting the food here. i had to go home and take two showers after spending some time here.
1	So this is what mini golf in the Third World looks like!!I took my Dad here to kill a Sunday afternoon in May.  To say this course "has seen better days" isn't fair to the term better days.  This is course is the Road Kill of Miniature Golf.  Apparently the recession is taking its toll on Tempe's Family Fun Park.The grievances?  Torn up (or completely missing) turf, broken obstacles, ants aplenty, dried up fake river beds... and a partridge in a pair tree!  (Actually a pear tree would have been a welcome distraction but no way it survives with this lack of upkeep)I remember going here on a date in the 90s and losing a ball in the water.  Today the only balls getting lost are the batting cage balls, some of which fly through the shoddy safety netting!  (I wish I could make this stuff up)There are plenty of other distractions at this park (arcade games, batting cages, driving range, bumper boats) --- but if the upkeep is as shoddy as the mini golf course, I'd stay far, far away.
2	We've taken the kids to Fiddlesticks a few times and I've been quite underwhelmed.  Each time we've been there a significant number of the inside games are broken (with no "out-of-order" sign) and it's hard to find anyone to get your money back or fix them.  They really could improve their on-site service.  The mini-golf is okay but slow as molasses when it's crowded and could use a little maintenance as it's a bit frayed around the edges.  The carts and water bumbers are standard fare and a little pricey.  The driving range is pretty good though, especially when the grass tee positions are available.
1	Hmph, fiddle sticks. I've been here four times over the course of about 2 years. Nothing has improved since my first visit. The rides are rickety. The go-karts are junk. The mini-golf is pathetic. The sitting areas and tables are in poor display. And to make it all worse, the prices seem to have gone up. This place suffers from lack of care. Simple as that. There is no other reason for decaying ceiling tiles that barely hold up the dusty and out-dated 'prizes'.  No need for the sitting areas to have tables that are two different colors - faded blue and rust. There is no need for entire patches to be missing from the putting greens. Kids still seem to like this place...as long as their having fun, I guess whatever is whatever. But while standing around waiting on the tikes to tire out, I couldn't do anything but look around at the decay of this place. (not like any of the arcade games gave me something more to do) Even my 14-year old cousin was content just standing around pointing out bad things along with me. We kinda wanted to play mini-golf but the disrepair of the courses turned us off.  I was talking with one of the workers and out of the blue, he perked up and said "Oh, and they finally got the water running through the mini-golf!" Then he frowned and said, "At least, I think they do..." They didn't.  And the fact that he was excited over something that should never be an issue pretty much said it all. I don't know if that Saturday afternoon they were just understaffed...but repeatedly little kids had to wait way too long for someone to come and man the kiddie karts. I counted at least 5 people walk away with their kids, in just about a half hour. And once they did get to go, only 3 karts worked with one of them needing to be put out of its misery. But there was no one to man it because the guy was too busy manning the regular go-karts. We were there for over 4 hours and he pulled double duty the whole time. And its not like someone who was supposed to be working was somewhere goofing off - there just wasn't anyone else to help. I have to give the workers kudos for working hard that day. The go-kart guy took the time to help one really tiny girl make her way around the track twice, and for his age, you don't usually see that kind of dedication.  I also saw the guy that got stuck with birthday party host duties tirelessly keeping track of every guest and making sure they got what they wanted.The bumper boats didn't bump, they gently touched. They did squirt water though...the kids had more fun squirting water at people standing in line than they did bumping. There was a little "roller-coaster" that every time it started up, it sounded like a mack truck had busted into the place and was screeching its brakes while running down every man, woman, and child. I didn't visit the batting cages or the driving range, but last time I did use the batting cages, they malfunctioned more than a few times. And lets not get started on the condition of the equipment. Inside, there is no fun to be had by people over 11. Outdated arcade games that ate tokens are what you'll find. Plus some standard skeeball and hoops which worked decently enough. The ticket games are there, too...albeit old. Its enough to keep smaller kids busy and entertained. And I guess that's all there needs to be, eh? Their event area is as bland as you can get, but big enough to accommodate two parties at once...though you'd be so close together you might end up taking the wrong kid home.For eating, there are tables crappily placed as you walk in, perfect for all the kids in line to stare at you as you try to eat or for people's booties to land right in your nachos. I don't remember the bathrooms. I got some Icees but refrained from buying food, even though my 10 yr old cuz kept begging for french fries. Let's just say everything was priced $2 too much, and I wasn't too sure about eating anything prepared in the place. So bottom line, its a runned down place with no personality other than ghetto; no care or effort put into the appearance; malfunctioning equipment and tacky everything else; kids seem to have fun; staff was hard-working and friendly; overpriced; not fun for adults. I can't recommend it. Now that their prices are so high, you might as well go to Gameworks.
5	I thought this place was great.  I was there for a work event, and we had the whole park to ourselves with open bar.... can you really beat that?  (plus, it is where my boyfriend and I had our first date... only in the batting cages and diving range section though...)Highlights of my trip were... and bear in mind some of this stuff is part of our party, and not part of the park.1) Face Painting/Animal Balloon Making!2) Scott and all of his ridiculousness.3) Skee Ball - I kicked Thoms ASS!4) Go-Karting.5) The DJ.The only thing I didn't like was not being able to drink wine on the kiddie rides.. Boo hoo.  I'll get over it.
1	Worse place ever! Old bad equipment, no one working and they sell rides by time and no one working to assist....huge waste of money and when we complained they could not even locate a manager! WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!
1	This place looks like it has been vandalized.  The Mini golf has ripped up turf and exposed contcrete on just about every hole.  No lighting on most holes.  Bad/Dirty Equipment.  At least it was expensive with inattentive employees. Seems unsafe and dirty.
1	Bought two "groupons" for the driving range - was just notified that this location is now closed and that I could be given a refund. I have been to this driving range in the past and was impressed, but for it closing down after buying a package - that's a one star in my book. RIP Fiddlesticks, until the next chapter 11...
1	This place closed permanently in Dec 2011. They are replacing it with a bunch of condos. Probably for the best, it had seen better days.
