3	Cameron toll is about  a 20 minute trip outside the city center, but really not worth the trip. If you are from the local area, then you'll find a good selection of stores like Boots, Bodycare,  Sainsburys, Orange etc., in a fairly decent size mall.The only real thing I can say about it is the extremely boring layout, pretty much just a straight line. I wasn't looking for an architectural masterpiece but for god sake, give us a corner!
3	Cameron Toll is a shopping centre outside of the city centre.  It's main interest will be its proximity to King's Buildings making it useful for students based in the area, though it may be of interest to those further afield due to its ample parking.The centre is dominated by a Sainsbury's (no restaurant though the Sainsbury's on the other side of town at Blackhall has one).  For food on the go, among others the food court boasts a baked potato shop and a Burger King.  There is also a Costa Coffee on the ground floor.  Of the shops on offer the highlights are: BHS, some phone stores, Peacocks, Shoe Zone (cheap but low quality shoes) and a WH Smith.For those based in King's Buildings its ideal if you wish to grab a lunch or pick up some shopping the only warning is a visit there and back will take about an hour unless you're very quick.
2	Cameron Toll Shopping Centre is, in architectural terms, a hideous building! I personally hate it and it reminds me of those dodgy eighties building you see about cities, it shouldn't be in Edinburgh! But sadly, this city does have some horrific buildings. Cameron Toll, has dark panels of glass all the way around it and is shaped like a slanted cube if that makes sense! Inside the shopping centre, there is a large Sainsbury's, which when I was there defiantly the most popular shop. There is a food section along with a host of other shops including boots, WHSmith and a BHS. This centre has the roughly the shops you come to expect from any other shopping centre these days. It is quite good for local people to have this nearby, but if you live in the centre of Edinburgh I would not be dashing out here to visit it!
4	I've got quite a decent knack for being able to appreciate the shittier things in life, and when it comes to Cameron Toll, my shitness radar goes off the chart. The actual stores themselves aren't anything bad, just the usual high street names with an emphasis on functionality rather than fashion, but it's the hideous building itself that does strike out at you.It's amazing to think that when I was an infant, these late 80s / early 90s monstrosities were considered the cutting edge of modern architecture, yet nowadays they're viewed with the same contempt that befalls postwar tower blocks and sink estates. They still make me a bit teary-eyed and nostalgic though.
4	Ugly. Is the word that will undoubtedly spring to your mind when you first clap eyes on this monstrosity of a building. And you'd be right, although you shouldn't let that put you off as it houses some useful high street names.The main reason I come here is to go to Sainsbury's, as it's the biggest supermarket anywhere near to the city centre that you can get to by public transport easily. But aside from that, there's also a handful of banks, travel agents, clothes shops like New Look and Peacocks, as well as random one-off shops like GimmeGizmo and Paperbox.You'll never find anything designer or massively upmarket in here, but it's good for all the day-to-day boring things that nobody likes shopping for but everybody needs. There's also free parking, which is another definite bonus.
3	Cameron Toll  is pretty rubbish really, but is dragged back from the brink by the Sainsbury's there, which is hee-owge. Outside it just looks like a 60s monstrosity that is waiting to be knocked down, for the good of humanity. Inside it is slightly less offensive, but there really is not much there, apart from the supermarket.Yes there are a few chains, notably a relatively big W H Smith's, a New Look and a few travel agents, and the occasional 1 off store like Gimme Gizmo and Paperbox, but nothing else of value. There are a load of those stores that perpetually have a sale on, with everything either at least 70% off, or chucked in the bargain bucket. Really though, nearly all these shops can be found on Prince's Street or in the St. James' centre, which offers you a lot more alternatives as well.The only real good point is the Sainsbury's, it is massive, and the only one within a reasonable distance from the centre, unless you want to faff about with a load of buses to get to Asda. For many of the students who live in Tesco Metro, this makes a nice change, as it is easy to get to and the quality and choice of food is infinitely better than Tesco. Unless you are here to do your groceries there is no real point so just head into town to find similar, but better shops
3	Cameron Toll Shopping Centre is well, blah. I can't think of anything other than "blah" to describe it really and I guess it's down to the fact that it's just rather uninspiring. As the other reviewers have mentioned, it isn't the most attractive building around and not the most inviting either.The saving grace of Cameron Toll is the fact that it's has the biggest Sainsbury's that I've ever seen in my life, so no matter what kind of storm you plan to cook up in the kitchen, you'll find all the ingredients under the sun here and then some.Other than that you will find a few travel agents, Bodycare, New Look, Waterstones, Thorntons and more mobile phone shops than are necessary.
3	It's not all that bad at Cameron Toll, the best thing about it is undoubtedly the huge Sainsbury's that it is home too, but there are also a few other little gems that are here such as Bhs, WhSmith and Waterstones. They also have a pretty good restaurants upstairs where you can catch a bite to eat or a tea or coffee.As others have said, it is pretty ugly, especially from the outside, but that's not going to really stop you from coming here and it does look a bit better on in the inside.Cameron Toll is also in a great location for students as it is in close proximity to Kings Buildings and student flats, which will mean that the stores here will be of much convenience to them rather than walking all the way to Princes Street.
3	Ugly repulsive outside but this place has brilliant shops.The Sainsburys and pound shop are my faves haha
2	The only reason to visit Cameron Toll is its Sainsbury's.Other than that it feels like it's dying on its feet.
2	I visited today for the first time in over a year, as i remembered it had a couple of sports shops, which I needed to visit. Oh dear.These have closed down , along with many other shops such as "Paperbox", the food court has been largely boarded up and many of the shops that are there were noticeably empty looking.   very disappointing and couldn't find what I needed, and sadly i think this place is now in a worse state that other shopping malls in Edinburgh.On the upside, the Sainsbury's is as large as ever, and there is now a Costa, one redeeming feature.Buts sadly as other reviewers have said, if your not coming food shopping, don't bother.
3	Not much has changed round Cameron toll since I was dodging about the place as a lad.Mainstays such as BHS, Boots, WH Smith and the epic Sainsbury's are nailed to the ground, unlikely to go anywhere, and still my personal main draws.Then there are the collections of phone shops, travel agents and budget drug stores. In the way of diversity, there isn't much. A bookshop at one end, a couple of clothing stores I wouldn't venture into, and a Game store for the local geeks.It pretty much covers all bases for what the locals might be in need of, so on that front it is fairly worthy. But not the kind of place you'd go out your way for.
3	Ok mod con shops, the place could do with some pazaaz, a better food court and an injection of love.
3	Cameron Toll is fine.  It's even almost kind of convenient for me for those times when I need something from Boots, WHS Smith, or most recently the Three Store, and can't be bothered with the crowds at Princes St.The Sainsbury's is pretty weird here and I think that may be due to the lack of natural light.  There's nothing actually *wrong* with it, it's large and has a good selection of everything, but I get a generally kind of scummy feeling from it and as I said, it must be due to the windowless thing.  Despite finding it A-OK and almost convenient at times, I don't like coming here.  I expect that's due to having no interest in 90% of the stores as well as its location.  It's not near anything else so a trip here is deliberate, it's not somewhere you stop into on your way to or from somewhere.
4	I actually like this place. Theres a fair amount of shops to go to with a good variety of goods. Has a massive Sansburys attached to it that always has fresh food. Place can be a little busy at times though but not always. Other than that its a nice quaint medium sized shopping centre that I always like to visit.
