5	I would never consider staying anywhere but the Parliament House Hotel when visiting Edinburgh.  Were I suddenly and miraculously endowed with enormous fortune and had the means to stay at the finest suites at the Ritz-Carlton, I would still prefer the charm of the Parliament to the grandeur of the RC.  The rooms are spacious for European hotel rooms and impeccably clean with deliciously comfortable beds; the bathroom was enormous with excellent water-pressure in the showers and, as previously mentioned, plenty of hot water; the location was superb--only a few minutes' walk to the train station and many wonderful pubs and attractions, and Calton Hill right across the street offering spectacular views of the city and the Firth of Forth; the restaurant served delectable food--the vegetable terrine had us bewitched; a parlour with all the warm and welcoming character of the Victorian home you've always dreamed of in your rosiest fits of unfounded nostalgia, with wood panelling and squashy armchairs and a perpetual cheery fire in the grate; a toothsome selection of regional whiskys and other hot beverages to soothe the spirits and kindle the heart; but best of all by far was the staff.  Every person from the desk attendant to the chamber maid to the server in the restaurant was a delight to interact with an a true comfort to the traveller.  Every staff member clearly worked their tuchus off seeing to the needs of their patrons, but never once was their kindness, friendliness, and attentiveness detracted from in the slightest bit by any hint of weariness or indifference.  One truly felt a welcome guest in the home of an dear friend.  No matter how much we had done during the day, when we came home in the evening we took the time to relax in the lobby with after-dinner drinks and a chat with whatever receptionist on duty, and it was some of the most delightful time we spent on an imcomparably delightful trip.  Cannot recommend highly enough.
3	Interesting.  Some fairly vanilla rooms, which are reasonable, but one or two very old, wood-panelled rooms with gorgeous decorative plastered ceilings.  Presumably a over a hundred years old..  These come with fairly ageing fittings, but worth it nonetheless.
3	The rooms are decent and clean.The breakfast is basic, but not included. They have a half decent selection on their menu, and there is a breakfast buffet with cereals, croissants and sometimes muffins. The service is slow, so make sure you have time if you order anything from their menu. My main complaint on this hotel is their internet. It disconnects all the time, and sometimes for up to half an hour at a time. It's just really unstable.
