1	My buddy Scott came to visit, and we booked a tee time at Wigwam. I actually called in, and booked a tee time on the Gold course. They have three courses here, including the Gold course, the Patriot course, and the Heritage. The Patriot was closed, and the Gold fit my yardages. I read some reviews that the Heritage was the easiest course, and while I like a confidence boost, I wasn't looking for a walk in the park. When we got to the golf course, the outside service told me to pick any cart. EVERY golf course I have played, the outside service persons take the clubs, add them to the cart, etc. He told me to put them on any cart myself. Fine. I go in, and am told we are playing the Heritage. Strike two. Then I get ready to warm up, and realize the cooler on the golf cart was empty. I asked the kid outside, and he said, "You can grab water in the bar." It was 115 degrees outside, and not only was water not provided, we were expected to pay for it in the bar. Our tee time was $20. The water... $19. I have not played a single round of golf in Arizona where water was not provided. After we hit some balls, we made a few putts, but the practice green was in horrible condition. We joked that the course better not look like this. We headed to the first tee, and stopped in to see the starter. Some young girl was inside talking on her cell phone. She set her phone down, and told us to go ahead and play. No big deal... the course was empty. We didn't need a starter. We teed off and started playing. The first green was the same, if not worse than the practice green near the driving range. They were slow, bumpy, and in just unplayable shape. They didn't get any better. No two greens were the same speed, and I got really upset on hole 17. I hit a great shot into the green, looking at a birdie putt. There was a HUGE chunk of the green missing. Not as if the group in front of us did that, but it was there, had been, and the hole was cut right next to it. That is when I decided to say something. Oh, let's go back to the front. A beverage cart came by on hole 3. Then again on hole 6. She didn't have water, she had ice. There were water fountains on the course, but not on every hole. When she came by on hole 6, she told us she was leaving for the day. Leaving for the day? We haven't even played 6 holes yet. Why in the world was she leaving with players on the golf course?I am sure this sounds like I am complaining, but I was VERY upset with the overall experience. I posted something on Twitter, and they never replied. I filled out a comment card, and they never called. I posted something on Facebook, and have started an email chain with them. They are apologizing, but making excuses about the water, course conditions, etc. They also asked for me to come back for another round on the Gold course. They have since closed the Heritage. Good thing... because people couldn't play that and be happy with the conditions. It was only $20, but I still want my money back. Don't get me wrong, this property is gorgeous. I am sure it is a great resort and the spa looked awesome. But the little things that just continued to add up were unacceptable, and while a free round of golf is a nice gesture, it won't fix issues for guys that don't speak up. I will go play the Gold, and I hope to have a better experience. I also hope they start providing water... in the desert... in the summer.
1	I have to say that I was disappointed. Having been told some good things by people that went there two years ago, I thought I would take the family for a special day of pampering and rest. It couldn't have been worse. The valet seemed more intent on telling us we were lost than showing welcoming us, and the food in the restaurant (apart from the omelets!) tasted like it was cooked way back when my friends went to the resort. The coffee was lukewarm, people kept swarming around asking to clear dishes, and that was even before some of our party had finished getting their food. With so many resorts in the Valley, this is not one I will be going back to anytime soon. No, ever.
3	I played the red course today.  The course was laid out very well, but the course was not maintained very well.  The greens were decent but the fairways and rough was dry and reminded me of a municipal course.  The staff was nice and very helpful and made my experience a little better.  I would play again, but I'll try to play the blue course, it looks nicer from what I could see.  The driving range is good too.  I like the fact that you can hit as many ball for $12.00 and my 4 year old son was welcome.
4	Recently purchased and updated.  The Wigwam is back!The course was in great shape and the grounds and staff at the clubhouse are first rate.The casitas and hotel are very nice as are the restaurants.
1	Rented clubs and twice the head of the driver got loose. Told the pro-shop and they wouldn't issue a credit nor did they feel empathetic, all they said was 'oh well it happens'.My next round was at Grayhawk Golf Club and my experience was the complete opposite.
4	My favorite courses in the West Valley, particularly like the Blue, good for all levels of play. I play at least once a month and always enjoy it, even when my game stinks, which is often these days. It forgiving and fun, love the challenge.
5	Amazing service & hospitality! I highly recommend this resort! The rooms & pools are awesome too!
4	I was recently invited to play in a celebrity golf tournament at this course.  It was a lot of fun.  There are three 18 hole courses to play.  We played on the Heritage Course, which is 6,852 yds from the Men's Championship tees and 6,291 from the Men's Club tees.  It's fun traditional course that's very flat with large trees, a little water, and medium difficulty rough.  It's not a typical desert course.  If you spray your shot here, you have a very good chance to find it....unless you hit it into a residence.The day we played, the greens and fairways were in great condition.  Overall, it was a fun day of golf.  I'd like to come back and play the other 2 courses.Return Factor - 90%
4	We thought the Wigwam was a classic old desert resort, once that's been restored and continues to be well maintained, both the facilities and the golf course. The courses were very basic parkland style layouts, and playable, yet challenging. The lodge, guest service, and restaurant facilities were all very well done, an excellent experience overall. We also posted a review at the Forelinksters guide here, for more information:http://blog.forelinksters.com/2010/01/19/wigwam-golf-resort/
4	The fairways and greens of the Heritage Course were in great shape, as well as the practice facility.  My wife and I will definately play here the next time we come to The Wigwam Resort for a date weekend this Summer.  Also, the food and service at Red's Grill was exceptional, especially the prime rib dinner special on Saturday evening !
4	Played the Heritage Course, in very good condition and winter grass just in. A great place to golf, eat and relax. The WigWam does not disappoint.
