5	The people on duty both times I shopped here were great. Friendly, knowledgeable, and eager to provide excellent customer service. Unbelievable this day and age!  I went there for a new battery for my phone, and a bluetooth ear phone.  They let me test the ear phone in the store to make sure it was compatible with my phone, and went the extra mile to show other products in my price range.  They were so friendly I was actually looking around the store for something extra to buy just to give them more money!  :-)  Not only would I come back here, but I'd urge everyone else to go here and keep this business around. They deserve it.  I hope they read these reviews and see how happy they make their customers.
4	Came in here after a long night on the strip. I lost me cell phone and needed a replacement. The staff was very knowlegable and helped me call Sprint to get a discount on my lost phone.Definite find.
5	This place is amazing! I've been a customer here for about 5 months and they have never steered me wrong. Cheap, efficient and dependable. I would suggest to anyone to drop your contracted mobile account and go straight to yes of course. Valerie is great and will help you out with anything you need!
5	You have to check this place out stop and see Valerie she's very cool easy on the eyes and she has everything you need for cell phones, since I was in Vegas I need a iphone 5 car charger and yell had a nice deal $5 for $10 ! Now the charger is not top grade it  definitely suited  it purpose! So Val the next time I'm in town I will be stoping thru!!!!
5	Val was very helpful and knowledgeable about the products. She helped me with a sim card issue and didn't even charge me, so I bought a stock charger for a great price. Will buy from again and refer my friends and family.
5	I went in to find a battery for my son who has an old Galaxy S.  The staff was very friendly and helpful in helping me find the correct battery.  I looked around and was surprised to see all of the different items they had in their store.  As I was waiting to check out the lady behind me started talking to me and mentioned how much she liked this store because of previous experiences she had there.  I would highly recommend Yes of Course for cell phone needs and will be returning there again.
5	We just moved to Vegas a month ago. I told Valerie that I needed basic service and a Vegas phone number. I had some older phones. She found me a $12 a month Plan using an older Android Verizon phone I had. Prepaid and no contracts. 250 minutes talk and 200 texts per month and a little bit of Data. Perfect for me.Valerie was super busy and a great multi-tasker.The plan uses Verizon towers. I'm super happy..:)
