1	A total nightmare of an experience with this lot. I fly into Phoenix once a year to visit my parents located in Goodyear, AZ. In order to save my wife and I a few dollars, I decided to avoid rentign from the airport wnterprise location, and try the local Goodyear location. WHAT A MISTAKE!!!! As my wife always tells me, you get what you paid for...how true. I was offered the choice, as an upgrade mind you, of the smallest, cars imanigable....I select a kia at first, drove it a mile, and promptly returned it..the seats felt like coffin lids...the car wrote erradicaly..Next, was my second choice, a chevy cobalt...the drivers seat sank to the left...the brake pads were obviously in poor condition, as in order to stop, additional pressure was required on the brakes....but the worst was yet to come..   The same night after renting the checy cobalt, I went o gas up the tank, as the car renta agency only left the car with less than a quarter of a tan of gas!!! Unhreard of....as I went to shut the car off, it would not allow me to...the key was stuck in the on position!!! Long story short, I get th car back on empty to my parents, and ask my step father, who's aformer car mechanic to get the key out and the car off..he could not do it..he had to disable the car, by pulling a few enginen cables loose, which left the headlights still on!!!! In the interim I was o nthe phone with Enterprise's "emergency" road side assistance..I spoje to two different operators..opne had the nerve to laugh hystericaly in my ear at my situation, telling me that they have trouble similar to mine wit hthe chevy cobalt's that they rebnt..Sothat is funny to charge the public for cars you know are unsafe? I think not jackass.     The the emergency operator after finishing his chuckle routine....told me that they will onoly send trippl e A out to tow their car, once the enginen has stoped...in the meantime we were stil trying to get the enginen off..before my step father figured out how to....I asked the phone operator, am I supposed to drive around untilthe car runs out of gas i nthe desert at 11 pm???? Or leave it here i n my parent's dtiveway,t hy reside in an upscale gated golf community...the noise was disturing their neighbors, from the car running, and the exhaust fumes smelled like exhaust fumes..awful. An hour later the tow truck guy heads out, he's lost, as he's from chandler, located a distance away...he gets there..and says oh no...curing under his breath...they toldme at entrprise that the car was in the street...I had just had it then...the tow guy and I physicaly pushed the car into the street..after midnight now this car was out of my life...I thought!!!    The next day the Goodyear enterprise sent out a rep. with a really nice, new mazda....but it did not have an aux ipod jack...ok, no biggie..this car was sweet....ran well, looked good, etc.... I was assurd my oneday rntal was free, the remaning four days reduced to half price...great!!! I return the car four days later,. on time, in mint condition, with a full tank of gas..they gave it to me initaly with 1/3 tank filled....the car was fine, but the price discount they quoted me was incorrect..they lied straight to my face at the rental location in Goodyear-claiming they nevrt guarnteed me 4 days at half price, onlyone!!! So after ome debate it was reduced afew dollars, that was it..I just wanted to get home, and on my flight a few hours later....Once back at home I wrote to the enterprise Corp..a rep. from the main branch in Phoenix phoned me ... he was on the ball this guy, agreed with all of my complants...gave me the full agreed upon 1/2 price with ad ay free rental..car cost me under 70.00 for 5 days..but man, the hassels involved left a sour taste in my mouth....I would not recomend the Goodyear location...they are incompetant at best, and non trustworthy. I've had better luck with other Enterprises around the country. Thy are not all as corrupt as this one....it was alearning experience to say the least.PS. As I was checkignout of the Goodyear enterprise location, a fellow customer was complaning that his rental car from them,t he same location had bad brakes, he believed the car was once in an accident!!! I shook his hand.
1	Crappy selection!
1	They don't even deserve a star.  Complete scam artists... I will never rent again from any Enterprise and I am letting everyone know about my experience and how they lied to me.  I will not write the details out here but if you are renting from this place BE VERY CAREFUL.  Walk completely around your car and check everything: scratches, dents, gas, mileage, etc.  Be very specific and do not let the swift sales men smooze you.  Good luck!
1	I was very disappointed with this Enterprise, we rented a car and had to upgrade to a larger car/van, they had nothing, so I went to another location, when I returned that car, there was a crack on the side mirror, which the sales guy had conveniently been standing in front of the whole time, no issue though we had the insurance coverage, but it is just not right. Anyhow when we returned the van we left some things in and when they "cleaned" the vehicle they did not find it. I don't believe they cleaned it or if they did they have a thief working there! and if they didn't clean it that's still bad! I also was charged for gas, when the car was empty when I switched cars, I called and they said they would refund it and five working days later still no refund. Again very disappointed, we've rented from them other times but will NOT anymore. If you do decide to rent be VERY CAREFUL!!! look for all the details, even with the insurance they still point things out to me and it's like they don't know I had the insurance think they just do it to everyone :(
4	I don't understand the negative reviews posted. My insurance company confirmed a reservation with Enterprise. They picked me up at the auto body shop I had my car serviced at and dropped me back off when my vehicle was fixed. I was able to rent a Chevy Impala that drove very smooth. The sales associates were energetic and friendly and the whole experience was so easy.  I'm glad this Enterprise is close to home in Goodyear and I would definitely use them again.
5	I have had the pleasure of working with the staff at this Enterprise location a few times over the last year and have been treated great!  Staff is friendly, polite, and honest.  They listened to my preference in a vehicle and worked with what was available to meet my needs.  Never was there a question of the condition of the vehicle since they do a thorough check before the vehicle leaves their lot.  I'm happy Enterprise is close to my Goodyear home and will definitely use them again!
1	These guys are as uncooperative and inconvienent as you can get. If you rent with a debit card they will hassle you to no end. Two utility bills proving you are at said address and bank statement of proof of connection to debit card. Thats a lot of personal information they dont need and unethical employees could swipe this information easily. The women there are just idiots and have no friendliness or able to accomodate anything. DONT EVER GO HERE!!! The car selection is bad too.
1	Upon getting the rental car we asked Nick (the day's manager it seemed like) to note that there was a fair size dent in the middle of the hood.  His reply was that it was less than 2" and not to worry about it.  We still requested it be noted but apparently he did not.  At least he was decent enough to mention his name so I knew who to refer to upon returning the car.However, upon returning the car I was questioned about the dent on the hood and Nick was nowhere to be found that day.  Now don't get me wrong I didn't get charged extra for this but the idea that I was treated like a criminal when I had done nothing doesn't appeal to me.  Especially since I kind of expected this would happen and tried to prevent it from happening by requesting it be noted in the first place.It just seems like the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing at this joint.  If TRULY I wasn't going to be questioned about the dent then Nick was right about not noting it down (even though we requested it) on the paperwork.  If, however, I will be questioned about it, it needs to be addressed up front.The manager of the day when I returned the car was catty and had extremely poor PR skills.  She was snippy and sourly and suddenly walked away from the whole interaction when asked for her name.  One of her 'underlings' finished the transaction she quickly inflamed with her pour attitude and lack of customer service.  I felt sorry for the poor guy for having to work for someone like that.On another note, I truly despise the fact that Enterprise has decided to rent cars with gas tanks nearly empty.  At least other places like Budget always ensure you have a full tank, a great service.  There is nothing I loathe more than picking a car with little fuel then having to judge how many gallons it will take to fill it back up to nearly empty, always a juggling act.
5	I recently rented from Enterprise. I needed a car for a weeks trip to LA. The office was very busy when I got there and I had to wait longer than expected. When I complained to the manager about it, he immediately took care of me. The Manager (Jose) got me into a car that was several upgrades higher than what I had reserved, gave me an even greater discount than I had expected, and on top of that threw in a third of a tank of gas on the house. No question where I am going the next time I need to rent. I am absolutely going back to Enterprise. Thanks Jose, Thanks Enterprise.David
1	This is the GHETTO! Awful and lazy customer service!! I booked a reservation online and when I came in, I waited half of an hour to be greeted/helped, although there were only two people in line, on a Tuesday. Then the customer service rep told me they were out of cars, even though I had a prior reservation. She also rudely interrupted my friend (who was thankfully there for moral support). She then directed us to her manager, who also did nothing to help the situation. That girl needs to be fired. Not to mention that this branch has a dreary front office with almost no furniture and outdated 90's posters on the wall. Felt uncomfortable all around.
