1	This place is a disaster.  Because it is open 24 hours, we wound up here for dinner at 11 pm.  We were seated in the non-smoking section, which is sandwiched between the smoking-allowed casino and the smoking-section rest of the restaurant, only after they cleared away a dirty table.  No one came to take our order.  People left and no one cleared their food, so my view was of two dirty tables.  I looked for someone to flag down to ask for our server and found that the guy at the table next to me was complaining that the waitress hadn't brought their food and they had been waiting forever.  I asked someone for our server.  She said she would locate the server, but still no one came.  I went to the hostess station and again asked for our server.  Back at our table, someone came to take our drink order!  When the server finally came, we ordered.  My husband said his cheeseburger was good, but not great.  My fruit plate way okay, expensive, but that's what you get for eating in a casino.The drink guy spilled a good portion of my margarita on his tray before serving it to me.  He didn't say sorry.  He didn't wipe off the now totally sticky glass.  And he didn't offer to make me another one since he spilled a bunch.A friend joined us and ordered sparkling water.  The waitress brought him a full place setting and when he said he only ordered water she said he "had to have a setting".The waitress forgot to bring my tea.No one took our bill until we flagged someone down.Avoid this place at all costs.Other Monte Carlo restaurants include:* Andre's Monte Carlo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg)* Monte Carlo Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/V9klA6JGT6Fz2UpVP_7sBw)* Dragon Noodle Company (http://www.yelp.com/biz/5VXlHFrYZZzj7zfZEsz5nQ)* Monte Carlo Pub & Brewery* Market City Caffe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ppmYIHMCIL5bocUsJSsDWA?hrid=m3R1TFBnWTzGB_8XxuCLjA)
2	Ewww..How did I get bamboozled into this???A guest of the Monte Carlo and tired on my first night in town, I had met about 45 family members at the hotel.  A few of us decided to have a late and easy dinner at the Cafe.Big mistake.Service just sucked overall.Delayed drinks.Server took forever to take our order.Messed up our order.Did little to correct it.The food itself was mediocre.In a city with so many great food options, I should have gone for that footlong hotdog at Slots-o-fun.
4	I had a great experience here!  My friends and I ate here after waking up in the afternoon and were able to order both breakfast and lunch.  One friend had waffles and a side of sausage, and the other had bacon, eggs, and a side of toast.  They had no complaints and said it was rather good.  I had the club sandwich and fries, which were also great (especially the fries which were battered and fried).We were there on a Thursday afternoon when it wasn't so busy, about 1:30.  The service was great, friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable...it is Vegas after all.
4	Some friends were getting married at the Monte Carlo at 3:30pm last Saturday.  Since it's better to be early than late, we ended up at the casino around 1pm and ended up in Cafe for lunch.  Lucky for me I didn't go through the service level described by the other Yelpers.  We were seated promptly and everything was just peachy.  Emily and her mom were feeling a bit soupy so they went with the Minestrone (for mom) and Chicken Noodle (for Em) and split a Greek Salad.  I'm assuming the taste was good as they cleaned their plates nicely.  =)  As for me, I saw they had a Two Handed BLT on the menu... something about bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo just tugs at my heartstrings.  Mmmm.  Definitely one of the better BLT's I've come across (I hate it when it's too salty), and I'd go back to get it again.  Pics are up.  Pricing was pretty cheap, but they more than got it back from me on the tables... doh!
3	4 stars for the food, 3 stars for the price (OK, so it's Vegas, you pay up the nose for simple things like food and hot water in your hotel room), -1/2 star for the fact that we could still hear the slot machines on the other side of the mock topiary.  A friend and I came here for breakfast on a weekday morning so we had no problem getting a table.  We ordered an eggs benedict and stuffed French toast, both of which were pretty good.  We sat there for another hour talking since we saw that the coffee had cost $1.75 and we decided to make it worth our while.  The waitress was cordial, even though she must have been getting pretty impatient.  When we finally left we were $30 poorer but overall satisfied with our meal.  Beats the food court =P.
3	went her for breakfast and ordered the bannana split waffles and they where pretty good, i would order them again. my wife ordered egg benedict and the sauce was to mustardy. the hash brings where to greasy and not cripsy at all. the OJ was the nastiest ever. The waffles where pretty good though
3	We went for brunch and the price/food were a tad better than MGM's Cafe.  The California Garden Omelette I ordered for $8.99 includes toast & hash browns.  Our server was nice, but forgot our ketchup and jam.  The water glasses are pretty and there were nice dessert choices.  It's a good place to visit for a nice sit-down brunch/late night dinner.I would give this 3.5 stars (b/c it is better than MGM's Cafe), but I don't get that option.
1	This place is not good. Too pricey for mediocre food. I would honestly rather eat fast food. You're in Vegas! Please go somewhere else. There are plenty of GOOD places to eat elsewhere on the strip!I ordered the Chicken Alfredo and it was soooooooooo bland! I had to add pepper, salt and extra Parmesan cheese for it to finally taste decent. I think my boyfriend enjoyed his surf and turf (steak and fried shrimp), but my meal was gross. The waitress was so ignorant and rude, too. She had a harsh gross voice when she was taking people's orders AND she was complaining about another party while serving the table in front of us! The only good thing was that mushrooms and chicken were included in the Alfredo and I didn't have to add each item for like an extra 2.00 like in most Italian restaurants.
3	Obviously, don't go out of your way to come here. But if you're staying at Monte Carlo, it's not so bad. I had the Ribeye steak which was actually cooked properly (medium well). Not much more you can ask for from your average casino cafe.
2	For some reason, my parents LOVE restaurants like this. Honestly, they remind me of my high school days when the coolest place to hang out was Perkins because it was open late.The food was what I expected- pancakes, burgers, etc. One night I requested a grilled cheese sandwich, although it wasn't on the menu. They were nice and made me one. Eh.Breakfast here was good- I had the stuffed french toast. I'd get it again. I would not, though, go out of my way to eat here if I wasn't staying in the Monte Carlo. Which I was. So there.
3	I would have to agree with what some people have said and would not go to the Cafe unless i was staying at the Monte Carlo. But since I was, this place really hit the spot. The best part about Cafe is that it's open 24 hours, so you can get any meal at any time. Their Fillet Mignon Eggs Benedict are amazing and the bernaise sauce is absolutely delightful. The prices are reasonable and they have a $4.99 steak dinner/breakfast deal generously portioned, so it definitely fills you up. Their mimosas are also pretty good. They're made with freshly squeezed orange juice and they give you a little extra juice and champagne so you can pour yourself a little more when you're done. And it's only about $0.50 more than plain OJ, so you might as well spring for the champagne.
1	I might have given this place 2 stars had the service been better.  We waited forever for our waitress to come around (for EVERYTHING.  drinks, food, extra things we asked for in the beginning, the check).  Our drink server didn't say a word.  We say "thank you," she said nothing.  Food was okay.  I had the crabcake sliders.  Decent.  Everything else was just okay.  2 friends asked for a side of ranch, which they had to ask for in the middle of the meal (since our waitress neglected to bring them in the beginning and took forever coming around).  We go to pay and find out that they charge a freaking $1 for the ranch.  Well, first we wait like a good 10 minutes to get our check.  So when we get to the front to pay, we politely tell the cashier that we weren't informed that the side of ranch would cost money.   "Do you want to talk to the manager?"  So we say sure.  Manager comes over while she's cleaning a glass and with zero apology she says "well, we charge for everything here."  OKAYYYYyy...... rude and unapologetic.  It was just a couple bucks, but it's the principle!!  $0 tip for you!!  I've never done that before... but my girlfriends were not very happy with the service... so yea, don't go here unless you are ok with bad service.
4	At 2AM, after a night out, what more can you ask for, but a 4.99 steak and egg dinner/breakfast/lunch?? They give you steak, hash, eggs, and toast, all that for less than the number of fingers on one hand. Perhaps we got lucky and the server was actually very nice
3	I would rather give 2-1/2 stars, but I guess I will just have to round up to 3. We ate here twice during our stay at the Monte Carlo. The first time was for breakfast/lunch, around 1PM. I had a specific yogurt request. they usually serve vanilla yogurt in a parfait style with fruit and granola. I just wanted plain yogurt with honey. They chef was nice enough to come out and clarify what "plain" I meant, non-flavored or just without the fruit. That was nice of him. We also ordered the eggs benedict, french toast with nutella spread and apple compote, & a mojito. The eggs benedict were perfect, nicely made, as was the mojito. The French Toast would be better off without the weird nuttella spread and overworked apple compote. We went to the cafe after a long night. A member of our party was in a wheelchair. We asked to move an extra table to ours and the manager on duty said she couldn't do it because there wasn't space. She didn't offer any solution. She was really rude and short with me. The customers next to us offered to move over, so we had room to do this. I ordered the $4.99 steak and eggs special, thinking this was a great deal. The eggs were perfect and the hash browns were pretty good. The steak, however, was weird. I am not sure what this steak went through, but the texture was not like a real steak. It was like a formed steak patty or something. I ordered it medium rare, but I guess that is hard to do with a formed steak product. I am really creeped out by what I ate. I kept tasting it to try to figure out what it was.  I still don't know. So in sumation: 3 stars for the nice daytime Chef. Minus 2 stars for the horrible overnight manager & weird food product.
4	Sometime between 1 and 2 am, on our way back from barhopping down the strip, we stumbled into the Cafe for a late night bite before calling it a night. Had the steak dinner for $4.99. You can also get the steak and eggs for the same price. Both deals are available from 12am-6am (everyday I think). Portions were just right for a late night meal. More than enough to quiet the tummy that's been pumped with alcohol of all colors.
3	Cafe.Really? Could they have just taken five extra minutes to give this place a better name?Well, it's open 24 hours and smack-dab in the middle of the Monte Carlo ground floor. Cheap(er) drinks (under $10 in Vegas is a steal) but unmemorable food. That is, except for their POT PIE. Seriously, this thing was literally the size of a real pie, filled with scorching hot gravy, chicken, carrots, potatoes and onions. The exterior was a little more doughy than a croissant, and deep underneath this buttery coat there was a little dish . It was the shining star of the meal. Literally, I've never had a better pot pie in my entire life.Service was slow, but our waitress told us the kitchen was a little backed up, and she was sure to keep our drinks coming.I just felt I had to comment on that monumental pot pie more than anything. Oh yeah, and my friend Paul must've caught some sort of contagious Lance Burton energy because he magnetized his spoon and was lifting it with his knife. Very eerie, but totally awesome. Pics uploaded.
2	not a creative name and the restaurant isn't good either.  I ordered the steak and eggs for 6$ and didn't finish it.  This is a good place to head to if your staying at the monte carlo and is hungry at 4am in the morning, however i wouldn't recommend going somewhere else though.
3	The Cafe inside Monte Carlo casino: Not very interesting food. But due to it's location and 24hr hours, I visit there all the time (8?). It's right on the casino floor, so I don't have far to go between gambling breaks. Some of the food portions are huge. The appetizers especially surprised me a bit. I ordered two of them, plus an entree. The two appetizers were enough for a meal. Good stuff: onion rings, desert, chicken tenders..
3	Eh, I'm not really too impressed by this place. The food was probably a little better than a 3 star. The service wasn't too great either. The name is a little lazy. They could have came up with an original name. LMAO!I ordered the mixed grill plate which included ribs, steak, chicken, sausage and fried potato skins. Like I said the food was maybe a 3/12 to 4 star. I probably would have given it 4 stars if the service wasn't so blah.I probably will not come back here for more. Who knows though?
3	We went to the cafe on a recent trip to Vegas.  We choose to eat here mainly because we were staying in the hotel, and it was just easy to coordinate with the family member we were meeting.  Oddly enough, when we were planning were to go, I said "Let's just go to the cafe, whatever they call it here"...who knew the marketing genius' had already decided to name it Cafe.We were seated very quickly as there were plenty of seats available, not surprising since it was about 2:15p so we were missing both lunch and dinner rushes.  The service was pretty spotty overall, the server was definitely friendly, but there seemed to be gaps in the between the times we saw her.  Wasn't too impressed with the meal choices and ended up choosing their hot turkey sandwich offering.  I hit a home run with my choice though, because it was great.  On the bottom was a great tasting brioche bun, covered with mashed potatoes, gravy, turkey breast (the real deal, not deli turkey) and covered by the top portion of the brioche bun.  On the side of the plate there was also some cranberry sauce.  I didn't care too much for the cranberry, though I generally don't.  Everything else was very good, flavorful, good temperature, etc.  I really liked this sandwich, and if I were to ever go back, I wouldn't hesitate to order this.If I was basing solely on the food, I'd be at a 4 or 4.5, but since the service wasn't great and it wasn't particularly a great value, I'm knocking it down to a 3.5, and rounding down to a 3.
2	This place did the job, it provided edible food in a clean environment at a somewhat decent price at 11pm on a Saturday night.  However, to say it left something to be desired would be accurate. Perhaps it was due to the time of day, but the menu offerings were pretty slim, I seriously flipped through it three times, thinking surely I'd missed something. I ended up ordering their two egg plate that came with hash browns and toast, the bf got an angel hair pasta dish w/ tomatoes and an olive oil sauce. The food was just okay. Our waitress was very friendly, attentive, and kept the cocktails coming! However, I'd venture to say that unless I really didn't have any other option and didn't feel like walking anywhere else, I'd probably pass on eating here again.
4	Four stars just for their 12am - 6am steak and egg special!!!Good amount of steak, lots of hashbrown, two eggs cooked to order, toast, with 4 different kinds of jam....all for just $6!!! Yay. And yea, good service, nice environment, convenient. :)
2	A little disappointing. The place looked swankier than the food delivered on. Definitely overpriced for the quality of the meal - I'd just hit up the Sbarro's down the hall and probably walk away happier. One of the more disappointing restaurants in the Monte Carlo
3	This is really a 2 1/2, but I'm rounding up to a three for the convenience.  On my last visit, I went once for lunch and once for breakfast and the food was just average.  I had the crabcake sliders and fries for lunch.  The crabcakes were bland and the fries were your everyday run of the mills french fries.  For breakfast, I had the corned beef hash with potato and scrambled eggs.  The corned beef hash was less greasy than other places, which is good, but again, your standard run of the mill food.  If I were staying at another hotel, I wouldn't make an effort to come over and eat here, but if I am staying at this hotel, it's good enough for me (than to brave that extreme desert weather in both the middle of summer and the middle of winter)
2	Damn...I should have tried the Monte Carlo Pub was all I was thinking!!! This place is O.K. We went there on a Monday night and it wasn't very crowded...which was good because me and my boyfriend were HUNGRY!!! We ordered two small plates (which were offered at $5.00 a plate...a good value) which was mushrooms and fried zucchini. We also decided to go with the Mexican style egg rolls from the regular appetizer section. Well it took forever to take our order...forever to get our drinks and forever for the food to come. When the food finally arrived...I had to laugh at the egg rolls because there were only TWO egg rolls and they had the nerve to charge $9.00. Come on now...did the other four slip off the plate on the way to the table or what??? The funny thing...is that the "small plates" that they offered for about half of the price had more food. Well we decided to go all the way and we ordered a dessert which took forever to come...of course. It took over and hour and half...to get a handful of zucchini, a handful of mushrooms, two egg rolls and a little desert. Luckily it wasn't that expensive (with the exception of the egg rolls). If I spend and hour and a half dining I better leave there extremely satisfied...not hungry!!! Damn...I should have gone to the Monte Carlo Pub instead!!!
3	I was hesitant to go here after reading sone of the reviews, but was quite happy after all. I had the half sandwich (tuna on sourdough) and cup of chicken noodle soup.  If I would have known they didnt toast the bread i would have asked for it toasted. The chicken noodle was most likely out of a can, but it was still tasty. My husband had the club sandwich with fries, the bite of sandwich I had was good, and they gave him more than enough fries to share, so i certainly helped myself :)The waitress Felene, was very sweet, friendly and attentive, not fake at all, which seems to be a common characteristic of vegas waitresses. Overall our experience was quite good especially considering it was after midnight on a Monday.Oh and if you wait till after 12:30am-ish?  You can get a steak for $5.99  haha, we didn't see the sign until our way out, too bad next time!
3	I'm really surprised by all the negative reviews on the Monte Carlo cafe. Although it can't be beat by Grand Luxe Cafe at the Venetian, this is still a decent cafe option with reasonable/affordable prices.If you're looking for something on the budget, Cafe gets the job done for breakfast options or simple sandwiches, salads, soups, & burgers.The bill came to $25 for two people for lunch, for two sandwiches that we shared. Both also came with sides (either cole slaw or fries)
3	This place isn't as bad as everyone else thinks it is. My friend and I came here right after we checked into the Monte Carlo and just wanted a nice and relaxing place to have lunch. The environment is nice and cozy and they have a decent selection of breakfast/lunch items, at decent prices. My friend and i both ordered a sandwich, which were smaller portions but still tasted good. If you're really hungry, this might not be the best place to go since their portions are relatively smaller. It definitely doesn't meet the same standards as the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian, but if you're a resident at the Monte Carlo and just want a nice and chill place to hangout and fill up your stomach, this isn't a bad place to go =)
3	Went for brunch. It was OK :PHad a pastrami sandwich or something. It was just bread and meat and some kind of sauce. I like my sandwiches with different things inside. Since it was just meat... I got bored of it pretty quick. Sandwich was big so it was worth it if you're a meat lover and you like those kinds of sandwiches I guess.If I ordered something better it might have been a bit better. My friend got a tuna sandwich and she liked it. Others got some kind of southwest(?) sandwich and they liked it too. So they had a good experience with the food here :)So I guess it really depends. I liked the inside of the place too. Pretty big, lots of place to sit. BUT, long wait for our food. We went at 2:30 because we woke up very late and so no one was really here. But the wait for food was ridiculously long.
3	Went on a Saturday for lunch.  No wait.  Natasha ordered the pancakes.  You get 3 huge pancakes.  Sides not necessary.  I ordered the Benedict.  It was OK.  Decent prices for a hotel restaurent.  No extra charge for OJ in TF's iced tea.  Now about the service: the place was 1/2 empty and the service was still slow, slow slow.  And the server kept forgetting to refill my iced tea.  She was apologetic, however.
4	Three words: Carrot Cake Pancakes. I am a huge carrot cake fan, and I have never even heard of carrot cake pancakes. When I saw them on the menu I had to get them, and they were amazing.  There was this cream cheese glaze on them. Mmmmmmmmmm. My wife had an omelet which she said was really good too. I think this place is pretty damn good for what it is.
1	Very bad management! Had to wait in a long line because they didn't have enough menus. We had to share one menu. Also, completely understaffed. It took 30 minutes to just get my order placed. And another 30 minutes for the food to arrive.
4	I love this place.from the first time i ate here the food has always been amazing.the staff is great and amazing prices.i'll always eat at the monte carlo.
1	We walked right into the cafe because there was no line, but waited for almost an hour for our dinner. We were falling asleep at the table. Food was OK, but service sucks. Expect the long wait on the food.
2	Pro: open 24 hours a dayCon: $2 surcharge to get it "to go"Pro: open-minded staff deals with drunks in a gentle manner "Sir, settle down please. Sir...? Please." Con: Crabcake sandwich turned out to be two sliders... hardly what I was expecting for $14 ($12 + surcharge) plus a tip on top of that
3	Nice kind of quiet place just off the casino floor.  Our waitress here was nice, did well on timing her trips to our table and the food, though not cheap, was good.  My 2 eggs, harshbrowns, toast and bacon ran up to over $10 as a reference. With juice, it went up to the moderate pricing easily.   From the time the waitress took our order to the time we received it didn't take long at all and for a sit down place, we got in and out of here pretty quick.
3	Food - Got breakfast here, eggs, bacon, and toast. Pretty standard fare. Ambiance -tables, chairs, pretty simple. Service - Kinda slow, but nevertheless, friendly.Prices - $10 - $15 for breakfastParking - Monte Carlo parking, duh...
1	After look for a while, we decided to seat at the Monte Carlo Cafe, on the last Sunday night. I was taking some pictures of the casino and, for my surprise I was out of battery. So we decided to have a nice dinner while the battery charges at the restaurant. We entered the Cafe at Monte Carlo and the host was a little bit rude when I asked for a table instead of a boot. So, when we sit, I asked her to plug my battery charger on the wall and she denied it.  I asked why? ANd she said that she was not allowed, and that I should talk with the manager. So, while my girlfriend was choosing on the menu, I went to talk with the manager, hoping that it is not a problem only a position problem. Wrong me. The manager, being very rude use the excuse that she can't put it into a wall because of "fire issues" - I was almost buying that and coming back to my table, but the way that she said to me and offering no solution to my case, also, when I turn back to my table, the hostess said a very ironic "I told you".... Anyways, I know that they are selling food, not battery charges, but, the way that people received me was just wrong. I decided to frustrate my girlfriend and get up and choose other place. Leaving the restaurant we found a power outlet on the outside wall of the same Cafe. I plugged my batter in, wait for 15 minutes and had enough charge to take my pictures and find another restaurant, that plugged my battery again with a nice "No problem, let me take care of that".People were just rude, no sense of business and it feels just wrong.
4	I've eaten here about a hand full of times and each experience was very satisfying.  I always order the blacken chicken quesadilla.  It's served with guacamole and sour cream. Order a side of ranch if you want an even more powerful flavored quesadilla.I always keep this place in mind for late night eating..
3	$1.99 for Breakfast between the hours of 12am-5am..my first thought was:  I can have two!!I ordered The ultimate Hangover cure which included 2 eggs any style, Bacon, and Toast.  I also ordered pancakes, sausage, and hash browns... totally forgot the name (but check out the pictures). We got there at 4am after leaving Vanity at Hard Rock and it was definitely the best way to end the night.  I knew after eating this meal that I would not feel the effects of my alcohol intake during a full night of dancing and drinking.  The food was good.  I definitely cleaned both my plates.  The service and waiters were helpful. And there was no wait to sit, get our food, or wait too long for the check.  I honestly can't complain.
2	Don't eat here. The service is awful and the food is ok...if you want to get sick. We first came here for the $1.99 breakfast special from midnight to 5 AM. There was a cashier and a waitress in the front and many empty seats, but our party of 4 weren't seated in almost 10 minutes. That party then became 2 because it was ridiculous how slow they were moving. The food was okay but only $1.99 so you can't complain. Then the next night we ended up here for a group dinner because people were sick of the food court. The food looked okay and tasted okay at the table. When we all went out separate ways after dinner and met up back in our hotel rooms, multiple people were sick. I didn't come back for the regular breakfast on our check-out day, but people said the food and service was fine, although overpriced. I'm glad I went to Starbucks.
3	If you are in need of a meal & it's after midnight but before 5am, this is an alright place to go.  The cheapest stuff at that hour are breakfast items & it's to be expected...  Order anything beyond the breakfast specials, literally, and you will pay through the nose.  Re-fills for coffee & soda aren't free here but not sure if it was because of the breakfast specials going on or if they are just *THAT* damn expensive.  If I go back again & try dinner or lunch, I may revise judgment but as it stands this was barely a notch above Denny's for late night eats...  Unfortunately they were understaffed when we were there, so it took a millennium for our order to be taken & given to us too.
2	Food is adequate, but overpriced, servings are measley, and service is on the slow side. I had the Grilled Steak Salad ($12), which was good, and a decent amount of steak cooked properly, but not enough greens. It looked a little puny and sad when it arrived.  My friend ordered the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast ($13), and she did not care for the gravy, which was too pastey (i.e., old).  Her serving was also small ... The eggs, hashbrowns, and chicken fried steak didn't even fill the plate.  For the prices charged, the value is just not there.I worked at the Monte Carlo 5 years ago and the food in The Cafe was better in those days. The MC is a beautiful property, but I will stick to the Brew Pub on future visits.
5	$1.99 Breakfast....say what!  The cafe has a special for $1.99 breakfasts for late nighters...meaning right after you just danced your butt off....get in a cab and come down here for some yummy grub.  The food is pretty good, normal breakfast regulars, eggs, potatoes, pancakes..nothing crazy special...other than the price.  Just what you need after you paid for bottle service...something cheap!
3	Decent food at a fairly reasonable pricess (for vegas). Server was friendly and helpful
2	This place is just MEH for me. We came twice, but really only out of convenience. Both times were for breakfast so this review is based on that only. My boyfriend really wanted Eggs Benedict. They stop serving it at 11a and it was 1030a when we rushed out of our room to make it downstairs in time. Of course there was a line that looked never ending but surprisingly moved fast thanks to a big party up front making up most of the line. We were seated and the server came after a few minutes for our drink orders and since we already knew what we wanted we asked if we could put in our food orders at this time as well. Thank god we did because it took forever ever ever for our food to come. When it finally did, I saw the disappointment flush across my boyfriends face when he saw his pathetic excuse for Eggs Benedict. Well OK, it wasn't THAT bad looking but most Eggs Benedict lovers will agree that the sauce is what completes it, and there was definitely a lack there of. Eggs also looked a bit over-poached. Over poached, did I just make that up? I ordered a custom omelet and it was just whatever, not great but nothing to complain about...until I noticed the price we paid for it! Food is way overpriced here for what you get. It's supposed to be casual so why are we paying fine dining prices!? Alright, alright I'm exaggerating but seriously, if everything was at least 40% cheaper I would come again and again. I'm pretty sure this is where the menu for Room Service at the Monte Carlo comes from. Also don't forget to show your M-life card here because you get points for dining now too. You can have the meal charged to your room while eating in the restaurant as well.It's convenient for a late night/early morning because it's open 24hrs, but service is slow albeit friendly. Just don't come here for your Eggs Benedict fix and you should be OK.
2	I had a 2 for 1 entree deal at this place and ate here after seeing Frank Caliendo at the Monte Carlo and as Charles Barkley would say, this place is TERRBULL!!  I got the sauteed sea bass and it basically tasted like something you'd get in the frozen food isle.  My buddy got the shrimp scampi and it was like the packaged Lipton noodles tossed with a couple of shrimp.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is because the service was friendly and I got a salad with guacamole that was fresh and good but the entrees are pretty weak.  I'm glad I didnt pay full price for this place.
3	We visit Las Vegas 4-5 times per year for trips of 4-5 days.  Over the past 10 years, that amounts to an awful lot of breakfasts at the same place, so we must have liked it.  That was very true until our most recent visit.  They took many of our favorite items off the breakfast menu and are no longer serving lunch/dinner at breakfast hours.  Huge disappointment for us as my wife is not a breakfast fan and loved getting hot turkey or club sandwiches for breakfast.  One thing she could get by on was the italian omelet, which is now off the menu as well.  The only highlight now is the server we always request -  Shelley.  She's the best and we will miss her when we search for a new breakfast spot.
2	Honestly, I came here for a late dinner as a last resort, and you know what? The food was actually pretty good, and at an ok price. I had a cafe burger with "homemade" chili and my boyfriend ordered a turkey burger.Food deserved a 4star rating. My burger was delicious, though the chili didn't taste homemade. The turkey burger was a turkey burger, but the cranberry mayo was a nice touch. The service, however, deserved a 0star (if it were possible). Food came out hideously slow, and the place was pretty empty! Never asked if we wanted a refill for our sodas.. The waitress would look at our empty cups and keep walking. When it came time for us to get the check, all servers including hostess (which adds up to about 3 or 4 employees) blatantly ignored us. I was sitting with my back against the wall in my booth, staring right at them, and they would look and look away. My boyfriend finally had to get up and chase a worker down.So, 4+0. Averages to a 2star. Maybe room service next time.
1	This cafe is in the Monte Carlo Hotel. The food was cold and awful.  The waiter we had on Monday was the worst.  The waiter didn't show up for 10-15 min.  Took our order, brought our food and didn't return until he gave us the bill. I don't think we'll return to this screwed up restaurant.
1	The service sucked! We were there while on vacation and was by far the worst service!!  We got seated, but the waitress never came and so the manager actually took our order.  We finally got our food approx. 30 min. later (mind you we only ordered a burger and chicken sandwich). The food finally shows up and then good luck finding the waitress for the check. She was MIA! Again, we got up looking for someone to flag anyone down and no one was around. No cashier, no manager, no waitstaff. Also keep in mind there were very few people in the restaurant. Unbelievable.   As far as the food goes, it wasn't bad. I'd eat there again if they changed the management in there and got a whole new crew to pick up the pace.
1	Are you hungry?  Then don't come here!  I've read the other reviews that said this place had slow service...I decided to try it anyways.  I was hungry and thought it would be quick to make a to go order...wrong!The place was dead, only a few occupied tables.  So we ask if we could make an order to go, they tell us that we still have to be seated and there will be a $2 up charge, I'm like sure whatever, I'm fucking hungry!  We get seated, we never saw our fucking server!  30 minutes for a glass of water from the busboy, WTF?  We ended up going to Sbarro's and picking up a whole pie and some brews...that took 2 minutes.Don't bother with this place unless you have a lot of time to spare.  FUCKING TERRIBLE!!!
1	Turkey burger was as dry as the desert I was eating it in.  It sucked. And the fries it came with were room temp and chewy.  Chewy!? I didn't really expect much from the looks of the place to begin with but honestly, my meal was pretty awful.  My friends' quesedilla and chicken were actually good (though overpriced, like everything else on the menu).  Bottom line: Skip it.
4	*This review is for the breakfast only*I found this basic cafe in Vegas to be better than most. My family ate here both mornings we were in Vegas - we stayed at the Monte Carlo. The day we were planning to go hiking at Red Rocks, this cafe hit the spot and fueled us up for a day of hiking. The first morning that we ate here, my boyfriend ordered the RIDICULOUS banana split waffle. I've uploaded a picture for all you Yelpers to see. It's absolutely insane. My dad had an impressive smoked salmon platter both times, and my mom and I both had tasty omlettes. This place is pretty darn good. No frills, just good breakfast.
4	We stayed at the Aria and tried to find breakfast there after 11 AM...we couldn't find one. Since my wife wanted to play roulette at New York, New York, we looked around at the Monte Carlo and found The Cafe where they have some items for Breakfast All Day.My wife had the BLT and I had Waffles and Fried Chicken. This was the first time I tried it and was disappointed at the fried chicken because I was expecting to have the bone in. It was chicken nuggets in the shape of  wings. Other than that, the Belgian waffle was crisp and I still was able to enjoy the meal. Now I have a standard to compare other Fried Chicken and waffles.
4	I'm really surprised this place has such a low rating!We were giving a "2 for 1 entree" coupon, and decided to come find The Cafe in the Monte. We were staying at Vdara, so we needed some food options! Very clean, great menu choices. Our server was great. Fast/Nice - but down to business. I like them like that, not too friendly.I was torn between a lot of menu choices - but went with the Chicken Fried Steak + Scrambled Eggs + Toast + Hashbrowns! All for a price of 12.99. The steak & gravy was AMAZZZZINGGGGGG. I was very impressed. Husband ordered the Ham/Sausage/Cheddar omelette and it was good. We really enjoyed our meal here because we enjoy our time in the Monte. We decided that even if we didn't have the special deal, we would probably come back here!
3	similar to a cheesecake factory, with the spiral bound menu containing lots of adds and a variety of all sorts of food, brunch, lunch, pizza, burgers, and fancy entrees.huge servings, and decent food. bf got some pork chop dish that was a little overcooked/dry but most of us were happy with our dishes. price wasn't vegas/rip-off prices so it was nice to get a sit-down kinda restaurant without paying fancy-schmancy priceswe had a party of 9, but getting seated w/ no reservation was easy, though we were a handful for our server. she was a little flustered and we had to pester her about a couple of things but she did always get us whatever we needed eventually with a friendly attitude that made up for it. she was also pretty speedy and accomodating cuz we told her we had to make it to the jabbawockeez show, definitely earned her default large group gratuityjust an ok place, nothing special to go here for, but nothing wrong that'd make me avoid it
4	This was a last minute choice for my friend and I. The food was good and the waiter was friendly if a little odd lol. I had poached eggs which were cooked perfectly and I am very picky about my eggs.
1	Horrible service here... Took forever just to have our drink order taken, and the place really wasn't busy. While we were sitting, we saw countless tables that hadn't been bused. Were they understaffed? I dunno...My southwestern egg white omelet was really not anything to write home about, but the hash browns were good. Friends ordered chicken and waffles, which was basically chicken tender strips and waffles that weren't even hot enough to melt butter. So disappointing, since this was almost our last meal in Vegas...
3	standard typical hotel cafe fare. nothing to write home about really. caution: the juice is $5.50/glass. you've been warned.
1	The worst restaurant I have eaten at in Vegas. Service was painfully slow, waitress was never in site.  Couldn't taste a hint of booze in my Bloody Mary.After an hour of waiting for my food, my chicken and waffles was served as Eggos and Chicken Fingers.  Luckily it isn't too expensive, but I expected much more from a Strip restaurant.  We were a party of nine, and they added 18% gratuity.  With a guaranteed tip the waitress had no motivation to give any sort of service.You'd never go if you didn't stay at Monte Carlo, but be sure to avoid it if you do.  I will give mad props to the lady working the cash register though.  She handled our split checks very quickly and with a smile.
3	Went here for two different breakfasts. Service was slow, but that seems to be the norm in Vegas.The breakfast food was decent. The Cajun Eggs Benedict was fantastic, but very small. The prices were average. I'd eat there again if I was staying at the Monte Carlo but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there for a meal.
3	Seating was fast, service was slow. Can;t really complain about the food, I had the Reuben sandwich and it was about what you would expect from a Reuben.
4	For a 24hour cafe I wasnt expecting greatness but it was good.  The portions are kind of small though for the price and for late night so if your super hungry dont come here.The menu was a small but good selection, kind of fancy food presentation for a late nite cafe. I had coupons that the checkin desk gave me so it made up for the expensive price.  The staff is excellent though.  They gave us a lot of pointers in some of the selections to be paired with wines but it was late night so i obviously dont care for wine.
3	Stayed at the Monte carlo for our 1 year anniversary and decided to eat at here because I have been here before and liked it.  My wife got the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon.  We both like them, fluffy and loaded with fresh blueberries in and on top.  I got the bagel and lox.  They put a twist on it, becuase it was deconstructed on the plate but looked appetizing.  I slice of a bagel chip came with it standing up, served with a whole toasted bagel too, and tomato jam.  The jam was awesome, great flavor.  Our waitress was really nice and checked in on us several times.  Neither of us could finish our food, portions are a good size.
3	We stopped in here to grab something quick on the way to Hoover Dam.  Not first choice but were meeting people so needed to make it quick.  Service was fine.  Had the breakfast burrito with chirizo which was fantastic!  I would give5 stars. the other half was even good later cold after sitting in my room!  bf had steak and eggs.  Said it was adequete.  I tasted and agreed.   A little pricey but all of Vegas seems to be that way.  I would go back again but only for the burrito based on the rest of the reviews.  Hashbrowns were good too.  Like Denny's but I like a Denny's hashbrown.   That is the only thing I like at Denny's.
1	Came here with a friend for breakfast. I ordered the southwestern omelet for $12.99. My friend had the spinach and feta omelet. My eggs had about 3 pieces of very tiny cut of chicken. I had to search for it. Pathetic to call this a southwestern omelet. My buddy inhaled his food so I think he likes it or he was just to sleep deprived to know the difference, Vegas SOP. 1 star since i can't rate a zero. Go somewhere else for food. Stay away from any restaurants at this casino.
2	Although the food was good, the service stunk! We had to flag down the manager to order our food and the place was practically empty. Dinner took way too long, only by good planning for bad service/traffic were we able to catch the show we had tickets for that evening.
1	The food was decent, but everything else was horrible.  They were extremely understaffed and it really showed. We waited in line for about 20 minutes, but there were lots of tables available.  When we were finally shown a table, we noticed at least 5 or 6 tables in our small section that still had dirty plates on them.  Also, we saw that the ledge along the edge of the room was full of dust and dirty particles.  It was so disgusting...I wondered what the kitchen was like.  Since the staff was understaffed, it took a very long time for the waitress to get our order and check. I don't recommend this place.
1	Hi, everyone First of all, the service is horrible in here.Nobody can speak English properly.Most of the workers are Indians and Asians between ages 45-65 year old grandmas.foods aren't good.It's just ok. I would rate them 0 for their nasty customer service.There is an Asian old grandma who is impolite and filthy-mouthed .We were waiting for someone to help us and she just came without saying hi .Just looked at me and said "come".Then , there was only one menu on the table and I asked for second one.She just stared at me and said first seat and I'm going to give it to you in a very bad way.Even my little brother noticed how bad she behaved.I just called another worker and told her that please let me know who is  the manager?I asked the Asian old grandma's name which was Chonita /chunita lol .Then I talked to manager and complained about her .My first and last experience in this restaurant was horrible and I will never come back again.I just put 0.00 tip for them .Because I didn't receive any good service in here.I felt like the manager was kind of scared of the workers and He can't control and manage them well.The worst restaurant at Monte Carlo.Let me add this that Chunita was very good with Asians and treated them differently.So , the workers are racist too.wow
2	Thought I would find a nice place to eat for lunch while passing through ... needless to say, I wasn't thrilled. The prices were quite high, at least for what I was expecting. I ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich. It didn't take them long to deliver it, but it came out incredibly soggy. Gross. But the fries? They were the highlight of the meal. Absolutely delicious. I
1	We saw the $6 happy hour food specials and decided to venture in. Sat down and about 10 minutes later, no one had even come over to greet us, let alone take our orders... We left and went somewhere better.
2	Like an Ihop or Denny's inside Monte Carlo, but not as good. Not expensive, but we should of went to the food court that was around the corner, better price and probably more appetizing.
4	Came here deciding we probably didn't have room to venture for their buffet and figured our dollar would go farther here. Basically, we got what we expected with diner food, although the service was pretty friendly which surprised us after the reviews here.We came here for breakfast, the last before we left Vegas, and got what we were looking for at a good price for a non-chain meal on the strip. We ordered The Whole Monte (a breakfast with a bit of everything) and the build your own omelet. The omelet was the star of the show with broccoli and mushrooms, offering something a little unique, while The Whole Monte was standard. We left filled and the service was quick and friendly (although they do try a bit too hard to push the M Life card here).Overall, if you are expecting food that is a little better than iHop and Denny's, the place is serviceable.
4	We stopped by for our breakfast before going home.  Felene was attentive despite her stating being busy.  There would have been a wait if we needed a table to accommodate a high chair so we opted for a booth, which we realized after being seated would more comfortably seat two, not 4.5.  The food was okay, nothing remarkable, except the housemade chicken and apple sausages...I am glad I ordered it as a side to the white chocolate brioche caramel french toast.  The french toast was a bit undercooked and gooey in the middle...the caramel sauce was nice...I could do without the white-chocolate shavings.  The bf ordered Cobb Salad, fresh salad, nothing remarkable.  My brother and his gf shared a side of biscuits and gravy along with the chicken and waffles...they used chicken strips instead of regular fried chicken.  This kitchen caters to room service, so food is decent and decent priced.  This was the last comp we used that the bf redeemed through My Las Vegas game so the meal came out to a bit over the amount on the comp ($50).  I left a nice tip for Felene on the credit card slip, but they never took it out which almost never happens...sorry Felene!
1	Came here late night, thought we could get slightly better than fast food meal. Huge mistake. Wasn't too crowded at 11 pm on a Saturday, but they literally only had one person working for the entire restaurant. Pretty excited to see they had a happy hour menu. Got 3 Neapolitan shakes and 2 pizzas. It was like 25% capacity, yet it took over an hour to get our food. Milk shakes came out, would think Neapolitan meant layered, instead it just chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry blended. I guess it was nice of them to save my stomach the trouble of mixing things up. When pizzas came out was expecting much but boy was I surprised. Tortilla with cheese and pepperoni is not a pizza! Could have made the same thing in 3 mins, not sure why it took an hour. Definitely coming back if I ever want crappy food served really slowly.
5	This review is all about Jan. We stopped here for dinner before seeing Blue Man, enticed by the $20 three course meal option. Our server Jan was attentive, nice, funny, and super fast - great service to begin with but even more impressive because she was the only one working while we were there, so she was buzzing around a number of tables. Our food came promptly and was excellent - fresh crab cakes, perfectly cooked steak with creamy mashed potatoes, and decent chocolate cake that no one had room for. The food was certainly better than typical casino fare, though it alone wouldn't get this rating to 5 stars. Jan was so awesome that anything less than 5 stars would be unfair.
2	Friday Happy hour menu:Steak and cheese - $ 6, decentNeopolitan milkshake - $4, decentGyro - $6, no more next timePanini - $6, okayService is slow, despite it being almost empty.Overall, it's okay if you are starving, hungover, drunk, or didn't think of other options.
3	Had breakfast here twice while staying at the Monte Carlo for the JCK jewelry show. The service is iffy - one waiter was great, the other not so much, and the food isn't super consistent (the poached eggs came out differently each time), but overall it's not a bad place. I had the Southwestern Omelet (which was very plain - no real distinct flavor) and the breakfast burrito (which was actually very filling, though a bit dry). I haven't had anything other than breakfast, so the lunch or dinner menus may be better. Still, it's definitely an option if  you're staying at the Monte Carlo and don't want to leave the hotel, bother with the buffet, or waste entirely too much money at another restaurant like 'Brand' steakhouse.
2	Not much of a fan of the Cafe.  I went here after the Blue Man Group, which I figured there would be less of a wait for food afterwards.  I came here thinking that there would be plenty of options for food at reasonable (for Vegas) prices, and there are quite a few options for dinner.  I had the grilled halibut along with a side salad for dinner, which was satisfying.  However, I felt that the service was slow and entitled.
4	I really liked it here. I came here before the Blue Man Group show at 7 pm. It was pretty empty when we went. It was nicely decorated and it seemed like there was only one waitress working for all the 10 tables. I ordered a BLT, my friend got the beef stroganof and my other friend got a turkey club sandwich. The stroganof was divine and you can't go wrong with a BLT. The turkey club was okay. I got the potato salad as a side and it was very tasty.I would definitely come here again, but Monte Carlo is at the end of the strip and it's so far! But really good and worth a try if you're staying near that area.
3	I overheard a manager telling the women behind us that they had just started using a new menu here. Based on the reviews so far, I'm going to assume this is a good thing. I don't know what was different, but the selections seemed to be much more modern and popular for today's eaters. Since I'd had a massive omelet the night before, I wasn't feeling like eggs. One of the new items was chicken & waffles, which is apparently a requirement for every breakfast place to serve now. Protein sounded good, and the women behind us raved about them to the manager, so I ordered them up. They offer up a nice presentation here. The four waffles are arranged just so on the plate, lightly dusted with powdered sugar. The chicken came in a small basket that looked like a mini fryer. Waffles are waffles are waffles, so nothing to see there. The chicken was surprisingly good - had a nice sweetness to it, which worked well with the crispy, fried coating. Tasted a bit too herb-y, like someone added too much rosemary or something. I'm guessing it was a mix of some sort. Still, it all tasted much better than I had been expecting.
4	We went here because a coupon I got from the MyVegas game on facebook.  Our server wasn't very good and even complained that she had so many tables and couldn't handle them, the cashier lady Caroline? or something to that sort was super friendly.  The prices were pretty good as were the portion sizes
2	Stopped in on a Wednesday morning for breakfast since we were guests in the Monte Carlo hotel.  We were seated instantly and there were only two other tables that were occupied in our section.  After being seated, we were never acknowledge or greeted by our server for about 10 minutes even though she and her assistant saw us. Not even offered a cup of coffee or water which I thought was very unusual for a coffee shop/cafe restaurant inside of a large hotel/casino. Our server finally came over and took our order which was a typical and simple breakfast order.  We waited and waited for our food all while our server came by a couple times to tell us it was almost done and to refill our coffee.  A runner finally brought our meal out and mine was wrong so he took it back to be corrected and returned it very fast.  The food was good but it was ice cold and after waiting so long for it there was no way I was going to send it back.  By now, our section had started to fill up and I noticed how fast other orders were being taken and food being served.  All I can say was that it was like the minute we sat down we were totally invisible to our server and everyone else that worked there. Again, the food was good (but cold) but the real problem here was the service. It was horrible and I won't be finding myself back in this restaurant if we return to the Monte Carlo again.   I also felt that it was a little on the expensive side for what you got.  Two typical eggs and meat meals, a side of oatmeal with coffee and with tip our bill was about $50.
1	Slow service, it's not efficient, food not amazing. Ain't nobody got time for that! Need to clean there chairs
4	We had a very hungover breakfast here. For $80. Yes, breakfast for $80. Not too much of a fan of the price tag. (as I drunkenly promised my friends I would pay for breakfast after hitting a jackpot) The food was good, my friends both had a mimosa each, and I had a bloody Mary. Bloody Marys here are good, but spicy. Our server seemed really busy at first, but then after a bit she was excellent.
2	I was lured in by a "late night happy hour" sign. Yes they did in fact have said happy hour, it was pretty small as were the portions. The food was so so, it tasted pretty much the same as buying a frozen Philly cheesesteak sandwich at Costco, warming it up and putting it on a plate with soggy fries. Food was served lukewarm at best. Service was decent, nothing over the top. Beer was 2 bucks I believe, and the meal was $5. So walking away with a beer, a meal and tip for 10 bucks total wasn't too bad. There is no doubt in my mind this place would get another star if I was wasted and really looking for something cheap and quick to eat.... But I wasn't.
2	We ate here two mornings in a row because it was the only restaurant in the hotel that served breakfast late in the morning (go figure, its Vegas, everyone gets up late). The workers were generally cordial, service was very slow and the prices were way too high for food that was average at best. A glass of Orange juice is $5.25. Now for a little story...the second morning my glass of Orange Juice was warm, so I asked for another glass that was cold.  The waitress told me she wasn't supposed to bring me another juice but offered me ice so I could make it cold (and watered down). I explained that my OJ was cold the morning before, so why couldn't I have it the same way today. She relented and brought me another one, but my goodness, I shouldn't have to fight for cold OJ when I'm paying almost as much as a cocktail for it!
5	Awesome service. ...Judy was excellent.   Came for a late night snack and wasn't disappointed in the selection they had.  The manager Robert took care of us and gave our first night in vegas an awesome start.  I'd definitely come back. They have a late night happy hour that is rare to find on the vegas strip.
4	I am a fan for the following reasons:1.) A good place for a hangover solution with no wait. I was with a party of 6 and there was no trouble in getting service. 2.) Good menu offereings: I purchased the 12 dollar corn beef hash which was nicely made--no canned corned beef and good portion to satisfy my hunger. Also helped me deal with the darn hangover. The hash and the meat portions were good--not overly meaty and not overly hashy. There's another corn beef hash on the menu that had extra hash on the side (I declined that option since I try not to consume too much carbs) I also go the espresso creme brulee which was SO GOOD. I will say the espresso flavor was on point but the actual custard itself wasn't as creamy as I would like. But it was good regardless! 3.) Full bar offering. Even though I was suffering from a hangover, I still took a grey goose shot like a champ! (I didn't buy this and it was still gross since I HATE Vodka) BUT I was able to chase it down with some tasty OJ. The Cafe is a much better offering than the typical fast food b-fast/brunch places. If you are staying or are around the Monte Carlo, this is definitely a nice and convenient alternative for dining. And for the noobs in Vegas, it might seem pricy, but seriously in comparision to other cafe like places on the strip, this place isn't too bad!
3	We decided to eat here before the Blue Man Group Show, and after having a great buffet experience at the same hotel next door to the cafe. The dining room is large at this cafe; however, only one section appeared to be open and the servers seemed to be far too busy and have far too many tables to provide good service.The service was rushed, and non-existent at times. The managers appeared to be helping with routine tasks such as beverage refills, taking checks, and clearing some tables.  We had ordered a 2 people for $30.00 meal.  To put it simply, the food was just ok.  I had fish and chips, which appeared good by visual inspection, but lacked any kind of flavor whatsoever.  The other person in my party ordered a pasta dish which could best be described as just ok.  Although the service and food may change in the future, we would probably choose another dining option before returning again.
1	Do not go here unless you absolutely have no other choice. Nothing good to say about the food or the service. Meh
1	There are only so many occasions you want to write a review about and this is not a nice one.I had salmon and it was dry. Really dry. Rice and veggies were very just stale. Overall I'd rate my dish as DO NOT EAT.My friends had:Friend A) tomato soup. Pretty good actually.Friend B) Caesar salad - the portion is quite big, but not tasty. Most of the salad was left untouched.Friend C) 3 shrimps. Not sure what is the  name of the dish, but there was literally 3 shrimps. The shrimps were ok, but there were only so many of them.There are so many nice places on the strip, please be mindful of this one.
4	Our server was awesome. She felt like a friend almost instantly. She answered every question I had without hesitation and then asked if I would be willing to trust her. She said the best breakfast item they have is not on the breakfast section of the menu. She said the salmon with a salad was the best at breakfast. After trying it I was hooked. I've had smoked salmon on my bagels but never thought of a nice hot plate of figs would go go for a breakfast meal. I've now ordered it every time I'm here for breakfast.
2	The food here was ok but nothing special. In my opinion everything is way overpriced but that seems to be the case with everything in Vegas. We had breakfast here one morning and paid a little more than we did for breakfast at the buffet. I would recommend skipping this place and going next door to the buffet unless you feel that you are above dishing out your own food. The breakfast choices aren't all that great here and there is nothing spectacular about the food.
1	another review for maybe a second chance to do good. i ordered the reuben sandwich for a late night craving. the meat was so thinly slices that the sandwich was just bland. best part of the meal, Susan. she was making sure that my meal was perfect but you can't blame her for the food being soso. total cost for the coffee and sandwich $19. are you kidding me.
3	Came here for lunch at around noon on a Sunday. My brother was in town for a conference so I decided to meet with him before my flight back home. Our server was SO good. I'll explain in a little bit. I wish I could recall her name! The food? Just okay. Let's recap!We sat down and had our drinks ordered right away by the hostess. Our waitress comes by next and greets us warmly. She looks down at my wrist and notices a bright neon green hair tie. She comments with, "We're twins" because we were sporting the same hue.I was torn between the Fish & Chips and Turkey sammy. Our waitress explains them both to aid the decision making process. I ended up ordering the Open Face Turkey Sandwich with gravy on the side. My brother orders Eggs Benedict. Our food came out promptly as the bro and I were in some deep conversation. The waitress explains that she didn't bring out my brother's eggs because they weren't cooked correctly. I guess the chef cooked them over hard and so she made the executive decision to have them re-made. Never seen that happen before in my life. She was really on par.My turkey was dry *as expected* but the gravy made it more tasty. I loved the cranberry compote. All in all... My glass was never left empty and the food was priced appropriately for the portion and quality. For an average hotel cafe, it's not bad.
5	Happen to stop by decided to try the $29.99 deal and have to say everything we had  was awesome , no complaints here. Have the burger a heart attack but totally worth it
2	Overall, the Cafe at Monte Carlo is an underwhelming establishment. I came by for an intended quick breakfast only to find the service slow despite the restaurant a little under half full.I had a full carafe of coffee, decently priced at just $3, though the coffee was mediocre at best. For my main entree, I chose the Southwest skillet. The presentation was great, which made the actual taste of the food disappointing. The bacon was way too crispy and burnt and the potatoes were very near inedible.
4	Came here for dinner and got to say for a Cafe style restaurant this one was one of the better ones I've ate at. The server, sorry forgot his name, was Great and the food was just as Good. I had the Bourbon BBQ Burger and my date had The Cafe Burger. The french fries came in a nice silver metal container and the sauces were on a plate where we could had as much or as less ourselves. The atmosphere was nice and quiet with the lighting just right. We both enjoyed our meals and would recommend this Cafe to just about anybody.
1	I came here with my boyfriend on the last day of our trip.  I wanted an omelet badly and figured this place would probably serve up some delicious ones.  Right? Wrong.  I ordered the Build Your Own omelet and the omelet itself looked like fake eggs.  They were too bright of a yellow, too thick and uniform and not fluffy at all.  I had asked for cheddar cheese, onions and ham to be added into mine.  The cheddar cheese was NOT inside the omelet but simply placed on top and half-assed melted.  You could tell it was the kind of cheese that comes in pre-packaged slices *barf*.  The omelet had waaaay too many onions and just all in all tasted like gross, straight-from-the-freezer food.  Along with my breakfast, I had also ordered breakfast potatoes which tasted all wrong, as well as my boyfriend's.  The only thing that tasted fine was the toast, which is a little sad.  Our waitress was nice but non-existent and we never got drink refills.  She also put down the ticket to pay while I was still trying to eat, which is really crappy server etiquette.  Our bill came out to be $40 bucks, which was extremely overpriced for the crap we got.
2	We decided to try this place because we were staying at Monte Carlo and got discount tickets from Tix4Tonight. (50% off main entree) Food wasn't great. I got spaghetti and it was soggy, but the portion was huge. Our waiter was friendly though. I wouldn't come here if I don't have a discount ticket.
3	I've eaten here more times than I'd ever care to, except that for some reason many people I know stay at Monte Carlo when in Vegas. For that reason, I wind up here for breakfast or lunch sometimes and it's nothing I'm either excited or upset about. The restaurant itself is a pretty cookie cutter casino cafe but the seating is comfortable and not grouped too closely together, which is nice when you're toting luggage around. The service is absolutely nothing to write home about. In fact I've found the waitresses a little bit snarky at times. When my grandmother asked if the food was almost ready the waitress replied, "I just told you, it'll be out shortly." OK, the woman's a little hard of hearing. No need to get annoyed with her. I can only vouch for breakfast but the food is actually pretty good. I like building my own egg white omelet and love the marble rye bread. Everything costs an arm and a leg, though, and just to sub potatoes for fruit is an extra $2. If you're in the Monte Carlo and looking for a close and convenient breakfast, this is the right place. I'd never come out of my way to eat here, though, when there are cheaper restaurants with better service a short drive away.
3	The family and I were wondering around the strip and found ourselves inside the Monte Carlo (a first for us).  Starving we went into the Cafe for a bite to eat.  The bacon wrapped meatloaf kept jumping out at me on the menu so I ordered it.  The mashed potatoes were bland, meatloaf was greasy with a concoction of frozen peas and carrots just haphazardly tossed on top.  My wife's nachos were pretty good though and my daughters devoured their macaroni and cheese.  Price-wise it wasn't bad but I was disappointed by the bacon-wrapped meatloaf.
2	Server was very nice so I added one star to the minimum.  Ordered buttermilk fried chicken to take to my room.  To order to go, you must sit at table and order from server.  From my seat, I could see into kitchen.  I watched "chef" pull a piece of chicken out, cut it open, decide it wasn't done and put it back to cook more.  After a few minutes saw him go through the same routine, cut it open, decide it was cooked and threw it in to go container.  Brought it up to room.  It might have been good but thrown on top of mashed potatoes and gravy so it was soggy on outside and dried out on inside (from double cooking maybe?).    If you're selling buttermilk fried chicken, learn how to do it right.
3	Pretty standard for a casino cafe.  They have food, the service is good, and the prices aren't too crazy.  We stopped in for breakfast, ordered a variety of different dishes, and were all pretty satisfied with our food.  They were very helpful and understanding when we had a couple hangover-induced incidents (knocking over water glass, etc).Obviously, it's Vegas, so don't expect cheap meals.  I doubt I would eat here for any notable meal, but it was very convenient for a decent breakfast before heading out of town, and I would probably eat here again.
1	The food was mediocre at best. I would argue the food at IHOP or Denny's is probably better. Serving size was appropriate... A little skimpy on the gravy for my country fried steak and eggs, not that it would matter, or was pretty bland but it did help to moisten up the meat. A lot of my friends were complaining about their dishes. I tried my friends steak flavor gum. It was very stringy and rubbery, probably USDA select grade. Another friends salad was frozen... Frozen... Probably made too early and stuck back into the freezer to keep it "fresh." Now the service was the final nail in this coffin. We waited a very long time for water. About half an hour before we even met or waitress. And more waiting to place or order. Even longer to even get our food... At some point I was wondering if we were ever going to get fed and had to ask them to check on our orders. Granted we were a group of 14, it was the absolute neglect or acknowledgement that we were there that bothered us. They refilled our small glad of water a few times, barely refilled the coffee for people with coffee. It's like they felt they didn't have to do anything because they got us on the group gratuity so they didn't need to work for it anymore. When the orders were brought out wrong we tried to fix it among ourselves and the wise got angry and snapped at us. It was truly and unpleasant experience.
1	What can I say about this place? Let's say, this is where old people come to die because their service is soooo slow. I see nothing but old people eating here, and the place wasn't even full. I ordered an entree salad and the server asked me if I wanted it to arrive with my friend's entrees, I replied yes. 1 hour later, the food arrived. My salad came and it was freezer cold. My only guess is these idiots made my salad first, realized they made a mistake, so instead of tossing it, they placed my salad in the fridge/freezer to keep it cold. When I complained, one of the other waiters gave me a hard time (I couldn't find my waitress). I had to be firm and told them to remake it. Anyway, the food was still disgusting, just like my friend's food. Shut this place down, Monte Carlo. You can do better than this!
3	I've stayed at the Monte Carlo a couple times and found myself at this cafe a few times because the prices are decent (for Vegas) and the food is good enough. The service is consistently slow though. On a recent a visit, I went in for a late lunch (around 2:00) and was ignored for a good 10 minutes. Once my order was taken, everything went pretty quickly, but the place was empty. I should have been waited on right away!
1	What a rip-off!!!!  I know it's Vegas beaut this place is a total rip off.  The service was horrible, slow and rude. We actually left 0 tip.  The food was cold and way overpriced for what you got.  We ordered eggs bacon, French toast, pancakes and they were all bad.  I don't know how a Vegas Cafe can screw up easy breakfast food- but they did!Save your money!
1	Awful service!!!! Not just our waitress, other tables around were equally as frustrated with their waiters. The food was just ok. I got a wrap and the avocado was old. I do have to say the hash browns were very good! The prices were awful! Complete rip-off! Save your money and go somewhere else!
1	I wish I would've read the reviews. This place is over priced. The food is Dennys status. I will never come here again.
1	Truth be told I had food & beverage credit at the hotel and figured I'd use it at the cafe for brunch last saturday...I was with 2 friends and we each ordered 3 egg dishes from the menu. Nothing complicated, yet they managed to screw it up big time. After 45min of waiting pasiently we thought we'd ask our waiter what the hold up was for considering everyone around us were already being served..Indeed he said it would be out shortly.10min later we asked him to kindly bring over the manager who never came by. Another 10min passed and I was forced to bring over the manager myself who informed us that our order was originally mixed up and would be charged on the house. All in all they mixed up a few things even after making us wait over an hour for our order. I won't go back-even if it's for free. *If you order hash browns and prefer them to be cooked well ask them to make it CRISPY or else you'll end up with soggy potatoe strings-eEw.
4	Eggs were yummy with hash browns. Waffles were average.. Great and speedy service too!!! Very friendly waitresses. Satisfied!
