3	I'd always thought knishes were starchy piles, tough on the outside, doughy and potato-y on the inside and only to be eaten when thoroughly hung over. Today, I had my perspective broadened, thanks to Gleiberman's. Buttery potato, zucchini puree surrounded by toasty, light puff-pastry. Wow.This awesome little kosher enclave sits pretty far out off of Providence road, in the Providence Square shopping center. A diner-esque restaurant adjoins the store's space. A deli counter full of classics is to the left as you enter - egg salad, kugel, kosher meats, chopped liver (and today, a huge tray of zucchini-potato knishes. Yum). Aisles full of kosher products, canned, jarred, bagged, boxed. Things I had never seen nor heard of before. Rad.Fridge and freezers full-ish of kosher entrees, cheeses, tofutti, etc. Familiar brands like Tabatchnik and Ba Tampte but many, many others. Kosher wine. Shelves were a little bare- since I had stalked the place via their awesome webpage, I had expected to see more "bounty". Maybe Sunday was to blame.People were smiley to me as I wondered, poking and prodding various wares. The diner's menu, although not extremely veg-friendly, looks interesting enough. For Israeli imports and kosher products (there's a whole freezer full of weird, vegetarian "cutlets") this is the place. Hallah.Note: closed Saturday, open 'till 5 Mon-Thurs, late on Sunday.
4	Just down the road from Shalom park, Temple Israel and Temple Bethel in Providence Square Shopping Center.  Matzoh ball soup, yo!Oh and they are seriously kosher!  You're not gonna get any bacon or cheese on your corned beef here.  But it's oh-so-good anyway!
5	I couldn't find a good hot pastrami in charlotte until I came here, my dad's been a huge fan of this place ever since it was over on independence blvd. Everything is homemade on-site. Not that I'm jewish but he states he has very strict kosher standards. A great place, especially if your looking for a go to deli.
2	This place is located in a deserted shopping strip at the end of a dead end street, a cop car was parked in the far corner, watching over the area. I don't know how to describe it other than a Kosher mini-mart with a dreary dining room next to it. I don't get the impression that this deli is looking for new customers, the faithful know where to find it and that's good enough for them. We ordered at the cashier from a very limited menu - I think today was an off day due to a Jewish holiday.In order of arrival- coffee $2 each : bad and burnt both. - Chicken noodle soup w/ a Matzah ball $6 : A large ball in a small bowl, only left room for 1/2 cup of noodle soup, no chicken or carrots. Verdict was "tasty, what the doctor ordered".... but only 1/2 a cup Oy!-Gefilte fish : $5.50 got me 3 smallish but thick slices. Pretty good but not great, it needed way more fish - don't forget to ask for horseradish if you order it- "N.Y." pastrami and corned beef combo:  $13.50 for only 6 ounces! and served with just a HALF a pickle and chips!!  No coleslaw or potato salad either OK, the sandwich did taste great but come on! For that same price in Miami I get a sandwich twice as large, served with unlimited bowls of pickles (both sour and half sour) and coleslaw.  In a nice restaurant at a ten times more expensive location -not Kosher, so sue me.
