5	I have been here over 5 years and have zero complaints. The office staff is very personable, friendly, and go out their way to work with you thru any problems. The staff actually know your name, and even your dogs name. The Community is very well kept and maintained. The maintenance team is amazing. The response time is very quick, and they are beyond trustworthy, friendly and professional.  The cabinets and appliances are a little dated (90s) but clean, and in great condition. They are right against a mountain so sometimes u see cute little rabbits around the property at night. As far as scorpions, in my six years ive seen one, and after they came out and sprayed (at no cost to you), ive never seen another. I have nothing really negative to say about this community. Great place to live.
1	I lived in these apartments for 3 years. I had 3 floods in my apartment, one of them resulting in mushrooms growing in the carpet and a horrible cough that lasted months. Two times, I lost all my belongings in the storage unit that flooded. One time, I had to move out of my bedroom so they could tear the walls apart to get to the black mold. The plumbing was always an issue there. And the tap water was horrendous - it went from 200s on the zero water meter to 600s in Summer 2013. The kicker was that, I worked from home, was a private person, never mingled with folks or hung out, and yet someone was stalking me in the complex. They began carving into the paint on my car, keying it up and then carving in curse words. I called the cops twice. Management would do nothing about it or even give me a new space to park in. I had to park in the other complex and walk the long distance with tazer in hand. I would advise people to stay away from here. Management is HORRIBLE and it is the most ghetto bunch of people living in this complex in a neighborhood that should be classy. They would not give me safety nor would they pay for damages. Many times in the 3 years they had to shut water off for entire days because of issues with the main. Dealing with the person in charge is like asking the warden for leniency.  I am so thrilled to be away from there. I feel safe finally and well attended to.
1	Hi All,I don't want to detract anyone from living here but I have lived in these apartments now since December of 2010.  Needless to say, I am moving pronto.  For numerous reasons that I have outlined in this review.1.  Paying the high rent that we do, we should feel secure.  I agree with Sharon as the water is horrendous.  There is also a man who walks around "stalking" woman" and asking to come into his apartment to do "drugs".  My mother was staying and had a run in with this individual.  2.  I pay 70$ + for WATER.  This is not included in rent and I am hardly ever at home.  I use very little water and everytime I have asked why the rent is so high the leasing office says they pro rate it throughout the community.  Its not fair if you have 5 people living in one unit and are home all day running water constantly.  I cannot believe how much water is. 3.  If you are 2 days late you incure very hefty fines for being late.  So make sure you have that money to pay for rent days before the 1st.  On day 5, you will have a notice to evict. 4.  My Air conditioning went out in the summer months that were extrememly hot.  I was told to get a hotel room and they would reimburse me sometime.  I didn't trust that they would so I stayed with a friend.  After 3 days they finally got on the roof and looked at things and gave me a giant swamp cooler the size of the refrigerator in my living room.  It worked great and the air conditioning finally got fixed but it did take a while.  5.  Last but not least and most importantly...THE SCORPIONS are HORRENDOUS.  This community is on a land mine of them.  I have been stung, friends, family and THANK GOD my 7 yr old never was stung.  It does not feel good and they are everywhere.  I have them spray and have had some third party come out to spray and they still come in.  They drop out of the vents and it's not fun to have them drop on your head while standing in your kitchen out of the lights.  This problem has turned me into a completey scared individual and not that i'm moving i'm wondering how many scorpions are in boxes outside and that will transfered to my new place.  I can kill them very easily now and ALL of my neigbors have had them...CONTRARY to what the leasing office says.  Just stay away unless it doesn't bother you to get stung and watch where you're walking every night  get home.  All the sprays in the world, cats, dogs, etc. do not work.
3	I have lived here since 09 in two different apartments.  The first one by the park and the second by the desert preserve.  The bottom line is this, if you have kids you will want to live as close to the park as possible so the kids have a place to play and so you can keep an eye on them.  If you don't have kids the best place to live is in an apartment facing the preserve or if your patio faces the preserve that's even better.  These apartments tend to be a little more quiet.  Overall the office staff is very nice and helpful and the apartments are clean.  The biggest negative about the apartments is parking.  If you have guests or a second car there is simply no place to park unless you like walking.
