5	Whether you are a Kush enthusiast or don't know his work, and whether you are looking to buy or just looking to look, this gallery is fantastic.  I am a Kush collector, and always make a stop at the gallery when I am in town.  His work is only done justice in person, and so even pieces I am familiar with are so enjoyable to look at in person.  I get framing ideas when I am there for pieces I own, and the sales staff meets your needs perfectly based on your desired level of interaction.  If you do decide to purchase, the transacation process is painless and enjoyable.
5	Met Vladimir last weekend and he was exceptionally interesting and friendly.  Our sales person was Hannah and she was a delight.  We bought three prints for ourselves and one for a friend.  Wonderful art and great people!
5	BLEW MY FRIGGIN MIND AWAY !!!!! http://www.google.com/images?hl=en&source=imghp&biw=1676&bih=865&q=vladimir+kush&gbv=2&aq=2&aqi=g10&aql=&oq=vladimiHad a random stroll through the miracle mile shopping center... Whilst passing something got my attention and immediately walked in.... Didn't take me long to realize how lucky I am to have decided to go for that little walk... Vladimir's art is absolutely perfect, beautiful, imaculate and inspiring. So inspiring in fact that I've decided to get back into my art.. So inspiring that I'm thinking on going back to art school ! .... Whoooshhhh Honest though, being here reminded me of the butterflies of discovering Dali.... lol.... And Rock N Roll, but that's a whole different review? ***I don't even know how much the art was going for, but that didn't matter because even if I had tons and tons of cash to splash I'd buy the whole bloody thing. Amazing. Tellin you, you would too....So didn't buy any art, but ordered the book... Been inspired beyond words... I know I will go back and suck in those wonderful vibes and creativity every time I will be in Vegas Bloody Vegas.... PS/ I really think that he was there.... But could be wrong... Been too shy to check myself.... lol
1	I was visiting a Celebrity producer friend of mine in Las Vegas the week of January 27 2011 and we were searching for a unique gift for his business partner.  We went into Kush Fine Art and encountered a extremely rude sale woman sitting at a desk talking on the phone. We had already snapped a few pictures of some of the possible pieces we liked (to run by the other partners) and then... we asked about these very interesting chairs they had...Us - Hi, what do you know about these chairs? Rude Woman snapped: "they aren't for sale". Us - O.K., "do you know who made them?" Rude woman replies "they are very old, over a hundred years" Us - "oh, I said, so do you know who made them?"  Rude woman replies "no, they aren't for sale"  I asked again " so you don't know anything about these chairs? (as I raised my cell phone to snap a picture of one)"  RUDE WOMAN REPLIES "can't you hear me? Do you speak english? No pictures, We want to sell the Art here! Well she didn't have to tell us again.  That last comment was heard loud and clear.  DEAR Vladimir Kush.  I'm glad that business is so good for your that you instruct your employee to tell customers to get lost instead of helping us and then taking the opportunity to point the conversation toward some of your pieces (which we actually were interested in and had some questions about) where we could have asked our questions and purchased an item. As for the Rude Sales Woman, "youngster, you better keep that job - because when the looks wear off, you have no class to guide you to or though anything better"As for the Art, well, no comment.
4	I've always been a fan of art just haven't had the time to work on my own or check out others. Big fan of the art work, nice and very creative.  Not so for the way they were showcased. Didn't have a gallery feel that i'm more accustomed to, not spacey and art wasn't spreaded out, a bit crammed. I really wished there was more notes at each picuture or a person there to help explain the artwork. They were probably busy selling one of the pieces. That's fine I am a fan of the artwork. I've thought about converting one of my rooms to studio for a while, maybe I will after coming here.
5	Amazing art. Vladimir Kush has a great way of taking creativity and just going with it. His pieces take a bit of time to study, but they are so detailed it's worth it.  We spent at least and hour and liked it so much we got my girlfriend's mother to come back and look with us. If you enjoy artwork and would like to see something with a new perspective, definitely take the time to check this gallery out.
5	Spellbinding is the word. Just make sure you keep this for last if you ever plan to go art gallery hopping in Vegas because I promise you, Kush's gallery will set the standard so high that most, if not all the other galleries will lose their spark.Think Salvador Dali, only less abstract and more though-provoking. Vladamir Kush makes use of 'metaphorical realism' to convey likeness between 2 very distinct objects/concepts. Examples include banana hammocks, ocean on a cliff, caterpillar bridges. You may be raising an eyebrow, wondering how on earth someone could pull that off. Well, perhaps a little scroll through google images under Vladimir Kush will give you an idea of what to expect. One of my favorite pieces is entitled 'Music in the woods' It's of utmost beauty and imagination that words don't give it justice. For the most part, you won't really need an interpreter to explain what the paintings are about (the curators are very friendly in case you need assistance), just a handful of time to think the symbolic associations through and when it hits you, you'll find yourself smiling with delight. I must've spent nearly an hour analyzing the pieces - they really make you think! - and there couldn't be anything better than art that challenges the mind. For your information, this isn't the only Kush gallery in town. Just a few resorts away, there's one at the Caesar's Palace forum shops. It's comparatively smaller but the artwork is nothing short of amazing just as it is here.
4	Visited this gallery with my wife. Saleswoman was very attentive and helped educate us on the artist and his works, history and the like. I wish more galleries were like this one.
4	Beautiful paintings. Must see for any age. Its a good location for window shopping.
