5	Old El Paso Tamales is easy to miss, located in a non-distinct strip mall off the beaten path in Mesa... and right now I feel like it's a well kept secret.The decor is basic and the menu is very short... they sell tamales, beef, chicken or pork (although I've heard rumors they do dessert tamales around Christmas and make other things as well). Currently the chicken tamales are my favorite as they have a green chili that gives them a little extra kick.It helps to call ahead to make sure the variety of tamale you want is currently available or you might get stuck waiting... but if you have to, the tamales are well worth the wait.These are the best tamales I've found in the valley.
5	Last time I was in for Tamales, I was told there would soon be a full menu! If the rest of what is offered is as tasty as the Tamales, this may be my new Mexican restaurant of choice. More updates to come after the full menu appears.
5	Love this place!  The masa in these tamales are delicious!  You can't go wrong with any you choose. The beef however, is my favorite!  The only complaint is that they only have one type of salsa and it's nuclear!!  Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.
5	So being of Hispanic origin & a true AZ Native, I would like to think I am somewhat of an authority on Tamales. Not really, but I know what I like & I have tried them all over town. I do believe that these really are the "Best Ever". I love the old standby pork tamales but I thought I would give the chicken and  the corn tamale a try. They both knocked it out of the park, although the Chicken one was" very" spicy, the blend of green chili, chicken & monterey jack cheese was a beautiful palatable combination. Then to cool things down I feasted on the corn tamale which was savory yet sweet,  I love that they did not sweeten the masa for this delectable treat as I was not looking for a dessert tamale. Kudos to the chef now perhaps they could work on the dining room a little. Never mind... I will probably just get my dozen to go anyways.
5	Absolutely delicious Mexican tamales!!  All 4 flavors were incredible.  Living in LA and at times Mexico, I know a good authentic tamale and this is definitely it.
5	Love the tamales here! The corn tamales and beef are my fav! The corn tamales are sweet and delicious. :)A dozen is 14 something including tax I believe. And the hours are only until 5 or 6 depending on the day I think, so make sure you get there in time to take a dozen home. And closed Mondays. I should post when I'm more awake so I could sound slightly more knowledgeable and prepared... :P
5	Saw this place while I was picking up pizza for my kids.  I didn't want pizza thought I would go in and give the tamales a try.  I haven't regretted that decision at all.  The chicken tamales are the BEST!  They are super spicy, the way I like.  The beef with red sauce is great too, not very spicy at all.  The masa in all the tamales is flavored wonderfully.  I am hooked on these tamales.
5	The tamales here are the best! I love the green chile chicken ones and usually have to get at least one every week. They are so good my boyfriend in Washington is having me send some up.
5	Tamales are my Kryptonite. If I find good tamales, I get weak and can't help myself.  I read the reviews and well, to be honest, IT WAS INCREDIBLE! I highly recommend this place. The owner told me that if Duncan Donuts only sells donuts, they only sell Tamales at Old El Paso and that is why they are so good. The masa is firm and smooth. The fillings are great. Besides beef, chicken, and pork, they also have a sweet corn and cheese and on request jalapeno and cheese and zucchini and cheese vegetarian. I want them all. When I told him that I read about this store on-line, let me try several of the tamales. EAT HERE! If you don't like tamales, eat here and you will!  GREAT! I can't say enough. Yelp should add another star so that I can give them 6!
5	These tamales are DELICIOUS!!!!!   Do yourself a favour and go here.  The website recommends calling first, which is a great idea.  Not only to find out if they have what you need available that day, but also to see if they're open.  They don't necessarily open right at 8 or 9, but the tamales are WELL worth it.Best tamales I've ever eaten.
4	We got some pork, beef, green corn and a chicken to go.  Definitely some of the best tamales I've ever had.  If they weren't so small, I would give them 5 stars.  Front counter person could be a little nicer too.   Very limited hours, but pretty close to my house, so I'm happy about that.  We will DEFINITELY be back.
4	These tamales are DAMB GOOD. It seems that the operators of Old El Paso Tamales are fully aware of that... The Tamales are, again.. delicious, and perfect in consistency, flavor, texture, temperature, and freshness, BUT.. they're about 1/2 the size of a standard Tamale and a little bit more expensive.. The place doesn't have a menu board.. it's just.. tamales! (i guess they make other things but.. I'm not sure they want you to know that. :) The Chicken was my favorite, but also the pork and beef are FAB.
5	These could be the best tamales I have ever eaten!Let me start off by saying this...  I grew up in Los Angeles and I found that great tamales are hard to come by.  Good tamales and mediocre tamales were much easier to find.  As I sat watching the crap on TV on turkey night, I thought back to the tamales I used to have to have in LA after thanksgiving night.  So I pulled out my trusty laptop and found Old El Paso.I made the 5 mile drive over there and could smell the tamales as soon as I opened the front door.There is no menu, but there were several dozen assorted tamales in steam racks I could see.  There were business cards beside the cash register that stated they had tamales, burritos and menudo, but as I said there is no menu.  The young lady that was working there was pleasant and very quick.  I had already called my order in, so I was just watching while she helped the lady in front of me.I quickly paid for my order and raced the 5 miles home, hoping that the tamales would still be hot when I arrived.  They were!The masa (my favorite part) was just the right consistency.  Not too moist, not too dry.  I pulled the husks back, careful not to drop any bits of masa.  Ummm the smell waifted all the way to my nose and I almost melted.  This was going to be good.I placed two on my plate, splashed a tad of salsa on them and took my first bite.Full of flavor, perfect texture, this tamale felt and tasted like it had been made by someones grandmother.  I felt as if I were back home again.Some people have complained that they were small in size, but for bought tamales, this is a good size.  I originally thought that the price was a bit steep, but considering the quality, I think they are worth it!
5	Last week I rated this place and now I wanted to add more to the review.I have just finished my last two tamales of the dozen I bought.  These were so good, they tasted as if they were made in someones kitchen at home and not in a business.  I have never eaten store bought tamales of this quality.  The masa was perfect and the meat was tender and flavorful while still being very lean.People have complained about the size of these tamales, but for not home made, these are a very good size.  I will be trying other styles next time I go (maybe tomorrow).
1	Based upon all the positive reviews (OBVIOUSLY RELATIVES!!) my son and I went in here... let me start by this is in a section of town that I would NEVER be caught in... absolutely NOT AFTER DARK!! One of the highest crime areas in Mesa!!  After we locked the car, we go into this place and it is a complete and utter RUN DOWN DUMP!!  We were the only ones there and this older hispanic man was running around with trays and bags and acting like a lunatic.  He NEVER ONCE even acknowledged us.  Finally after about 10 minutes I asked him if we could get some service and he RUDELY told me that he had orders of tamale dozens to get out and he didn't HAVE TIME!!  WHAT?? You have a restaurant establishment and you don't have time to wait on a customer that has driven to your place to buy your friggin' food??  I guess my look on my face startled him... and then he said if I wanted to wait he would be with me in a bit... then he immediately went into the back room and left us once again!I turned to my son is complete astonishment and I asked him if he wanted to wait and he replied that we had driven all the way over here... that we might as well.  So we had a seat and continued to watch this maniac run to the trays and trays of tamales out front and then go in the back... I watched this for another 20 minutes.  Then he disappeared for quite a while and by that time we had been there 45 minutes... CAN YOU IMAGINE WAITING 45 MINUTES FOR A FRIGGIN TAMALE??  He never did come back out and so we left TO NEVER COME BACK!!  Maybe your tamale's are good but to offer this kind of non-service with a DON'T CARE attitude.... is absolutely reprehensible.  YOU SHOULD BE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS!!  My first call is to the City of Mesa Health Department!!I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!
5	This place is the best!!!!  The green chili chicken are GREAT
4	Good taste very flavorful,  but the tamales are small for the fee at any cost I buy mine by the dozens.
5	These are definitely the best tamales I have ever eaten. LOVE this place! The green chili chicken and corn tamales are my favorites.
3	They're ok a little bit pricey and sometimes they seem undercooked but the green corn is excellent.
5	Great tamales!  But if you really want to taste a true Mexican burrito try their chile verde burrito, It is AMAZING!  Our office and all our staff loves this place! Check it out when you get a chance, its worth it.
3	This place is a toss up... Tamales are good the masa is very smooth and moist and different from a lot of places. It's a small place and not super clean but it's  no biggie since we usually get tamales to go. But I am only posting this in hopes that the owner does read their reviews. Their staff is in big need of evaluation. They are far from friendly, slow, unattentive and seriously need to learn to answer the phone.
5	The tamales are like I remember in Texas. It's funny, for Arizona being so hispanic heavy - the mexican food kinda falls short. But these tamales came through!!
5	Best tamales around, I will definitely be returning for more!
5	This is the BEST place to get tamales!!  I definitely recommend this place to everyone if you are looking for excellent taste, service and price.  I had the pork and the chicken but next time I will get a dozen of all three to try the beef.  GREAT job Old El Paso Tamales.
5	Excellent family run business. There's no place in Arizona where will you find tamales like these. Best masa that I've ever had in a restaurant. Truly handmade tamales. I've tried them all and none disappoint. If you need a quantity for a special event, order a day or two early.
5	We've been here several times... every time it's delicious! We've tried chicken, pork and beef tamales. My favorite are the pork tamales (they seem a little spicier than the beef) and my hubby's favorite are the chicken tamales. Plus, it's decently priced - as of August 2013, I can get a dozen for about $16.I will keep coming back.
5	AWESOME!!!!  The best tamales at a reasonable price!Great family run business.You must go!
5	Old El Paso Tamales is by far the best restaurant I have found in Mesa for menudo and tamales. As far as the service, It is a family run business and can be a tad slow. Patience is the key. Defiantly worth the wait!
4	Great tamales, middling service, good prices.  It's a win!
5	The owner Hector was very nice and personable . The pork tamales were my favorite. Beef we're also very good. Must try if your in Mesa.
5	Great little restaurant. Family owned - I think? Probably the best tamales I've had. I always try to support small and local. You won't be disappointed.
5	Born and raised in El Paso, currently living in Phoenix... Old El Paso Tamales is the place to go to get a taste of home. The tamales, burros and menudo are excellent! The service is welcoming and like home.
5	I work at the nearby high school, and I am glad I was told about this place. Friendly service, and incredible food. These tamales are amazing. The negative reviews on here about this place puzzle me... Owner is nice as can be, the good is incredible.
4	I have been coming here for a few years now and really like the tamales. I tell everyone I know about them and have taken them to work functions. My complaint is that over the last couple of years, the size of the tamale is getting smaller, the filling is less but the prices are going up. I understand economics, food prices are rising so the cost of your product goes up so you have to raise your price to continue to be profitable. But if you are going to do this do NOT lower the quality of your food. I still enjoy the flavor, just wish they didn't skimp on the filling.
5	I have been coming here for years.  I used to work at Banner up the street and it was a weekly lunch stop.  Good size, just the right heat, the tamales are soft and melt in your mouth quality.  The owner is awesome and always recognizes me.  The green japilino sauce is a must.  I am very sad I nolonger work close to here so ever time I am in the neighborhood I grab a few dozen and freeze them.  After the micro wave they taste like I am in the store. 5 star for all.
5	Mexican food is nonexistent where I'm from in Milan. This place was incredible! I can't wait to come again!
5	The best tamales EVER.  Today I tried the Green Chili burrito and it was so tasty.  I will be back for this burrito
1	Ive been coming here for a while but I just had the worst experience never going back, the tamales were under cooked it was disgusting
5	OMG!  My husband brought these home after work today.  They are delicious and I dare say the best tamales I've ever had.  My favorite is the green chile.  You will not be disappointed!
1	Based on all the positive reviews I had to try this place. Service was good but that was it!  7.95 for a half dozen tamales.  You get what you pay for!  They were dry and chicken was tooooo spicy.  A one time thing!!!  Tried beef, chicken and chili!
4	So close to my mom's. The green chilli ones were yummy abd just enough spice.   I will be back!
