3	Bon jour Canadia! I bet ya'll lurve it when us honky tonk Yankee suns-a-guns come on up there and look at yer neked lady's. Seriously though, you have some my-t fine gals up here. Your staff is not rude like they are in the States and I really have nothing else to say besides YAY TEETS!
4	I can assume that if you're on this page, you have an idea of what goes on up here... That being said, let's break down the good... the bad... and the sometimes ugly.Probably one of the main selling points is that it's pretty much the only massage joint open til 5am in the downtown area, which works great for those of you that like to shut down the clubs at 3am but keep the party going for a couple more hours.  Of course if you're looking to start your evening off on the right foot, they open up for business at 11am.Another plus side is the attractiveness of the women working here, where most of these places have 1-2 good-looking girls on each shift this place usually has 1-2 not-so-good-looking.  On a slow night you'll find 5-6 girls working, but on a busy weekend (especially if a Bruins game is in town) you'll easily have a dozen or so pulling the night shift.The staff (both support & the girls) have always been friendly, for years the guy running the front door had a foul mouthed parrot on his shoulder... some things in this city never cease to amaze me. The usual rundown hasn't changed in the 10+ years I've been here.  You enter off Ste-Catherine, there's 3 pretty lengthy flights of stairs you need to climb... if you're tall, watch your head on the 1st flight. I learned that one the hard way.  Luckily they had some Advil for me upstairs... anyway, you enter the reception area and are explained the goings on of the place.  Once you pay your "entrance fee" (it's been around $55/hour the last few times, and you should also expect to drop an additional $40-80 on the girl of your choice once you're in the room) you're then lead down a hallway to the waiting area and offered complimentary beers and/or water.  They'll tell you how many girls are working and if some aren't busy at the moment they will come out and introduce themselves to you.  The guys will push you to pick one right away (key to good business is high turn around), but if you want to wait til you meet all of them don't be afraid to do so... enjoy your free beer, watch some hockey on the TV and when you find the one you want go have a good time.
5	The fall moon sat high above Saint Catherine St. in the small morning hours when we embarked on a simple journey that would ultimately change our perception of this great city and the course of our lives. We were in town for a bachelor party, like so many others abroad in Quebec before us, and so many to follow. But this was like no other, for it had all the traditional ingredients: women, liquor, only thing missing was the groom himself-for he was what you might call an asshole and deserved neither the party which we were throwing him nor the woman whom he was to wed, but that's a tale for a different Yelp review-for now Dear Reader, you should know that us three weary travelers were tired, cold, sexually charged, and all we wanted was a quiet distraction for an hour of two. To find refuge from the elements and solace for our desires, we stood at the threshold of Studio Octopussy and contemplated, our trepidation justified by our fear of the unknown. We searched within the core of our beings, gathered the strempth to proceed, and with a flourish I pulled open the front door and we entered the foyer;  leaving only the pelting rain and our anxiety on the cold pavement outside. I would like to say that we ascended the stairs without pause; our hands steady and minds clear, but I would never lie to you. Our cohort climbed the flights with flutter in our souls and fire in our loins. We mumbled chants of encouragement and carefully stepped, approaching the clearly labeled door, we took a unified breath and opened the portal to where the essence of all erotic vision is possible-where nymphs that the common man has only heard in legend, and the sirens whose songs of all things carnal wale and moan with a melody that would tempt Beelzebub himself. Gathering all of our resolve, we entered the salon-bravery doesn't mean you aren't scared...it means you go anyway. Upon entry to this immaculately maintained palace of desire, an angelic voice behind us which almost seemed to come from somewhere within the walls bids us a humble welcome and we share the sentiment that her dulcet voice was not unfamiliar to us, that I had heard it before in a dream which I could not place, some power beyond that which science and reason could explain, I felt her voice had summoned me to this place centuries before in another plane of existence.  I turned and looking upon her my blood turned to rose water as her beauty was not of this world, her radiance terrifying, her aura called me to a world which was unfamiliar and from which I would never return. While my memory is fogged I will make best efforts to describe these happenings: our fellowship was intoxicated by beauty and thrill. Her buxom structure was designed to be the answer to the needs of the flesh and as she beckoned our group into an empty room, I heard every demon in Hells darkest depths laughing with the chilling cackles of depraved lust. The temptress explained the logistics of the dwelling in a room adorned with the finest drapery from all corners of the globe. Tasteful lighting bathed us in a cool amber while soothing tones pumped from a small radio. She asked if we would like to meet the ladies and then this daughter of all breathing men's fantasies left us to our lovedrunk confusion, dispatching her disarming minions into our realm of impurity. The initial angel may have meant to break our spirits but when she entered, our odyssey of sexual endeavor transfigured itself into reality. Her hair was dark and skin was tanned, her dark features were because she was spawned from the very gates of Hades herself: Lucifer had sent her for me, so as to get closer to his acquisition of my soul. She extended her hand and I promptly dug my fingers into the intercostal spaces of my ribs, removing my still-beating pink heart now devoid of all manly blood and gently placed it into her delicate palm, the softest which I have ever encountered. She accepted it with a polite smile and a wink. She knew she would see me later tonight and for years to come every night when the spirits of sleep overtook my consciousness. She exited and the next spectre of lust entered in her stead. Her dainty features and piercing eyes irradiated my friend's soul and he could feel her reading his thoughts; although she was only shaking his hand, he swore he could feel her firm grip on his sizable manhood as she smiled at him with a teasing glance that would make any king forfeit his throne. This may have continued for another six or 12 women, I'll never know as my feeble lovesick memory deceives me. The dark angels who feast on our sins were engorging themselves on our uninhibited yield to temptation. Our voluptuous hostess appeared in the doorway, palpable desire flooding the room. She smiled and in the slightest accent, with a hint of playful mockery, she whispered: "so what will it be?" I could only think to myself- Studio Octopussy has made this the best bachelor party that anyone never had.
