4	Awesome food and a big selection of Wine. The pizza ranks as "pretty good" for east coast standards, but "damn good" for Phoenix for sure. The house specialty is some kind of pasta-alfredo-chicken and a few other choice ingredient combo which is REALLY RICH and tastes great but sits pretty heavy. It's a nice place to go for dinner for 2 and not blow tons of cash (if you live way out there).
4	When I was a little girl, one of the few foods I just couldn't stomach was eggplant. My mom served in drenched in egg and fried in oil. Even as an adult, I just didn't see the point of the lowly vegetable. But Pesto's changed all that. The first time I tried their grilled eggplant pizza all I could think was, Eggplant-- where have you been all my life? Maybe if my mother had been Italian... Everything at Pesto's is made from scratch, from the pasta to the salad dressing. And he sophistication factor just went up with the recent addition of a wine bar.
4	I have gone here several times and have tried the pizza, subs and the calzones.  I have not had anything there that I did not like and the only reason I don't give this five stars is because everytime I am in there it seems a large group with lots of young kids has just sat down (or come to run around me while I try to eat) at the same time as my date and I.  I admit, I wish restaurants had sections for families so that those who do not like watching kids run around or spitting food out of their mouths on to the table could eat in peace, but that is just me and that is why I have dogs and not children.Anyway, this place has awesome food, good service and if you can handle large groups of families then I highly recommend you take the drive out here to give it a try.
5	I have My friend Tigearnan to thank for first introducing me to Pesto's.  Who knew it even existed with it's unassuming stripmall facade.   I was pleasantly surprised to meet Antonio, a superb bartender who makes you feel as if he invited you to his house for dinner and cocktails with 40 or so of his closest friends.  He mixes a mean martini and helps you make the best drink and eat choices to fit your mood.The lighting is right, the food fresh and tasty and the staff bring it all together for a delightful evening of socializing and or just eating.  I'm crazy for their house Pesto Pizza and  fabulous Greek Salad.  All this for a great price.It's a jewel in the East Valley you have to check it out.
4	yes I agree! Fellow NY-er here says this restaurant has some of the best NY pizza in town! They also catered my brother's rehearsal dinner and all the food was great. ( sausage and peppers- yummy!)Update-6/25/11 - Walked in last night to catch Steve Benson spinning the CD's and drawing caricatures-hello? Not missing that gig. Me- "Wow you remodeled the place"  LIz- the wonderful, superstar waitress- "Yeah, nine years ago" -hahahaahahah! PWEEWWT!!!! I guess I have been eating mostly take out or catering from them over the last few years. LOL! The place looks beautiful and the food is outstanding. The owner is from Smithtown, NY and I love her and this place. Manga!PS- Hello did I mention Steve Benson was there?- Again did I mention Steve Benson does first Friday's there? You can get a caricature done by none other than Steve Benson. Oops, I'm sorry did I mention Steve Benson is there once a month on Fridays Dj'-ing and drawing -(D and D-lol)  Being politically motivated/involved and an executive member of AEA I was in heaven! I love my teacher caricature! Check it out. Fun times!
5	I remember when this place was nothing more than a hole in the wall :) I went here a couple of months ago and WOW! What a change! The food is still delicious as ever, but they have really upgraded the place and it is a really nice restaraunt now. A great place to go for a first date.
5	I only got to this place once while I was in Arizona and really intended to go back--maybe next trip!.  They had really wonderful spaghetti with white clam sauce, an item I often try but rarely find as good as my home place in California--San Fillipo's in La Mesa.  My daughter got the calzones, which she had had here before and knew they were good.  I had a taste and while that is an item I never order, they were delicious!  The atmosphere here was very nice also and I was really glad we had chosen it.  It's one I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others.
4	Pesto's rocks the kazbah! It is a hot little spot in an armpit of a strip mall.  The wine bar is movin' and shakin' almost every night of the week. Forget, 98South, 56East, if you want to chat with a bunch of fun people about absolutely anything with a staff that is there to cater to your every wine desire, well, Pestos is great. The wine list is a treat to drink yourself through and should be on someone's - maybe mine - top 75 things to do list! As lovely as the wine list is, what truly is the cherry on this sweet slice are the bartenders. They are not shy about a generous pour, love a long chat about absolutely nothing and know absolutely everything about the wine they serve and love to share. What is not to like about this establishment....well, the food is just okay. Hey, its' Chandler. Wadda ya want? The pizza crust has  improved recently and well, the appetizers have never been anything to right home about.  Does the food detract, yes but just a little bit, hit the bar, serve yourself up a flight and turn to your neighbor and start chatting!
1	I use to go here once or twice a week when it was a hole-in-wall pizza joint and the owner worked there everyday.  Really good pie and service. It had a perfect pizza joint atmosphere too. Then they got really popular, expanded, hired more help, churched the the place up and raised the prices. I stopped going when I had two back to back experiences with bad food and bad service. The last time I went there was for a large pie and my bill was $40. Now?  Costco's pizza is better and a whole lot less expensive.
2	The pesto was lacking flavor. I was really hoping they would live up to their name, but highly disappointed. Their pasta was good though as well as their pie.
4	Over the last month, ordered pizza to go and dined in as well. I like this place. Nice decor, very nice cocktail bar, which is semi-separate from dining area.The pizza is terrific. Medium thin crust, excellent sauce. Dining in ordered a pesto calzone--superb. The sauce is simmered with Italian sausage, even though meatless, it produces a sublime flavor. Calzone is lighter than doughy versions elsewhere.Service was excellent.Recommended for solid Italian fare and pizza or a couple pops in the nice cocktail bar.
4	saturday night i had a craving for pesto pizza, so i decided to check this place out after a quick search on yelp. the place was situated in a nondescript strip mall on the northeast corner of ray and dobson. the restaurant was reasonably crowded, and the atmosphere was a little vacant. apparently they are in the middle of a remodel. we decided to sit at the bar due to the crowd and the cold feel to the rest of the restaurant. i ended up ordering the white pizza (with pesto) and a side salad with homemade italian dressing. the salad came out, and it was pretty tasty. my only complaints being that it was a little heavy on the dressing, and the bowl was like a plastic picnic bowl! strange.the pizza was amazing. the crust was not thick or thin and had a fabulous flavor. i loved the ricotta, and the pesto was superb. i just wish they had a been a little more liberal with the pesto. it was more of a drizzle.i would definitely return here, and i'm sure the decor will improve once the remodel is complete. if only it were a little closer to home, so i could stop by for takeout.
4	Family owned delicious pizzeria and wine bar. Get there early though, there's usually a small wait. The chicken pesto pasta, pizza, meatballs and Greek salad rock! Casual dining and good for a date or the whole family.
4	My wife and I have tried a lot of different pizza places in the valley area.  Everything seems to be thin crust and I just don't like that.  This is just standard pizza, but being here it makes it seem pretty thick.  The price is reasonable.  We had two calzones and mozzarella cheese bread and were very impressed by the flavor.  The size is decent compare to other restaurants.   The dining room is very loud. If you're hearing impaired, probably not a good idea to go during peak hours.  Overall decor is meh... The staff was very attentive to our table and was fairly informative regarding menu options.  Extensive wine selection will cost you significantly more although they have a selection of some reds and whites from $12-15 a bottle.  We managed to eat for 2 with an appetizer for ~35.
5	Ok my first review wasnt the best but since they've remodeled the place, i love it!Great neighborhood spot to go for a drink and a bite to eat. Their cheese plate appetizer is delicious and the pesto pizza is my favorite.
4	Decided to try a new place one Friday night. Remembered Pesto's from my High School days at Chandler High when we went there for lunch. Back then, it was a little hole in the wall and had a counter you walked up to to order. I was surprised because now the restaurant is contemporary and a sit down restaurant. The decor inside is gorgeous yet, the place is still small giving it an intimate feel. I loved the wine wall and the beading separating the bar from the actual restaurant. Anyhoo, my husband and I opted for the appetizer sampler plate which came with stuffed mushrooms, eggplant bruschetta, and fried ravioli. The mushrooms were ok (Ive had better, Haus Murphy's has the best!), the ravioli were great but I prefer mine with meat, and the eggplant bruschetta was pretty good though different from your standard bruschetta. I could have done without the kalamata olives which I think are a bit too salty.For our meals, I got the spaghetti and meatballs with extra meatball and my husband got the meat calzone with sausage and pepperoni. I loved the spaghetti and meatballs! The meatballs were flavorful, big and meaty, and soft the way a meatball should be. I probably didn't even need to get extra because they were huge but I am glad I did since they were so yummy. I never thought I would say this but they might be as good if not better than Rigatony's meatballs. The hub said his calzone was good but it didn't seem that fresh. The cheese was not oozing from it like it would with one that just came out of the oven. I am a total canoli connoisseur so I felt that it was my duty to try one at Pesto's. Boy am I glad I did because this was one of the best canoli's I think i have ever had! It had chocolate chips in it but what really kicked it up a notch was that it had salted pistachio's on it which gave it the sweet and salty effect. It was lovely! I probably should have gotten the mini canoli but I am kinda glad I got the big one. GO BIG OR GO HOME! Anyways, Pesto's was pretty good although the service was a little slow. I was surprised that there was no wait on a Friday night at 6 and there were still tables open. I hope this place doesn't go under cause where will I go to get a canoli fix??? WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!
5	Pesto's - where have you been all my life?!?!?!  It was my pick Saturday night for dinner, only to find out my hubby had been for lunch a couple years ago.  Boy, was he surprised!  Who knew such a cute wine/pizza/pasta place was inside?  The decor is gorgeous - and I loved the beaded curtain and high top tables!  As for food - I had the BEST Calzone (the Pesto) I've ever had!  It wasn't too cheesy and the sauce on top was perfect.  We also loved Pesto's take on the caprese, with greens added.  There were lots of options for wine too.    The hubby tried the pepperoni pizza and said it was "okay", but he's picky when it comes to pizza.Granted, we did go early but there were too many kids for my liking.  If you're looking for a more "adult" environment, I'd suggest sitting in the bar area.  As we were leaving, they were setting up some live music.  We'll definitely be back!!
3	Went to lunch with a coworker here this week. It was an overall very good experience. The food is a solid 3 stars (maybe even 3.5). The service, however, should get 4 or 5 stars. We were treated like royalty for no reason other than because they seem to treat all their customers that way. Gotta love that!The food - I'd eat here again, but I wouldn't rush to say, "OH! Let's go to Pesto's, they have the best _______!" It was really good cheese pizza, though a bit too oily for my taste (and my heart continues to belong to Grimaldi's and Cibo in the pizza department). My coworker had a small dinner salad and a pepperoni calzone. He seemed to enjoy his meal as well. I did notice they do wine tastings, and I might like to come back for something like that after work sometime.
5	After going to see Eat, Pray, Love, of course there was nothing I was craving more than authentic Italian food!!! I've been here before for lunch and dinner, so Pestos was the first place that popped into my head. This place apparently has been around for YEARS and I'm not surprised-their food is amazing! I ended up getting take-out rather than braving the bar solo (there's also a separate dining area) and ordered the linguini with white clam sauce (it was to die for!), mozzarella sticks with marinara, olives (not a huge fan of the sesame bread that comes with it), and OF COURSE a cannoli for dessert! The linguini was perfectly done and the clam sauce was amazing with just the right amount of clams. The mozzarella sticks were so-so, nothing special about them that I was thinking I should have gotten the stuffed mushrooms instead...these I KNOW are worth it...oh well, next time. The olives (an appetizer) were a delightful blend of 4 or so different types and it definitely hit the spot-I love olives!! They come with sesame bread, which I'm not really a fan of but I was craving carbs so I smothered some butter on it and was over it pretty fast. Now, I have NEVER had a cannoli as delicious as the ones I've gotten from Pesto's! Ever. These are absolutely melt-in-your-mouth amazing! From the chocolate chips inside to the crushed pistaccios outside sprinkled with a little powdered sugar and a fresh, crispy shell, your mouth will thank you!! Everyone that works here is absolutely amazing! It's a family business and their pride of ownership shows in everything they do. I've NEVER had bad service here and even when they're over-run with the high schoolers (note to self: don't go during Seton's lunch hour), their service has always been top-notch! I highly recommend checking them out-even if it is just for an amazing cannoli! =)
5	I don't get out to Chandler much. But a friend's bridal shower ended up being held here. From the food to the service, everything could not have gone smoother. I heard they had recently remodeled the place. Well...bravo! Everything is tastefully decorated. Looks like a great place to get your happy hour on. There was a beaded curtain that sort of separates the bar area from the dining area. But it's a metallic bead curtain so not at all hippie-like. I can't believe a place like this is inside a strip mall with a Safeway.The theme of the shower was wine and cocktails. The bartender--the owner's daughter--was super hospitable and personable. For our party, she demonstrated how to make four different cocktails. And the owner even went to the trouble of printing out the cocktail recipes on specially decorated paper. The owner is a lovely woman with a lovely personality. The owner is actually good friend's with the bride's mom. So, I don't know if the restaurant would do that for any party. But judging by how nice she was, I'm sure they would do something if asked and offered reasonable payment. And everyone was raving about the cocktails which were truly very good. My favorite was a chocolate martini. The bartender was skilled at taste as well as presentation. For the food, we had a yummy cheese plate which included a parmesan cheese with honey for dipping, a truffle flavored cheese and another cheese that came with a pesto dip. We also had some scrumptious stuffed mushrooms. And for pizza, we went with the pesto and Mediterranean (sun dried tomatoes, chicken and feta cheese). The pizzas were thin crust and piping hot. And the cheese in my opinion was melted to the right consistency. It took all my power not to shove down more pieces when not everybody had gotten some yet. I was happy with the food and level of service. I would definitely recommend to anyone. I only wished I lived closer so I could visit Pesto's on a week day.
5	A most unexpected gem! If you are a wine drinker, fabulous flights! Great selection! I can't say much more other than... AWESOME!
5	What a pleasant surprise this place was!  Great wine list, terrific food and a totally awesome contemporary decor. The ambiance and lighting were perfect, and the space created a very relaxed, modern vibe, which was not at all what I was expecting from the outside. It's in a strip mall in a Fry's lot and looks from the outside like an average mom and pop pizza joint, but it's totally chic and cool inside!!  My husband and I are pretty picky about our italian food and we liked everything that we ordered. I especially liked the eggplant parmesan sub I had, it was one of the best I've ever had. The wine flights are really great, you can choose 4 of your own picks or go with one of their themes. The pours are generous, you get what equals at least 2 full glasses when you order a flight. We will definitely be going back!
5	I was in town for a quick trip and needed a place to grab a late dinner.  From the Yelp description I only knew it was a pizza place with good reviews - I didn't realize the atmosphere was so chill and modern.  Pesto's is not just a little hole in the wall with white walls and pizza sauce stains by the floorboards.  Instead, it's a very nice spot to take a date, or to just belly up to the bar solo (as I did).Service was friendly and fast, and a good selection of alcohol (especially liquor) is on hand.Great atmosphere, friendly service, and delicious calzone. Drenched in sauce and absolutely delicious.
3	This place, in my opinion, is a bit overrated. I think part of the reason is because of it's location in Chandler, where there isn't much else.On a positive note, yes the decor is nice, with a laid back feel. As for the food, we chose a calzone that was smothered in marinara and the "Pasta Greek." The calzone was really good but the pasta dish was lacking flavor. The chicken in it was overcooked and tasteless and the one thing that stood out the most were the kalamata olives, which were delicious. And for the price of the pasta, I would've thought the portion was gonna be larger. Just saying.....this place serves Italian right? Then where's my leftovers? Derrr.I really wanted to try their pizza but I couldn't justify $16 for a 10" pizza when I've had what I KNOW to be awesome pizzas for less at places like Bianco and Cibo.Overall, a pretty decent experience, mostly I'm sure because of the company, but I probably won't go back just because of location and because I think they're trying too hard but don't quite deliver.
5	Love Pestos! Wonderful family owned business with exceptional service. The pizza crust and sauce are fantastic. The low carb special is a dieting girls dream come true. Great place for date night, or to gather with friends.
5	Bye
5	Awesomeness.  Went here for lunch to finally check the place out.  Great lunch deals!  Had a salad, slice of pizza and soft drink for 7.25,  delicious, great house Italian dressing and really good salad, pizza is up there in taste. I will be back!
5	The food, service, and atmosphere is fantastic here. I have never had anything I didn't like. YUMMMM
5	Favorite place for a relaxing drink of wine and some great food as well. Love the owners involvement with this place. They keep things fresh and updated. Friendly is an understatement. Service is 100% great menu to choose from. Everything I try I like. Big on their Greek salad and gotta hit that meat lovers pizza one in awhile
5	The white pizza with pesto is out of this world and the wine list is fantastic. Always great service, the waitstaff knows the wine list and makes great recommendations. We've been eating here regularly for 4 years and have never had a bad experience.  The takeout is equally as good, they never skimp on quality. Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Probably one of my new favorite places to eat and hang out!  I went there last weekend and sat at the bar, ordered a fantastic martini, amazing appetizers and super yummy pizza.  LOVE the "hole in the wall" feel but when you get in there you feel like you stepped into a different place.  It was recently remodeled so it has a swanky feel inside.  Couple that with truly tasty food and the nice staff, you got yourself a dynamo place to eat!
4	They did remodel about a year ago. Nothing major, just some table and booth changes. The bar area is the same and the food is great. I have enjoyed the pizza, calizones, and alfredo. There are numerous Italian places within 2 miles, and they have survived and done well.
4	I get a small pesto pizza and side salad- (and the cheesecake is always great too )- one of my all time fav meals. They are always nice at Pestos. It is a great neighborhood restaurant - and the wine bar is great too.
4	This place looks like it might be shabby from the outside, but when you walk in it's a legit wine bar! Their mozzarella sticks are REALLY good, seriously I have never had mozzarella sticks that good before. I've had the Eggplant Parmesan rolls (or something like that), Pasta Greek and of course the Chicken pasta with pesto/alfredo sauce which were all flavorful and delicious! Portions are very generous; I end up always having leftovers! Their house wines are actually not too shabby either. I don't think you'll be finding any Liberty Creek here! It's really good, but can be a bit pricey, so you'll definitely want to make it a once-in-a-while thing. Still, it's really damn good!
5	The food was great, went with me and my girl, and was blown away by the atmosphere, and style of the place. It's not over the top but it's not a hole in the wall, great place to take a first date and enjoy great food and a good environment , Alfredo Pizza was delicious, I highly recommend it to any pizza lover
5	I......LOVE.......PESTO'sSuch a cool vibe in the place. I cant help wanting to come here all the time. Great wine selection....and incredible food. I havent had anything bad on the menu. I am a huge fan of the place !!!!The lo-carb dish was the bomb and the salads are freekin perfect every time!!
5	Great service, great food, great atmosphere. I come here all of the time for happy hour (which is fantastic, by the way) and for dinner and/or drinks. The owners are super nice and seem to really care about their customers. It's a great place to be any day of the week as a casual hangout, nice dinner, or a sweet first date.
4	Pretty nice decor (although it was freezing cold inside this evening).  We had the Tex Mex pizza which was very good.  The food was a little overpriced, compared to most local pizza places, but it was better than most.  Probably my fifth or sixth favorite pizza place in town as of right now.
5	Great food and wine! We come here at least a few times a month.
4	The atmosphere is great here. They had a HUGE wine selection and a great menu. The food was tasty too. However, the waitress wasn't very attentive and the portions were tiny in comparison to the prices. I paid $35 for their low-carb option and 2 glasses of wine. Everyone else in our group loved their food as well. I think you could get a better bang for your buck elsewhere, though.
4	This place was our first food place on our trip across America. We shared a huge white pizza with sausage for dinner. It was pretty good. The ambiance was very relaxing and it looks like a great place to take a date.
4	Nice little wine bar.  I enjoyed a flight of whites and one of their specialty salads for lunch.  Pretty tasty.  The food won't win any culinary rewards, but it is good and the ingredients seem fresh. Minor niggle, they only seem to have high-top seating... when all I want to do is curl up in a booth and drink myself silly, this can be a problem.
4	Food is consistently good, and I really like the wine bar. Nice place to pop in for happy hour or a quick dinner. Very friendly and you can tell it's not a chain.Nice vibe, decent food-great place to take a date.
5	If you're looking for a super low key, quaint, Italian restaurant, this is SO your place. They have amazing food and their prices are pretty reasonable!
2	Interior very good and nice. Food.....not so much...Pizza was okay for a pesto cheese....was just okay...hand toss style. Had the the eggplant bruchetta was okay...fried ravioli not so much. Stuffed mushroom not so much.....it is an mature crowd. Yea dont feel it.
1	Alright, what am I reviewing here? I wish I was reviewing the decor, which is sleek and very cool. The service which was great, the wine which in this area is incomparable....but I'm not reviewing any of that, I'm reviewing the shrimp scampi pizza, and the linguini with white clam sauce, one of which gave me the rumblies in my tummy, which would not go away until I "moved" them out. So yes this review comes from the bowels of my hear...well no, just my bowels. You made them very unhappy. I give you 10 stars for the decor and the wine bar itself, but on the seafood, my bowels give you -9. Insert mad face here...the bowels, not me. It actually tasted pretty good going down.
1	This used to be a favorite place of mine. The service standards have gone downhill quite a bit. One example is I waited 10 minutes for a refill on iced tea, at the bar. The food is still outstanding, but I think I will take my hard earned money to Sal's Gilbert Pizza. You have truly let me down Pesto's.
5	What a great neighborhood Italian restaurant and wine bar.  We have been customers for more than 10 years.  Everything is homemade and the service is great.The pizza is tasty, but I recommend the house specialties, like eggplant parm, linguine w/ clam sauce and others...  The homemade house salad dressing and marinara is very authentic.Huge wine selection and cold beer!Stay away from the big chain restaurants and go to Pestos....you'll enjoy it.
4	I used to be a regular at this restaurant. The food is that good and the menu that varied! But then they went and redecorated, removing the booths, tables and chairs, replacing them with tall tables and high stools. The furniture is so uncomfortable I don't go here often, (although I do still order take out), which is too bad. Everything on the menu is delicious including the salads, pastas and pizza.
4	My partner and I had dinner here last night (10/12/12). We were very happy with the atmosphere/decor - the dim lighting helped set a romantic mood. The only seating options (for the most part) were high-top tables, which seems to deter parents from bringing their loud children. This made us very happy! High points for presentation of salads and pasta dishes. They were also delicious!! The pizza did leave a bit something to be desired. The toppings were decent, but it was more the crust that wasn't very good. It reminded us of those $1 Tostino's pizzas that we bought in college. We will go back again -  we'll just stay away from the pizza and stick with the pastas and salads.
4	Just like so may places in the Phoenix area that just look like another little restaurant in a strip mall this place is great. Great wine selection. Very nice menu of pastas, pizza and more. The service was quick. We both ordered a pasta. Mine was the baked Ziti and my daughters was a pesto based pasta. Both were excellent. Well worth the stop.
5	Fantastic food, great service, live music, locally owned. This is our favorite spot to dine for sure.
3	Good Pizza,Calzones nothing exceptional.Shopping center wine bar.
5	I was at this restaurant the first week opened - 19 years ago.  I still can't find the cannoli's Frank makes.  Pizza there is flavorful and New York style.  I Like the Italian dish choices for take out too.  I love the decor in the bar.
1	Never again.  terrible service, average pizza, ho hum wine list.  Took forever to get a glass of wine, never heard from the server after she dropped the pizza on the table.  AND the bill was unbelievably high for the quality of the food.  Server never asked us if we wanted another glass of wine or offered us dessert.  Don't go - There's nothing to like about this place.
5	Frank has been a client of ours for many years for haircuts, everytime he came in for a haircut he would always bring in one of his amazing pizzas. Because we could never get to his resturant we would also order our dinner to take home which by the way was his baked eggplant and by the way i hate eggplant but Franks way of makeing this amazing dish has left me ordering it for years. Since he  shaved his hair we have not seen him. When ever i want the best did i say the best food in town, i travel to chandler to pick it up and surprise my wife or she surprises me with the most amazing food that always is consistantly the best. Pestos is a 5 star restaurant, always recommed his place to all and continue to travel for the best eggplant in this town. That you Frank for always never dissapointing for the best. Ken Kelly Spa du Soleil
1	I am not one to complain about my food but my clam pasta dish was so salty when the waitress asked me how everything was I had to say something. She was very nice and offered me another dish but I declined. Then the owner came over and seemed pissed I complained about the food and then when she asked my wife why she did not want to take her calamari home she told her it was kinda bland but not to worry about it she got  even more pissed. Then the owner said "well I brought you a cannolli I hope it is not to salty or bland for you" and walked away. My wife and I where open mouthed, I will never return after being treated like that. If you do NOT want to hear how the food was from the customer then don't ask. I also think the owner was drinking and maybe that's why she was so mean. I run a business of my own and if I ever heard of one of my employees talking to a customer like that I would fire them on the spot.
4	I've only been here once so I don't have other experiences to compare it to, but I really like Pesto's. My ravioli was great, and the salad was amazing. They make their Italian dressing there, and it is just unbelievable. I am a Caesar girl, but this was fantastic. I was there for work so I couldn't drink, but the wine selection looked great. I would recommend this place for sure, and I will be stopping in again soon.
5	I have enjoyed two FABULOUS meals here!  Being new to Arizona, I feared that I would never find a wine bar up to snobby standards...  but I have!  Primarily they feature Italian wines (which are quite wonderful!), but also have a few interesting frenchies and, of course, West Coast wines.  I hope you go when they are serving Creme Brulee Donuts...  for the love...
4	Great for date night or lunch with the kids. The name says it all...anything with pesto is excellent.  Prices are reasonable especially for the quality.  We've been there 3 times now and will definitely go back.
4	4 1/2 Stars! Found this place by accident while on vacation in AZ! Walked in around 7:00 and there was hardly anyone in the joint, they squished two tables together and sat our party of 7 down.  Within half an hour later, there were people waiting outside to get a seat.Our waiter was great. The food was great! Had the chicken parm and do NOT forget to order the bacon wrapped dates!  I wouldn't bother with the stuffed mushrooms.  Try the sangria, cold and refreshing.I will definitely go back if I am in the area again.  I wish Napa had good and AFFORDABLE food!
4	It was our anniversary.  So I open up YELP and start looking for something different, something good.  I spotted this near our office.  Good reviews, never been here...let's go!The atmosphere is very nice.  A touch of class to it.  The menu was a simple over-sized heavy paper.  Lots of interesting dishes listed.  The waiter recommended a few, and we ended up going with two of his suggestions.  First was the ziti and chicken.  It came in a white sauce with pesto.  (A lot of their dishes have pesto, which may be why they named the restaurant "Pesto's"!)  It was very tasty, and the portion was quite reasonable.  Something different from a lot of Italian restaurants (and vastly better than most of the chains like Olive Garden).The other dish was their Italian burger.  It was BIG.  And surprisingly good.  Very nice seasoning and toppings.  Not an ordinary burger!  Our waiter was two for two.We had a very nice anniversary lunch.  I think it safe to say we'll be coming back.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants something different than typical Italian fare (though they did have a lasagna I was tempted to try...maybe next time!).
5	We absolutely love this restaurant!  From the outside it looks like nothing special.. but once you taste the food, it's outstanding!!!  Almost every weekend there is a new duck special and it is always delicious.  More recently we had the Italian burger and it was so fabulous, we're returning two days later to have it again.  Another favorite menu item is the prosciutto with melon salad.  Their wine is great too!  The chef is very talented.  So wonderful to go to a local family owned restaurant and eat what tastes like award winning food.  We have also, always had friendly helpful servers and the service is never slow.  We try to eat low carb, and even though it's Italian, it's easy to find low carb menu items.  This is our favorite local restaurant.
5	Hubby and I stopped  in today for a glass of wine and appetizers.,it had been a while since we had been here and I had forgotten that they had done extensive remodeling. Wow! The decor is beautiful and this is NOT your average wine bar. They have an Extensive wine list, probably more than 40 wines by the glass, and very good appetizers. We arrived around 2:30 on a Saturday, the bar area was beautiful, with just a few customers before the Sat rush comes in to listen to the Jazz band. We each had wine flights, great wines, and our server, Will, was very knowledgable about the wines as well as very attentive! He did a great job suggesting the wine flights and various appetizers!  Great overall experience and will be back soon!
5	I love Pestos! The owner Frank is a great guy and the food is awesome! I love the pesto Alfredo and the Alfredo pizza! Amazing Italian food and great service! Love this place!
5	Pesto's is awesome! pizza is really good. i always ask to please make a little extra crispy:) it's usually a little to doughy if i don't say something. love the atmosphere, it's usually pretty busy. great selection of wines, they have beer too. i like getting a pizza to go usually. but if i have time it's nice to sit down. i recommend.
5	Pestos is literally the BEST pizza you will ever have! It isn't greasy and all the ingredients are so fresh! We are regulars here and the staff is very friendly! It's a little pricey but worth it! Great happy hour specials too. I would definitely recommend!
2	I would like to say first that the place has good service and I know they are trying hard to create unique flavors in a strange location. Which is mildly being factored but, I have to be real and with giving a less than positive review I will give feedback that will improve it next time. According to YELP 3 stars means "Yah I am a fan" and I could not give them that 3I came here with a couple friends and let a non foodie friend suggest this place because it was his Bday and he heard from friends it was good... We ordered :$8 ish Sweet Potato Fries with Duck Confit- This was one of the things that I kinda liked even thought the duck was dry and was presented as an almost" pulled pork style" What really could of improved this would of been some type of dip of sauce to go with it. Something that might reflect a confit glaze with texture. $10 Bacon Dates- This is something that if you are going to serve Tapas style that you do right because it is standard on any Tapas menu. The bacon was soggy and falling off and the dates were really hardly stuffed. CRISPY BACON is is critical though for this dish. $12 Prosciutto and Melon- UGH it should been a red flag when they misspell it on the menu and when you ask the waiter all he can say is that people come here just for the dish but doesn't have any personal opinion. So on paper it sounds like an interesting dish and it could be possible delivered but, it is difficult to do. The dish here is served with bug chunk of melon of small prosciutto slices on top with Saba drizzled and feta scattered on the plate with a poached egg. All the ingredients I love but, if this was "Chopped" the judges would say that you just threw them all on the plate without really combining into flavor. The melon was too big and sweet with the minimal prosciutto and the saba/feta was more on the plate than on the dish while the egg just was hard to use for anything except by itself. How can you fix this??1. longer thinner melon slices turn it more into a vessel while being able to add the prosciutto as true layer of same size.2. I would try a qual egg which would fit perfectly3. then drizzle the saba directly with a sprinkle of feta and it is all on their like a great umami finger food. $9 or $10- Pork Belly Mac and Cheese- The worst thing here by far and this really can be categorized as BAD overall! Alfredo noodles, runny Alfredo Sauce, under fried pork belly and cheese on top then bake it BOOM Mac and cheese!! Oh man I can't believe this actually made it to a menu without some type of vetting. It really was not mac and cheese because all the cheese was a sauce on the bottom of part of the baked cheese on top. The pork belly was cut really small and was just fatty and mushy without any real crisping or frying. This idea is good but, actually put work into it! Make a sauce with the noodles already in it. $18 Alfredo Pizza- Sausage, Spinach, Sun dried tomatoes and Alfredo sauce- Super cheesy if you like think really creamy cheesy flavor which is super 1 note. Could use more spice but, this is exactly what you order is what you got. So, I can't say to change it however the crust is not very crispy and hard to eat with hands. I had to knife and fork it. So overall I am not saying don't go here, food choices in Chandler are fairly limited and I assume if you are really into wine you can ignore my review since this is food related. I am just saying the food needs major improvement and the prices are set for something much more high end than what you are getting.
4	The food is good.The wine is great.The service is meh.The ambiance is thumbs up for being in a shopping center.
5	Exceptional service, creative and delicious menu choices, a fantastic wine menu with very knowledgeable staff. This restaurant is one of our favorite places. It's the type of place where everyone knows your name and remembers you and your favorite meal and wine choices.
5	Awesome attention to detail.. servers actually shine the wine glases, and prime the beer glasses accordingly cold and clean.
5	Had the stuffed mushrooms for an app, so darn good i ordered seconds. Ordered ziti and grilled chicken for dinner, my fiance tasted it and finished it for me. So now I'm ordering seconds on the ziti to go.  Glad I live close to yet another place where the food is delicious.
3	I ordered the eggplant parmesan and it was sooooo salty that it was almost painful to eat. I'm not sure what went wrong, but it was definitely done wrong. It's been a long time since we've been here and I don't remember the eggplant being this bad the last time. I doubt we'll go here anytime soon for food, but the bar area is cozy and relaxing.
3	Expensive. I don't mind paying money when I get something that is far and above better tasting then any other restaurant. In this case the price point is off a bit. Don't get me wrong aesthetically this restaurant looks nice, but the food wasn't better than any other pizza joint. I wasn't feeling the high tables either. I usually prefer places with booths. That is more comfortable to me. Pestos only has stall tables. Most of them are the high tables that I find uncomfortable. If you are willing to pay more solely for being is a good environment than so be it. I'm not though. I will pay for good food, but nothing here tasted that amazing. The food was good so that's a plus. This place will remain successful because there are people that only want to eat in environments like this restaurant provides, but just know that is what you are paying more for.
5	I love this place!  great ambience, great food and great wine list.   More importantly, something I haven't found in abundance in the valley, excellent and friendly service.   check out thier daily happy hour!
5	This place has good pasta!  We heard about this place from our friends and checked it out with them this passed Thursday.  They have fried pickles and calamari.  We all love fried calamari, so we always like trying it out at new places.  The fried calamari is light and crispy.  Also, it's not salty compared to a lot of Italian places we've gone too. Hubby ordered a special that was offered at the time we dined in; it was a cheese ravioli with homemade pesto sauce.  I ordered their shrimp with linguine and their homemade tomato/marinara sauce.  All their sauces are homemade.  Both dishes we're really tasty and fresh, really delicious!Go check this place out if you like Italian food.  They have live music!  Good music.  But, the only complaint I have is: That night they had a live band playing and it was kinda loud for me.
5	Excellent calamari probably some of the best I've ever had. I had the garlic spinach calzone and it was great, although too much garlic for my taste. I found the service to be very on point in every way. Food came out quick and hot. Sangria was great too. I went during happy hour and was a little surprised at the prices but felt like the value justified the price.
4	Came here for the happy hour and they did not disappoint.  Ordered the bacon wrapped figs-tai wings- small pizza and meatball sliders.  So the figs and wings were fantastic and the pizza and sliders were pretty good. Service was so so ambiance gets a 10!
5	When I have guests in from out of town - this is where I take them. Exceptional Italian cuisine, a lovely atmosphere and a great staff. Could you ask for more? The owners come around to the tables and greet you to make sure you're enjoying your meal. They recommend wines and side dishes to complement what you've ordered and they're always spot on. I love this place. A really wonderful place carefully hidden in a strip mall that you wouldn't pay attention to if you didn't know about it. Treat yourself to something remarkable and get to Pesto's. I'll see you there!
4	Best burger in the city not like you really want to have a burger at an Italian place. Family owned so it has a nice atmosphere.
5	I LOVE Pestos and me and my family have been going there since 1994!!! Frank and Debi are top notch owners. You will never be disappointed by any of their food, wine, staff or decor. My favorite is the Pizza, my husband loves the Low Carb special and my kids love the salads and calzones. ANY choice you CANT go wrong!!!
2	Very cute decor, unfortunately that was our best experience during a recent happy hour. House wine was room temp (Chardonnay), calamari was reheated and still not warm enough, and pizza was not even close to home made. Granted it was happy hour, but far from a level worth returning for. Service was good, specifically from the bus staff. Owner spent plenty of time with the regular customers but never made an attempt to acknowledge our presence.
4	I give this place between 3-4 stars... 3 would be because of the service there... it's not the greatest but it's decent.I rounded my review up to 4 stars because of the alcohol selection. The bar has an impressive selection of both liquors and liqueurs that you don't often see at a typical bar. It is nice to see businesses making drinks other than standard margaritas and vodka/crans. Every single specialty drink I have ever ordered from here was smooth and tasty. They also have a pretty decent Scotch selection which is fairly priced as well. Furthermore, the pizza is good although pricey... the white pizza is delicious and the basil really stands out on it. The standard cheese pizza that you can order by the slice really lacks any kind of wow factor though. If you order pizza from here, you should definitely order a whole pizza and ditch the by the slice option completely. Overall very cool place. I'd recommend going on a Saturday night when they have live music.
5	I've eaten here many times over the past few months and I have always been amazed. With the addition of their new Chef comes a whole new experience you wouldn't expect from a 'pizza place'; but this is so much more. Every night they have a special menu available and prepared by the Chef himself. Having ate at all of the best restaurants in the Valley; I can tell you this Chef knows his stuff. The seafood he prepares is amazing and Debbie (The owner) always has some amazing wines available to pair perfectly with the dish. You'll find true Italian dishes and some amazing 'New American' offerings as well. The service and atmosphere are always relaxing yet, refined. If this place were in Scottsdale, I'd expect to pay 60-80 per dish; but it's not. So the prices for the quality of food you get are such an amazing deal. The staff is always willing to do whatever they can to accommodate you in anything that you want. If you're in the Chandler area, go try this place, it's well worth it!
3	The prices were a little high for what it is.  The pasta was good but a little bland, I got the linguine with white clam sauce.  The service was slow but in their defense,  it was a Saturday night and they apparently had just ran an article in the Arizona Republic.  I'd go again, but maybe just in the middle of the week in hopes it's not as busy.
4	This place looks a little plain from the outside but the interior is really nice, well decorated and very comfortable! They have an awesome wine selection and the food is really good! The eggplant appetizer was AWESOME. They have an extensive pizza menu as well as a lot of regular entrees.If you live in chandler, Mesa or tempe I would recommend giving it a try!
2	This was my third time at Pesto's. I think the last two were pre-Yelp because we couldn't remember it well. I know I liked it the first time and my food was cold the second time. This time was the deal breaker and unfortunately we won't be back. It seems like a cute little place to have. My husband and I got specials of the night.  I had meat he had pasta. The meat was weird. Weird meaning it reminded me of a piece of water logged meat. It was cooked how I ordered it medium rare but it was weird and I didn't like the flavor. His pasta was seafood based and they ran out of some of the seafood. He said it was bland and the shrimp were hard (over cooked). It's a bummer that it was a bomb.The service was pretty terrible too.  That was the final decision. Oh well.... Disappointed. I was so hungry and now my appetite is ruined for the night. Lame.
5	The very best Italian food in chandler! The bar is a great place too.The hostess, Vicki is exceptional in making new people feel welcome..... She is the best in the south valley. She must be an owner that cares about customers.We will be back. Maybe regulars.Kerry & Anne
5	We had a friend introduce us to Pesto's a couple weeks ago and have already been back. My husband claims the chicken parmesan is the best he's ever had!! I must admit my Ziti & Grilled Chicken was great the first time so I couldn't make myself order anything else the second time, not disappointed!! We'll have to bring friends along so we can try other dishes, the pizza looks great!Nice ambiance! Very cozy feeling, nice music on the weekends. Service is always great at this family run business. I would highly recommend for a dinner with friends or a romantic evening with your honey!
4	This place totally surprised me. The staff was warm and friendly and the food was both unique and very fresh. The  gnocchi was excellent. They even had a kids menu although they seem to cater more toward adults.
5	Went to hear the jazz being played live (thanks to jazz.kjzz.org) and ended up having a great meal too! Wonderful service. Although they were busy they found us seats right next to the band who were super smooth. Good selection of drinks. We shared a number if menu items and enjoyed everything. The kale salad was a surprising find especially for someone who doesn't normally eat kale!We'll be back
5	We have been here twice for dinner and have not had a single bad thing to say about their food or service. From the appetizer to the salad to the bread that comes with the entree, nothing has been less than perfect. The servers were attentive even on a busy night. Our water glasses were never half way empty. A must try if you're in the neighborhood!
5	I just love Pesto's.  The family owned establishment  has the best happy hour in town!  $5 wine, "bubbles" and appetizers!
4	Lovely family own restaurant. A true neighborhood gem.Awesome service and really comfortable.They have more high tops than regular tables so be aware if you go with kids our elder people.I tried the calamari, cauliflower, custom pizza, pineapple Canadian bacon pizza and the lasagna. Very solid and well presented dishes. Be aware, servings are big.Fit desert I had the chocolate lava cake with hazelnut ice cream. There was no hot chocolate filling :'( the I've cream was delicious though.Highly recommended and we'll be back and try other dishes (beet salad for sure).So the missing star is because there's room for improvement. Which for them will be really easy to do.Prices are fair.Cheers
5	I've lived here a long time and tried so many pizza places. This is the best I've had so far, by far! I will go back here from now on when I have the pizza craving. Great service, great pizza, and reasonable price.
2	While their happy hour is good ($5 wines by the glass) , and the food is passable, I was absolutely perplexed when they could not tell me the price of a bottle of a split of champange in their prominently displayed behind bar wine cooler. When I inquired with the manager he strangely acted like I was in his house saying "did you ever think that there may be a reason it's not on the menu? Maybe it's part of a personal collection!" It seemed odd, and completely devoid of any hospitality. I probably won't be back any time soon.
5	I love Pesto's and frequent here often! I love that its locally owned, quality food and has great decor.  Happy hour is a great deal too!  My favorite dish is the Eggplant Rollatini!  Chefs specials are amazing too.Twice the owner gave me a carnation on my way out.  Great family running this place!
5	I love Pesto's! It is a family owned and operated authentic Italian restaurant & wine bar. They have beautiful modern & open seating, a full bar, large tv screens to enjoy the game, elegant fish tanks, and wine racks with a variety of selections beautifully displayed. The atmosphere is comfortable yet sophisticated. The servers are considerate and passionate about the cuisine & spirits. Located right off the East side of Dobson road just north of Ray rd, in Chandler, this mom and pop shop proves Italy can be experienced in Arizona. From their handed down recipes to their 5 star chefs. I adore this beautiful place. I'll go back again and again. They have live music on Saturday nights and Holiday specials including Happy Hour on a regular basis. My absolute favorite dish would have to be their "Ziti with Chicken". It is amazing.
5	Amazing food and wine selection! Live jazz band on Saturday and awesome ambiance. With so many wine choices I selected a Wine Flight to try 4 different wines samples (2oz each)
5	I absolutely love this place, owners are personable & make you feel at home. Def. love the food MY FAV are the wings! highly recommend the atmosphere is chill.
