5	Eurotek Tuning is a 1 stop shop for all your import car needs. This company is great at what they do, have a nice professional environment.  I have sent many of my clients to Leo at Eurotek, and all they can say is WOW.  His work is beyond elite, and the pricing is very competitive. Highly recommend Eurotek Tuning to anyone who is looking for a high end service!
5	Leo over at Eurotek Tuning is the real deal for all your Euro+ needs. Great prices exceptional customer service, and a great professional environment will help you take your car to the next level weather your just starting out or you're already one of the elite. I had a 2011 VW GTI and I was on the forums looking for my first mod, everyone told me APR Stage 1 was the way to go. After finding Eurotek on the list of dealers for APR and seeing he was right here in Vegas, I knew I had to give him a call. Very friendly answering and all questions got me in next day, ever since then I tuned my 2009 Audi A4 got a ton if parts for the GTI after a couple of months I traded my GTI for a 2012 Golf R and its first stop was Eurotek Tuning. No better place in town for your automotive needs.
5	pros... well just wanted to get some new accessories for my little fiat.  so being here in the US, we don't have a lot of places to go to.  but this is one of the newer places that is getting more stuff for my car.  i got a short throw shifter adaptor.  so if you have manual geared car like mine, sometimes the gear lever travels a long distance to get into gear.  but if you get a short shifter adaptor, you will reduce the travel in that gear lever.  may not sound like much, but you can feel the difference when  you shift.well back to the store review.  this place is great, as they have an expanding assortment of fiat accessories.  and they are located in nevada, and do most of their business by mail. so that means no sales tax for me here in california.  i ordered, and got my stuff a day earlier than expected.  and i got some stickers.  and anybody that knows me knows that i love stickers and decals.  cons...wish they had more stuff, but i will give them more time to get more stuff.  i also wish we had a shop just like them here in San Diego.
5	If your looking for an honest mechanic this is the place.  I brought in a 2002 ford mustang that was purchased for my daughter  for Leo to check out.  He looked it over, found the issues and made the suggestions on what should be fixed. New shocks and brakes were recommended at a very fair price.  But the best part was the time and concern Leo took to explain what should be done and why.  Leo made me feel he was  sure it was safe enough for his own daughter.  I would recommend Eurotek   to everyone!
5	Leo has taken care of our car needs for years. We call him for everything even if it is just a recommendation. Leo always takes the time to answer our questions and helps us brainstorm the possibilities. It is hard to find an honest mechanic in Vegas that is willing to offer top customer service with it.   We recommend Leo to all our friends and even more importantly to our family members.
5	Another great find thru Yelp. I needed 55K service on my Audi and shopped around a bit. Unlike the dealers and many other shops, Leo informed me that not everything recommended by the "Calendar" to be replaced really needs to be replaced. He'll only replace things that are needed, which I thought was pretty cool. So I took a "chance" and brought it in for the service. Leo's very professional and personable too. He went over the things they'll be doing in details and got in touch with me for brake pads that really needed to be replaced. I didn't mention that to him before but I knew that was making some squealing sound so I knew he was telling the truth and did proper inspection. From his demeanor, I could tell I can trust him. He really doesn't try to upsell you on anything. He seemed genuine and took pride in his work. His shop use top quality products since it's a performance tuning shop, rather than a do-it-all, jack-of-all-trade, master-of-none shops out there. I really felt the difference in my car's performance afterwards. He definitely earned a loyal customer! Thx, Leo!
5	Great service, great price and quality workmanship.  Leo was quick to diagnose my A4's problem and got it back to me within a few hours.  I'll be back for sure!!
5	Leo is always very honest with the parts I'm looking at and has helped me buy only the stuff I need and does not try to sell me stuff that I dint need or parts that dint make more power.AAA+ great shop!
5	Great service, workmanship, and price. Leo was great helped me with all the questions I needee to have my coilovers installed on my 2009 cc. Definitely recommend
5	This is THE only place to go to for your European performance needs!!! Leo is just outstanding. From his knowledge to his enthusiasm, you will not find this type of service anywhere here in Vegas. He has transformed my Audi into a beast so far and we have just started. I will not venture to another shop ever because this place is like a second home. If you love your car like I do then do something about it. Eurotek Tuning has you covered! Add them and follow on Instagram @etektuning
5	Great shop! Quality work! Needed work done on my wife's car ASAP and these guys were able to get it done in no time! Will definitely use them in the future!
5	Leo is a superlative and reputable business owner. I have been bringing my s4 and fiances Mercedes to him for over a year. He runs his business with integrity and always uses quality parts on my cars. Not only has he performed common maintenance but he has modded my cars to my preference with superb outcomes. It's are to find a local business you can walk in nowadays and be treated like family. He will be up front and honest. Leo saved me over $1,400 of labor and parts that the local Mercedes dealership was telling me was needed on my fiances car. He inspected the car top to bottom only to find out nothing was needed and didn't charge me a dime since I was getting an oil change as well.THIS PLACE IS BAR NONE!
5	I had my VW diagnosed at Findlay Toyota and they said I needed to replace a part and it would cost 2500+. After finding Eurotek on Yelp I was so l grateful! Leo was able to clean the part which didn't need replacing and saved me $2300. I'll never take my car anywhere else!
5	Great experience dealing with Leo. My wife took our car to another shop to get an alignment and were told that we would need $900.00 of work just to be able to get the alignment done. We took our car to Eurotek for a second opinion. They looked over the car and got us set up with an alignment. Overall it was a great shop with friendly staff that takes pride in their work. They didn't try to sell my wife on work that was not needed.I would definitely return to Eurotek for any additional automotive needs.
5	A little late in coming; but, Leo was amazing.    He fixed my BMW in a day. What would have cost me $3000 at BMW cost me $1000 at Eurotek. Although I wish they used stickers for oil changes, I have to say job well done. Be sure to ask for an itemized bill. Leo...great job!!!  Just waiting on my screw for the radiator.
5	Where do I even start... I am an owner of a BMW M6First of all.. I am not  surprised to see a perfect 5 star rating for this shop which is actually almost impossible to see for an automotive shop. I have dealt with 2 other shops here in the valley. RG Motorworks and Franks European Services. Both are "Bmw Certified". My first experience with RG motorworks was terrible .Went in for a break fluid change to get the warning light off my car, my car came back with 2 MORE Warning lights.. They "accidently" reset the BRAKE sensors and couldnt get them to turn off... TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.. Franks took about 4 days to diagnose a problem I had with my throttle actuator, and dont even want to talk about the cost...Keep in mind both of these shops are "BMW CERTIFIED"  EUROTEK took ONE day to diagnose my problem..Anyways...I called Eurotek, I spoke to LEO.. It literally took me about 2 minutes into our conversation to feel confident to let them take my car and fix my problems. He was VERY knowledgeable. I literally went to the last shop I left my car at, picked it up and days later took it to Eurotek.. I took them breaks and rotors and he gave me a FLAT RATE to install them which price was really good. Unlike other shops, that make it seem like a break job is a 6 hour job. He also told me he will diagnose my car, find the problem, if I chose to get it repaired, the diagnostics fee will go towards the repair. Which you would think most shops do that, well they DON'T.The moment I dropped off my car I literally felt like what I have finally found the shop for my vehicle that I have been searching for for a long time, and I finally did! I finally felt RELIEF because my car had a million lights that came on.LEO is VERY Honest in his prices.. He will NOT rip you off.. He will NOT install anything that you will not need to put money is his pocket. Even though it is a business, speak with him, and you will see HE WILL DO HIS BEST TO HELP YOU. I will no longer shop around for any work that needs to be done on my vehicle because these prices and WORK CANNOT BE BEAT! I got my car back and the car has been running even better then when it was purchased! I AM MORE THAN SATISFIED with the outstanding customer service, prices, and work that was done and to finally find an HONEST SHOP.Dont look anywhere else. Speak with Leo and have your work done here and thank me later! :)
5	There are millions of German car owners all over the world, and I know for a fact that they're not as well taken care of as I am.  I'm writing this from Las Vegas, NV.  Repair shops are as prolific as Starbucks.So....why on Earth would I drive 15 miles out of my way just to have my 8 year old 328i  serviced by an independent Nevada shop when there's so many great and well reputed repair shops in California?Well.......Leo and his assistants built a relationship with me from the moment I walked in the door.  #1  It was based on rigorous honesty.  Example:When I brought my car in for an oil change, it needed practically nothing in the way of additional maintenance.  When I pressed Leo for what I could do to extend the service life of the car, he let me know about things that might be potential issues years  down the road (such a slightly cracking flex disc), but said he "could not in good conscience suggest that it be replaced prematurely"This has been consistent.  He tells me exactly what I need at the time, and is always mindful of my budget.  Honesty.  What a novelty these days.#2  Years of expertise.  Leo knows cars.  He's been there.  Done it.  Knows it.  Lives it.#3   Hard work.  Though Leo certainly could hire a larger team of people to assist him, thereby giving himself a rest, he insists on getting "under the hood of the car" himself to make sure that it's HIS hands and his people that are doing the work.  Kinda like the legendary dentist who actually does your cleaning.  Very rare.#4 Dedication.I suppose he enjoys what he's doing.  He's been doing it a long time.  He appears to love it.  That's a whole lot of difference between a man who does what he does well - and the service writer of the week at the corporate mega-dealer who's taken a few internet modules, and is only interested in making a buck before "getting off shift."Thanks for everything, Leo!  You're a credit to Nevada.
