4	This is a new shop that replaced the old Belmont Soda Shop. It has been beautifully remodeled by new owners. They are very friendly. They offer ice cream, shakes, malts, hand-stirred sodas, floats as well as sandwiches and hot dogs. We had a butter pecan ice cream cone and a chocolate malt (which was huge!) for about $8. It was really good. There's also old style glass sodas and classic candies for sale. The place is super cute, we're really glad to have this on Belmont's Main Street!Also, my understanding is that they restored the original soda taps and ice cream dipping cabinets from the 1950s. The building is from the very early 1900s and the shop has exposed brick and wood beams. They've maintained the vintage feel, it's worth checking out for that reason alone.
4	I am extremely thankful for the reopening and remodeling of my all-time favorite Belmont downtown childhood shops. Out is the overly abundant furnishings the previous owner have had and in with a more elegant modern but still classic feel to the place. When you walk in, go toward the back of the shop toward the end of the counter to order, you'll see the register and the menu will be to your left when you order.Their soda fountain is still intact, so they still offer orangeade, malts, milkshakes, and hand-stirred sodas of kinds. Ice cream is back! A shelf full of classic candies to choose from as well. The ice cream is delish! You get to choose between a regular cone, waffle cone or cup(which comes in glass cup). Some flavors we've tried were vanilla, chocolate, butter pecan, cookies & creme, and black cherry. The only bummer we've had was the orangeade, it was not freshly squeezed when the lady made it even though they have fresh oranges in eyesight. We watched her take a bottle of pre-squeezed orange juice I believe out of the cooler and simply add simple syrup(not the real sugar) and water to it. It was pretty sour. Other than that, take yourself and kids there if you're in the area and mood :) Staff is friendly.
5	This place is legit!  Screw Dairy Queen and any of the big guys, spend your money here and make sure these people are successful.
5	Perfect blend if nostalgia and all natural great tasting quality food. We enjoyed the Ham & Provolone and Club w/grape salad.  The sandwiches were excellent. The grape salad is a must try! YUM! I was pleasantly surprised to be able to get my fresh squeezed Orangeade without added sugar.Drinks were served in glasses and the food was served on Eco friendly plates.
