4	My Husband and I wanted to have a couple's massage.  I have 4 massage therapists in my immediate family so we really knew what we were looking for. The prices at Saffron were so excellent we thought we would give it a try. Although it was a little crowded in the room with 2 tables and 2 therapists, John and Joani worked together well. We had originally booked for an hour service - but it was so enjoyable we asked them both if they had enough time to change it to 90 minutes! My husband has had a kink in his hip for months and Joani really was able to get into the deep of it! Both our therapists were professional and very talented. I would highly recommend them without hesitation.  The facilities are small, but clean, and the rest room/shower area was nice (no mold or dirt etc.) - So, not fancy, but who cares. The desk staff was really nice too.
5	This was my second visit to Saffron. When I knew I was going to Vegas, I called ahead and booked again with John. I was so glad I did! The Thurs. before I had really hurt my neck and literally could not turn my head. Even two chiropractic adjustments did little to help. I was concerned that my vacation would be hampered by neck pain! Thank you John - within an hour of my massage, I was able to look over my shoulder! Wonderful!
5	This review is only for the massage service.I have been going to Soni since her days at massage pro and have followed her when she transferred here and took over the spa.  Soni is an EXCEPTIONAL masseuse.  She always does an excellent job of removing the knots and aches in my shoulders that I always feel so refresh after it.  She is very attentive in providing a top-notch service to her clients.  The one thing I really love with her is that her 60-mins massage are really meant to be 60-mins massage unlike some places out there where you spend 10-mins filling out paper work and you only have 50-mins worth of the actual massage.  Prices are very reasonable and really worth it.
5	Soni is one of the most skilled massage therapists I've been to. I consider myself a massage connoisseur and am quite picky, but have never been let down by her. Not only is she strong (no extra charge) but she is incredibly warm-hearted and stands firm in her belief that massage should be affordable and not just a once in awhile luxury (I think so too). You will not be disappointed!
5	My husband got me a wrap, facial and massage here for my birthday. Glad he did. They were very nice and welcoming and all the services were great!
5	I was in las Vegas recently and was in desperate need of a massage and facial, so I looked at all the casino spas. Saffron came up in my search results and was significantly cheaper than the hotel casinos, so I thought I'd give it a try. Don't be deceived by the outside and the route to get there - I was apprehensive driving on the way but as soon as I walked in it was wonderful. The treatments were brilliant, my massage was one of the best I've ever had and everyone was so sweet. I highly recommend this place to everyone - skip the hotel spas and go straight to saffron!
4	One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is hang out in the spa on a hot summer day as my skin thanks me for taking a day off from premature aging!  Don't get me wrong...many of the strip spas are to die for, but boy, are they expensive.  Because I visit so much, I've started to become more conscious of spending so much more money to stay or play on the strip.  Believe me, it still has its place in my heart - but, I've been hopping in my car and exploring more surrounding areas in the past year...and it has really been paying off.I found Saffron Day Spa on Yelp...and after reading the other reviews, I wanted to give it a try.  While the neighborhood and outside of the spa leave a little to be desired,  I was not disappointed in the least with trying this place out!  I got the Spa Sampler - a 30 min. massage, 35 min. facial (no extractions are included in this), a manicure and a pedicure for $135.  I'm pretty certain that's what the Bellagio would charge for the mani/pedi alone.  The massage was REALLY good - very relaxing and it felt longer than 30 minutes.  The manicure and pedicure were just delightful - I'm sure my talk with the aesthetician had something to do with that - and I left feeling like I got a lot of good pampering for a really good deal.  I can't say whether I'd go there with a bunch of girls because we have to all cram in my car or cab it, but they did say they get a lot of parties and that most of their business comes from people staying on the strip.  It's a great find and I'll be back!
4	I have been to this spa twice now. Once with my mom and aunt for a girls day out, we all got 90 min massages. The second time was with one of my besties from out of town, we got the spa package with 90 min massages and 30 min facials. Both experiences were good! The spa is small, but clean and the staff is very nice. They are accommodating on short notice and welcome new business. They offer typical small spa amenities: massage, facial, mani/ pedi and combo packages. Don't be put off by the location or the store front aesthetic, the inside is very clean, quiet and zen. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good spa experience with reasonable prices without all the fluff!
4	I was in town for my Bachelorette party and needed to get away and get a nice massage that wasn't going to break the bank. I found this great little gem through my searches and thought the price was great but was this going to be some crazy ghetto place? Now I showed up and it was clean and cute. Nothing too fancy but very relaxing and hospitable. But the best part was the best massage I have ever had with MICHELLE!!! She was so attentive and thorough and I left feeling as if most of my tension in my back had instantly left. It' s been over a month now and I still feel as though that massage really helped kneed out some over used areas.Bottom line: if your in Vegas and want a great massage without killing your wallet go see MICHELLE!
4	Found this place through spafinder and yelp. Gave it a try and was satisfied. My boyfriend and I got a massage, he got a 2 hr deep tissue. I got the mini getaway package which includes 1 hr swedish massage, 45 mintue facial and hand/foot scrub. It was awesome. There were some negatives but I enjoyed my spa day. Some things that bothered me was first during the massage the table was unbalanced and kept rocking, second the massauce kept leaving her massage oil on the cover in between my legs. At first I thought she forgot but throughout the massage she kept reapplying then placed it again. Third they have a ticking clock in the hall way that I could hear, "not very relaxing". During my facial I was satisfied. It was my first time and I loved it. My major complaint is that the facial room is right near the lobby/mani-pedi area. During the facial all I could hear is people talking during their mani/pedi or ppl at the reception area. Overall I liked the massage and facial, There were very good reviews for this place, I agree with them, I would return the next time I am in Vegas, although I suggest that they relocate to a bigger place where they can accomadate all services without noise.
5	Had a deep tissue massage today and it was amazing. Joan was my therapist and she was great. Place was clean and warming. The best part was the 60 minute deep tissue massage was only 59 dollars!!!! I will be back again :)
2	Nothing special. Nothing stood out as great or super fantastic.
5	Ahhhhmazing! My mom and I were given Spa Finder gift certificates for our birthdays and found this place through their website. We were a little skeptical given the location but do not be fooled! It might not have all the bells and whistles of your typical hotel spa but it It definitely beat the massage I had at the Four Seasons Santa Barbara. We had gone the end of July and have been back two times since. This last time I was assigned to a male masseuse which I wasn't too crazy about but I have to say that he gave me my best massage yet. Each time I went I had three different masseuses and they were all equally amazing. I am so glad I found this place and I will continue to treat myself. :)
4	We wanted a couples massage for this quick Vegas trip and could not bring myself to drop several hundred dollars on the Strip at one of the luxury hotels.  Definitely way off strip for this spot, but as noted in the other reviews, well worth the price of the massages.  The staff was very professional and friendly.  We'd go back for sure.  If you want a great massage at a very reasonable price, Saffron is the place to go.
2	I have been here twice with my BF for a couples massage. It was decent the first time, but we were disappointed this last time- not in the massages- but in the staff. Your walls are very thin...we could hear every word you said. Not cool
5	When I first pulled in front of the building I had my doubts.  But, luckily I was wrong.  Once you stepped in you will leave relaxed.  the ladies are all awesome!  I had a 90 minute hot stone massage with a top and toe special.  I felt amazing when I left.  I wish I could put them in my back pocket and take them home with me.  At least now I have a great little spot to go to in Vegas, which doesn't beat up my pocketbook.  They have great spa specials and there is something for everyone's budget!
5	Went to Saffron Day spa on a weekend trip to Vegas, absolutely loved it!! I got the mini getaway and it was an Amazing experience!! The staff was very friendly, and made me feel very comfortable. I will definitely be back!!
5	I found my new home! After 9 months of searching for a decent pedicure in Las Vegas, I found Saffron (via Yelp). Liliana (ask for her by name) gave me the most amazing pedicure of my life. I traded up for a "spa pedicure" and "callus remover", and then my feet looked so pretty, I needed to go for French pedicure. In total that was $55. Although it may seem a little steep compared to nail salons, you must NOT compare it to nail salons. It was almost 90 minutes of pure bliss! Worth the trip and ask for Liliana. Be sure to get the SPA PEDICURE for $40, the woman beside me had the regular pedicure (I think $30) and that was quick and not nearly as relaxing.ENJOY!!!!
1	Short story: We were staying on The Strip. Read positive reviews online for Saffron and took a chance. We had better odds at the casinos. After we made reservations at Saffron two days ahead, they called and cancelled 19 minutes before our reservation time! Saffron, apparently, was understaffed for the day. "Sorry for the inconvenience." Yeah right ....At that point we were three minutes away and fully expected our two 90-minute massages. They weren't going to happen because Saffron Day Spa didn't know how to run its business.If I could give zero stars, I would. Please, do yourself a favor and stay away. Otherwise you might get a sorry-we-don't-have-time-for-you call as you're walking in the door.
1	I wanted to like this place. I pulled up and was underwhelmed by the appearance of the outside but decided to give it a shot anyway. First, when I initially called and made an appointment they told me it was a $10 charge for gel polish. When I got there, they told me it was an extra $20 for gel polish. $20 extra dollars for some nail polish under a UV light? No. So I decided to get just the regular 30 minute manicure and 30 minute pedicure. My manicure lasted a measly 15 minutes. And the pedicure was the worst I have ever had. That is saying a lot considering I get pedicures every 2 weeks and have done so for the last 10 years. My toenails look like they were painted by my 3 year. Honestly, my two week old pedicure from before looked better than what I have on my nails right now. In addition to that, the pedicure chairs do not recline and do not have massage. Maybe fine normally, but I am 8 months pregnant and I had to sit uncomfortably for the duration of the pedicure because the chairs do not adjust at all. I came here because I had a Spa Finder gift card and my regular nail place doesn't accept them. Highly disappointed and now I have to go get my toes redone because they look like utter crap and I can't reach them myself.
4	I had spa week gift cards so we decided to get a massage while on holiday. I found this online with fairly good reviews so decided to give it a shot. Pretty good massage with reasonable prices but not as indulgent of an experience as other spas I've been to.
5	This review was drafted in 05/2012 but just posted a little over a year later; sorry, yelp didn't allow postings via iPhone. Seems that I am allowed to post on the iPad now.Review: I was able to get the wrap, massage and facial. The facial felt great but the best part was the massage :) this was a 60min session not 50min. The receptionist was very helpful and patient as I was asking for directions to get to the spa from the hotel.  It's also a great deal compared to the hotel's spa packages.  Will try to visit again!!!
5	Best pedicure in all of Vegas! Ask for Liliana and callus remover. Definitely get the 60 minute package! Relaxing and feels wonderful. It's my second time here and I will definitely be back again!
1	I was drawn here by the affordability of the spa but I should have went with my gut and walked out. They would have charged me for the services if I left, so I decided to stay. I do not recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a zen like experience-- this spa is NOT clean, the staff are less than professional, the walls are thin (you can hear the pizza shop next door) and more importantly, this spa is simply 'shady'. DO NOT BOOK any service here. I do not understand how anyone would give this more than 1 star -- they should have zero stars. I booked a full spa day -- 5 services and was highly disappointed. The swedish massage was just ok - nothing I would return for. The 'technique' used was different from most swedish massages I have had and was not as relaxing. More importantly the male therapist went too close to my lady parts that I could barely relax for the rest of the massage. The chocolate scrub and mask was not zen like, it felt cheap--- who wants to smell like chocolate at a spa. The facial was the most professional of all services and was the only experience I felt was legitimate. The manicure and pedicure was poor. My manicure had bubbles in it and by the next day, there were cracks. In addition, the nail technician was very unprofessional - very crude and made my experience very unpleasant. I opted to go without the blowout because it was clear the stylist had no clue what she was doing with a blow dryer. There was no customer service, no water offered, the decor is cheap, and the entire place is dirty. This is a poor excuse for a spa.I do not recommend this place to anyone, unless you are looking for a cheap place that offers less then mediocre 'spa' options.
5	Found this place on yelp and decided to try it for our upcoming Las Vegas trip.  When we arrived we were a little suspect of what it would be like based on the outer appearance  Upon entry we were greeted warmly and looking around we knew that the place had promise. We each had 2 hour massages booked, which are a bit longer than our normal appointments elsewhere.My massage was very good. The masseuse was very good.  I know some prefer quiet during massage but I tend to be a little chatty early on as part of the way I relax.  I see someone else noted in their review that it was loud when they went but neither of us had that experience so I can only assume it was a fluke situation. After our massages both of us were feeling very relaxed and loose and we were thrilled with the service that we received.  Reasonably priced for the service provided.  Next time I'll be getting the 3 hour!  I didn't know they offered it until we were there. Great place off the strip to go.
5	I was in Vegas this past weekend for my best friend's Bachelorette party and as Matron of Honor, she appointed me to find a day spa that isn't pricey so I've researched and called a few spas and Saffron was the only one that was communicative and was able to accommodate our party. As far as customer service, they're great! They respond very quickly via e-mail and I made like a million changes to our reservations and they were nice about it. I had to change services for the girls and had one cancellation the week of and a cancellation the day of our reservation and they were cool about it. Although you do have to pay $25 for any cancellations not made within 48 hours prior.As I've read from other reviews, definitely do not judge the place by the outside. When you walk in, it's very peaceful, clean, and nice for what it is. Don't expect anything like the hotel spas on the strip, especially with the sweet deal that you pay here for a massage. But if you're looking for a decent place that has reasonable prices and wonderful customer service then Saffron Day Spa is your place!I got a $54 one-hour Deep Tissue massage with Cinnamon (yes, that's her real name). She was so sweet and focused a lot on my upper back like I had requested. She knew what she was doing and the massage felt amazing! The hour went by so quickly. We were chatting it up for about 10 minutes then I was able to relax and enjoy my massage. The only thing was after the massage, my friends said that they could hear us talk. So that means the walls are pretty thin. But it didn't seem to bother them too much and they both loved their massages. Nice affordable Day Spa in Vegas!
3	The Hubs and I went to Vegas to celebrate my 30th, he wanted to pull out all the stops and indulge in spa treatments at the MGM Grand ($340 for a 90 minute massage) I started looking around online and found Saffron. We booked the couples 'delicious duet' and for a little over $400 had an excellent experience. The massages and facials were great (I think...I snored and was totally asleep for mine. This is actually a good thing, I have NEVER been so relaxed) and my husband really enjoyed his.The pedicures were pretty good, the gentleman that works there made a few questionable comments while exchanging light banter and was a little rough with the callus remover. Also the scalp massages listed in the price menu never happened. That would have been nice to receive. Over all very clean and professional, good staff and very accommodating and friendly.
2	I took my friend for a relaxing day at the spa, it was anything but that.. We chose the sampler package. You chose 4 different services we selected facials, mani/pedi and shampoo/blow dry. Frist, the spa is located in a store front in a run down dirty part of town, it was nice and clean inside. The staff was very friendly. The facial was ok it was like getting a super face wash. Second, The mani/pedi was  a different story the staff were either inexperienced or lazy the only thing they did was soak our feet in water and polish our nails. very disappointing.  Third, the young lady that shampooed and styled our hair was the only light at the end of very dark tunnel she was very good. It cost $250 without tip, so not worth it. A lot better places in Vegas than this!!!! My friend and I would not recommend this place!!! I was so embarrassed that I took her to Saffron Spa
4	I love this place. I'm from LA and when ever we are in town we go there. The massages are always great and relaxing. The ambiance isn't that great or else I would give it 5 stars but they have definitely cleaned it up since we were there before. It was cluttered. But the place itself is very clean. And the prices are very reasonable especially considering how good the masseuses are.
5	I spent 2 hrs yesterday getting a wonderful massage from Kristen.. I am a therapist and very rarely can close my eyes in a massage I over think the massage lol... I not only closed my eyes but actually mentally stopped.. I am a little sore today which I expected in my shoulders... After my massage I talked with the nice lady in the front I'm sorry I can't remember your name but you were friendly and very nice ... I also met Lee who is the owner and he gave me a little inside info and an extra lip balm for my girls lol ... They went out of the way to make me feel welcome ... I also ask about my girls having treatments and was told as long as I'm there they were welcome to get mani and pedi and little facials... Lee even does glitter tattoos with a service... This place is not Granda like the casino spas but my treatment in and out of the massage room was excellent and myself and my girls and my friends and their girls will be coming for spa days.... Thank you again for great service and an excellent massage!!!!!!!
2	I went with 4 other girls here for a massage.  3 of us had the spa samplers.  I chose the facial (extra $10), foot massage, hand/foot scrub, and scalp/shoulders massage.  The lady I had was super friendly, however, the facial was ok.   the foot massage was even worse.   Mostly, rubbing up and down my legs not much pressure at all on my tired feet.  My hair was so greasy after the scalp massage because of the massage oil that I had to wash my hair before leaving salon.  Overall, price is too good to be true.
4	I had a wonderful 2hr Swedish massage by Yesenia. She is so welcoming, polite, sweet, and calm that I snore during the massage couple of times..lol. I then wanted to try the Body Wraps which was done by Elena, she explained every step in the process and insured that I am comfortable to go through. The process it self wasn't affected as expected. I was hoping to see a big difference but had only lost half an inch of my waist. Elena also had asked if I wanted to have Facial during the Body Wrap(since you have to be wrapped for 20 minutes with no movements) and that was also great.Overall I had a fabulous time and I feel lucky that I have experienced such a service. The provided services were great but nothing special. But its the customer service, the welcoming, and the politeness of the staff that will make me pay them a visit whenever am in Vegas. I felt like a king!
