4	Delicious cheese croissant, chocolate eclairs and much more.  Although when I buy the eclair on Sunday, I find that it doesn't taste as fresh.  I'm not sure but I don't think that they make them fresh on Sunday.  Otherwise I think it's a great little patisserie.
1	Hubby & I have a huge bone to pick with this place. If I could give 0 stars, I would.It is true that they are under new management, however, nothing has changed unfortunately. When we leave we are unsatisfied and frankly disappointed. Our main complaints are as follows:This bakery is totally unpleasant and they do a great job at letting on that they do not appreciate your business. Most of the staff are miserable (with the exception of one very nice woman, a Francophone, who works the early morning shifts). Additionally, there is this new woman working there since the new administration was announced and she will not serve you in English, even if you speak to her in English. That really gets to me because the other girls speak both.     They do not listen to your order. Case in Point: Once I clearly ordered a chocolate chip scone to-go and I got a nasty chocolate chip cookie. My hubby asked for a turkey & swiss sandwich, he got ham & swiss. This is unacceptable because they were not busy at all; they clearly do not care whatsoever. The deli sandwiches are a joke, containing one - yes ONE - thin slice of meat... makes for a VERY SKIMPY "sandwich". I asked if they could add tomatoes to my sandwich and I was told that tomatoes are only allowed to be served at breakfast time, so no tomatoes for me. What bothers us the most is how frugal they are. For $10.95 you get: A deli-sandwich with nothing inside (1 piece of lettuce, a little cheese, and 1 thin slice of meat), a small Oasis juice, a very small salad, and a very small piece of the desert of the day. And that's not with tax!! Who do they think they are?!? The refrigerated pastries taste like the refrigerator itself. They do not taste fresh at all, it's really gross actually. The breads are okay, but way overpriced. Most items, including the sandwich deals for what you get, are overpriced.To use your Credit Card, you need to have a minimum $20.00. I've seen it happen that a customer had a total balance of 19.90-something, and they refused to pass the transaction with credit card. NOT RETURN WORTHY. Period.
