1	This is not a place you would like to take you pet especially when your pet is sick! I had horrible service while here. Not only did I already feel horrible, sad, upset etc due to my 13 year old dog being in bad shape but the vet was very rude and unprofessional! She came in for less than 2 mins and then never came back. But she went into another room where she was talking to the nurse and didn't realize I can here everything she was saying. She refused to give me a quote to get my dog treated and she was disrespecting myself as well as my pet. If I could give less than 1 star I would but not an option. Instead I took my pet to a different place and they were very helpful. And another thing that should not be done is you should not be on the phone while your with a patient, if not work related. Vet was speaking of being in jail.. That is not work related in one bit. I just want to make sure people and their pets are receiving the best care. Just don't do it here.
1	Don't go here. I did for years and I believe that the vet had her own personal health issues interfere with her practice. At one time I trusted Dr. Mceachern, but I truly believe that if I hadn't taken my dog elsewhere for treatment she would have killed him. She overdosed him on two antibiotics and almost shut his liver down. The tech's there are always really nice.
5	Where are all the good reviews that used to be here, including mine? Yelp is jacking around with the reviews. Shame on you Yelp.Excellent vet, great staff. They've done great with my old dog and my dog with seizures. I've got here since they opened and I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	I have experienced 3 vet clinics since purchasing my Olde English Bulldogge. I used to live in central Phoenix and go to Squaw Peak Animal Hospital, which we loved! But unfortunately we moved to the west side. My first vet experience was horrific, but then I found these guys. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. They talk to you and make you feel like they want the best for your fur baby. When my dog is sick, they quickly make an appointment. The front office staff has even flagged down the vet for me as I had an emergency case close to 5 o'clock. (We're talkin 4:55). My previous experience at a vet not far from here was HORRIFIC in comparison. They have a customer for life. I also love the small business feel.
4	Brought my cat who had urinary problems. She was peeing blood and in obvious pain. We brought her in and after a check up she was simply sent home and we were asked to come back when we collected a sample of her urine. How are we supposed to collect urine from a cat who is hiding from us because she is in pain and who only pees in a litter box? They sold us a kit to collect urine but it didn't work. We finally decided to empty her litter box and force her to pee there.  It worked (after 3 days)and after the results came in( another 2 days) it turned out our cat had a bladder full of crystals. After a week of medication she was fine and is now on a special urinary food that we must purchase from the vet. It is very expensive but our cat is healthy now. Overall the staff was friendly and helpful. I will continue to take my cat to the humane society for shots and yearly visits because it's cheaper but if my cat is ever sick again I will definitely bring her here. I will also continue to purchase her special food from here as long as she is alive.
4	I have experienced 3 vet clinics since purchasing my Olde English Bulldogge. I used to live in central Phoenix and go to Squaw Peak Animal Hospital, which we loved! But unfortunately we moved to the west side. My first vet experience was horrific, but then I found these guys. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. They talk to you and make you feel like they want the best for your fur baby. When my dog is sick, they quickly make an appointment. The front office staff has even flagged down the vet for me as I had an emergency case close to 5 o'clock. (We're talkin 4:55). My previous experience at a vet not far from here was HORRIFIC in comparison. They have a customer for life. I also love the small business feel.
