4	Many a time I've been accused of being a little too fancy for my own pants when suggesting me and my flat mates order a Parma-ham and Rocket pizza from Delicious Italian. Alas, I managed to dampen their mocking by presenting a freshly prepared Pizza liberally covered with the best ingredients which blows the usual 'Papa John's' or 'Dominoes' generic crappy Pizza away.Having used to live just across the road to Delicious Italian I became a frequent customer and loved watching the friendly staff cook/assemble my pizza in front of me.
5	Let's just say I can pretty much walk in and ask for my regular when I go to Delicious Italian. I don't. Because I get real embarrassed at how often I end up resorting to eating from this mouth-watering takeaway. At first I obsessed vigorously over the tagliatelle salmone. When I stopped eating meat, it was the gnocchi quattro formaggio's turn. Then it was the rigatoni normali (tomato sauce, ricotta and roasted aubergine) and then a rigatoni with sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes. Now it's the pizza. Every single time I go there I order the same thing: artichoke with red onion and sweet corn. I swear they recognise my voice on the phone now. My dignity is way gone. Oh well. I'd rather continue eating their amazing food than keep my dignity. I'm certain I never had much to begin with. So, I've gone through the vegetarian options, but never you worry: there's plenty of meat to bite into. But what really makes my heart flutter about this place is that their proportion of pasta to sauce is spot on, i.e. there's LOADS of sauce to mop up with their garlic bread (which is free with every pasta dish), though, to be frank, their garlic bread is just not buttery or garlicky enough for me. Strangely, I find, there's also a couple of tables so that you can actually sit in. I'd say stick to taking food out, though. It's not particularly romantic and doesn't really have an atmosphere at all. I walked in once and this couple were eating their own separate pizzas while people walked in and out. They weren't even talking to each other. It seemed really painfully awkward. Delicious (as we lazy locals call it) used to be cheaper than it is now, but it's still kinda reasonable because you can easily stuff yourself and keep some extra for the next day. Especially when it comes to the gnocchi, which is really really filling. And SO cheesy!
4	I don't order takeaway very often. I'm a bit of a diet conscious health freak and most takeaways, no matter the variety, tend to be very high in salt and sugar, glazed with grease and fat.Now I'm not going to pretend Delicious Italian is the healthiest restaurant. Huge portions of white pasta covered in cheese sauce? But the quality here is such a cut above the average takeaway that it makes the occasional treat worth it.Really the takeaway from Delicious Italian is no worse, indeed sometimes a lot better, than many other well established Italian restaurants. It's interesting to see another reviewer recommend the rigatoni normali (with aubergine and ricotta). I quite agree  about this delicious dish! I've tried some of there other vegetarian pasta dishes and all have tasty, but I still come back to this dish.A great place, not badly priced, with quality food above most takeaways.
4	I'm still coming to terms with how cheap the Marchmont restaurants are! Ofcourse such a statement is always made comparatively, and it's unfathomable that one could have a (relatively fancy) meal out in New Town for less than a tenner. It'd be easier to understand if Marchmont was run down, and rats came as a side dish to the food, but this is thankfully not the case! Marchmont is lovelyyyyyy. So this Italian restaurant, yeah, is well good. They serve the typical menu of starters, pizzas, pasta, fish, meat and chicken dishes. I especially like that the pizzas come in two sizes (and more importantly two prices!) depending on the belly satisfaction and pocket ofcourse.
5	My favourite local Italian take away! Kamelo knows what I want before I do and when I was diagnosed wi coeliac he even started buying gluten free pasta especially for me! (cant get better customer service than that!)Great food and fantastic service! I enjoy practising my Italian banter... His new shop over the road looks fab n will be opening in a couple of weeks so plenty room for new customers!! Bellissimo!
5	I feel so blessed since I've moved back to Marchmont last April. We live surrounded by two awesome pizza places, and Delicious is certainly my favourite of the lot. My flatmate (another yelper) and I usually get a Fresh 16" pizza for a tenner or just a bit more and indulge ourselves in the flat with a nice bottle of red to accompany that.Friendly service, reasonable prices, fantastic pizzas. Takeaway only. Note that they're going to move across the road to a slightly larger venue; I assume we'll be able to eat in there?I'll update my review if I get a chance to try their pasta by the way!
4	This is a dangerous pizza place to have in your neighbourhood.  Proper yummy Italian pizzas. Yum, yum, yum!  Maybe a bit on the greasy side, but hey ho.  Apparently their pasta is fab too, although I have not tried it.The staff are friendly.  Student discount is also available.  Great value for a takeaway anyway.
5	Great food and always a friendly welcome. I remember when this place first appeared and I eyed it with suspicion for whatever reason then one evening we fancied trying somewhere new, so in we went and I havent looked back. If you want amazing Italian food in Marchmont this is where to come.The pizzas are great, but I havent managed to get past the Vegetarian. My friends have ordered all sorts and everytime they come away with a big smile saying its the best pizza they have had in ages. We decided to eat in one night the missus opted for Melanzana (Aubergine, basil, tomato sauce & Parmesan cheese)  followed by Spaghetti Napolitana this was very well recieved. I went for Coutci Marinara (Mussels cooked with chilli & tomato sauce), garlic bread and a giant Vegetarian pizza. Yep eyes bigger than my belly. The pizza was put in a take away box for breakfast.Eat in or takeaway both are excellent. Bear in mind this is a pizza shop with seating if you are planning on sitting in. If you are expecting La favourita style seating and decor this probably isnt the place, but for what it is it is very well turned out.My first choice for italien food in the local area.
3	Well still a good place, but a tad greasy. Since I discovered Cafe Artista, I haven't been to this one again...
4	Proper great italian grub! Incredible menu choice, even for a veg head like myself ( ;I've ordered a delivery many a time and have noticed it's slower at the weekend than it is through the week. So ideally another driver at the weekend, would be my only suggestion. Other than that it's a big thumbs up from me!
