5	Absolutely fantastic shop. Well educated, helpful, friendly staff that greets you when you enter, a well spoken, experienced and knowledgeable manager, delicious coffee (ask for the special if you love chocolate) free wi-fi, a gaming room with flatscreens, and a welcoming, relaxing atmosphere make this shop INFINITELY superior to Atomic Comics. Add "bad movie nights" and an open mike night, and you have a winning combination!I would recommend this store to anyone, and look forward to returning soon.
5	My inner nerd has been UNLEASHED! Utilizing last weekend wisely, I spent my day here for a video game tournament. A portion of the store is dedicated to getting together and playing XBOX 360 with the best of basement dwellers around the valley. But that's just a fraction of what goes on.Even though I'm not into comics, I could see Gotham pulling me into them. So many Marvel and DC classics...I started actually wondered if Captain America would survive the war, or how Superman would fend off enemies without his powers.If you're a dork about Eastern entertainment, they've gotcha covered on Japanese video games, action figures, and Japanimation. In fact, they had an impressive library of soundtracks from various animes at deep discounts.Don't start thinking I'm a huge dork, because you don't have to be to love this place! Nourish your inner nerd...and order something from the coffee bar inside while you're at it.
5	What can be better than drinking coffee while reading comics?In my opinion, nothing, especially if you and free wi-fi service! The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable about comics. Miguel is awesome, if you can't find a certain comic he will say "I probably have it in the back, come back and I can pull it for you", don't forget to ask for a recommendation on a series.Oh yeah! You have to try the Dark Knight, so good.
5	This place is awesome. Super friendly staff that don't treat comic/anime n00bs like complete asshats. You know the type... typical comic book nerd eliteists. aI spent about 30minutes with one of the guys there as he ran down all of his favorite Manga and why. He took the time to introduce me to new things and share his love of Manga and Anime with me. Because of that I was introduced to many new Manga books that I have really enjoyed. They have hella action figures too and an Xbox arcade tying in the back. SFIV anyone?
5	Best comic shop EVER. The owner is passionate about his place and his love of all things comics is evident. He greeted my comic-nerd honey and I with enthusiasm, and frequently asked questions to both see if we needed help, and to also offer suggestions. The coffee bar is sweet, with killer names for drinks.They have an awesome selection of old comics (my total fetish), and are willing to keep an eye out for things you've been searching for. Their game nights sound awesome, and I can see it being an awesome place to get some homework done, or just chill after a long day. So say we all.
5	As an artist , I love this place .The comics , games and the cafe . Just Awsome .Everyone is A celeb .
5	MY absolute favorite comic store!  I love the owners and the cast of characters, I mean customers that come through the door.  They have some awesome staff.  The drinks are creative fun and always good!  If you like comics and/or coffee get down there and have some fun!
5	I'm not a comic book nerd, but if I was, this place would be my joint.  While trying to find a catholic themed comic book for my godson's first communion, the managers were extremely helpful in tracking down the perfect gift (Customer service alone won me over).
4	Good coffee, good comics. Everyone that works there was helpful. I also want to point out that they were helpful towards my four-year-old son in helping him see different comics. I've been to other comic and book stores where they just dismissed my son. Not here! Love this little shop.
5	I really like coming here because everyone is so friendly and helpful. Miguel is super nice and so knowledgeable. He helped my husband and I find some new comics to read as well as locate the ones I was looking for.
5	I took my family to Music Milano last weekend, which is a few stores down from Gotham City. Once we leave Music Milano, my kids just have to go in there to check it out. I am impress of the size of the store with plenty of room to walk around. Talk to a fella in there (Jaime?), not sure if he is one of the owners but he is s a really nice and a geek like me :)We end up buying a few comics and we did talk about some of the current toys show on cable TV, such as Toy collector and collection intervention. I will definitely come back again and I was told that Fridays and Saturdays they have pokemon and magic card games going in the store.
5	So here's the deal: This place is awesome!They really take the cake when it comes to customer service. I've been coming here for the past few months and I can truly say the owners and staff are amazing. They make a genuine effort to get to know all of there customers personally. I'm really impressed by how awesome they are.i love to play magic the gathering and most Fridays and every Saturday they hold Magic: The Gathering tournaments. Friday is a $5 buy in and is much more competitive then Saturday. Saturday is free and much more laid back. I come Friday to sharpen my skills and I go Saturday to test out my latest brew. Either way it's just great time.On Tuesday's the also do "Whos Days Tuesdays" where all the doctor who fans come in watch Dr. Who and win prizes. I would definitely recommend to any Dr. Who buffs and even newbie Dr. Who fans.I know they all do D&D here as well. The guy running the campaigns is really friendly and helpful. They have two days setup. One is for newer players and another is for more experience players. They frequently have Authors and Artists coming into the shop and setting up booths as well. It's a great time to meet some of your favorite artists and authors.Bottom line: There is always something for everyone here. I would give it 10 stars if I could. Oh yeah and the coffee and drinks are excellent. :)
5	Super friendly staff who didn't treat me too much like a lost girl (all too common when I go to comic book stores), helped me find the issue I was looking for, and even offered up some info about future comics I'd be interested in (based off my Thor shirt and the Gambit and Hawkeye comics I was buying). I regret not trying out the coffee! I'll be back next time I'm on that side of town, definitely. I think that's such a cool, uncommon edition to this particular genre of shop.
3	I was caught in Mesa yesterday without a car. I planned on waiting at a coffee shop for my ride to return but ALL the coffee houses on Main Street, at least the ones near by, closed between 4:30 and 5. Fortunately I saw a cafe sign on Gotham City Comics. The people working the store were genuinely friendly. I was able to sit for 2 hours, write a bit and have a cup off Americano - which is where my modest rating comes in. The Americano was watery and lacked the flavor I've come to expect better from a place that sports a barista. Otherwise, it was a good expeience, they seemed to have quite a comicbook and memorabilia selection..
5	Seriously,  this place is awesome. I feel very comfortable here thanks to the employees & just the general public that go here. It's nice to be amongst nerds
5	This was AWESOME! The staff treated me like a lifelong customer even though it was only my 2nd visit. I'm from our if state but they definitely made me feel at home. The staff really knew their stuff and gave me some great recommendations. The atmosphere was great, no matter the age group. It also didn't matter how much of a fan/nerd/fanboy you are or if you're just a casual fan or shopping for a gift. Big thanks to the owners who ate really cool but also/especially Jaime who remembered me & was super nice/cool/hilarious. The only negative was the new comics section but that was due to some sort of anomaly due to the holidays. I can't comment on the coffee; I didn't order one. I know that seems like I'm going overboard, but I've worked in comics before and thus I can appreciate how well run this place is. Strongest recommendation to check this place out!
5	Hands down the Best coffee I've ever had! I know, strange for a comic book store. Seriously, stop in and try the coffee, it will ruin all other coffee for you!This is also an amazing comic book store. It's clean, inviting, fairly priced, lots of Doctor Who merchandise and they even have Doctor Who night every Tuesday from 6 to 9! The back has an AMAZING game room. A row of cumfy chairs and a row of TVs where you can hang out and play all the newest games online or off.The owners are very nice and very welcoming. This, in my opinion, is the best comic shop in the valley! Check it out!!
5	I love the people here, great hangout, tasty drinks, and fun events.
5	I don't like coffee but I enjoy the soda drinks, people, and atmosphere. There's a lot of laughter in here and my nephews love it. But they do need to stock more snickers bars
5	Hands down, best comic book store in town. It doesn't get any better than this.The owners are awesome. They have always been incredibly welcoming from the first time we walked in the door. They make the time to chat about anything and everything--Doctor Who, X Men, Avengers, Star Wars, Star Trek... they are knowledgeable and they love to socialize. They have put comics into my hands that I never thought I would have liked, and they were right. And it was so sweet. The store is exactly what I want a place to be--comic shop meets coffee store meets gathering place meets gaming place meets Doctor Who Marathon movie theatre. It's got a cozy feeling without being too crowded. The couches are wicked comfortable; you can slouch down into one with a comic book in your hands, and the owners encourage such behavior. They also have a TV that often has tv episodes or movies playing, and a room in back for console gaming. And a great, industrial-batman themed bathroom. Their mini coffee shop sells chai, coffee, italian sodas, and other cold drinks. Also snacks. And they have wifi. You could literally (and I have been tempted) spend the entire day there, with tons of different activities planned. A lot like when you were a kid and had friends who went to daycare during the summer, and they got to go on a field trip every day. The weekends are kind of like that--adult fandom daycare. Sign me up.They have Doctor Who Tuesday nights, where they show two episodes (new and classic or documentary of DW). They often have something (or multiple somethings) going on during the weekends. Today it was Yo-Yo demonstrations, then Pokemon, then gaming (I forget). They'll be at PHX Comic-con. They should be everywhere, all the time. Visit them and say hi, and ask about the new Star Trek movie, DW theories about Clara, or what they think about JJ Abrams doing Star Trek. Or the new Iron Man III. All of them will get you a long, spirited conversation. And I love it.
3	I have to give these guys props for what they have going on. Cool little comic shop with some awesome merchandise available. I just wish the "coffee" portion was a little more sophisticates and prevalent.
5	This is a really awesome comic/gaming store!  I've been going regularly and will continue to.I can't really speak to the comic or collectible selection, because I come for the Magic: the Gathering events.  They seem to have all the normal MTG stuff and good prices.  I also like that they have fun drinks like coffee and Italian soda, and T-Shirts and stuff.I've been to Friday Night Magic events here a few times, which has been really fun.  It's a smaller crowd than at other FNM places.  People here are way less intense too.  More girls, younger people, and newer players.  WAY less intimidating than some other nerd stores I've done it at, notably Gamers Inn.  XDThe staff here is super nice.  They seem to try to remember names and stuff, and go out of their way to make it an awesome experience.  I would highly recommend this place for someone wanting to get into MTG, or play without the really intense players.
5	I rarely visit comic book shops, but I still consider myself a die-hard comic book geek. I found out about Gotham City Comics after meeting the co-owner Miguel down the street at Monsterland. It was the final week of Monsterland being open, so I dragged a friend in to see it and enjoy a last-chance beer in a bona fide Temple of Geekdom. Miguel was wearing a red Flash hoodie and having a beer at the bar with friends. After some casual banter, I knew I had found a kindred spirit and scholar of all things comic-booky. It was great fun to geek-out with someone so knowledgeable about the DC Universe (my particular obsession).Once I was clued into the existence of this enterprise that catered to comic-book fans and coffee drinkers, I had to check it out. I was not disappointed. I used Free Comic Book Day as an excuse to see Miguel again and he made my visit memorable. I stuck largely to the graphic novels and hardback books section, but ordered a coffee and perused the store. I settled on a great coffee-table book featuring legendary Superman comic-book cover art, but Miguel upsold me on a trade hardback of Identity Crisis, an entry in the DC Crisis portfolio I hadn't even been aware of.When it came time to pay, I outed myself as fanboy by revealing my Tyvek Superman wallet. This was not a huge novelty since it appeared that both Miguel and Jaime (who whipped me up a tasty iced vanilla latte) both sported Tyvek wallets. I guess it's not difficult to be out-geeked here!Love the vibe of this place. It's an indulgent little store that feels like the Bottle City of Kandor meets Comic-con. I shall return, and next time I may throw down for the kryptonite tchotchke!
3	After some lunch, my boyfriend and I had made it to this comic book store to check it out. The ambiance is nice - there was a section for comics, old school, art books, and graphic novels (but no manga) as well as a section for the figures. I liked that they had a beverage stand in case we got thirsty.There's also a seating area and there seems to be a television where they would actually show movies, shows, or whatever they wanted to in case whoever didn't want to look around the store.The associates were extremely helpful and they seem very nice! It seemed they would promote some local artists as well.Despite it all...there isn't much items in the store to actually buy. Sure, there's comic books and other things you'd find typical in a comic book store but it only had the bare minimum. I feel this place would be more apt to get together with friends and talk about similar interests. Perhaps that's what it was going for but the fact that it didn't have a manga section, that disappointed me. I think we'll come back to visit every once in a while for Dr. Who, fighting game tournaments, and maybe the Pokemon trading card games.
5	The guys here at Gotham are great! my buddy Cliff brought me here to get stuff for my daughter & I've been back a couple times to get rare & hard to find items. There's a coffee bar in here! all kinds of drinks too. There's a area in the back of the store for kids to play their games & also a section for playing video games.Did you know every Tuesday night is Dr WHO time??? For all you Dr Who fans they watch a show on the tele, play trivia & there's a prize to the winner of the night....I would give up now cuase I'm bringing my other buddy here & he is a Dr. WHO nut so you got no chance, hahahahaha! I don't frequent nerderies, aka comic book stores, but when I do this is where you'll find me.
4	Was visiting from out of town when I stumbled across this little oasis in the desert.  Upon entry I immediately felt like I walked into the Batcave.  It's dark in here!  After feeling my way around the store, and squinting through the decent amount of current and back issues, I picked up a few comics and headed for the light.  I downloaded a flashlight app on my phone, so I'm all set for the next time I visit.
5	Hands down a very well bad ass place to go to. I know both owners and they are wonderful individuals. Add to that the game room in back where me and my sister can sit back grab some coffee and play some xbox. Love Gotham City!
5	We had such an amazing experience here!
5	My husband got a chocolate peppermint latte today and said that it was a masterpiece of coffee! We love this local comic shop! The people there are always so friendly and knowledgeable.
5	Simply stated, I loooove this store. It was my first time in yesterday, and I'm going back this week. I'm knocking out some serious Christmas shopping in this local gem!! I've been thinking about buying re-released He-Man and his archenemy Skeletor since I left!!!
5	I like this place for several reasons.  First it is hands down the best place for a cool and unique gift for that special nerd in your life.  Secondly I have never had a bad drink.  Thirdly they host a support group for Doctor Who addicts every Tuesday evening.  I myself have fallen off the wagon and have not been to a meeting in a while but just to know that I am not the only Whovian in the Mesa area is a great comfort to this wanna be companion.
5	Miguel and Kevin are completely knowledgeable about comics and hand have the best comic themed coffee drinks. I love the Super Soldier Serum!
4	Very friendly people. Found some toys i liked and was even offered a discount.
5	I so can not believe that I have not written a review before now! I love this place. Great selection of action figures, comics, and magic cards. Its spacious and very comfortable. But what makes this place really stand out is the customer service, very friendly. We got a chance to talk to the owner and you can tell he really loves what he does.
5	Everything about this place is awesome! The name,the customer service,the selection,everything! I went in looking for a figure that I couldn't find and they offered to order it for me. that was very cool of them to go out of their way.The guy working there has a habit of saying "Worst_________Ever! Being a die hard Simpson's fan that I'am it really made my trip more enjoyable.Everything is fairly priced and they have free wifi.I will be sure to try the coffee the next time I'm there..
5	Great X-Box Gaming Consoles and selection of current and past issues of Marvel and DC!
5	This is THE place to go if you're a newbie or shopping for a friend or browsing for a tangentially related hobby. Ordinarily, when I go to a single-hobby shop in the hope of scoring a little something for my weird dollhouses, I get The Sneer because I'm buying only a couple fat quarters of fabric or one skein of yarn or whatever. Not at Gotham City! There is no sneer at Gotham City unless it's part of the comic-book character's official persona.The clerks got totally into what I was trying to accomplish and the shopping trip ended up with my happily buying more than I'd strictly intended to and taking various flyers for events. They showed me things; they explained things; they gave me not the slightest trouble over not really being a fan of any of the major franchises. As a result, I have all sorts of neat stuff in the under $10 range, plus a general idea of what more I could get and how and when. Also, my $1 Spiderman figure from a flea market is moving up from house-sitting to having his own house so he can collect the things that aren't right for the 1:6 people or for the hipster ST:TNG couple.Also, from a prior (very pleasant) visit, I know I can get coffee and cold drinks, including an Italian soda that looks like green slime. There are days when an ice-cold, fruit-flavored glass of green slime is what hits the spot.
5	I Love Love Love this place. I don't even read comics but there is just something about this place. Every time we are down town my husband and three kids make a stop here. The kids pick up a can of cactus cooler or Fanta and My husband and I get a Thors Hammer Iced Coffee wonderfulness!! I wish I were into all the fun things they have to offer but for now I will enjoy my weekly drinks :)
5	OMG!! We loved this shop! My five-year-old son is all about batman at the moment and the guys here were really fantastic with him. Any small business that is genuinely sweet to my kid has my business. Period. As a bonus, they've got an amazing selection of comics and action figures and books. The coffee was fantastic too! Go! Take your kids! You won't regret this stop.
5	I really liked this place.  The selection of comics are pretty big and even though the action figures selection is a little low, it was still cool to look at.  You can find just about any type of superhero comic you are looking for and then some.Haven't had any of their drinks yet, but they do seem to be popular and reasonably priced.  Will have to try something sometime.  Will invest more money in this business soon.
5	Gotham City Comics and Coffee is a true bastion of nerdom. Not only so they supply comics, but toys and a sense of community you would be hard press to find anywhere else.It is incredibly family friendly and open to all sorts of clubs and get together's. The staff is amazing and truly enjoy their jobs in selling and interacting with their customers.
5	I go in all the time to pick up stuff for my kids because I work on Main, so it's convenient, plus they're so helpful.  Today I decided to try the coffee for the first time and it was actually really good (iced soy vanilla latte).  I don't know why I was so surprised. I guess cause it came from a little cart inside a comic book store? Bonus: it was quick.  No waiting around like the busier coffee shops on Main.
5	Friendly staff, wide selection - comfortable environment.  Nicely placed in downtown Mesa, near a plethora of things to see.
5	This place is great! Lots of activities...lots of game nights...Dr Who events....We love it!  Staff is super friendly.Overall, I can not say enough great things about this shop. Plus, my son has autism. He can needle people with obscure, odd questions and these guys totally answer every single one.  They go out of their way to make him feel welcome and respected.  It is easy to be nice to be people who are nice to you. However, with more eccentric people, I find some folks shy away from talking to them. Not these guys! Thanks for respecting my son enough to engage with him.
5	I walked in here in full costume during a tournament and no one blinked an eye. I have my favorite haunts in the valley and Tucson for comic books, so I decided to check this place out since we were in the area.The customer service seemed friendly and helpful. Plenty of figures and Creepy comics, I'm a fan!
4	If you are a collector of Star Wars memorabilia this is the place. Even if they don't have it, they will find it for you and get it ordered. They also specialize in comics and gaming.
1	I had visited this comic book shop it was honest to God my first and final time in this store. I had walked in with my video camera which I was filming for a documentary and had moved here from California recently. Not even less than a moment of being in there. I barely had walked in until I was confronted by the manager who was hostile and aggressive when approached. He had asked of me what the purpose was that I was filming for and responded to him letting him know, I then had asked of him if it was alright with his permission for me to film in there. He then had said to me "It's too late now to ask" I was not allowed to film in there because I was not granted permission from him to do so. Those were his exact words. This is the most venomous and vile customer service I've encountered. After he realized who I was and that I had a celebrity status he later had changed his tone of voice and attitude.I've let him know I would have approached him to ask him for his permission if only had I known to my knowledge that he was one of the owners there who had operated the shop, common sense and logic would have told you, you are supposed to have an employee I.D at least a lanyard around you're neck to identify you are an official worker there or a badge. Otherwise I had an impression that he was just another customer in there. I did not appreciate the hostile attitude towards me and inflicted at me. I had given them a call later that evening and addressed myself more in depth and all they could manage to do was constantly apologize and invite me back into their storefront. I've let them know this was the final time I was ever to step foot in their business again.In conclusion to this my final decision is never to conduct my business with them again and strongly advise anyone else to be Leary and avoid them like a plague.There is an old expression, both actually."You're customers are always right" and "Once bit twice shy"
5	Love it I was in there with my wife and my daughter that is 3. Some guys were cursing and the employee actually told them to watch it that theirs a lil girl in the store and pointed to my daughter. Cool.Then the one employee gave  my daughter free items, Suckers, my little pony figure and me and my wife the hook up on some Magic The Gathering cards we told him we just started playing and love the game. We bought a fat pack, boosters and some lose cards.I use to go with my son just to buy the breaking bad trading cards and some adventure time comic books but now I think I will be going more often with my wife to buy MTG cards. Customer service 10 out of 10The guys are Awesome 1 guy seems a little off but the others make up for him so it's cool. Off=didn't seem the least bit intrested in the fact that the other employees where being so awesome and showing courtesy towered me and my family. He was just like I see you,  you see me that's were it ended. All in all I will spend my money here.
