5	Amazing, Creative, Intuitive, PersonalCherie and her entire team have been the best thing that could have happened to our Wedding and my Boudoir photo shoot & gift...For a wedding gift to my future husband I wanted to do a boudoir shoot. The Boudoir Cafe had an awesome makeup and hair girl. The team know how to make you feel comfortable and sexy. I would encourage every woman to do this at least once in their life. You will walk out feeling incredible and confident. Not only was it a fun experience I can't believe how amazing and sexy the photos are. Wedding day was so easy and magical! With so much stress leading up to that day you want a team who is professional and aware. Cherie and her fabulous crew (including the videography team) were proactive and on schedule. They did not miss a single "Kodak moment." My husband and I just went with the flow. We wanted to live in the moment on our day and not worry about anything. Living in the moment gets you the best shots. The team took care of everything. Just follow their direction and feel the happiness. Our photos are beautiful works of art. They are perfect moments captured and immortalized forever.The Videographer works directly with Cheriefoto and The Boudoir Cafe. We decided to have the videographer on a whim. We are so happy we made this choice! You absolutely need a videographer and one who works well with the photographer. The team was stealthy. We didn't even know they were there but they captured everything. When we saw the preview of our video we were mesmerized. We were taken back to our wedding day! The editing and music were perfection. It was far better than we could have imagined.We will be working with these photographers in the future and I can't wait!You must have this remarkable team!
5	Cherie, Hedley and their glam squad are above and beyond, amazing!! Creative, vivacious, fun and unique are the first adjectives that come to mind...I can seriously go on and on...If you want that WOW factor, look no more. They shot our engagement and wedding pictures and we received so many compliments! I have referred everyone I know to them and now I can't wait for my boudoir shoot. If you are looking for a truly memorable experience with down to earth artists to capture "THE moment"----call them ASAP! If you are looking for the ordinary, forgettable and middle-of-the-road photographer, keep moving...That's not them. However, you will regret not giving them a try.
5	I had a blast shooting with Cherie, Lara, and Virginia! They were the perfect combination of friendly, professional, and creative. My day started by being warmly greeted in the cute little studio. We then discussed what kind of look I wanted...my makeup was amazing! I have been in front of the camera and had my makeup done many times. Virginia nailed it! I felt I looked the part I wanted to play then we had fun with poses, lights, fans etc. Lara guided me through the process...showing me some of our shots from time to time and allowing me to chime in if I had any ideas or requests.  I was completely comfortable and just relaxed and enjoyed feeling sexy for the day.
5	AMAZING.!Cherie is the BEST.!Could not have imagined a better first time photo shoot experience.! I wanted to give my bf a special gift and the idea I had for my photo shoot was more uncommon of a theme- I love boudoir but I wanted a more extreme fetish angle-and to my surprise Cherie not only embraced but encouraged me to delve deeper into my vision for the photo shoot. From the moment I started preparing to do the shoot Cherie was so involved and excited I knew I had found the best photographer. When the shoot started they made me feel so comfortable- even though all I had  on was a leather strapped teddy and chains all over me. The whole time, from the beginning with the make- up artist, an amazing guy named Mikey, to Cherie and Hensley, everyone treated me like a star. Cherie had listened to everything I had asked for and delivered it in her photos. Couldn't ask for better photos, experience or happier bf.! :DThank you Cherie.!!
5	I have been thinking of doing a boudoir photo session for years and kept on putting it off thinking if I could just lose a few more pounds, get a tan, just excuses really...  This year at my birthday reality finally hit me, I will never look better than I look today and it is good enough!I was finally doing it as a birthday gift to myself, for myself and if my husband enjoys it that's just a bonus, but this is for ME. I researched photographers, poses, outfits, prices.  I contacted at least 6 different studios and actually met with 3 photographers, but the minute I met Cherie and saw the work that she and Hedley do I couldn't stop thinking about it. The books / boxes they do are the most beautiful works of art I have ever seen, they are nothing like the photo books most others offer. The artwork, quality, glossy finish, and the presentation are absolutely gorgeous, classy & elegant.  Cherie was very accommodating, creating a package just for me that included a book and a CD with all the photos. She send me a whole list of things to do before the session and it really helped.  I had a great time shopping at the store she recommended.  When the day finally arrived, I was super nervous.  I just wanted it to be perfect. and it was, a few glasses of wine really helped!Virginia did my make-up and hair and she is a doll, very sweet, helpful, she even helped me get dressed and stayed in studio the whole afternoon.  Cherie and Hedley both took photos of me using at least 3 or 4 different cameras. Very professional, making me feel comfortable and safe and encouraging the "real me" to come out. They were absolutely amazing, I think having 2 photographers getting different perspectives of the same pose was an absolute bonus. Time flew by, no one paid attention to the clock, they were just determined to get the best photos of me and I loved it. The very next day, my CD was ready and it had over 500 photos!!!I am absolutely amazed at how HOT, SEXY, and GORGEOUS these photos are!  My ego is soaring! LOL. I now have the very difficult task of picking the photos I want in my book and that is going to be very difficult, I want them ALL!  Cherie & Hedley, thank you for capturing on film a part of me that few have ever seen but I will now have forever in a gorgeous book for my husband and me to enjoy!!!
5	this was the most spectacular experience! Cherie was an amazing person to get to know. I live in Las Vegas and started contact with her a little over a month before my shoot. from the very beginning our conversations were easy and they flowed like we had been friends forever. Even though she and Hedley routinely come to vegas to shoot she asked if I could manage to make it out to Beverly Hills and I thought that would be great! I made it a girls trip with a friend of mine and had the time of my life from start to finish.Virginia did my hair and make up and it was amazing! I looked sexy and sensual and I was in love with my looks. Cherie and I went over some ideas of particular desired shots and we began. I purchased the video love letter also and I can't wait to see how it turns out. Robertino have great direction and made it feel natural.my experience here was through the roof and I am so excited to see the results. The teasers I got so far have been out of this world- I can't even believe that's me in the photos! I look like a supermodel! Cheri and Hedley more than accommodated me for flying out to LA for the shoot. She even had a wonderfully delicious bottle of red wine waiting for me! My girl friend that came with me popped in for part of the shoot and we all just had a blast!Their hospitality and charming personalities made me fall in love with them. I've never felt so comfortable in such a setting. they were funny, professional and as sweet as ever. I know I have made two wonderful friends and can't wait to visit them again! If you're looking to do a boudoir shoot for yourself or even as a gift for your husband, boyfriend, girlfriend- whoever! you simply MUST go to Cheri and Hedley at The Boudoir Cafe! they're the best! you get everything you could ever imagine with them and more!
5	I have been to many photographers, and Cherie and Hedley of The Boudoir Cafe are the only ones that went way above and beyond, there production of phenomenal, absolutely stunning pictures that look straight out the the pages of vogue was just mind blowing, but the best and most valuable part of it all, was how incredibly comfortable they make you feel.  I felt like the most beautiful woman in the world. I have always been shy, and like most women, I am very self conscience.  within minutes I was strut tin myself around like I was the worlds greatest super model.  I never felt more beautiful, more comfortable in my own skin than when I was there with them.  And my pictures, omg, can I just say...... I am friggin Hot! stunning,  I look like a million bucks. and when you see me in person, you can then agree, that Cherie and Hedley work Magic!!!.   I have never been so proud in my life.  And I owe these incredible memories, pictures and now a much stronger sense of myself and a boost of self confidence.  because they brought out in me, the Woman, I never new existed. I am eternally grateful, and have turned all my girlfriends who are looking for a boost in there modeling career, a boost in there relationship or just a boost in themselves. The Boudoir Cafe is the place.  Do yourself the biggest favor for you and or your partner.  book a photoshoot with them asap.  What ever flaws you think you have, they will vanish and a beautiful more confident woman will emerge once you do a photoshoot with Cherie and Hedley.  Love them!!!!  and you will too!
5	Okay...if you are reading this you and are debating whether to do a boudoir shoot with Cherie, just call her right now and make an appointment.  Cherie and Hedley are the absolute best photographers I have ever had the pleasure of working with.  When I got engaged, the first thing I knew I wanted to do for my husband was a boudoir shoot.  I am a VERY conservative person and was extremely nervous about doing a shoot like this.  From the very beginning they made me feel comfortable and beautiful.  I'm not your average LA size 0, 2 or even 4 girl.  I was worried that the photos wouldn't come out as I hoped because of my size at the time.  Needless to say my worries were put to bed the second these magical artists started shooting.  Not only did I look better than I ever have in a photo, I immediately wanted them to do my wedding!!  (Also, Virginia, the make-up artist/hair stylist that Cherie set me up with before the shoot was fantastic as well.)DON'T LOOK ANYWHERE ELSE TO DO A BOUDOIR SHOOT!  LET THE BOUDOIR CAFE DO YOUR BOUDOIR PHOTOS!! The photos and experience are flawless.  Seriously, you get what you pay for. Don't try to shop around and find someone cheaper. Chances are, they are cheaper for a reason.  I thought so much of Cherie and Hedley that  I replaced the photographer I had hired to do our wedding (and had done our engagement photos) with Cherie and her team.  I can't be more pleased with how talented they are.  I was able to get in touch with Cherie anytime I needed anything which is so important for every bride.  They are seriously my photographers for life!LOVE LOVE LOVE CHERIE! Call her today!
5	Do it!  I had the greatest experience with Cherie and Hedley and Virginia.  My boyfriend, soon-to-be husband had been asking me for a boudoir book forever.  I finally decided to take the plunge and give it to him as a wedding gift.  He is gonna flip out when he sees the pictures!  I walked in there with and open mind and let all three work their magic.  I would do it again if I could.  I was nervous, but they put me at ease.These people are passionate about what they do and it comes through in the photos.  They really love what they and are so helpful and sweet.  I forgot my knee-hi stockings because I was so nervous.  While I was getting my make-up done Cherie went out and got me some! Who does that?! Cherie does!  Her whole team is very sweet, open, and creative.  Totally worth every penny!
5	While in Las Vegas I booked for a boudoir shoot at the Aria... it ended up being the best fun ever! The entire team was amazing and made me feel both comfortable and beautiful. It was a great experience and fun memory...and my boyfriend LOVED his one-of-a-kind Las Vegas souvenir!  5 stars for The Boudoir Cafe!!!
5	Ask yourself, "Why would I not do this?!") If you're thinking about doing a boudoir shoot that's unique, look no further. I am writing this as a testimonial. I did a session back in 2011 and have no regrets whatsoever! Initially, I did it as a birthday present for my husband and he obviously had no complaints with the "for his eyes" only poses/ pictures, but it was more than that; I felt very empowered as a female to be so comfortable with my body. You just have to relax and have fun with it. I would definitely do it all over again. Thank you Cherie and your team of professionals!
5	First off, I don't think it gets any better than Cherie and Hedley.  I booked a shoot for my wife in Las Vegas recently and it could not have been a better experience.  So this is from my perspective.  Her perspective is listed as well.  From the communication leading up to the shoot to the actual shoot itself and then to communication and promptness afterwards....EVERYTHING has been top notch and highly professional.  I did a ton of research on my own to try to find the best photographers out there.  There was simply no comparison.  Cherie's work graces numerous national magazine covers.  These folks are not just simply photographers...they are artists.  They've got a certain flair and aren't afraid to try provocative and artistic poses.  And the final results, the pictures themselves are absolutely STUNNING.  Trust me, from the perspective of a husband, it's worth every bit of time and penny, not just for the pictures, but my wife came out of the shoot with a huge smile on her face and ready to paint the town.  She knew she looked great and had nailed it.  That alone was totally worth it.  I highly recommend anyone considering a Boudoir shoot to contact Cherie.  Do it now.  You will not regret it.  My wife liked it so much, she's planning another shoot with them soon.  And of course, that makes me happy.  Just read these other reviews and do your research, it is quite clear where the best work is coming from.  Contact Cherie today!From my wife's perspective...I had a wonderful experience.  Loved my hair and make up and felt extremely confident and comfortable in front of the camera because of Cherie and Hedley.  It was fantastic and the reaction to my pictures from my husband has been priceless.  Going through the process, you could tell you were working with award winning professionals.  They made the experience very enjoyable and completely relaxing while still encouraging me to push myself and try new things.  It was great.  Only positives here.  Can't wait to do it again.
