1	After they sell you what they want, they don't care anymore. They get all the money upfront and after that there is no service. It takes forever to make appts because they are always short on staff. I am stuck at this place because I paid a lot of money but wouldn't recommend it.
1	Ridiculous place of business! A complete waste of time & money! I did the full body package. -It was almost 12,000$!!! They told me it was going to be a one year process and after the treaments were all complete I  had a two year garentee. My treaments were NEVER compete! What they ment to say is you have a three year time period and if ur still hairy then ur SOL. I went to all of my appointments for three years & a lot of the times I sat in the waiting room & waisted 1/2 of MY appointment waiting on the esthetician. I was burned several times & the hair never went away! I now have to shave it twice a day! If you care about your beauty & money STAY AWAY from this place!!
1	if i could give them a (-) i would. they dont even deserve a 1 star. i've gone to them for 3 years, staff changed all the time and so did their rules and regulations. staff were rude and disrespectful. last time i was there, drove 30 mil to see them and a girl refused to provide service that they have been providing for the past 3 years. i was awful!!! i have visited another attitude spa on eastern and they were absolutely amazing. DO NOT GO WITH AMERICAN LASER, THEY CHARGE TO MUCH, RUDE AND DO NOT PROVIDE SERVICES THAT WERE PROMISED.
5	I have been going here for a few months now.  I had amazing results with a zerona/velashape package.  I lost nearly 10lbs and about 6 in total off my hips and thighs and kept it off. It was a fantastic kick start to my new healthy lifestyle and before my trip home to Hawaii. I love all the technicians here.  Tracy helped me keep on track. I also just bought another package of velashape for perfectly smooth dimple free legs/bum which I have done in the past and had incredible results that lasted at leeeast a year(back home). They offer great deals on packages,  better than most places around.  They are really busy, appointments should be made in advance. My sister is also getting laser hair removal here with great results. They have a lot of impressive clientele. They offer a wide variety of services, call to check it out or visit their website.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
5	I've been a loyal costumer for about 1 1/2 years now. I get my bikini & under arms done every few weeks & I am almost hairless. Doing laser hair removal is a great investment especially when you have tried waxing. Honesty waxing is so much more expensive & really does hurt more than laser. I am going to start doing upper lip & leg treatments soon. They do financing where it'll be interest free for a 12 or 18 months depending on how much you spend. They have random specials going on like right now you can get "buy a treatment get one free". The treatments are 8 visits. When I purchased mines a year and a Half ago they had a special where all treatments were 75% off! That was a steal! They usually have new people working the desk. But the 2 gals that does the treatments are Mary & Vicki and they are the best. They have another girl there too but I like to stick with Mary & Vicki. They really make you comfortable. I'm probably gonna be going here for years considering I just got suckered in to getting more treatments! Lol but I'm not complaining the results speak for themselves!
5	I was convinced by my coworker to try laser treatments 2-3 years ago.. And I will NEVER go back to waxing! Laser hair removal is overall such a great investment! It really is cheaper and worth it in the end.. Less painful too! Great staff! Everyone is always so friendly and helpful. My two favorites have to be Mary and Vicky.. They're so outgoing, funny and they really know how to make you feel comfortable during your sessions! Treatments I do are my face, underarms, bikini. I also do eMatrix which helps with sun damage, acne scars, fine lines and wrinkles -- not that I have all of that but I've tried it to help with my mommy scars! American Laser offers such great deals throughout the year AND they offer financing! I think that's why I always get suckered for more treatments!! LOLNonetheless, I'm very happy with my results!
5	Ive been with guys for some time now and they are actually really friendly. They used to change employees a lot before but for the past 6 months or so Ive dealt with the same people.. As far as pricing they hooked me up big time and they have financing available (6 mo no interest). Thumbs up
