4	Its only 4 stars because I have yet to bring the dogs here...Dr. Wells has taken very good care of my cats - one in particular, our cancer cat, Ellie who has had two tumors removed. Whats particularly notable about his treatment of her was that he was very measured and clear about the possibility of the return of the cancer and that he didn't recommend chemo because it only extends life expentancy a small amount and gives them crummy quality of life. For that alone he gets 4 stars. And although the mighty Ellie - all 8 punds of her - does not abide the vehicle, she calms down in the presence of the nursing staff and Dr. Wells. He takes his time explaining treatment options and answering any questions you might have. Wait times are generally very short and the new office is clean, airy and modern. And while cancer surgery isn't cheap, I don't feel like I'm being nickeled and dimed every time I walk through the door. Will be bringing two of the dogs there this summer.
5	Dr Wells takes fantastic care of my pups.  I've vet shopped quite a lot and this is the only place that i haven't gotten the greedy vibe from.  They take their time explaining everything and will tell you the truth about what is necessary and what isnt without pushing expensive needless junk on you.   i ask a ton of questions and i've seen dr's with that annoyed look more times than I can count but tempe vet answers everything and sometimes even goes into more detail than even i was planning.  The exam fee is below average from what i've found and the new building - just around the corner from the old one -is a lot more modern and much much bigger.
3	Good: office is neat and orderly visually appealing Dr. Wells is very knowledgeable and personable most of the staff is very accommodatingNeutral: There's an ancient bag-of-bones cat that roams the office freely. I like him, but if your pet is adverse to cats, then beware.Not so good: even if it doesn't appear to be busy, be prepared to be there for a few hours. I've been there several times and don't think I've ever been there for less than two hours, and that was just for a check-up. One woman in particular always appears to have a million things to do, and she will sometimes be short with you. Other than that, the rest of the staff is very nice and attentive. They will try to milk you for your money. I once spent $200 on tests for what turned out to be run-of-the-mill kennel cough. Today, they tried to convince me to spend $400 on tests. Bottom line: if there's an emergency and your pet's life is on the line, Dr. Wells will take care of it. If you're not sure what's going on and your pet is not in any immediate danger, then maybe find a place that is cheaper.
4	I've always had good experiences here. Everyone seems very competent and professional.
5	Very friendly staff and good prices!
4	I like tempe vet a lot. I've been there a dozen times between a sick cat and old dog. The only reason they don't get 5 stars from me is that I've never been there and not waited 20 minutes to see the doctor. But I've had many positive experiences with Dr. Wells and overall I'm very happy that I take my animals there.
3	Dr. Wells - Awesome, thoughtful and through.  Great for aging cats.  The female Dr. however leaves quite a bit to be desired in her level of care/attention and is ALWAYS in a huge rush.
4	I took my dog to this place today for a cough and viral fever. Dr. Wells was very nice and he explained a lot of things to me. He seemed experienced and skilled. The place is affordable it was easy to get an appointment. Only con I found was that the waiting time there was close to an hour but that might have been because it was my first time visiting there and the paperwork  took some time too. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Dr. Wells has cared for my pets for about a dozen years.  He is calm, knowledgeable, and reasonable in what he expects an average owner to do to treat a sick or aging pet.  He has euthanized two pets for me  (one of them just two weeks ago).  You will not encounter a more compassionate man when this agonizing decision must be carried out.  I have never felt financially gouged, although he is not the cheapest vet in town.  I believe you are paying for his years and years of training and experience.  He knows his stuff.   I have had limited contact with his associate vets, as I try to schedule all my appointments to see Dr. Wells. Cons:  Frequently, the front desk is chaotic.  Wait times to check in/out, ask a question on the phone, or get the vet into the exam room, can be longer than expected, even when taking into account that all vets must see emergencies first.  I think one more front desk person, just to answer calls, would alleviate much of this problem.
1	If you love your animal STOP and take a minute to read this!I scheduled an appointment to have my two kittens declawed at Tempe Veterinary Hospital. They seemed to be a legit place and very nice. I had no reason to think that they were bad in anyway. I brought my cats to them the day of the operation for the declawing and received a phone call about three hours after drop off to be informed that one of cats had died after the operation. The doctor was so incentive and acted like it was just another cat. There story of what happen is very suspicious and I will never know what happened to my poor cat. But the least I can do in her memory is warn others about this place. So if you are considering to bring your loved pet to this place please think about it twice! I wish every day that i did...
1	I want to actually give this place negative stars, but in order to post I had to choose a star value.  I made an appointment for a feline declaw and when scheduling was just told drop off time and to not give my pet food after 10pm.  I was never informed of the person who would be doing the procedure.  During drop off I was asked to sign paperwork and accept the procedure and add additional fluids etc... I was also asked to call around 3pm that day and check in on how the surgery went.  When I did call to check up I was stunned at how Shannon treated me on the phone.  The worst customer service I ever experienced.  She never asked me my name or my pets information and quickly said "he is fine you can pick him up tomorrow at 12pm".  I could not believe that was her answer when she never asked me my name or my pets name so how did she know how the surgery went??  When I told her that she had the same answer and told me she was in the surgery room with the animal and I could pick him up tomorrow.  Again, my cat is a she and there was no additional information given to me.  I could not believe they didn't say more.  I was expecting them to tell me when surgery ended or when she was scheduled to come out of anesthesia and get her medicine.  Nothing.  Saturday upon pick up I got to meet Shannon who was rude and unprofessional in person just like she was on the phone.  I asked to speak with a manager and they were not there.  I asked for them to call me when they got to work and still have not received a call.  I also asked to speak with the vet on staff that day and was told they could not talk to me.  Shannon explained rudely that most customers do not want more information given to them over the phone when they call for check up.  I cannot believe that and I would expect that for the customers that do want more information they should get it.  I get more information when I call my mechanic and check up on my car than I did from this place who is caring for a living, breathing pet.  I was so upset I asked for complete medical records of my pets stay and they could not provide me with that information.  They told me they do not keep normal anesthesia records.  Therefore, God forbid, a pet passes away at the facility they cannot prove or provide records to ensure they did everything they needed to to ensure the safety of the animal.  Upon seeing my cat she was covered in urine and they returned her to me that way and did not even offer to clean her up.  I also arrived with a sheet inside her travel case and one over top that was also not returned to me.  When I asked for it they said it was in the wash and they provided me with a blanket to cover her with.I will never ever go back to this location and I will make sure to tell everyone I know that has an animal not to use this veterinary hospital.  I wish I did not take my pet because I can only imagine how they treated my cat if I got such horrible service.
5	I called last minute when I noticed my dog wasn't acting like himself.  They got us in, and all the employees we encountered were super friendly and awesome.  Even the doc seemed to care about the well being of the animals and of Charlie.  Also they were very reasonably priced, and the office visit was less than that of all the other vets I called but didn't have time for my dog.  We will definitely make this our vet for Charlie
2	Made an appointment for 10:30am, showed up early. Didn't get into a room until 11:30am. Didn't see a doctor until noon. Received decent diagnosis. $120+ to treat UTI in Dog
4	We had Dr. Pifer yesterday for a quick exam for my dog to get caught up on his shot. Front desk staff was very kind and got me in right away. The only thing I didn't like about this place was the fact they take the dog in the back for temperature.  I don't understand why they can't do everything in the room with the owner. The doctor was super informative and took the time to answer my questions. A lot of times vets seem rushed, but he didn't at all. Very pleased and will come back again. Kind of a weird area of tempe, but office was clean and professional.
1	I do Not recommend this place. We brought  in my very sick rescued  kitten . They said he was fine. They really take much time  or trouble to find out what was wrong. They were happy to take my money though. A few hours later We had to take the kitten to an emergency vet clinic. They said he was in bad shape and severely dehydrated. They took the time to find out what  was wrong. I called the Tempe vet clinic a few days later and asked for my money back because they didn't do anything to help our sick kitten . The vet was hateful and refused . We ended up spending a fortune  at the emergency vet clinic because the Tempe vet clinic didn't give the sick kitten the care that he needed. The kitten would have died if he didn't get the fluids and anti nassau medications. If you love your pet DON'T go here .
5	This vet's office is wonderful! About a year ago they saved my puppy's life when noone else would help me because I didnt have 1000's of dollars available. They gave my puppy the emergency care she needed to be treated for parvo at a affordable price. They then sent me me home with a care kit since I couldnt afford to keep her their and taught me how to care for her myself . They were very sweet and caring. I will be forever grateful to them for saving my baby :)
