4	it's fun to stay at the... Y-M-C-A! :) This facility is very clean and in tip-top shape! For as long as I've been coming here, I haven't experienced anything that makes me believe otherwise that catchy line from the song. The staff is always smiling, they have organized programs with times allotted for different activities and what's best is their indoor swimming pool and park for the kids! I'm all about serving the community as a whole and the kids are often forgotten but this place has it all!If you don't mind working out in the a.m. with a few senior citizens, this place isn't too busy. 4 stars for everything this place does. I hate to be a stickler for something some might consider really small but I'm a basketball player and if they got some new basketballs, that'd be awesome! Maybe I'll go and donate one to get them up to speed about replacing the beat up ones :) Support your local YMCA!
4	I joined the YMCA recently this year, after experiencing a few bad gyms, that are either over priced, to small, over crowded, or that they don't have a swimming pool.  I'm sure that this YMCA is fairly new, it may look big on the outside, but its smaller then it looks.  But it does have everything you need to work out.  You really don't need a big gym, to get a workout.  But at least its bigger then the last gym I applied too.  First off, I have to say the staff was nice when we signed up, when we come in to work out and the people at the gym seem to be nice as well.  I have to give a big thanks to the swimming department, since I did go for private swimming lessons.  Lauren was my instructor, who help me get a good grasp on the backstroke, side stroke, and freestyle.  Mainly, I never knew how to swim, but learning 3 type of strokes in 6 weeks, at a decent pace.  It made me feel comfortable about my swimming techniques.  What I like about it, is that, they seem to be more in control on who suppose to be where.  Meaning, you usually don't want to have kids running around, while you work out.  They basically set the standards on kids being where there suppose to be.  So I do like the fact on organizing the kids limitations, but still give kids things to do.  I also like the fact that they do have classes and in their own rooms.  Its not crammed in the same area as the workout area, where you can here grunts, or a person talking over the intercom during a cycling class, when you rather listen to music. Even though, there isn't music being played at the YMCA, but I like the fact that the machines have earphone access to watch TV while you work out.  It does help to pass the time, while you work out.  The only thing, I'm not fond of, is the drive, there's only 3 of them in Las Vegas.  But YMCA is probably one of the best gyms that I trust going to, which isn't overpriced, or not that small.  So if you don't mind the drive, and just need a workout with out the extra noise of classes going on, I would really recommend the YMCA
2	This place really makes me miss my old Y back home.  Why you ask?  Because the one I used to go to was just so much better.  While this Y looks huge from the outside it's poorly set up with one long hallway and small, well, everything.  It has nothing that I want other than a pool and even that is pretty sorry.  (They do have one outside, but I've never been able to use it because it's only open three months of the year.)  Even so the indoor pool is small and seems dirty.  The therapy pool heater has broken and so as far as I know it has not been fixed.  The thing is ice cold, the only good thing about that is the kids seem to leave one alone while in it.They do offer classes, and I have yet to attend one so far.  None are offered in the late afternoon.  I think it might be because they have a senior center in the back that use the rooms during that time.  When we started we were informed that we needed to go to a quick class to learn how to use the equipment.  However no one showed up to do it and I had a feeling that it would be downhill from there.The locker rooms are a joke they are both way too small.  Not only do they have tiny showers with curtains that don't cover anything,  there is barely any room to stand up between the lockers and bench.  The one thing I think is cool is that they have lockers you can rent just in case you didn't bring a lock.  If you can get it to work it's a pretty sweet deal for a quarter.  I used one once and the key got stuck in it.  I pried and tried but to no avail, there was no way I was getting my stuff out of there.  So sadly I went up to the front, told the gals of my plight and they called someone to help.  They told me go wait by the door and someone would be on their way.  I stood back there like a dummy for twenty minutes until my husband was done with his workout.  Another ten minutes go by and still no one shows up.  For some reason, my husband remembers he has a pair of pliers in his gym bag and hands them over.  I bust the lock open with the pliers and leave with my stuff yelling a huffy "NEVER MIND!" to the girls up front.I am really not happy with this Y over all.  I know supporting the community is important but I could get a better value at another gym.  My husband seems to like it though so for now I'm going to stay.  I hope things will improve here, but I'm not holding out much hope.
5	I am surprised by the bad reviews of this gym. No, it's not the biggest/trendiest place in Las Vegas but that's not why I would choose a gym so maybe I just don't get it. Actually, I kind of don't want to post a great review because I that it is not overly crowded...but I will be selfless and not keep it to myself. I have been going here since November '10 and I love it! The cardio room isn't huge but I've never had to wait for a treadmill or elliptical and I have gone during different times of the day.I take my one year old to the daycare and the staff is awesome with her. She has some separation anxiety but they are always encouraging and caring (to both of us, haha) regardless of how fussy she is on a particular day. Lately she has gotten more used to it and has started having fun while being there, which is great!The group classes are my favorite part of the gym. There are so many classes to choose from and are at different times throughout the day. The instructors are high-energy and so wonderful. Hands-down the best instructors of any gym I have even gone to. You have to try Body Burn, Spinning, and Step. I can't comment on the indoor pool because I have never used it but know people that use it all the time and are happy with it.The outdoor pool is nice with slides and a large kiddie pool.Love this YMCA!
2	In 2010, they forgot to give my Kinder garden son his prepaid hot lunches at summer camp. They failed to apply any sunscreen, which they specifically requested we provide.  When I complained, they forgot the lunch AGAIN! and shared his sunscreen with the entire class, consuming the full container in one day.  I had signed him up for several weeks of summer camps, but after two consecutive days of this incompetence, I canceled them all and sent him to Mad Science instead.In 2011, I wanted to sign up the family for the summer to enjoy the pool, paying month to month. This  a very complicated process, which involves billing me for last years summer camp this year, screwing around with the rate, and crediting the overcharge back to my account  "after a few days" They will promise you anything, but you have to stay on top of them or they will do nothing. The director tries to cover for a lot of others mistakes (the exact words of an employee), for me, mistakes got annoying super fast.If you have kids, this YMCA offers very needed services in this area, especially during the summer.  Unfortunately, my experiences were not so great, and didn't live up to expectations.The swim area can be very crowded, the facilities are in good condition.
2	My husband and I went on a tour over a month ago.  The front desk staff is rather icy. Our tour guide was nice however.  We got a week guest pass in the mail and decided to try it out.  It made me miss my Y back home.  The cardio room was small and tight, the locker room was not spacious and the showers were a bit pathetic.  We went to tour another Y today for member appreciation day and went to the Heinrich location.  Very friendly staff who isn't afraid to smile, spacious, huge cardio/weight room and an exercise class schedule that runs ALL day!
5	We absolutely love our YMCA! We've been members for about a year now, and we absolutely love it.  We started off with our free military membership and got the kids into swimming lessons right away.  They started at the bottom and have worked their way up.  I think we know just about every single swimming instructor there, and they are all great!  I've never seen such a group of responsible teens, and I'm very impressed by all of them.We feel like we are a part of a community when we go to the YMCA.  It's not an easy thing to find in a big city.The big lap pool is a bit cold for kids.  My kids' lips are always purple before class is over, which is no good.  They are shivering too much to practice or learn anything.  Someone else mentioned this previously, but it is worth repeating...having only one family restroom with a shower is frustrating.  We sometimes have to wait a long time to get in.   If you are bringing a child with you of the opposite gender and he or she is 4 or older, make sure you get to your lessons early enough that you will have time to get changed and shower.  Make sure you have plenty of time afterward for the same.Kids gym is awesome as well!  My kids LOVE IT!
1	Let's be honest and call this place what it really it: a community rec center. The weight room is a joke.
3	The only reason I go to this gym is because it is free for active military members, the catch is you have to go 8 different times a month to keep it free ! Which isn't too bad of a deal, it just sucks cause its closed on sundays and not open 24 hours a day (Centennial Hills Location).. I mostly go here for the indoor lap pool. Sometimes it is packed that you have to share a lane with someone, just check the pool schedule before going because sometimes they have to close down lanes for swimming lessons or water aerobics class. The pool is standard 25 meters with a max of 4-5ft, I wouldn't suggest doing any underwater exercises without goggles though. Locker room for the pool is really small, only 2 showers and a limited amount of locker space.Other than the pool they offer a diverse amount of classes like yoga, cycle classes, etc that is included, just make sure to grab a schedule. Being free for active military members and discounted for senior citizens, the gym does tend to get packed from time to time.
5	It's clean n very comfortable and friendly as well. My son takes swimming classes here. And they also have preschool which my son will b starting in August. This place is all around convenient for me.
3	Both of my kids have taken two swim classes each here. The part that was frustrating for me was that we had to pay for the $200 YMCA membership and then we had to pay $100 per kid for each of the swim classes on top of the membership fee. I guess it might have been worth it if we had been doing other things at the Y, but we were only there for the swim classes, so basically they charged us $200 just to walk through the door! As for the actual classes, the first class my kids were in was pretty good. Their teacher was Miss Danni and she was very friendly and patient with all the kids in the class. She was in the water the whole time and very good with all the kids. The second class my kids took wasn't as good. I can't remember the instructors name but she would just sit at the edge of the pool most of the time. She would hardly get in the water with the kids! She wasn't very in tune with kids and when the 8 weeks was over my son was devastated because she didn't even fill out the certificates of completion for the class that said they can move up to the next class! She was pretty awful! For the amount of money I paid, I expected and should have gotten a lot more! As for the pool itself, it is a nice pool but it was a bit chilly. My kids never complained about it being to cold though. Lets just say that I wouldn't be jumping into it anytime soon unless it warmed up some! I can't complain about the bathrooms or changing rooms because I personally never went in them, I just sent my kids in to rinse off before and after their class. They would just roll home in their towels. Of course it was always 100+ degrees outside and we live right down the street so a little car ride in their wet swimsuit wasn't going to kill them. Walking through the rest of the YMCA, overall it isn't a very large facility. The basketball courts looked nice. The workout gym looked pretty small.
4	First time here today.Love that there is a lot of areas that can be shaded because of the tents they have up.Love the separate kiddie pool, doesn't have as many bells and whistles as the multigen.Love that they have two slides.Down side(s)-Staff at the front desk. Two sit, but only one is functional. One person is for "non members", and one is for "members only". We stood waiting while the girl helped someone in the "non" line, while the other guy was messing with his computer, and then making eye contact with us, then looking around. no hello, not even a smile., I know it's for safety, that why I feel bad for saying it. But every hour, they do a "swim test" for who ever wants to do jumps off the diving boards, and who ever wants to go down the slide. Who ever completes the test, gets a wristband...even the adults have to take the test. And everyone has to get out of the water, even if you are in the kiddie pool. So, you get about 40 minutes active in the pool at a time.
2	We threw a birthday party for my 11 year old here. I paid $160 for the kids to swim in the pool. The room was bare and we sat around for an hour and a half until we could swim. For the amount I paid I expected a lot more. I thought that they would have games for the kids since the party was for 3 hours. We ended up getting the pool balls and air hockey pucks so the kids had something to do. The party turned out good but with no help from the y staff.
3	It has indoor pool - that's the only reason we come here. The showers are in tragic conditions and only one family friendly shower room, which is also for disabled people, so usually looked. And the general shower area is extremely child unfriendly. Again the only reason we come here is the indoor pool, but otherwise not worth it.
3	Like the facility, but they have way too many members. I constantly have to wait for a cardio machine or lap lanes in the swimming pool, and the daycare is always so packed. Love the daycare staff and daycare area though! Just SO. MANY. PEOPLE.
4	We love the kids work out classes. I have overall enjoyed our membership.The pool was fun for the summer, I just HATE that it is only open 12-5pm, the hottest part of the day. And my hysband never got to come because he works till 5. I wish it was open till like 8pm.Its been a while since I've done daycare, because I coordinate my workout when the kids can take class. But I liked it when I took them almost 2 years ago.
