5	I've been to Starborn Tattoo 4 times now to get piercings and to bring friends to get piercings.  The employees are all really nice and funny.  I could see how some people would disagree, though, because I think you need a good sense of humor to get along with everyone. The prices of piercings are average with anywhere else I've seen and all of the ones my friends and I have received have been quality.  The place is clean and they don't mind filming or bringing multiple friends.  The one downside is the parking.  As a small female it gets a little scary parking there and walking to the building at night but usually someone will walk you out.
5	Sunday evening I was tattooed by Donnie Broussard. I called him Saturday and made an appointment for Sunday, his first appointment of the evening. He was on time and ready to roll. I had a rough design in mind, he took it and made it 1000 times better. He asked me several times how I liked the revisions and made several changes along the way. It was an intricate design and he did a spectacular job with the drawing. He had strong attention to detail and cleanliness and was meticulous with his setup. The tattoo itself turned out beautiful and he charged me far less than I expected to pay, so I gave him a large tip.Should I decide to get another tattoo, I'll wait until I'm back in Las Vegas and can get an appointment with Donnie again. I HIGHLY recommend Starborn Tattoo!
5	I put off getting my first tatoo all weekend, before getting on the road to Phoenix I finally got up the nerve to go to Starborn on Sunday evening (I chose Starborn because Brent took the time to answer some newbie questions over the phone and was very encouraging).  After being EXTREMELY patient with my indecision, and sketching me multiple variations, I was tattooed by Donnie.  He is a true artist, HUGE attention to detail and takes pride in his work.  He made my first tattoo a lot less scary, and has an awesome dry sense of humor.  I was warned that once I got one I would want more, and they were right.  If/when I get another tattoo, I will make another weekend trip to Vegas just to have Donnie do it. Thanks Donnie!
5	Absolutely awesome!  My husband and I have been talking about getting tattoo's (matching) for some time and while we were in Vegas decided to do it - OMG, some of the people on the strip are on crack with the prices - absolutely nuts!  Pay the $10 and grab a cab (they are down by the Stratosphere) so worth it!  We had Derrick - what a great job he did!!  This was my first tattoo and my husbands I don't know but he agreed best place.  I forget the guy's name from the smoke shop next door but he was hysterical - talked to us the whole time.  HIGHLY Recommend - prices are great for Vegas (well, for anywhere really), you can't go wrong!
