5	I always saw coupons and wanted to try Toppers when I was at UNCC, but my loyalty to Papa Johns never allowed it. I tried Toppers a few years ago, and for a while we were ordering the philly cheesesteak pizza, minus mushrooms add banana peppers, once or twice a week. I also really love the potato pizza. I don't order it much though since my husband doesn't like it. We still order from here whenever we get pizza, but not as often as before.
5	First off, I am giving 5 stars because, the pizza is great! Some might say it's pricey, but  the pizza is wonderful and worth the money. Great pizza cost a little more than good. I am also doing 5 stars because, every time I've gone, the service has been excellent. They look like they're enjoying the job, and they do what they can to make sure the customer is happy.  I think my favorites are the Taco Topper and the Buffalo chicken Topper. I will give them a... Damn that's good pizza!Taco Topper: Covered in taco sauce and taco meat, mozzarella cheese, cheddar cheese,  tortilla strips, lettuce, black olives, and green onions. With sour cream and salsa on the sideBuffalo chicken Topper: Mild buffalo ranch sauce, mozzarella cheese, bacon bits, diced buffalo chicken, and topped with more mild buffalo ranch sauceThey got a pretty impressive menu full of AWESOME!I love that there's always a special. There's always a deal that's best suited for me. I bet there's one for you too...http://www.toppers.comDon't take my word for it...check it out for yourself!
4	YEAAAAHHHH! Super pizza specials and fresh ingredients? YES PLEASE. I tell all the guests where I work to give Toppers a try because they deliver quickly, have friendly service, and great food! My personal favorite is cheese and mushroom pizza as you can't ever go wrong with that. A large is around $10. If you're looking for a specialty pizza, be sure to try the philly cheesesteak pizza. It might sound gross, but I assure you, it's delish! The ranch based sauce adds a nice flair to it.I've heard that the subs here, called "grinders" are really tasty.So, if you're ever in the University area and need a pizza delivery place, Toppers will never let you down.The only negative aspect is that there is no seating or pizza by the slice, otherwise this place would get five stars.
4	Great pizza.! Convenient location. The attendant was very nice :-)
4	Love this place. I've only gotten a pizza here a few times but I frequently get the Baconstix and Cinnastix. So good... Their bread is like crack. I've never had a bad order from here. The only downfalls: delivery minimum is $10 (my Stix are about $7... First world problems) and they aren't as cheap as their competitors.
5	Saw a toppers car in my neighborhood so I googled them... The guy in the phone was patient and helpful.. Order arrived delivery in 20minutes, received free breadsticks from Halton park (?) and the delivery guy was nice and gave me a coupon! Super great experience for my first time! Food was hot and yummy! Def gonna use them again! I also called the store n talke to manager to tell him my experience he was super nice! 5 stars! Will call again!
5	Tried their pizza for the first time tonight instead of getting my usual topperstix.Ordered a Myza (small personal pizza) that was basically a meat lovers style pizza. Was told it would take 35-40 minutes but it only took about 20 which is great. While they are more expensive than the other pizza joints they definitely use some fresher ingredients, high quality chese, and put love into everything that they make. It definitely is worth the extra couple dollars.
4	Fresh Pizza Tons of Choices! I had Garlic- Parmesan wings. 9" Meat Trio Pizza! LOVED - LOVED - LOVED - LOVED  GARLIC PARMESAN WINGS!! Helpful StaffUnique Pizza Combinations DISLIKED - DISLIKED - DISLIKED It was totally my fault, but I didn't eat my pizza fast enough and it changed the texture and taste of the crust..
2	The pizza looks so much better than it tastes...My husband and I will never be going to toppers again. In college we ordered from toppers and remember it being fine...of course we were intoxicated and they were open late so anything would be at least worth eating. I'm sure that's why their University location has 4 stars. We have not eaten there in years but won a gift certificate and used it. The service in the store was great. The food looked amazing. When I got it home and bit into it, it was a huge disappointment. My husband got one of their specialty pizzas and I built my own and we were both disappointed. Even though we had the gift certificate and only had to pay $10 for the two pizzas it wasn't worth the trip or the $10. Luckily we didn't pay full price for them and now we know we never will. There are some amazing pizza joints in Charlotte if you're willing to pay what Toppers charges for their pizzas but even Pizza Hut had better flavor than this place.
