2	Taxco is the latest incarnation of restaurant in this space, but that may not mean it is the best. It isn't bad, by any means - in fact, the service is actually quite good. The food, however, is a bit lacking. Even the fajitas do not feel like they want to come to the party, as the cast iron skillet doesn't want to sizzle. You can put your hand on directly on there without any protection (not suggested in all circumstances).It is hard to put my finger on the exact problem - everything tasted okay, it just had no pop to it - almost like the cook(s) forgot to add seasoning to everything. About the only thing that had any flavor the night we tried was the salsa that came with the chips - and it was not so hot that it killed off everything else, so I don't think that was it.Since they just opened, maybe they haven't received their seasonings yet.
4	I tried Taxco for dinner a few days after it opened.  The decor was comfortable Mexican but not too tacky.  Plenty of tables to handle the dinner rush.  I ordered the large combination of tex mex fare.  The food came quickly and was hot.  Unfortunately the flavor was bland.  I was hoping it would be spicy with some heat.  The meat in each dish lacked spices, almost to the point of being plain hamburger in the burrito and tostada.  Even the chile poblano had no heat whatsoever.  The margaritas were excellent and reasonably priced.  The service was also excellent.  I will be going back and trying some of the more traditional Mexican fare.
2	This is actually the first time I have written a food review. I was really excited to see a Mexican restaurant coming to this area.I have a few guys I work with that live in the Cornelius area that have eaten at that location and said good things about it,especially the Margaritas.We tried Taxco 12/24/12. The inside was done nicely to suit a Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were good not great. Unfortunatley the Margarita was on the bottom of the list with worst ever and we actually ordered top shelf. I ordered the Cesina as the menu description looked really good. The steak was honestly so thin there would have been no way to cook it and it not be completely dry and it lacked any taste at all. The plate came with rice, not much taste at all,re-fried beans,more soup like,and a small bowl of lettuce with only a few diced tomatoes and onions on top. It looked unappetising and tasted about the same. The service was so that they actually brought each one at the table their food seperately about 2 minutes apart on each.I really want to like this place as it is minutes from our house. I think I will give it another chance and try a more commonly ordered dish. As far as the Margaritas I would recommend passing on, even if they were free.I will review again if I re-visit.
5	Awesome place to eat. Service was great! Food was excellent. Best mexican restaurant i have been to in a very long time. Will most definatly be going back.
1	I've been by this place a thousand times and decided that I would stop by yesterday, I thought it was going to be great.  Well I was soo wrong it sucked really bad the best thing I had was the chips they give you.  I ordered fajitas and you should never be able to go wrong with fajitas but these were really bad, mine had no flavor in any kind of way I believe they cut up a whole onion and put it in my box it was just really unpleasant.  Will not be going back, however the waitress was really nice.
3	There really isn't much I can say that Chad E. didn't say. I think his review is absolutely spot on. The service is great, friendly staff that are quick and constantly kept the refills coming. The location is ok, the decor is ok, everything is ok. Large portions, not too expensive, but the food tastes a little bland. Certainly not bad, but as Chad said, a bit lacking. Everything lacks flavor and tastes the same. That being said, it wasn't a bad experience. I suggest trying Taxco if you're in the Mint Hill area and want Mexican, but don't go out of your way for it.
4	Good food and excellent service. They have an extensive vegetarian menu which is a nice break from the typical "side salad solution" at most restaurants. I thought the food was very flavorful and the restaurant looks clean enough. That said, the recent 95.0 sanitation rating leaves a little to be desired. Good lunch choice - particularly for the "meat averse".While maybe not the most authentic or the absolute best Mexican you're ever going to find, the food is good and it's an excellent choice for lunch and an alternative that's sorely needed in Mint Hill. I really hope this restaurant works out where so many others have failed in the same space.
4	Good food, service is slow but they are very nice, prices are right. Great addition to Mint Hill food!
3	After watching the last restaurant in this space (The Palmetto Grill) struggle for a while, and never really recover, I have vowed never to review a newly opened restaurant again.  Now that we have been here 4 or 5 times, I am happy to say that every time they get better.  Yes, the food was *yawn* in the beginning and the service was a bit...scattered, but they have come along nicely.  We still like Azteca's food much better, but for walking distance in Mint Hill, it's not bad.  The margaritas are excellent (which is another reason to walk), reasonably priced and frequently on special..in fact....they have drink specials most nights.The guacamole is fresh, but pretty boring.  (Perhaps once you have Azteca's guacamole made before your eyes at your table, you are ruined for life?).   You can order "half orders" of a lot of their appetizers, (the hot queso is excellent) which is a nice touch.My favorite entree so far is the enchiladas with the mole sauce. Three Enchiladas, your choice....chicken, beef or cheese, topped with mole sauce and melted cheese. Served with rice and beans.  The rice is good..the beans...meh.  The partner likes the Chile Verde, big tender pieces of pork in what I understand to be some really good verde sauce. Service has gotten much better (much more friendly and efficient), chips are warm and fresh, salsa is ok.  HINT:  If you like spicy (as we do) ask your server for the "Hot Salsa" they keep hiding in the back (my guess is habanero), mix it with the house salsa and you are good to go!  If you are looking for something in the area, want to have a drink or two...maybe pick up a little Mexican... (food!) ...you won't be disappointed with Taxco.
1	Don't go.  Food was horrible.  It all tasted like spaghetti o's.  My "salad" was just shredded iceberg ..so disappointed.  Waiter was nice and polite.
3	My friend and I LOVE going out for Mexican food.  We decided to give this place a try and it was pretty descent.  Salsa is spicy & cheese dip is basic cheese dip- nothing fancy.  We love our spinach quesaDILLAS and these are by far the best we have had in Charlotte.  Well, Mint Hill too;)  Took a while for someone to come to our table but I wouldn't say the service is either bad or great.  They DO have great drink specials.
4	Good food and great service.  Their lunch menu is very reasonably priced with many different combinations.   I have been here many times and have always been greeted with a smile.  The chips and salsa are delicious and the salsa has a kick.  The wife and I enjoy the Fajitas which is an enormous portion.  $2 drafts were the special today and I said yes please!
3	Food is 4 stars; service from whom I assume is the owner's wife, is zero stars. Service from the other wait staff is 5 stars. Great margaritas, great food, but the owner's wife acts like someone licked the red off her candy. We go back to Azteca now because I won't tolerate abrasive service. On the other hand, the owner himself is super nice. He needs to leave the wife at home.
5	Love this place.Friendly staff that always make you feel welcome. Great food and very reasonable prices.I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Definitely one of my favorites. I'm constantly craving the cheese dip (is that a bad thing?). Every time I go usually get either chimichangas or a naked burrito. Every once in a while I stray to something else. Most of their dishes aren't too spicy, so if you need that extra kick you can ask for it. They also have daily drink specials that are an awesome deal. I usually go for a margarita though! Its nice to come to a Mexican restaurant that's not so overwhelming with decorations and over-stereotypically dressed servers (like Don Pedro's or Azteca, because it's annoying). The owners are awesome people! When it's slow in there I usually get a few conversations with them and they're really nice.
4	Good Mexican Food, though not on par with other Mexican restaurant Azteca- Matthews, NC. Taxco- Mint Hill has a nice family atmosphere and great wait staff that make the visit to the restaurant worth while. Take out orders processed very quickly. Have gone several times.
4	Food was very good. The service was fast and friendly. The price is on par with most Mexican restaurants. The restaurant was clean and pleasant.
3	Its nice to have some variety in the neighborhood. This is a quality Mexican restaurant. The place is a little divey but the food is really good. I came here for lunch during the work week and it was quiet. Service was good and food came out fast. I ordered the combination with two enchiladas (chicken and beef) and it was very good. A nice place to grab lunch if you work in the area. I'l be back to try some of their specials and take out service.
5	Just finished eating here! And couldn't leave  without writing a review. Their service was wonderful and the food was even better. The choripollo was excellent big portions for under 8 bucks. Great lunch specials can't wait to come back when we are in town.
5	The food was delicious it was a great price ,great customer service ,fast ,just hands-down overall good restaurant
4	We went to the Mint Hill location of Taxco after learning that our sweet Fredy has been "restationed" there, and as usual find the best Mexican food in town !!! Love the salsa!!! The quacamole is delish and the quesadillas never disappoint! We are frequent flyers of this establishment at all their locations and have always found them to be very hospitable. If you are in the Mint Hill location Fredy will take care of you! He has a special gift of knowing how to make people feel welcome and as if you a 'special' guest every time!
5	One of my favorite Mexican  places around! They are the only place my picky husband likes. He can get grilled chicken nachos without the pepper/onions most places put on nachos. I love the chile  poblano. Best around!
5	Great steak burrito lunch plate.  Complimentary chips and salsa.  Very satisfied.  Yum!!
