4	Oh Skinny Dugan's.  Back in the day it was my underage drinking establishment of choice.  It's still not a bad place to go if you're in the neighborhood to grab a drink or even some food.  (As far as bar food goes, Skinny's pretty much can't be beat.)  The clientele ranges from the older, video poker playin' crowd to corporate sports teams having after-game drinks to families from down the street just trying to get some grub.  The bartenders, owners and waitresses are very friendly and attentive as well.  Not a lot of character, but lots of heart.
4	I always hear the back-in-the-day stories about Skinny Dugan's but I didnt live here then. I do live here now and they have recently reopened their doors with a huge remodel from what I'm told. The separate dining area is perfect for families and has small plasma screen tv's at each table. The bar area has HD flat screens over the bar and a very friendly and attentive wait and bar staff. One thing that mad me laugh was that they also have free wi-fi. So if you are the person that can't escape the office or the fantasy football fanatic they have something for you.Check out the VIP room in the back.The menu is very large with food ranging from the classic corn dog appetizers to great pizza. They have 24 hour breakfast which is unusually hard to find of the strip in this 24 town. The food is consistently good here.
4	My friend Andrew invited me out a few weeks ago to Skinny Dugan's to grab a beer with a friend of his.  I had never heard of the joint, and neither did my GPS, but Google helped me find this casino/bar.  I must say, I was really surprised to see how nice it was inside.  We hung out in the VIP room to the left of the entrance, which had plush seating and a bunch of huge big screen TV's.  The bartender was super friendly, and I guess they have food specials there sometimes.  We didn't eat there, but I was tempted.  I definitely plan to go back and check this place out further when I have more time.
3	Skinny DUgans reopened with a bang last year after being closed for renovations for about two plus years. And..now..it ..is.. CLOSED again-boarded up.  Don't blink folks--support your favorite business before it goes away!!'
4	It is a beautiful bar, separate non smoking dining room, and a cigar area with lots of tvs and cigars available to buy. Also they have Chicago brewing company beers on tap, very awsome!
4	The food is the star if the show here!  Don't get me wrong, the place has been remodeled and looks GREAT inside.  The dining area is totally separate from the bar so you can enjoy smoke free eating.  The ribs at $15.95 are a BARGAIN!  They have SO much meat on them.  You cannot and will not find better for the money ANYWHERE!  Not even Ellis Island.  You can't beat their quality and price.  For you cigar lovers, check out Doc's Cigar Lounge....On West Charleston, West of Valley View...Enjoy!
5	The food is incredible here! Don't be deceived by the outside decor, this place is aces all the way!!! Best food in town, the kitchen is open 24/7, I only have been a handful of times, and each time was late at night, and each time the food was amazing! They offer happy hour specials, and the inside bar is totally remodled, I was very impressed, and the staff is super friendly, skinny dugans is las Vegas best kept secret, this place is 5 stars!!! I highly highly recommend you go. And BTW, they are OPEN, not closed. It's time to change the picture, thank you.
3	I came here last night too help celebrate friend birthday. I never been in here before but heard through the grapevine Skinny Dugan been around for long long time. They just recently went through some major renovations. So have no idea what the place looked like before. I can tell you the place looks lot nicer then you think from looking on the outside and the area it located in. Inside not really much talk about find it like lot of other small bars around town. Mostly filled with poker/multi game machines BUT there is one thing that stood out there little cigar room. It nice small size room with multiple wide screens, little bit selection of cigars can buy, and think nice little room get together small group. The birthday party about that size 15-20 people. The service was great! The waiter that was taking care of the room friendly and great job of keeping up with bunch of drinkers. They serve food and have enclosed separate area just for dining. I only tried the chicken nachos. Honestly. It was not very good at all. It was about as bland as you can imagine. The cheese was nothing special, not lot of chicken on top, and something not order again. Other friends in the group order food they enjoyed it. Overall I thought it was alright place too hang out with friends. The service staff was great just too far for me.
3	Great bar food, friendly staff but kind of sad and lonely. I must say it was about 4PM on a Wednesday afternoon so I'm sure it picks up in the evening. Since it wasn't crowded the smoke situation was pretty non existent, well except for friend who just can't quit his habbit.
1	When I lived in this part of town years ago, this was my regular spot.  Back then it was Skinny Dugan's Pub.  Stopped in this weekend.  Maybe my expectations are skewed, but it was terrible.  I didn't even finish my 1 drink and had to leave.It was clean enough.  Just dead, no crowd, no life, no interest from the bartender.  Guess I was hoping for more.
4	I've been here half a dozen times since the new management took over in 2012.The place is very clean. Friendly staff. The best bar food I've had in a long time.If I lived closer this would be a regular hang out for me.
4	I've been to Skinny's many times. I'm pretty new to Vegas and it was recommended to me. Staff is great, friendly and very helpful. I usually have their breakfasts and they are all great. I'm a cigar smoker and they are cigar friendly and even have a cigar lounge with 6 or 8 flat screens. They don't hassle you if you want them to change a channel.A cigar smoking buddy and I were out late and were trying to find a place where we could smoke and have a drink and maybe a bite. I mentioned Skinny's and said "no, it's a dive!" I said I don't know if we are talking about the same place. We went and he could not believe it was the same place he had been to years before. We sense have been back many times.Great food, helpful friendly staff and really reasonable prices for food and beverages. Oh, and they welcome cigar smokers.
4	I was really surprised at this place. They have a few beers on tap that are made in Vegas and the bartender was cool enough to put the Kings game on. He even changed the audio to it as well. Prices were very reasonable and even served beers in proper glassware. Basically, it looks like they give a crap.Good times!
5	Great service , Cold beer, and their ribs are awesome:)
5	My favorite local bar. Location is spot on for me, I can see the skinny dugans bar from my front patio. Takes me 3 mins to walk there. Score! Don't be fooled by the sometimes bare parking lot, its a really great place for drinks, food and watching games. I was never a fan of bar food until I started eating/drinking at skinnys. They have the Best happy hour. White pizza and the spicy bbq wings are my favorite. Also all the bartenders have their own take on a bloody mary and they are all good. Murphey is one of my favorite bartenders there, jesse is a great server as well. I don't get to go to skinnys as much as I used to, but I do make it a point to go by when I can. :-) cheers!
4	Great pizza , beer , and coffee. Went late at night and everyone was great and helpful. Would definitely go back again. Excellent hole in the wall kinda place
4	It's actually called "Skinny Dugan's Casino." Not sure where the "pub" part comes in the name. I might have missed it.A nice neighborhood bar with lots of regulars and "normal" people (a.k.a. not people from out of town). Everyone was friendly and lots of televisions for sports. Yes, they do have slot machines. It's still Vegas.They have a cigar smoking clientele and, from what I was told by several people, this is THE place to go if you're a cigar smoker.I stuck with liquid dinner instead of ordering real food. Must be good 'cause there were several dozen people in the dining room having dinner.
4	This was our  first time here. It was better than we expected.  The prices were reasonable.  We were here during happy hour so wine was only $4 per glass. Our food was good. We wish their menu was a little more extensive.  Our server was Jesse. He was very helpful & attentive to our needs.  Well definitely bank.
5	Went here for breakfast the other day and it was fantastic! My husband got the chicken fried steak which was delicious. I got the French toast and my daughter got pancakes. Both were so fluffy and flavorful! The portions were huge and the prices were so cheap. They have a separate eating area so it's okay to bring kids even though it's a bar. It's extremely clean inside which is really nice to see. We will be back again.
5	Good bar. Love the micro brews! Nice and clean, fair prices, and nice staff. Haven't tried the food yet, but I hear it's good.
2	I dont know what it is but EVERYTIME we come here the big bearded bartender works so hard to ensure that his tip is nonexistent.  He IGNORES us. I just watched him walk around and empty everyone ashtray and get them drinks but its like we're INVISIBLE! ! We come here once a week to eat and JESSIE is our amazing server but this sullen slow moving bartender sucks!! The only thing we can count on from him is HORRIBLE SERVICE.  Owners take note and do something.  And you wonder why business is slow..I think his name is Eric. HELP
