4	Tokyo Discount is a etc. and more type store. It has all kinds of cute character stuff and tchotchkes of the Japanese variety. I've known about the others around town and was curious to see one here in North Vegas by the Costco. I happened to be there on the first day of business since I was next door at Pink Spot Vapors getting my MIL some e-liquid and noticed that the space finally looked open.If you love Hello Kitty, that's a majority of the cute they have here. From stuffies to purses to lunch boxes to jewelry they probably have it. They also have other characters like other Sanrio characters, cute sushi stuffies, Domo, Totoro and a few cosplay items. They have an area of various bento type boxes, bento accessories and decoration, kitchen accessories, pretty tea and plate sets. They have a small amount of Japanese snacks and a small fridge of cold beverages. I zeroed in on the fact they have green tea kitkats so I grabbed a bag of that and they had a small bag of green tea latte kitkats with plain chocolate on the bottom. I was pleased to see a Totoro section as that is one of the few characters that I really have a attachment to. I actually own nothing that is Totoro so the BF decided to buy me one of the stuffed toy/pillows. It's now happily living it's life as my typing elbow rest and scaring the beejesus out of the cat. The people working here seem like it's a family and were very sweet. Upon checking out they also gave us a bonus gift of a sandwich box bento. On our way out, each one took the time to stop and thank us for coming in and greeted us goodbye at the door and the last guy to greet us double checked if we got a sandwich bento. Everything you expect out of a Japanese run business - sincere, humble and almost painfully too good to you. Super happy there's a place with some kit kats convenient to home. I don't buy a lot of cutesy things, but I can see myself coming here often for the snacks and also I do love bento boxes. They don't really have a website or online presence so I don't think people even know this place has opened. Now you know - so go and support some our locals!
5	A lot more open isles and not as cluttered as the other location.  A little more friendly here
4	Whoot for things I didn't buy in Japan years ago, but are now down the street from me. I will have to physically stop myself from buying everything in here; and I mean, they have everything you could want to be a nerdy Japanese lover.For one, they have an entire section for Sailor Moon. Enough said on that.Two, they have all the little knick knacks you could want for bento boxes, and anything remotely cute that you wouldn't otherwise need (I have recently discovered I now must have mini pandas to put on my sandwiches). Three, they have a section of imported foods, mostly what you can normally get at any store now that has jumped on the pocky bandwagon- but the most important part about this is that they have Green Tea, Orange, and Hazelnut Kit Kats. Most people will be more interested in the Green Tea ones, but personally I found the orange ones to be very tasty. They also carry a section of Japanese imported hair products and such (ie: Electric white hair dye) and some regular Japanese imports like Geisha dolls and dishware. It is a very small shop, but most people will be able to find something here to scream about.
5	This location is a bit far from where i live, but i'm in the area very often.  Tokyo Discount carries a variety of japanese products ranging from pencils and pens, cookware, to plushies and throw pillows of popular anime shows. I come here to browse their snacks and posters.my last visit here i happened to spot an airsoft rifle on top of the fridge, i do love airsoft and if i see one randomly i jump for joy. Even though i wasn't buying it, the lady working there was so nice as to grab a stool, take down the heavy airsoft gun and even open it up for me to hold it. If i can recall correctly, the airsoft gun was an AGM MP40 , all metal construction, great weight and so on, but getting off topic on what this review is for!! LOL down to it, random airsoft gun in a cutesy asian storeEverytime i walk in i like to take my time and browse the aisles even if i'm not into hello kitty or sailor moon, i still walk and take a look. The lady i see there often is very nice and she is so caring, overall i give a 5/5 for cleanliness, great customer service, and the prices are actually not tooo bad.
3	I was so excited when I heard about this place that I couldn't wait to check it out.  I went to the store as soon as I found out about the name.  As soon as I opened the door I was so excited. Reminded me of the sanrio store back home but with more goodies.  Tons of snacks and japanese food to remind me of home.Don't let the name fool you.  There is nothing discount about this store.  I can get the food/drinks cheaper at Walmart and/or Amazon.I ended up not buying anything because I felt like price wise I was being taken advantage.  Anyone who has been to Hawaii knows how expensive things are there.  However, the prices listed for the the stuff is way more than what I would of paid in hawaii.Don't get me wrong, this is a cute little store and I wish them all the best but i will be purchasing my stuff from either chinatown or amazon and have it delivered to me for free on my doorstep.
4	I love this shop!  So much cute stuff.  Yes, it will run you a little expensive, but they have such neat things.  I've gotten wall-hangings and dishes, not to mention candies (Meltykisses are my favorite).  Service here is very good, I've always enjoyed myself having a look around, and everyone seems extremely nice and helpful.My only sad-face point is that, as a dedicated Japanophile, the "kimonos" and yukata they sell are /not/ authentic in the slightest.  Even still, they are pretty.  I would love it if they would bring in real kimonos/obis to sell in the shop.  However, this doesn't affect my enjoyment of the shop and I still love it.
4	Who knew that this little amazing shop was hidden in a strip mall next to best buy? My daughter, who loves anime and cosplay had asked about this place. When I pulled up the yelp reviews and she saw the pics, she begged me to take her. This shop is full of Asian treasures, from makeup and facial treatments to food and cookware even hello kitty purses and jewelry. The anime merchandise is what my daughter was ecstatic about. The selection and prices were great! Check this out if you're in the area.
5	Fun shop a little pricey but worth it. The girls who work here are very friendly, and nice.This shop carries food items, like pocky, tea, and ramune. The day I came in they got a new shipment of contacts in a bunch of fun colors from blue to purple.They have cute alpaca plushies too. I bought a cute makeup bag, and a cute coffee tavel mug with a lucky cat on it.
5	Only store in the north of it's kind.  Love coming here with my girls. One is into kpop and this is the spot she can buy cd's or posters. The other likes hello kitty and pucca, she loves looking and sometimes buying the stuff. I come when I'm craving green tea or strawberry kit kat.
5	I Love it. They have so many unique gifts and food. Imported from Japan. A little pricey but so worth it. I wanted to buy the tea sets, sushi purses, and drinks. I definitely will be going back. Customer service was good too.
5	The place is packed with stuff! From the outside I thought I could just walk In And out- boy was I wrong! I was in there a while looking at everything.  They have a huge variety of stuff in there- kitchen items, purses, toilet drops that eliminate smell, pens, shirts, trinkets, a grocery section, etc.  awesome store just to check out even if you don't want to purchase anything. But once your in there I'm sure you'll find something you just have to have
4	It's a pretty nice place, especially if you're a fan of anime or even the Japanese culture as a whole. It IS a bit pricey, but not terribly bad. This store literally has a whole wall dedicated to hello kitty alone. They've got t-shirts, hats, plushies, candy, figures, and more! If you have any type of interest in the place, I suggest at least stopping by!
5	Very cute, well stocked store. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It's a great place to hit up if you love Hello Kitty or any Japanese merch.
5	After living in the area for almost a year my daughter & I finally checked this place out and  so glad we did :) Now we don't have to drive all the way to Tokyo World at The Galleria Mall. They have a nice selection of everything & anything Japanese such as Sanrio, anime, housewares, beauty products, snacks, etc... They also have some kpop items available. Tokyo Discount reminds me of stores I frequented growing up In Hawaii. The girl who was working was informative & friendly. Store is cute & clean.
5	This store is awesome! It always has something that I want to try. I usually go here to get some Japanese candies and give them a try no matter what the flavor.  Lately I have been on the hunt for different flavors of kitkats! They usually have the green tea, dark chocolate, strawberry, and lately they have the custard where you have to bake it a little and it comes out tasting great! They also have my shaldan air fresheners, the squash  smells awesome! My lady loves this place as it has alot of products and things that she is interested in. Its a great store, very clean, workers here are always friendly and very helpful. Def a store that I will make a regular stop to  whenever I can as they always have something new to check out!!
5	Really great store that has lots of hello kitty and tokidoki merchandise! Also lots of anime stuff too! Super friendly staff and a really great location too!
4	If you want/ need some Japanese treats, sauces, toys and small items...Tokyo Discount is your small neighborhood store just for that.Sanrio characters such Hello Kitty, My Melody, Bad Badtz Maru, Little Twin Stars; Studio Ghibli/ Hayao Miyazaki characters such as Totoro, Neko bus and more; Rilakuma, etc. Green tea, Kewpie, Pocky, green tea Kit Kat, strawberry Kit Kat, Ramune, crackers, candies, chocolates, chips and nori. They have tea sets, bowls, earthenware, decors, mugs, chopsticks and lunch boxes. Bathroom supplies, slippers, fans, plushies, key chains, phone cases, stationeries, pens, pencils, calculators and office supplies.The store is small so they try to fit everything in a compact space. It's a happy place.
