4	4 years ago my husband got Molly Maid's service for me as a wedding present.  It is the gift that keeps giving (at least every two weeks)...  =)  I love coming home to clean house.  And it love that they folder your toilet paper like the hotels!!!
5	I've been using this branch of Molly Made for around 3 years. They are very polite, show up on time, and do a great job. I have tried two other services (as I have never had a cleaning service before, I wanted something to compare to) and they didn't do anywhere near as thorough of a job as Molly Maid.Being a 30 year old bachelor, I only use the service when absolutely necessary to do those cleaning jobs I don't feel equipped to handle. You know, like, everything and anything involving cleaning.Even if you only use them twice a year for a little bit of an extra thorough cleaning to go along with your normal routine, I highly recommend using Molly Maid.ps. All of the ladies have been very friendly and always seem to be in great moods. Unfortunately, they are usually quite a bit older than me. I keep hoping that a trio of girls my age will show up! I guess that only happens in the movies and in imaginations.
1	I just moved to AZ from Orange County, CA where I spent $100 MAX for a 3 bedroom 2 bathroom home with a living room, dining room and den that was cleaned in an hour and half. This was my first time using MM and I will NEVER use them again. Such a rip off! I was quoted at $70 an hour (min 1.5 hrs, the quote said it would be between 1.5 and 2 hours to clean the space I asked about) and told that two people would come to clean my home. They asked the sqft and I told them it was 1600, but not the whole place would be cleaned. I just needed 2 bathrooms, 1 bedroom, living room, kitchen and dining room (which only has a dining table in it). 3 women showed up and took 3 hours to clean!!!!!! They also charged me extra for the 3rd person!!! There is NO WAY it should've taken that long and I should never have been charged for an extra person. To make matters worse, their customer service is AWFUL. When I called to express concern I got no sympathy and NO APOLOGY and the guy just argued with me. He also mentioned that they charge $65/hr (so why was I quoted $70 and charged OVER $70?! - $245 total for 3 hours - we couldn't even question the cleaners as they didn't speak enough English). Seriously lacking in customer service - had he not been such a jerk and at least TRIED to make me happy or even just ACTED like he cared I wouldn't be swearing MM off forever. I was lied to and ripped off and really caution against using this company.
