5	Wow, the students at this place are too much fun.  A lot of music, smiles, and hard work.  If anyone is interested in learning capoeira and taking part in a piece of Brazilian culture, this is definitely a good place to visit.  Also they have classes 7 days a week.
5	I have been with the group for the last 5 years. The group is very friendly and the instructor very knowledgeable about Capoeira. Definitely the place to train in the valley.
5	Awesome workout, check. Taking part in Brazilian culture, check. Very knowledgeable and talented instructor who knows how to teach, check. Fun people from different backgrounds, check. I wouldn't have stayed for close to 7 years if this place was not amazing in every way.
5	My wife and I had been racking our brains to try and figure out a good activity in which our three year old daughter could get involved.  We thought about dance. We contemplated martial arts. We couldn't decide on either. So, instead, we picked both! We searched the internet for different capoeira locations. Most of the sites said that the activity was more suited for children four and up. Capoeira Brasil said that children would be taken on a case by case basis. So, we decided to see if our daughter was up to the task. The first instructor we met was Mr. Fogo. He was very patient with Mackenzie. He put her through some basic moves, stretches, etc. Mackenzie LOVED it!Ultimately, they said that she could keep coming back for classes if she wanted to. They also mentioned that they were just really restarting the children's program. So, for a few months, it was one-on-one instruction. What a fantastic learning opportunity!It has been 6 months since we starded bringing Mac to capoeira classes. She has shown amazing improvement thanks to the wonderful instructors at the school. My wife and I are confident that we have begun our daughter down the pathway to a healthy and exciting life because of her instruction at Capoeira Brasil Tempe!
5	My daughter Mackenzie has been coming here for about 4 months and absolutely loves it! The kids class is very well organized and is is a great way for kids of all skill levels to get a basic understanding of Capoeira.  My daughter gets so excited for Saturdays now because she knows she's going to have a blast!
