3	Finally, someone got smart and decided to open a Metro Pizza in Henderson! I no longer have to fight UNLV students on their lunch break for a nice booth and some pizza. The new location I believe is better than the original. It has a full bar area, a party room, and regular dining room. There is also a separate wing for pick up orders so you don't have to trek all the way through the restaurant in your pj's and slippers. The pizza is great on its own, but the nuclear fries are so good, I would go just for those. They are spiced and have a bit of a kick, and make the perfect addition for a pie. They also have a variety of beers on tap, which also obviously pairs well with pizza. Avoid the weekend evenings though because the hype around the new restaurant is still prevalent. It's packed. Lunch is the best time, and things stay pretty quiet. Recommended pizza: The margherita.Recommended beer: Hefeweizen with some lemons.
2	We went here last year a few days after they opened.It wasn't the best I've had nor the worst.I had a calzone which was pretty tasty, but  a bit bland.  My mom's pasta was very bland & boring.It is cute inside & the service was decent.We haven't gone back since...
4	I had heard a lot about Metro Pizza.  Everyone raves about it.  I was pleasantly surprised.  A multitude of choices.  I had a specialty pizza topped with Fra Diavlo sauce, calamari and shrimp.  It was terrific.  Fresh ingredients and proper preparation.  Spot on.  I will be back again very soon.
4	Great pizza and everything else.Service is good and the pizza doesn't take too long to come to your table after you order it. The pizza crust is just perfect and finally a Nevada pizza that is on the mark! Individual size pizza is perfect for 2 and a salad is all we ever need. The place is doing well and everytime we've been in there it was busy. There are some other nice pizza places in the area and I hope they stay around, but this place is hard to beat.
5	This is the best pizza in Vegas.  I love thick crust and lotsa cheese, and the "Metro" has both in spades!  My husband loves the Gotham - loaded with meats and veggies on a thinner than average crust.The salads are huge and tasty - their house italian dressing is mindblowing.  The fresh baked bread that comes along with it can easily make a salad a meal!I miss my hometown pizza grotto in San Diego, but Metro Pizza has become a great stand-in!
5	I'm not a local, so I don't know if this is the best pizza in LV - but I can absolutely say Metro (Henderson) has the BEST MARGHERITA PIZZA EVER. And their house Italian (?) dressing is enough to bring me back for more. I could eat salad straight for a week if I had this dressing! It's "like candy". ;-) I already thought their food was great after just the salad and bread (dip that in the dressing, too!); but the margherita pizza put Metro over the top in my book.So, Metro Pizza Guys, when are you coming out to NorCal? :-))
3	The office manager at work decided to buy everyone lunch today - presumably because we are all just awesome people - or maybe because we were super busy and she didn't want anyone to leave for lunch in fear we would not come back.  Either way, enter Metro Pizza! ta da!Figuring that everyone likes pizza, she ordered a large one of each of the basics food groups:pepperoni & cheeseveggieeverything but the kitchen sinkHawaiianand plain cheeseI thoroughly enjoyed the pepperoni and cheese - greasy good.  The hawaiian (you'd think ham and pineapple, right?) was a surprise.  Apparently Metro calls it the "Honolulu" and its got all this extra crap on it - onions, bell peppers,and bacon bits.  I was less than thrilled at having to remove all the excess crap to fulfill my craving for hawaiian.  But, the crust was good, and the extra pepperoni slice I had made up for it.I didn't dare touch the veggie - it looked crazy - cucumber, onions, all sorts of bell peppers and artichokes.   yuck.  But I didn't hear any complaints from the rest of the crowd and that pizza was devoured, so I guess it was pretty good.The delivery guy was the BEST.  He offered us plates, napkins, etc, even though we didn't ask for them.  All in all, not a bad (free) lunch.
2	i will never understand, why this place has such raving reviews.i like my pizza either nasty (pizza hut thick crust) or delicious (pizzeria mozza in la)i think metro pizza is somewhere (or nowhere!) in between. we arrived late on a saturday night (around 9.25), but we were told that it was open till eleven. we were one of three tables but the service took forever.the server was rude and after i pointed it out he was arrogant for the rest of the night. i ordered a glass of sparkling wine and he came back after five minutes saying theyre out. they did not have the beer my boyfriend ordered either, but he did inform us about that right away. i did not know they served bread, and wouldnt know if a food runner did not ask us if we wanted some. some minutes later i asked the waiter about it and he said theyre still baking it. you can only understand my surprise when the bread came out burned and inedible. good think it probably wasnt good to begin with, or i would have been even more mad.i ordered a margharita pizza (safe choice, because i was already pissed) and it was barely average. it sucks they sat us as such a small table, because by the time mine and my boyfriends pizza arrived, we had no room for plates to share. moreover, the prices are a little outrageous.. you can go to Settebello's in the district and enjoy a delicious pizza with authentic ingredients, in a better atmosphere.overall, i was looking forward to try this place but it was a big bustwish i remembered the name of the server, or i would say to NEVER have him.. i gotta start writing stuff downdon't go there!
4	I love their pizza. Full of flavor and thick and fresh out of the oven. The presentation of the pizza makes you very hungry and does a good job matching its taste. Plenty of topping and really satisfying.
1	wow really, i read the reviews and was expecting at least a good pizza, and this was one of the worst pizzas i have had, the sauce is way to sweet with the taste of vinegar, and very moist. I am a fan of the thin crust NY style pizza and this is not at all that type of pizza. the atmosphere is nice inside, although very crowded. better off getting pizza hut, doh..
5	I really like this place. My husband and I visit about 3 times a month and they never fail us. We have had a great experience every time and I really like that you can choose from different styles of pizza such as thin or thick crust. Overall, I think the value is excellent for the amount of food you get. Their pizza's are all very sizeable and I really like that they offer such a variety. I've tried the margherita, thin, crispy crust and sweet sauce with the right amount of cheese. I've also had other specialty pizza's as well, all of them great! The service has always been consistant and absolutely on par. We now always ask to be seated in Thomas' or his brother James' section being they are fantastic! They work at the Henderson location.Knock on wood but so far, my husband and I have not had a bad experience here nor at the Tropicana location. We've tried Settebello, Grimaldi's, and other smaller pizza places that are ok and pricier for what you get. Metro is our pick for overall value, quality, taste, and consistency. The reviews are mostly good and not without merit.For those who seem to deem this the worst pizza ever, really????  I guess Little Caesars or Digiorno tastes better? Get your taste buds checked.
4	Sooo Metro gets a 3.5 in my book, but due to my fiance's obsession with this place (and the fact that he'd give it 10 stars), I'm rounding up. For that greasy "mall style" Sbarro-esque genre of pizzas.. this place gets a gold star. Absolutely the "best in class" for this sort of pizza. My fiance is obsessed with this sort of pizza, so this is right up his alley. If you eat at Sbarro and think "wow, I wish someone would make a top quality version of this stuff".. you will love this place!I was obsessed with Metro when we first moved here as well. The gooey cheese, the greasy crust.. I was loving it. HOWEVER, we order delivery from here about once a month and twice we've gotten undercooked pizzas, and once an overcooked one. The overcooked one I can let slide, but the undercooked ones are pretty gross. The crust at the bottom isn't formed correctly and you're basically just eating greasy cheese goo. It just isn't right. The pizza is pretty pricey (ends up being $30 for us to get a pizza delivered with tip and the bogus $5 they add on since we're all of 3 miles away). I don't mind pricey pizza, but I get pissed when I paid $30 for pizza that totally sucked. Now that this has happened twice I'm more hesistent to keep them as my go to delivery place. Settebello and Grimaldi's and Rosati's are all better in my book, but for whatever reason this place is always my fiance's first choice.
4	Favorite pizza restaurant.   Altho we cannot eat cheese, Metro always makes the pizza with enough toppings that we don't feel deprived.We take home half of large pizza and have dinner the next day.   What a bargain!
5	I was expecting the best pizza place in town to have all 5 star reviews. Shame on you guys for not giving them all 5 stars. Great service, pipin' hot pizzas, great salads and french fries, and their house brews are pretty good too. You can not go wrong here with so many great pizzas offered. Thanks Metro you are the greatest!
5	Amazing service and the pizza was to die for. I understand why this place is Best of Las Vegas four years in a row.
5	BOMBBBBB!!!! I recently went to las vegas to celebrate my birthday and met up with my cousin for lunch at metro pizza and honestly this is one of the best pizzas i have ever sunk my teeth into! I ordered the green valley individual and the portion was really generous and huge! The green valley pizza had sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, olives, and zucchinis! All of the ingredients were really fresh and the pizza was not oily at all so i didnt feel guilty for indulging in it! haha~ my cousin ordered the balsamic vinaigrette salad and my friends ordered the Margarita pizza and the Gotham pizza, which were all really delicious! They are really generous with their toppings and service is quite friendly too.   I wish i lived closer to metro pizza but then again maybe I will just have to visit my cousin more often since she has great taste in food~! :)
3	Adequate pizza in a land of pizza philistines.I'm from Chicago originally and I'm an unapologetic pizza snob. Chicago pizza is the best- you lose- get over it.That said, I've eaten at Metro Pizza with friends a few times and I can say if you can't get real Chicago style pizza, the Metro pie will do in a pinch.I get it with pepperoni on the thicker "Metro" crust and tell them to leave it in a few minutes extra. I like my cheese browned a bit on top.It's pretty generic or "Sbarro-esque" as another reviewer said (love that description by the way) but it's still head and shoulders above the crap they sling out of pizza hut and dominoes- or the king of craptastic pizzas- Little Caesars.Also, we've always had great waitress service there which is amazing compared to the usual level of service I've come to expect in Vegas.3 stars for an adequate pie and above average service.
1	I just don't get why people think this pizza is so great! The crust is never done enough and bread is always raw-doughy inside. We have been to Metro more than once and it always seems the same. It is just below average to average pizza that is way overpriced!I would much rather have Champion Pizza off of Gibson.
4	I just discovered this place about a year or so ago, when my brother told me about it. Ever since then, our family has made this a regular dining experience.Metro Pizza has been around for years, and only recently opened up a few new locations around the valley (for years, the Tropicana location was the only one.) It definitely came as a breath of fresh air when they opened a location relatively close to my home.If the name of the establishment didn't give it away, this place is all about pizza. They have a ton of options and diverse pizzas to choose from, plus a variety of other pasta items. The calzones are excellent, some of the best I have ever had. Not to mention I've had some other great pizzas, and that is saying a lot considering I am something of a "picky eater." There are pasta items too, though it's clear the main focus here is on pizza - the chicken parmesan I tried one time was very chewy and had an odd flavor to it. Additionally, there are some solid dessert item choices - the chocolate malt that I had easily rivaled that of 50s diners. My father and brother always get beer here, and there is definitely a better selection of it than you would expect from a "pizza place." The atmosphere tends to be a little loud, but I welcome that in a place such as this. It's almost always crowded in here, but not so cramped that you're going to have a hard time moving around. I can't say much else that hasn't already been said. If pizza is your thing, you need to make Metro Pizza your next dining experience.
5	I am a native New Yorker I will keep it short and to the point - Best pizza west of New York City.
4	Nice place to go with family and large groups. 1.  Pizzas - are just fine, nothing too special, but good and tasty.2.  Menu - They have large group menu items as well like salads, meats and pasta, which is really convenient for large groups.3.  Large party catering - They also have really nice take out, full pans of Italian food for your home parties. Must give them a bit of time though.4.  Go Early !! - Overall a nice place to go, but you must go early, or the wait is long. Since this place caters to families and large groups, waits can be huge.5.  For the kids - They really take care of the kiddies. You automatically get butcher paper and crayons for the kids to be artistic. You also can ask for some pizza dough and the kids can play. Lots of fun.6.  Beverages - You can ask for pitchers of your favorite refreshment. Great for groups and if you are THIRSTY.7.  Service - Top notch, friendly and fun.
4	This is a good place to eat. In the past I've had delivery to work, this was my first time inside the restaurant. I was very surprised on how modern and clean the place looked. I wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Its a pretty big menu with lots of good choices. Our food was very tasty and fresh. Good sized portions. Tasty pizza. Took my family and they like it. Will go back again and again. Only down side,  the music is too loud.
4	We went here on Friday night and I was very much not wanting too many calories but I knew my bf has been absolutely DYING to try this place since we moved here. We've tried grimaldi's but we heard this place was way better and the people arent jerks so that's a plus. We went for the Gotham b/c my bf is a true believer that the more toppings = the best pizza you ever made. We got the gotham minus onions of course for me - and ordered the small since we had also ordered an appetiz. the garlic fries which my fellow yelpers raved about and i'm a huge fan of the gilroy pearl myself.  1st the app - the fries were really good but not to die for like if I went again i'd have to have them... they were kinda hard. and i was expecting soft fries w/ that flavor that just enhances the taste. Again good b/c that means I didnt have too many! 2nd the PIZZA - it was really good. I'd def. order that again. Someone next to us ordered like 2 pizzas and had maybe 1 slice per person so they had tons of leftovers and then ordered all kinds of desserts. wedidnt even go there w/ the deserts. we took our left overs from our small pizza and had the rest for brkfast. The 2 slices i had were super filling b/c of all the toppings. I'd def. go back to this place. I think this is my bf new fav pizza place.
3	The pizza was good - seating was substandard and uncomfortable.   And even for a pizza joint, it was extremely noisy with only a handful of customers.
4	Good experience always. Very good crust whether you want thick or thinner crust. God selection of toppings. Worth the trip.
1	Clearly ordered two pizzas (6 people around to confirm) - phone service was lame - repeated order multiple times.  Deliver arrives with one pizza at $27 and has no clue of other order.  Proceeds to charge $27 for one pizza with no solution for the second pizza.  Clueless staff.
4	This place always hits the spot. I've only gotten delivery from here, so I can't comment much on the restaurant itself. Usually a large 1 topping pizza with an order of garlic bread = $30 which isn't bad. Usually it gets delievered within 45 mins and it's always hot and steamy. The pizza dough is not too thick and the sauce has a really good flavor. It's a little greasy, but hey that's what should expect when you get pizza. I DEFINITELY recommend ordering from here if you don't want generic chain pizza from pizza hut or dominos. It's a nice change with some fresh flavors.
4	I'm a big fan of the Metro Pizza on Decatur and Tropicana, but had never been to this location despite it being fairly close to my house. My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch before catching a movie this past weekend. My first impression was that it was decorated a bit nicer compared to the Decatur location. There was a lot of 80s memorabilia on the walls but other then that it seems more like a place you could go on a date... None of the butcher paper as table clothes, which gives the Decatur location a more casual, fun, family friendly feel to it... Who really cares about the atmosphere of a pizza place though? People go to pizza places for food! And Metro delivers. We split a small (9") mushroom pizza ($9) and an order of garlic knots ($4.95). My husband also had a side salad (don't recall price) with balsamic dressing. I am a huge fan of the house dressing at Metro but had never tried the balsamic. It's great, I love how they bring out the entire bottle so you are sure to have enough for your salad and some extra to drizzle on the yummy complimentary bread.The garlic knots were excellent. I like the knots from Villa pizza, I LOVE the knots from Metro though... The pizza was ok, when I took my first slice off the plate most of the cheese and toppings slide off. Don't like that much. It tasted good though... Service was a little on the slow side, slow enough that we ended up going to see a later movie.  If I could do half-star ratings I would give Metro a 3.5 but it was good food at a decent price so I will round up
5	I know my NY pizza, I wouldn't say Metro's is exactly the same, but it comes pretty close.
5	This was our 1st trip ever to a Metro Pizza based on recommendations from my hubby's co-workers. We were not disappointed in the least. Our server Matt was very friendly & suggested a few favorites & explained the different styles of pizza to us. After looking through the extensive menu, we decided on a large Olde NY ($24.95) & a small Seafood Fra Diavolo ($12.95) Both pizzas were delicious & it was more than enough food for my husband, myself & our 3 Boys. I liked that they gave each of our boys some pizza dough to play with while waiting for the food, they really got a kick out of that. I also appreciated the non-pizza options on the menu & look forward to trying them on future visits. We will definitely be back!
5	You can never go wrong here with any item that you choose.  These guys have been in business for over 30 years in Vegas, and once you eat here you will know why.
5	Thia is perhaps the best restaurant I've experienced in a LONG time.  With great food, well trained and happy to be working and serving the customers staff, it was an overall joy to dine here. Wait staff knows their foods, the kitchen knows how to make not only great pizza, but delightful salads too. Management is doing a fine job, and the owners should be happy and proud that their efforts are sucessful. Tuscan salad was excellent and plenty for 2, the small thin crust pizza was perfect for duo.  I'm not usually a pizza place guy, but in Las Vegas I am, but only at Metro Pizza.My wife and I will be back, without any doubt, and recommendations will be flowing from LA to Salt Lake City & Denver!
3	I must first admit that this a review for take-out and I have yet to actually dine-in at this location.Walking in, the decor and atmosphere were good. And all of the staff were very friendly and nice.The food, though, was just so-so. Now, perhaps the take-out aspect of this had an adverse effect on the food. And perhaps I just ordered the wrong items (it's a pretty extensive menu for a pizza joint). Also, the fact I have lived in Chicago and NYC may have resulted in me being a Chicago-style and NYC-style pizza snob.The Chicago stuffed pizza was just all wrong. The spinach and cheese were right, but the crust wasn't quite right and it absolutely wasn't thick enough. And then they do this strange thing where they don't put sauce on the top. Instead, you get luke warm pasta sauce on the side - choice of marinara or meat. Now though, don't get me wrong, it was a decent pie (I certainly ate enough of it). But it just wasn't quite right.After a long internal battle between over the second pie being one of their NYC-style pizzas or the Memphis BBQ one, I opted for the Memphis. It was good, but I've had way better BBQ chicken pizzas. It was skimpy on the sauce and cheese and a little greasy.For a side, I opted for the nuclear fries. Again, they were not what I was expecting and they were far from anything even slightly nuclear (they barely qualified as medium). And they were a little soggy, but I chalked that up to one of the unavoidable problems of take-out fries. But again, don't get me wrong, I definitely ate them and they were ok. But I doubt I'd ever order them again.And it is all a little pricey for what you get. Two small pizzas, fries, and a side of ranch totaled $35. Which, while certainly not beyond reason, I found to be too pricey for what you get - especially when better pies cost less.But, of course, all of that being said, I still ate it all and I would not be adverse to trying out some of their other menu items.
4	Finally decided to try out Metro Pizza tonight and we were not disappointed.The hostess/host were super friendly.  They were giving out Parmesan chips to snack on in the waiting area.  The bartender was super nice as well.We ordered-garlic romano fries:  these were piping hot upon arrival.  We dipped these into ranch and it was yummy.-chicken wings: asked that chicken wings be well done, with the hot sauce on the side.  Came out just like how we asked for it.  Yay!  points for Zip (our waiter, but we gave him that nickname since he was quick and responsive) for getting it right.  These were yummy too.-Honolulu Pizza: with anchovies.  We were afraid that the individual would be too small so went w/the large.  I ate half of my slice and was FULL.  It was very delicious, and I will get to eat the rest of the pizza for the next 2-3 days.  yay, no need to cook!-Tiramisu:  not balanced.  The mascarpone cheese overpowered the coffee taste.  I wouldn't order this again.Forgot to mention that they give you a basket of warm crisp on the outside/fluffy in the inside bread, with butter.  I took some of this to go too.  Overall, this place is wonderful, especially since it's right around the corner.  Definitely recommend to those who wants yummy pizza and friendly service.
5	love it. plain and simple. they have great employees that are beyond helpful and attentive. there pizza ranges from thick crust to thin crust, and of course i love the Chicago style stuffed pizza being from Chicago myself. the other thing is that they have salad which makes my nephew very happy. when we were there last time the owner came over and talked to us. he handed out candy to my nephew and asked how everything was. perfect of course. we got a large Hawaiian and a large Gotham ( love that one cause I'm a batman fan, lol) both were fantastic and we had tons of leftovers. we also got salad for the nephew, and spinach artichoke dip which is new to the menu. the dip was great the only complaint is that it didn't really have great bread with it. the other thing they have is a monthly calender that has special deals and name days . so if your name or birthday are on a specific day you get 50% off a large pizza. that's a great deal. they also have wear certain items and you get discounts. you can sign up and have this calender sent to your house which comes with more coupons. all and all a great value and great food and great service. go you wont regret it.
5	The food was so good!  We started with a pitcher of the honey porter, which was quite tasty, and the Tuscan Salad.  After having the salad, I almost didn't even want to have pizza- it was sooo good!  For pizza, we ordered a half and half- Sunspot and Gotham. After a full slice of the the Sunspot, I only had room for a bite of the Gotham, but both were delicious. The Sunspot tasted light and fresh, despite it being really filling. The Gotham, from what I had, was really meaty and just as good.The pizza is pretty heavy, so I would say not to expect to get past a couple slices.  There were 3 of us, and we ended up bringing half the large pizza home.  Definitely making a trip back.
2	Good pizza but only if you eat in. Twice i have ordered delivery that was over an hour and a half wait and we live only a few streets away. The second time I had to call to find out what happened and an employee claimed i didn't give my area code even though it was repeated back to me. They didn't bother to look up the info in the computer either even though we were a previous customer. They then sent a two hour old pizza with wrong toppings(along with a pissed off delivery woman) instead of firing a fresh one. Both times we ordered delivery and once ordering pick-up the pizza was cold. I refuse to give them anymore business with such high prices and bad customer service.
5	Metro Pizza, how do I love you?  Let me count the ways:  great bread, great lunch specials, great service, and GREAT BREAD!  Yes, I could eat their Italian bread with butter all day long and be one happy camper, but I must restrain myself every time I go so that I have room for the salad and pizza lunch special.  I must admit that I lunch almost weekly at Metro and it never gets old.  I was there again today with a friend and as I write this review, I have my leftovers heating up for dinner!  Sure, there are lots of other kinds of elaborate pizzas on the menu, but I stick with mushroom.  I highly recommend the garlic knots and the garlic fries--yu-ummm!  Also, they offer a meatball sub that is the bomb dot com, but I only have that if I've done a long enough training run, bike, or swim first to not feel guilty about the grease and calories.  And, there is a gelato bar, but again, I've only done that a couple of times because I'm so freakin' full from the bread!Metro Pizza has been named the best pizza place in Nevada by at least one national newspaper and I concur!  Check it out if you haven't been and see if you don't love the bread like I do!  Ciao!
4	Yummy yummy yummy.  This is a much better spot than the one on Flamingo.  Better atmosphere and I believe the pizza tastes better too.  The one on Trop is good too.Always appreciate the crust and bread at Metro Pizza.  They obviously put a lot of care into creating a good dough.  I would like more spicy pepperoni but that's a personal preference.  Wait staff and hostess are great.  The owner was there that night and he is a really great guy - knows his stuff about pizza and very friendly.  Probably the best "non premium" pizza in Vegas and gives places like Grimaldi a run for their money.
5	My whole family loves this place. Their sauce is the best...we always order extra to go with the Skyline. We also love the garlic bread rolls...so yummy. If you're not into deep dish the Gotham is fabulous too.
4	My kids love it here because of the dough they get to play with at the table. Great salads and pizzas. The food prices seem a little bit high, but their beer prices make up the difference with 5.00 24 oz domestics. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is the service is usually a bit slow.
4	Wish I could give a 4.5 star rating.  The place isn't perfect but its darn close.I've been going back to this Metro location in Henderson at least once a week now for a month due to its early bird special, Mondays through Thursdays 2:30-4:30pm..  My "weekend" is Wed/Thurs, so it works perfect for me.I'm probably the least desirable type of customer due to the fact that I always eat solo (no friends have these days off), I frequently only order water and I only go when the pizzas are half-off.  To a waiter, I'm probably not much of a tip generator.  However, I've NEVER felt the service was any less positive than if I was with a big group of people ordering beers and paying full price.  Because of this, I usually tip close to 20% of what the bill would have been without the discount.  It's still a great deal.I also appreciate that the quality of the food isn't affected in ANY way, even though its half-off.I've only ordered the San Genaro and Gotham pizzas but am thinking about trying some of their weirder specialty pizzas in future visits (I actually think there's one with diced clams on it).Very good pizza and service with a great early-bird special.  Please check this place out!
5	Best Pizza I have had in Nevada.
4	This place is a pillar of the Las Vegas food scene!  Featuring massive portions, this is definitely a group/family dining spot.  Especially the Stuffed Pizzas!  For dine-in, this ambiance is perfect for a casual lunch or dinner experience.  The the service is professional and courteous.  They use only the highest quality ingredients in their wide array of pizza options.  The one recommendation I would make would be to go with the "Metro" (thick crust) style.  Otherwise, just put your trust in your server and listen to their suggestions.  P.S.  we even ordered from them at school once and they delivered to the UNLV Library, it was awesome!
5	We have continued to order pizza from here & have been more than pleased every time. I also have a new favorite salad, the Domenica & their house dressing.. O.M.G! I even bought a bottle of it the last time we were there for dinner, SO good. Unfortunately it doesn't have a slow pour top so my 10 year old ended up pouring more than half of it on his salad one night :( I will gladly spring for another bottle though, even at $4.99!The pizzas we have especially loved were the Modesto & the San Gennaro. We ordered the family platter of Chicken Parmigana one night & while it was a TON of food for the money ($35.95 for about 15-20 breasts in a foil tray covered with sauce & cheese.. ended up being enough for lunch & dinner for 3 days!) it wasn't the best Chicken Parmigana I've ever had & we will probably just stick to their pizza for the most part.   Also, try their Spumoni Gelato sometime, you won't be disappointed!
4	Love this place. Good service and clean. Perfect family setting. Fine and casual dining. Love the Seafood Fra Diavolo pizza large portion. Yummy.. Definitely coming back here. A must place to stop by when in Vegas area.
4	YUM, great crust and sauce.  Little pricey but never disappoints... gelato good too.  Garlic fries are ridiculous.
4	One of our favorite places to go since I don't eat pizza but the hubby and kiddo do!  The eggplant parm is soooo yummy and even more so the next day for lunch!  Our server was a bit on the slow side but we were taken care of by the Manager and left happy...as usual
5	Let me surmise for ya...  GREAT PLACE, AMAZING FOOD...
5	Great Pizza! Great crust and hearty toppings.
5	A good place for pizza and Monday through Thursday from 2 to 4 it's happy hour so all pizzas are half price, and alcohol is a good price too.
1	Ive been "dragged" here twice. Im really surprised it has so many good reviews, but then again, people love crappy food. Fast food and chain restaurants are recession-proof. This place reminds me of chuckee cheese. I think the food is horrible, but its always crowded, mostly with people with tons of kids. The service is unspeakable, even if you have lowered expectations for a pizza place. Very dirty feel of the place. It smells like sewer inside, like that dirty steaming floor drain smell. The servers run around with dirty plates, money and fresh food all in one round, just throwing dirty plates in bus-tubs, and walking around. They serve 12 beers on tap, and red and white wine. The bartender was so incompetent it was embarrassing to even watch.  She was so awful, I cringed.
4	I seen this place from looking at reviews resently.My granpa Bob and I went here for lunch today,I was excited.This place is only about 10 minutes away from my house so its not a bad drive at all.Getting inside it was very christmasy like.There was a nice big tree and it felt cozy.The waiter sat us down at a booth,and braught out some bread.Bread:It was very good and it was nice and warm,it had some burntish places wich gave it extra flavor,but i wasnt digging the seeds very much.Wings: I ordered some mild wings and they were very good,I dont know if it is just me but the sause was very very very yummy,I'll defently get those again!Fries:I forgot what there called but it was the kind with like parma. cheese on it and they were very good!Crispy,hot and yummy!But next time I think I'll try the hot fries those look good.PIZZA: Ok so my grandpa didnt want just plain pizza so he got mushrooms,green pepers,and sausege on his.I just got normal cheese,so it was half and half.The pizza came out extreamly hot and when we picked up a peice there was ooygooy cheese MMMM.Thats defently a plus for me when the cheese is like that on pizza.Honestly thats one of the best pizzas ive ever had.The sause was tangy,cheese was gooy,and the crust was bomb as hell!Also it had some chared marks on it from the oven wich only gave it more flavor.Over all;Ill defently be back here,i just wished it wasnt as expensive. Oh and dont get the water it taste weird!!.
4	Some restaurants places just seem to work well, Metro Pizza is one of them..Consistent food and service makes dining here a pleasure, isn't that why we go out? I imagine it's very easy to spend a hundred dollars and more for simple, honest Italian food for 2 (w/out wine) in Las Vegas, but why? It is nice to see the variety of families eating here, it is, as it should be!
5	I came here again yesterday ( thursday) for dinner.We got nuclear fries,and a 16 inch pizza.Half cheese and ricotta cheese,half sausage mushrooms.First came out the bread,then the fries,then the pizza.It came out faster then it did last time,wich was nice.nuclear fries-They were defently spicy,the ranch dressing went well with themPizza-My half was the ricotta cheese and normal cheese.Ok I wanted to get the ricotta  becuase i seen a review where someone got it.THey were defently right! It made the pizza even more gooy and yummy,ill defently get it that way next time! The crust was perfect again,i just love this pizza.I put hot pepper flakes on it it spices things up:)
1	We have been using this Metro since it opened and have seen a steady decline in food quality.  Today the dough was chewy, the sauce was thin with the result of a water drenched middle ; the peppers were uncooked and the spices were non existent.  VERY DISAPPOINTING on a day when we were watching the nfl playoffs.We complained by phone to the manager who was only interested in us coming in to get our refund which defeats the purpose of home delivery. NEVER AGAIN!  They've lost us.
2	Lobby had a strange smell. Service was good and quick. Friendly waiters.Food was good as always but the experience was ruined when someone comes in with a German Shepard. This was not a service or seeing eye dig so made it really bad so we left half way thru the meal. Big furry dog. May not ever go back. I like dogs, just not sitting at the table eating with me.
3	Now in the past the service has either been outstanding with friendly waiters or down right  WRONG and we had to walk out.  We sat once for 20 mins without anyone stopping to even get our drink order.  It was like we were invisible.   When you are seated they bring the bread pretty quick.  Our pet peeve is when the bread comes and no drink order yet. I think they are still working on that issue because the last time we only sat 3 minutes after the bread came before our waitress arrived.   Metro is improving on their service now since I only see one regular waitress from the past still working there and we haven't gotten the invisible treatment yet.    We usually have the house salad with their house dressing which is pretty good.  Cannot figure out why a pizza joint doesn't put mozzarella cheese on the salad.  You can ask for it but they charge more.  BBQ chicken pizza is good and ask for the garlic and oregano seasoning shakers to add more spice.
5	We were in town for the night and decided to have a pizza delivered.  I convinced my friends to give this place a shot.I ordered thr North Beach and had them add olives.  We also got an order of garlic fries along with the atomic fries.  30 minutes later there was a knock at the door and a pizza dude stood there with our meal.    The pizza was great.  The cheese was a perfect blend gooey, salty wonderfullness.  The grilled peppers were amazing and added a wonderful texture.  The dough was very good as well.  It was crisp and had a nice bite to it.The fries were good but not my favorite part of the meal.  This place is a must.  Leave the strip for an hour and come get the best pie in the state.
4	Try the San Gennaro. So delish! If you are ordering out, make sure you ask if they have any specials running, because you won't be told about them otherwise.One of the best pizza places in town!
2	How things have changed since our favorite server left more than a year ago. I used to swear by this place & told many how great it was but that was then. It has been almost a year since I've been back due to the last few times having been pretty bad. The food was just not the same & the service was shotty.
5	By far the best pizza in the city. It's nice to still go in and see the owners making sure everything is as perfect as last time. This place is great!
2	I don't get the Metro Pizza love around here.  Maybe it's because I'm from St. Louis, the land of cracker-thin crust and ooey-gooey provel cheese.  However, I find this pizza very generic.  I have eaten at this Metro location three times now, each time hoping to understand the draw.  Nope.  Still don't.  It's not like it's BAD... it's just not exceptional either.The service has gotten worse with each visit too.  The first time, the waitress was so friendly and warm that it made me want to come back and try to find that lovin' feeling for Metro.  The second time... meh.  The third time, the waitress only made it to our table once, and that was to take our drink and food order.  After that, service was a free-for-all.I love Grimaldi's.  I also like Aurelio's.  This whole Metro thing?  I guess I'll never get it.  Sigh.
3	The eggplant sub wasn't the best, but the pizza was awesome. I prefer Boston/New York style pizza this place didn't replace any old favorites but its one of the better I have had since being here in Nevada. The atmosphere was nice, the seating was comfortable, the only thing keeping me from going back often would be the prices.
5	Metro pizza is a place that I heard alot of people talk about. Then I read all about the "Best of" awards. So I eyeballed the menu and found a gem of a pizzaThe skyline is a stuffed pizza that looks beautiful and taste even betterWhen you order it make sure you get the meat sauce. The pizza comesWith the sauce on the side but don't worry it's all goodAlways always perfect
5	Love this place. Just had the Cicero stuffed pizza......awesome.
3	I don't know what it is -- but Metro Pizza is inconsistent. I ate at the Henderson location recently, and it was almost inedible. Because the pizza was underdone, the crust was doughy and the toppings were a little raw. Just two weeks prior, I went to the location on Tropicana. The same Gotham pizza was so much better. Maybe the ovens are different, or perhaps the Tropicana location cooked it longer. Service is always average at these restaurants. Prices are a little high for pizza- but can be worth it at times.  Bottom line, I would give this restaurant 3 stars for its inconsistency among locations.  Drive past the Henderson location -- and go to the one on Tropicana.  You won't regret it......
4	"Hot Dough in So Faux"When I was a kid in upstate New York every Saturday was pizza night. Dad would call Jocko's in East Rochester and order a large pepperoni and a large green pepper. Ten minutes later we'd pile into the Chrysler Newport and forge through snow, rain or sleet to get them. Once back home Dad would set up the bridge table for Sis and I and the two of us would watch TV in one room while Mom and Dad watched in another. My sister and I would watch Emergency and the parents would watch Lawrence Welk or something. It was always fun and each of us looked forward to it every week.Well, these days I live in So Faux, Nevada, aka Las Vegas, where precipitation is almost as rare as an occupied strip mall.Dad's Chrysler is gone and I drive a Crown Vic LX with leather interior, known city-wide as THE Chick Magnet.I have a bridge table in a closet somewhere but I usually eat dinner over the sink.And Saturday night television? Usually whatever movie is on HBO or Showtime if I'm feeling too cheap to order Butt Sluts on PPV.Sadly, take-out pizza is no longer a weekly affair. Somewhere along the line I started buying frozen pies at Smith's. Some of them aren't too bad, you know. DiGiorno, Freschetta and Paul Newman's come to mind. Even Tombstone makes it into my oven sometimes.Yet every so often I miss the days of take-out pizza on Saturdays. It just isn't the same with frozen pies, metal sinks and Butt Sluts. And on those certain days when I long for both yesteryear and fresh goodness, I pick up the phone and call Metro. And do you know what? It's always the same: One large pizza. Half pepperoni, half green pepper.My mouth waters as I drive the Crown Vic LX with leather interior down 215. And after parking THE Chick Magnet I'm always warmly welcomed as I stride into Metro Pizza, usually by two bubblicious brunettes with scintillating smiles. The brunettes even offer me complimentary soda if I'm early, and they ALWAYS ooh and ahh over the Crown Vic LX with leather interior. I just smile and say thanks and pay the 22 bucks. I even beep the horn as I leave the Metro lot, the brunettes at the window blowing kisses as I fade into the night.Sigh.They pine for me.(Or is it just the car?)But, alas, they cannot have me(or the car), for my heart belongs to Butt Sluts.The scent of hot pizza drives me wild as I traverse home, so much so that I frequently open the windows regardless of the weather. Desert wind tears at my thick mane, the drivers beside me jealous of my looks, locks and LX.Upon returning home I do what many consider unthinkable: I place the pizza, cardboard and all, inside a 250 degree oven. I like my pizza hot, and thou shalt not microwave Metro.On occasion I blister my mouth but do not care. It's worth it. The chewy crust is to die for and I love fresh pepper slabs, the pepperoni reminscent of those sub-zero Saturday nights near Lake Ontario. I even forego the sink when I consume Metro and sit at my cherrywood table, sprinkling slices with oregano and red pepper, staring at the telly and wondering if Jocko's is still there. I suppose I could find out but I prefer not to know. I might be saddened if it wasn't, or disappointed if it wasn't good anymore. I even scan the channels for Emergency and Lawrence Welk. But I never find either. Probably just as well. Someone once said the past is in the past because that's where it belongs. Perhaps they're right.Anyway, when I'm done eating I always have enough for another meal, which usually means brunch the next morning. Sometimes I eat it cold, sometimes I heat it in the oven. Depends on my mood and the temperature outside. But rest assured, it's always as good the following morning as it was the night before.Even if Butt Sluts or Lawrence Welk isn't playing.
3	Just moved into the neighborhood and saw the "Best of Las Vegas" sign hanging outside so we decided to give it a try. First time there we ordered the atomic fries, the flying piggle and the sunspot, both pizzas individual sized. Everything was fantastic! We decided to try it again last night and did not have the same experience. This time around we ordered the flying piggle in a large size because we liked it so much the first time.... Not a good idea. It seemed like they took the same amount of ingredients from the small size and spread it out more to cover the large plus there was no bbq sauce on it at all.Overall it is still good pizza just inconsistent. If we go back it will be for small pizzas only.
5	There is nothing negative to say about Metro Pizza. This is seriously one of the best pizza joint in Vegas and deserves 5 stars...I'd give them 10 if I could! The owners, Sam and John, are in the restaurant frequently checking on the quailty of the food and saying hi to their customers. They remember your name and hug your babies :) My Italian side smiles at this true "family" style restaurant.The food has wonderful flavors. From their plethora of pizza choices, to their meatball sliders (my fav!), to their pasta dishes (to-die-for mac 'n cheese)...there is something for the pickiest eater to the adventurous food critic. I highly suggest trying their garlic knots for an appetizer or even their garlic romano fries (with the homemade ranch of course! It's so good I could drink it) and not passing up dessert. You can't go wrong with the vast gellato selection or their monthly shake concoction.Make sure to check out their monthly calendar online to see what that day at Metro holds. Don't miss out on the many discounts they offer! My daughter loves the "Kids Make It, We Bake It" days...she gets to make her own pizza like the pros! Mommy really loves their homemade white sangria ;) hehe. Also, check out their offer on Yelp right now....a free soft drink with your entree purchase. Don't pass up this Vegas staple, there's one on almost every side of the valley and it will not disappoint!
2	We originally went to the Metro Pizza in Ellis Island and it was great!  We came to this location and the food was very blah.  The italian sauce on the food was very boring.  After we were done eating all the waitresses dissapeared and we had to wait about 20 Minutes for a box and our bill.  The second time we came in we were seated and greeted and given drinks. They didnt have the beer I wanted. Then we were ignored for 20 Minutes again, we left money on the table for our drinks and left, in the meantime I saw approximately 7 employees standing around doing nothing. I dont think we'll be back
1	Just like united breaks guitars, metro ruins your night. Awful service, nasty managers, if you do want a pizza order to go!!!I hate this place.
2	Warm french bread and NY style pizza was excellent. A little disappointed with the way they handled my Entertainment Book coupon. The waitress assured us that the coupon will work fine, and at the end she said her manager wasn't able to approve the coupon (which coincidentally happened to be around closing time). We ended up spending $20 more than we anticipated. As a frugal blogger, this leaves a horrible taste in my mouth.
4	I get tired of people complaining about the lack of good pizza in Vegas!  Metro pizza has a varied menu to fit anyone's pizza needs.  From delicious crispy standard crust to stuffed pizza pies if you can't find anything you like then that's on you.  I decided to try the flying piggle pizza and it was great.  Pulled pork, bbq sauce, deep fried onions, and pickles on a sweet crust brought two of my favorite foods together.  If your not into pizza the baked ziti was large enough to feed four people and was pretty good for the price.  I always recommend starting with the garlic romano fries or if you're in the mood for spice the nuclear fries are pretty tasty.
4	Great pizza; love their crust and the ingredients are really fresh. The Margherita with arugula tomatoes and shaved Romano is perfect for a light meal with a beer or glass of wine. Ask for it to be made with sauce. Super friendly servers!
4	Metro is my first choice for pizza in Henderson.  It's almost always pretty busy (a great sign in this economy), and the pizza itself has the BEST taste!  I like the San Genaro pie, but have gotten many other kinds and have never been let down.  We always go in to order the take out pie, and then sit at the bar while we wait.  The bartenders are always very friendly & they have great beer, wine & sangria.  I ordered the wings once, and was not very impressed - they were kind of soggy when I got home.  BUT - the pizza is 5 stars, and that's what really matters, right?  Lastly, the gelato is out-of-this-world....You MUST try the Sea Salt Caramel Gelato.  It's the BEST!  We make a point to eat at Metro once or twice a month.
4	I have eaten at this location several times.  I normally order a specialty salad and a pizza.  My food is always delicious...no complaints from me!
3	The service was good but the pizza was meh. We had the Margherita pizza with mushrooms, truffle oil, and Alfredo sauce. The slices were saturated in sauce and floppy which made it necessary to shovel it in to my mouth. The taste was good however, and this particular pizza deviated from the well-structured slice I'm used to on campus. I'm not a pizza person, so I can't say how well this pizza holds up to most but I would come back here if it weren't out of the way.
4	Vegas pizza is terrible, but Metro pizza rocks.Great staff, great food, great feeling inside (not too cramped or loud, etc).Eat it, love it, nuff said.
1	I've found the most surefire way to know if a place seriously sucks. Just look for the Best of Review Journal banner plastered on the side of the building with multiple years on it. You'll notice that right away when you visit Metro Pizza. And before I begin I have to apologize to Due Forni in Summerlin. I said I doubted that I would find a Vegas pizza place that sucked worse than they did. Well Metro accomplished that. I went on a Sunday and ordered 1 large Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, and Mushroom pizza, a small Skyline pizza, and garlic bread to go. The garlic bread looked like someone went to Vons, bought 2 day old smashed French bread, cut and sliced it, then brushed it with the lamest, wimpiest "garlic" sauce imaginable. The Pepperoni pizza had some of the soggiest crust I've ever ate...I finally resorted to using a fork on it. And the Skyline pizza was the first pizza in years that after just one slice got tossed into the trash can. Metro Pizza is so bad it actually makes those frozen, school fundraising pizzas taste good. If you're looking for good pizza in Henderson don't believe the hype that Metro is all that. Because quite frankly it's not. You deserve better than this..heck I think even dealing with greasy, nasty, no service Napoli Pizza would be better than this. It's a shame I can't get my money back. I honestly regret ordering from Metro. BLEECH!
5	My brother and I came to metro pizza on the Saturday before Halloween and the restaurant was decorated for halloween.  The atmosphere was fun and the pizza was delicious. I had the Memphis pizza which is a BBQ chicken pizza. It was very good. We also had the garlic knots as an appetizer. I will be coming back. I have no complaints. :-)
4	The best mushrooms in town!
4	This place has very good regular pizza, I noticed that had a lot of big crust pizza's.  I ordered a small regular personal pizza/ no toppings.  It was around $8 and fed me and my 8 yr. old. I am from NY and think it was very good pizza!! I would return to this place.  The pizza was close but not exactly like MY Little Pizzeria on Court street which is owned by the Same Fontana family as all the Original Pizza's in Brooklyn and this pizza was similar so I was happy :) with it and will return.
4	There is something to be said about giving second chances. I did that with Metro and things have dramatically improved since my original 1 Star review. Service is still hit or miss with staff not even knowing at first about the Yelp check in deal (Katie has learned fast and knows now). But as for the pizza...I guess my soggy experience the first time around was an anomaly because the stuff I bring home now literally blows away almost every other place I've been to in Vegas. (Settebello is still supreme in my book though). For my house, my 2 year old loves their Pepperoni pizza and even their spaghetti, and I have fallen head over heels for their Sunspot pizza with Chicken, artichokes, and other things. In short we keep coming back, and every weekend now Metro is on our must have food rotation. Parking for carryout can suck sometimes, but otherwise...my feet and my pocketbook keep winding up here so I needed to adjust my review. 4 Stars.
3	Enjoyed two pizzas via take out last night. I thought that the pizzas were decent and was impressed that they were ready when we arrived. The restaurant was packed and about 30 people were waiting for tables. It certainly seems like a popular place.
5	Get the San Gennaro pizza...seriously!
5	5 Stars. This is now my favorite pizza place as I seem to order from them at least once a week, and sometimes much more. Katie (I hope I spelled her name right), is now bringing it when it comes to great customer service and when she says 25 min, my order is ready in 25 min. And while my first experience here was not the best, since that time I've not had any messed up orders and I find myself more and more impressed with the place. While Settebello is still my ultimate pizza in Vegas, for day to day classic pizzas without much fuss, Metro is hard to beat. I do wish they would reserve a space or two for carryout parking, but otherwise...I can't really complain.
3	OK, so you NY'ers will know what I mean when I say that Metro's cheese pizza is the kind that you'd be happy to walk into any New York pizza place and order a slice of.  And anywhere in Brooklyn, it would be cheap and satisfying.  It's satisfying for sure but, the quality doesn't match the price.  I feel like I'm getting jipped - getting my "pretty good" NY style pizza but for a far too expensive price.  I liked the restaurant, the service was OK, and the rest of the food was good.  But just too expensive, so I'm taking off a couple of stars.  If you're looking for something different and a pretty satisfying pie that reheats well, give this a shot for sure.
3	Large menu, great selections!  Garlic knots were tastey, and so far the Triple Play Chicago style pizza is my fav!  Not like most pizza joints that have TVs all over the place,so if you plan on watching any sports event here, dont get your hopes up too high,  i believe i only saw one TV and that was at the bar.  It also lacks any arcade games for the kids to play, i have to say that this was the first pizza place i have ever been to without an arcade, or at least one or two games!  Food is good, not the best, but good.
5	The food is really good and the service is awesome. There is also a hot waiter that works here, so that doesn't hurt. ;)
5	I'm a fan and didn't even try their pizza.I've had Metro Pizza bookmarked, then I took it off, then I put it back on, then I finally tried them.  I was seeking this place out every since I read an ROTD on it from last November.  Never found the time and wasn't in the area to ever try them until now. Let's start with the restaurant itself.  It's bigger than I expected. One thing missing from most reviews is the size of this restaurant. I expected a small typical pizza joint with your checkered red/white tablecloths and gaudy decorations all over. Boy was I totally moted!!  This restaurant is classy, spacious, clean, and well lit.  Because of what I experienced walking in, I assumed a pricey menu.  My first thoughts, sure glad Terri R. is paying for lunch this time. Then I reviewed the menu and was brought back down to earth.  Bang for your buck for sure! Metro Pizza has a large selection of pizza, stuffed pizza, salads, calzones, platters, dinners, and one type of soup (Minestrone).  I didn't want to feel too heavy for lunch, so I opted against pizza this time.  I'm not a huge pizza guy anymore anyways.  I chose their Chicken Parmesan Sub w/Garlic Fries ($9.25).  This is served hot, melted cheese, and just the right amount of sauce on top of about 8 oz of breaded chicken breast.  Simply delicious, portions big, and the chicken breast tender.  I washed my parmesan sub down with their garlic fries and glass of water.  In about 10 minutes, my meal was devoured.  One thing about Italian Restaurants, either there's too much sauce which sometimes sogs out your meal or there's not enough where you're wanting more.  At Metro, they had it just right, not too much, not too little, and definitely not too thick.  Since I'm a new fan of Metro's Parm Sub, I'm sure their pizzas are good too.  Service was great from start to finish. Our food was also prepared and served with little wait. Voted "The Best of Las Vegas" 7 years in a row!!!  They obviously don't need my review to keep their status, but they got my 5 stars anyway.
5	Yummy! Sausage pizza the way its supposed to be! Make sure to ask them what their specials are, they don't advertise them!!
3	I have only been to this location one time. They offer discounts for fire fighters on certain days of the week so I would call and ask what days they offer that and different discounts. I sat at the bar so I could watch a game that was on that night and they forgot all about our food. We waited for 40 minutes when the waitress finally noticed that we didn't have our food yet. Once we got our food it was pretty tasty but I might have been bias because by the time I got my food I was extremely hungry.
5	Love this place. Garlic knot meatball sliders are the bomb. Pizza can be a little greasy depending on the toppings, but always very good.
5	Just tried this place for the first time after hearing about for over a year now.  It definitely lives up to the hype!  Food is amazing!
5	Always a good eat spot with cool atmosphere for my family and I, we love the Metro Pizza.  Great pies, delicious salads, cold beer and friendly service.  From the hot fresh bread and butter (love those toasted sesame seeds!!!) to the "nuke" fries (get the honey cayenne on the side) Metro Pizza rocks.  The only thing they have changed in recent memory that I miss is the option of coloring on a paper table cloth at the Henderson location.  My kids and I are doodlers!  Bring back the crayons, MP!
5	Great great food!  Their pizza is good but their meatball sliders are fantastic!!!  They are so huge and delicious! They serve them with french fries and make a great filling meal.  We tend to like things a little spicy so we order the french fries 'Nuclear' style.  It give it such a great spicy flavor! They are voted 'Best of Las Vegas' for a reason!  Food and great service! It's one of our favorite places to eat!
2	Ok so this is no seriously pie (for those of you from the pacific northwest) but better than pizza hut!
4	Good freshly made pizza. Attentive staff. :)
4	I have never had a bad meal here! Service was a little slow but the restaurant was jam packed.Metro has one of the best pizza's in town!!!
2	First time at metro pizza    Easy to find location.  Was greeted by a ho hum person who really just didn't care. Seated us and we waited for so long my husband said we will give them 2 more min .  we are here and if they don't show we are out of here.Two min later a waitress showed up and took our drink and dinner order. Maria didn't care if we were there or not.I ordered a dinner salad and a glass of wine hubby chose a beer ( poor selection)We ordered dinner at the same time as we were afraid Maria wouldn't come back. ( only one other table In The place  had anyone at it) time was around 6 pmBar had 2 tables with folks eating.Ordered the margarita pizza on half and the metro on the second. Started eating the meto special and it was all sausage and Grease. Crust was good and the other half margarita was fine . A place to take young kids but not a great place for great pizzaPoor service poor quality for the money bill was over $ 40 for two with 2 small house beers and one glass of wine ( I think the beers were 6 ounces) maybe less.
4	Their calzones are great!
3	Food are great here especially their pizzas. Their service is very slow and our server was Maria, she'll disappeared for quite sometime and we had to wave her down a lot even when we tried to get our bill paid, Maria still nowhere  to be found, lol. Where is the manager here?? Service thumbs down. Maria didn't seem much to care for her customers, but for one particular table she sat down at the table with the customers, chit chat for quite sometime, we find very unprofessional, seems like we were invisible to her. HER NAME WAS " MARIA", she needs to learn customer service if she still in this business.
5	Beer was cold. Dinner salad was huge.  Calamari was more than enough for 2. The crust on the pizza is so crispy. The service was excellent. Definitely good place to eat!
5	The pasta is enough for two people!! The salad could be split also! I think the marinara sauce is better than the meat sauce. And as always the pizza was awesome!!
5	They always have a deal going on...and the pizza and service is always great
4	I love their pizza.  I especially love it when I am there during happy hour and get a discount.  They have a lot of events which I never seem to make it to, but I keep trying.  Service has always been very good although it can take some time when it is busy.   The crust is top notch.  Salads are decent although I usually just get side salads and not the dinner salads which look huge.
2	Too Busy, long waits, over worked staff, and expensive for Pizza.  Other than that the food is Okay.
2	The pizza was good and the salad was huge.  However, this particular Metro location on Horizon Ridge is always extremely slow in getting your food to you and many times the pizza is cold.  Yesterday the waitress totally  forgot our order after a 35 minute wait. She didn't apologize but took 5 percent off our bill. So if you go just be be prepared for long waits to get your food. This is going to be our last visit after 10 times of being loyal customers. Enough is enough. They need a floor manager to be on top these issues.
5	This place is awesome!
4	Amazing...that is all! The meatball sliders are the bomb! Pizza is delish! Sorbet and all desserts are winners!
3	Went tonight pizza was a little soggy,Salad was good and enough for me and my husband to share,service was good.I do think the pizza here is pretty expensive for what you get.
3	Mediocre experience, only a few points that really stuck with me. The only time I came was with a huge party of over 30, so my review might be biased. Service was sort of slow and the food was alright. The salads are fresh though, and the BBQ chicken pizza was great, but I was also starving from the wait. Portions are huge and the drinks are mid-priced with a decent selection. With the wide selection of other restaurants in the area I probably won't be back here anytime soon.
4	Ordered Seafood Fra Diavolo pizza to go. As usual, great pizza.
3	Meh. I don't understand the hype of this place.Ordered "nuclear" fries.... they didn't have much flavor.The BBQ aka "memphis" pizza is okay. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but I haven't been compelled to go back.
5	I have a love/like relationship with Metro Pizza. 100+ reviews. Sheesh, really. What's the point? Everything that can be said about Metro has been said already. But I couldn't do a proper Las Vegas Pizza review without mentioning Metro Pizza. I really, really love this location. I don't love all the Metro pizzas and you can read about some of the meh experiences I've had at other locations, but for some reason, I've had nothing but great experiences here. Firstly, it has to do  with what I ordered. My bf, who is a seasoned regular here, ordered the Gotham pizza (pepp, mush, hamburger, green peppers). So yummy. The toppings are generous, and they use the pull apart, stringy cheesy that you have to wrap around your pizza. Crust is good too, and the sauce is tart and tangy, just the way I like it. I'm a pizza critic (not a snob, because I'll always enjoy a good pizza, but I've eaten enough pizzas to know whats good or bad). If I had anything bad to say about Metro's pizza, its the droopiness at the center. I think the perfect pizza should be able to withstand the weight of its toppings and the Gotham has too many toppings for that. All this could easily be remedied by using a knife and a fork. I also love their meatball sliders that are made with their garlic knots. Delicious. I eat the top garlic knot first and dip it in ranch. Then I eat their meatball. Lastly, I eat the other half the garlic knot, drenched in marinara sauce. It works for me! Lastly, I love this place because its everything I like in a restaurant. It's clean. They serve beer. The servers are friendly. The salad comes out cold and fresh and they don't charge for extras. If I ever had my own pizzeria, I'd want it to be exactly like this Metro. It's the way a pizzeria should be.
4	The crust is awesome. I don't really like Hawaiian pizza but that's what I ended up ordering and eating because of my 16 year old daughter. I think had I gotten something that would better fit my personal taste, this 4 would be a five. I liked the fact that they had tv's but they are really small. They are really high up. Our waitress was genuine and did a good job making sure we were taken care of. I will be back to try some other items on the menu.
2	Really like their food...BUT THEIR SERVICE SUCKS!!!!. Been there a few times and always have had a service issue. called twice today and was put on hold each time by ashley for 5 mins. Second time was disconnect. Spoke with jesus the mgr. and got the same excuse given before about being too busy taking care of other customers. I informed them that I was a customer as well but tgat didnt seem to make a difference. Just decided to get a pizza from BJ s . If it is half as good it will be worth it . Maybe if if I had said we were ordering 5 large pizzas and several desserts it might have made a difference.
3	I musta come on a weird day but I had pretty much the opposite experience of many folks: the service was fine and the crust was terrible. I ordered at 5:00 on Sunday Night (think: football) and was told I could pick up my large pep and mushroom pizza in 30 minutes.  Not bad.  I arrived in 25 minutes and was greeted by two pleasant cashiers dressed in football jerseys. They said my pizza would be out in a few minutes. About 15 minutes later I asked again and my pizza came about five minutes after that.  Everybody was nice, and it seemed okay that I waited at a time which would be so predictably busy.When I got back to my hotel room, about 5 minutes away, and started eating my pizza I was shocked to find that the crust was chewy and had poor flavor. When I say chewy, I mean actually hard to eat.  The other ingredients, the sauce, cheese, and pepperoni, tasted great.
5	Omg!!  Went back in just to see if they have changed and all I can say is WOW!!  Metro is my favorite pizza place again.  What a turn around.  No bad complaints here.  ( miracle coming from me.  Lol. ).  Had the stuffed pizza finally. I was a little apprehensive at first but damn!!   Frigging "excellent" in my Spicolli best voice.  All I can say is YOU HAVE TO TRY THE STUFFED PIZZA.  Great job Metro.  See ya soon my friends.....
4	I love love love this place!!! Their Modesto with sausages is SO DELICIOUS!!!! My family and I love their random calender specials and kids night. We always go there, very worth the money!! :-)
5	Absolutely love this place. A locally owned pizza place that has been here for years. I love the nuclear fries with ranch dressing. Speaking of ranch dressing they make it themselves and sell it by the bottle. I personally like the pizza cut in squares. By far the best pizza in town!
3	Pizza was good! The crust was especially nice and perfectly cooked. Thin and nicely crisp. I only gave 3 stars because the delivery took over an hour and the lady on the phone taking my order was rude and really shouldn't be in a customer facing role. Other than that...great pizza.
4	Metro Pizza's pizzas are delicious. We ordered the Sunspot which is grilled chicken, garlic, marinated artichoke hearts, Roma tomatoes and basil. It was DELICIOUS.And their service is VERY good. We were just two, but there were multiple tables of much larger tables around us. I only noticed a barely perceptible lag in our order. In many other restaurants I probably would have starved to death before even putting my order in. Kudos to Metro.
2	Only two stars today, we were seated immediately. It took them 15 min to get us a waiter. Apps came out quick, we had to ask for salad dressing, it took another 15 to get our drinks. After several requests I asked about our pizza & finally got the "two more minutes", 10 min later we had pizza. It was a total of 45 min from the time we ordered pizza until we got it!! They didn't even ask how anything was or comp us anything for waiting. Did I mention the kids fell asleep waiting on their food!! Oh well, this will be another location coming off the list.
1	My review has nothing to do with the quality of the pizza as it is quite good.  In fact, one of the best if not best pizzas I have ever had.My complaint is with the Black Friday Gift Card situation.  I called on the Wed before to find out what time they would be open to purchase the 50% off gift cards and I was told that they would open up at 11am by a guy on the phone.  When I showed up there at about 10:45, I was told that they were sold out of the gift cards.  The person behind the bar area told me they sold out in 2 hours . . . which I said how can that be if they don't go on sale for 15 minutes.  He then told me that they opened up at 7am and that the cards were gone by 9am . . . and sort of took the position of  . . . . tough luck guy or bud . . .something said like that which just added insult to injury.I really do enjoy the pizza here, but it is quite expensive for pizza . . .about $35 for a large specialty metro style pizza. . . .the 50% off gift cards bring it down to a reasonable level . . . .I mean the pizza is worth $20, but not $35 as it probably only costs about $5 to make.So since I was misinformed by the person on the phone who gave me the wrong time of gift card sale, I am going to boycott Metro Pizza until next year when I get there at 7am to get the gift cards.  It's just the principle.Again . . . . $35 for a pizza is quite a bit of money and there is only so much entertainment money in the budget to go out on . . . . . There are good pizzas out there for much less. . . . .So until next December  . . . I say good bye to you Metro PIzza!
5	If I could eat meatball sliders everyday, I would. Forget the pizza. These beautiful, delicious meatball sliders are perfectly seasoned and in between a giant garlic knot. A GIANT GARLIC KNOT! The most genius idea ever. And if that isn't good enough, it comes with a side of garlic Romano fries.
4	This place is well known for their award winning pizza but of course whenever I end up dining here I order  anything but pizza.  Their lunch menu specials are great deals. The dinner size plate of the giant ravioli is enough to feed two people and even then Mr B and I still end up having to take home leftovers.  This visit was the first time in a few years since I've dined here though.  I didnt know they had Eggplant Parmesan till Daniel S. told me.  Perfect!  Since I really don't eat much breads and pasta.  The dinner version of Eggplant Parmesan came with a serving of spaghetti and a side of salad.  Pretty good size portions too for one hungry person.  I didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised the Eggplant Parm was really good!  It was lightly breaded, eggplant was baked perfectly.  There was just enough marinara sauce and cheese on it.  And the seasonings were subtle.  So good that I finished it. ..but I barely touched the  pasta (good girl Shirley! ) The salad was well chilled and crisp as well.  So good to know there is an option to an almost carb free meal here. And a delicious dinner at that!
4	Came here with 30 (literally) of my closest friends the other night for dinner. I wish I could remember our waitress's name! The poor girl was serving not only all of us, but several other tables as well. .. AND she was the bartender! (This was on 11/25, so if a manager is reading this and knows who it was, please give her a pat on the back for us!) Despite all that, she did a great job serving us. There were no glitches with splitting the bill, no order mix-ups, and everything came out in a reasonable amount of time. She was super friendly and attentive as well. I love the shrimp diavolo pizza (I also love shrimp diavolo pasta, in general, so I might be biased). The sangria is delicious. I was so busy socializing I only had a couple of slices and can't remember what the other thing I ate was, but this restaurant is really good for group gatherings and families. We'll definitely be coming here again.
3	Came here on an empty stomach with my friends, ordered the seafood fra diavolo and the pantheon. The pizza took really long to arrive but was worth the wait. The seafood fra diavolo was delicious, lots of shrimp and calamari. The pantheon was also good. Overall great pizza, the wait was the only downside.
2	Great costumer service, unfortunately the pizza was very plain, I will stick with CPK.
4	Metro is one of those places I've been coming to for a few years and only recently realized I had never yelped about it.  But, Metro doesn't need it, it's reputation speaks for itself.On our most recent trip to Metro, we had lunch.  Both of us started with the side salad, which for $3.50 is decent sized and includes tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and peppers.  We then each had an individual pizza.  They are typically $10-$13, but they are 6 good sized slices.  You should definitely have enough for another meal unless you are really hungry.  The wife had the Memphis, which is Metro's BBQ chicken pizza.  This is loaded with toppings and a sweet BBQ sauce.  The sauce is a little too sweet for me, but it's good.  I usually get one of the east side pizzas.  These are my favorites because they are made with thicker mozzarella.  Today I had the Spring Street, which is served with ricotta cheese, meatballs, and peppers.  I also like the Bleeker Street (sausage and garlic) and the Mott Street (sausage, peppers, and onions).  Metro is not skimpy with the toppings, so sometimes you have to start the pizza with a knife and fork and finish by folding.  We've never had great problems with service.  They bring you out fresh bread which is nice and toasty from the oven almost as soon as you sit down.  Also, today we got refills of our drinks before ours were close to being empty.  Overall, never had a bad meal at Metro, and always have leftovers.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! I come with the family every time I visit my grandparents in Vegas. The last time I was here I just had to bring my boyfriend who loves pizza. He really enjoyed it. Their fries, hot wings and metro pizza are the best. I'm not much of a pizza person, but metro pizza is making me rethink this. The staff is friendly and the setting is nice as well.
1	We used to like the Metro Pizza in Henderson, but the past couple of times we ate there, the pizza was burned to a crisp and horrible.  The first time it happened, they gave us half off of our bill.  So in an effort to do damage control, we figured they deserve another chance.  We went back in the fall, and again, it was mobbed there, pizza took forever and then burned to oblivion again!!  They took half off our bill again but that did it for us...Looked like the guys in the kitchen were all goofing off and laughing and probably not watching the ovens.  We much prefer Sunset Pizza and although its not as fancy and you have to get your own beverages, they are a nice family run business and they don't overcook the pies.
3	Came here rather early on a Saturday night - we walked in just before 5:30pm and was told there would be a 20 minute wait. Walked around the plaza a little and came back after 15 min or so and our table was ready!We ordered:-nuclear fries - not spicy at all! Fries were really good though - crispy on the outside, hot and perfect once you bit into them. The "nuclear" came from whatever spice mix they sprinkled on top.- half bleecker street, half spring street (small) - yum! the spring street was my fave out of the 4 kinds we tried~- half memphis, half pantheon (small) - the BBQ sauce on the memphis was on the sweet side and I would've preferred it to be more zingy! The pantheon was nice a creamy, but I think I prefer traditional tomato based pizzasThe pizzas were a little flimsy and each piece was floppy and it got kinda messy as we ate. I think the large pizzas are more sturdy (judging from the tables around us that got larges)Service was good! Our server was prompt and friendly - nothing to complain about.Not sure I would come back here - rather pricy for pizza!
4	Good Pizza joint, good pizza and food for reasonable price for what you get. Kids like it. If you want to keep your kids entertained while you wait for your food ask for some dough...they will give you some for the table to play with.
5	Best pizza, service was awesome waiter Ray was very knowledgeable.. huge help!! Price was good.  Nice setting and clean..
5	Great server. We ate here with the kids last Sunday and we sat at the patio.  Great time and experience. The manager even came out to check up on us.  Garlic Romano Fries was awesome. Abbodanza - da bomb!  We will surely be back at this pizzeria.
4	Staff friendly and welcoming, offers dine in or carry out or, bonus, delivery. Menu offers selection of pizza, salads, apps and deserts that range from basic to complex. Diners even have the option to get two pizzas in one pie (we for half Modesto and half sun spot, it was delicious combo). Serve beer and wine. Servers were friendly, some seem to have regular customers. Our server was a little forgetful though (we had to ask for water twice and the server forgot to get my husband's adult beverage/wine choice so we had to get her attention to place the drink order). Our Caesar salad was perfectly dressed and included lots of fresh parmesan cheese, croutons and 4wedges of garlic bread (yum). The pizza had wholesome and flavorful ingredients and the crust was perfectly crunchy. Big slices so the 16" pie could easily satisfy 3-4 people. The two of us could only eat 4 of the 8 gigantic slices. Good experience over all. If I lived in Henderson, NV I would dine there again!
5	I have been trying different pizza places for the best pizza in town.  I thought Metro was going to be the "typical" pizza but then I tried their Metro.  The metro is a thicker crust with extra cheese.  At first I didn't know how I was going to like it but with extra sauce that pizza was wonderful!  The crust was cooked perfectly, cheese was melted and their sauce was incredible. Their garlic fries are also very good.  I haven't tried fries like these anywhere else.  Make sure you try the Metro next time you order one of their pizzas.
5	Great food, seafood fra diavalo, garlic romano fries, and their amazing house Italian dressing! Mark is a wonderful and comical server! We will be coming back again!
4	pizza was good as always. The gothom which is like a supreme pizza. A large was the perfect size for four people. Busy on a Friday night.
5	Excellent pizza! Went here after checking out some of the other Yelp! reviews and we weren't disappointed. I ordered the individual triple play pizza, a thin crust pizza with two extra servings of sausage and it was delicious! My wife had the Domenica salad which was probably large enough to serve at least three people. For desert we had the sea salt caramel and spumoni gelato from the dessert bar and both were excellent. The service was great. Our waiter was on the spot and took our orders quickly and was very attentive, but not overly so. We were there on a Sunday evening and it was full, but not packed. We didn't have to wait for a seat, but there weren't many empty tables either. All in all a great place for a pizza or other Italian fare.
1	I've given Metro Pizza a fair shot at redemption several times and they still can't produce a good pizza.This place is pricey and with pizza being their specialty you would expect them to have perfected their craft. About six months ago I ordered the seafood pizza for pickup. When I arrived home (about a seven minute ride) not only was the pizza not hot but it was soggy. You couldn't grab a piece of pizza because it would just fall apart. I called and explained this to the manager and he (I forgot his name) not only apologized but had a new, much better pizza delivered for free to my home within 25 minutes.Last night I phoned in an order (Metro pizza) for pick up.  I arrived at the pick up counter 25 minutes later and my pizza was waiting for me.  I took that seven  minute ride home and once again disappointed!!! The pizza was semi raw and the extras cheese was definitely missing.However, What was more disappointing than the terrible pizza was the attitude of the manager on duty, Dave. He insisted that we bring the pizza to him and he had an "I don't give a s$%t attitude"  he didn't offer us a new pizza and my boyfriend, who explained our history with Metro pizza, quickly grabbed our money for the crappy pizza they expected us to eat and left.I was upset by this as and I called metro pizza today to speak to the manager and wouldn't you know.. It was Dave!!! Yes. He still had the same poor attitude and didn't care that I told him he just lost a customer. Beware... definitely NOT worth the expense!
3	Mediocre at best... Tonight was my first experience at Metro.  I ordered to go; eggplant parm/with salad and garlic knots. Not the worst eggplant parm I've ever had, maybe a 5 out of 10.  Sauce just OK, missing something, more cheese please on the baked parm, garlic knots pretty good, nothing I'd probably be craving in the future... And lastly the sad salad,  a pre-packaged iceberg head medley of wilted brownness.... Yuck!  And btw people, it's 2014, be done with styrofoam!! Toxic, non-bio degradable crap!
4	Get the stuffed pizza it is amazing! best pizza in Vegas IMO. if you want all around good italian food Napoli's is your place. If you want pizza and only pizza, Metro is the winner.
5	Just wanted to give a quick update.Pizza (and all food) at Metro has always been 5 stars. Last night my husband and I and the twins met one of our couple friends and their kids for PIZZA FRIDAY at 6pm. There was about a 25 min wait for our party of 8 and after waiting for 5-7 min the hostess asked us if they could sit us in a booth and table....next to each other...putting the kids at a separate table. GENIUS....three of the kids are 8 and one was 7 so we weren't worried about them expect for noise.....but it was a busy Friday and plenty loud! Our waitress promptly came up to us and asked if we were on a date night....she said have some wine and enjoy...I got the kids. SCORE.....so nice and professional and kid friendly.She treated the kids as if they were adults....they ordered their drinks and food and dessert....and they were so happy and she was so accommodating to them and us,I am forever grateful to the staff at Metro.....we will def be having more couples nights at Metro Pizza!!!
5	Great food! Have eaten here many times and it's always a great experience! The garlic knots and chicken fingers are my favorites. The service is always great. The entire staff is friendly and very helpful at recommending some of their favorites when we want to try something new. I always recommend metro to anyone that asks me where to get a great pizza, pasta or bar type food.
1	Gave this place a couple chances to redeem themselves and they couldn't do it.. We've been here 3 times and all 3 times we walk in there...wait 30 mins at our table and no one acknowledges us so we just leave....it's that bad
3	Okay review for tonight. Good pizza horrible waitress. Ordered a small pizza pepperoni, a large pizza came out. Manager came out and offered us to keep the large at the small price. Waitress was not paying attention at all. Then I showed her the coupon for my Yelp free beverage non alcoholic and when the bill came out she charged me for it, another issue.
1	We are regular customers at this Metro location and have been going here for years. We love the service, no complaints there!! We dined there yesterday, 6/10/2014.  Immediately upon entering the restaurant, the ghastly odor of sewage gas was apparent. We wanted to leave and headed out the door, only to see our fav server have our pitcher of beer ready and waiting, so we held it in and sat down. This is not the first time this sewage odor has occurred and they simply need to fix it, once and for all or close their doors until it is fixed.  I have sent them emails about this but sadly, no response. It is truly unthinkable and the health department should be alerted! Also, the quality of their cheese and crust has gone downhill considerably lately. There is no stretch to the cheese and it appears to be of a cheap and watered down variety....alas! more profit for them! So very disappointed in the overall quality of this once stellar pizza spot. Also, due to one of the managers ( no longer there) recommendations, they have done away with Bud Light on draft, offering instead, regular Bud. Really? Bud Light continues to be the number one selling beer in the world and does go well with pizza! We've kindly asked them to bring it back, but no dice! And although they offer Coors Light as a substitute, they are almost always out of it since most people today do prefer light beers. So disappointed, all around, and we will not be back unless we hear things have drastically improved.
1	Service sucks. Ordered a veggie pizza  for take out. 40 min later pizza is not ready.
5	It's Metro pizza. That is all that needs to be said. If you have never had Metro Pizza then you are missing out on some of the best Pizza in Vegas. Everything from the Pitchers of beer to the variety of pizza, calzones and pasta dishes are the best around. We get the garlic fries, calamari, Sausage pizza with metro crust. The Baked Ziti is probably the best we have had in town. I recommend you try it.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite pizza places in the Vegas Valley. Whether you prefer "traditional" ingredients, "exotic" pizzas, thin crust, thick crust, or regular crust, this restaurant has it all. They even have a collection of stuffed pizzas to choose from.The large pizzas can get a little pricey, but they're HUGE and great for sharing or having leftovers the next day. To get more bang for your buck, I suggest dining between 2:30-4:30 on weekdays when the pizzas are 50% off.It's difficult to narrow it down to just a few, but my favorite pizzas here are probably the Spring Street (meatballs, ricotta and roasted peppers), Abbondanza (pepperoni, sausage, ham and ground beef) and Mott Street (sausage, green peppers and onions). A lot of people I know love the Sunspot (grilled chicken, artichoke hearts, garlic, Roma tomatoes and fresh basil) and Seafood Fra Diavolo (grilled shrimp and calamari with mozzarella and tomato sauce).The Domenica Salad and Tuscan Salad are also excellent items to share and a lot of people feel this spot has the best meatball sliders in town. Whatever you decide on, make sure you save room for a cannoli for dessert. They're ridiculously good.
4	Metro is a place to go when you want a nice family setting with good pizza, good salads, and good bread products.  We love taking friends from out of town here and splitting one of the pizzas.  When we are by ourselves we always get a large salad with their house made italian.  the dressing is amazing.  Our favorite items are the garlic knot sliders.  The meatball is good, just wish they were whole or bigger meatballs.  The caprese (sp) is really good.  The mozzarella is fresh and the balsamic is very tasty.  All of their pizzas are good and the family friendly vibe keeps us coming back!
5	Great pizza, thin crust new York style. I go once a month. Great fun atmosphere. Gellato is amazing:)
4	This was the first time at this location. I normally go to the Tropicana location cause one of my friends favorite pizza and closer location for both of us. Not my all-time favorite but still big fan of Metro Pizza. The things like most about the pizza is the crust, dough, base tomato sauce use on most of the pizza, and toppings are great. I feel like everything is fresh. I have tried most of the pizzas on the menu from the Gotham and some of the calzones. Again with the calzone job well done the shell is nice golden brown, filling steaming hot from the first cut, and delicious. The diversity on the menu is fabulous that can never have the same pie twice in row. On this recovery meal (lunch) went for the Modesto Pizza with add sausage. Talk about hungry after 60miler bike ride. I literally ate the whole pie. It was awesome. The whole pie from the perfect crust not over crispy or burnt outside just right. The topping from the mushrooms, sausage, tomato, and basil all tasted fresh. Thin crust style pizza. My favorite style. The service was excellent. They even have free non alcoholic beverage with yelp check in. I got my soda for free. yay Yelp!! He was totally on it the whole time never having empty glass, checking up making sure our lunch was great, and even order take out before we left not problem. The location I would never know about if never went with group of friends. It right off the 215 so perfect spot on the way back from brick day or work out day at the Lake. One that am sure be back cause nothing better reload on carbs then Metro Pizza!!!
5	I really appreciated being able to call a little before the restaurant opened to order my pizza (about 30 mins). I had to pick up and bring to a pre-k party so it had to be ready on time. Every employee that helped, both on the phone and while picking up were very nice and accommodating. The pizza was really delicious, everyone enjoyed it. This is definitely joining the pizza rotation, joining settebello as our favorite. It also looked like a nice atmosphere to dine in as well.
4	One if our favorite places to meet as a family as well as taking visitors. The food is great and the service on point. Once in a while when they get super busy the service falls behind, which is why I didn't give five stars. The portions are big so be hungry or prepared for a to-go box. Definitely give them a try.
3	Well, when getting pizza at Metro I usually order the regular or stuffed pizza.  I have always enjoyed these in the past.  For the first time I decided to order the Spring Street "East Side" pizza. This style is supposed to be reminiscent of NYC Little Italy pizza circa 1905.  When I got it home and started to plate it, I noticed that the sauce was too heavy for the crust to hold it and 3/4 of the slice flopped over. The bottom was soggy and it had to be eaten with a fork and knife.  The taste of the sauce was zesty and robust.  The meatballs, peppers, and ricotta were all very good, but the extremely soggy bottom ruined it a bit for me.    Sorry Metro.
5	The best salad of your life will be the pasta salad with the best salad dressing of your life which is the honey cayenne salad dressing. Lettuce, tri color rotini, some cheese and breaded chicken.....simple but heaven on your taste buds. I have ordered this salad for years and it never disappoints anyone who has had a bite! The stuffed pizzas are also authentic, filling and delicious. We had the Cisero stuffed pizza with ricotta, meatballs and mozzarella dipped in meat sauce and ranch. The nuclear fries, garlic knots and the meatball sliders on garlic knots are killer too. Whoa am i full of happiness! The restaurant is cozy and the service has always been superb. FYI i am pregnant and i rarely get such satisfaction from food lately so when i say this was good, believe me! Go during happy hour, between 2-5pm i believe, when pizzas are half off!!!!!  They also have a different promo each day based off of your profession, attire or name so check it out and pick the day to go.
3	Good but way too greasy for my liking
4	Pizzas are yummy, but I love their meatball sliders! The atmosphere is here is so warm and welcoming. You can tell management takes care of the staff by the cohesive feel you get from the entire staff. Great customer service with cool funk atmosphere. The staff is very knowledgeable and make it simple to order food. Overall a nice Family fun night! Bring the kids and a hefty appetite.
1	The food and service are usually good here. Jarvis, your poor service just lost a customer  tonight. The newcastle is what we usually come here for. Had to ask for napkins, asked the bus boy for a beer refill, no water or milk refills. No utensils for the butter with our bread, gave us the wrong bill for stuff we didn't order. I left a more than generous tip for what service we got. Step up yo game Jarvis or you'll lose more customers for Metro! All on national cheese pizza day and Made sure I showed up late to skip the dinner rush. It is now 8:58 pm you can see the time and day on the receipt.
5	It's rare that an establishment in Vegas cares so much about the quality of its product and reputation that they invite you back (on them) to correct a bad experience.   This can be said of Metro Pizza.  After years of great food, I guess you're bound to have at least one bad order; and that happened for us a couple weeks ago. After looking at my last review, Metro saw that we got a pie that was below their usual standards, and quickly contacted me to make it right.  They invited us back and we gladly accepted. We went in for dinner last night and they treated us great.  John, the owner, spend a lot of time telling us stories and making sure everything was going well.  Our food and the experience were fantastic.  We started with the antipasto.  All the meats and cheeses tasted fresh.  The peppers, artichokes, and buffalo mozzarella were especially yummy. I had the chicken parm.  The chicken was pounded nice and thin, and was crispy on the outside andmoist inside...just the way I like it!  The sauce was great and the pasta was perfectly al dente.  Others in my party had the stockyard stuffed pizza and the gigantic ravioli.  They both looked great and I was assured that they were!!We will be back!  Especially to try the new Cicero stuffed pizza!!
1	I have been going to metro pizza for the 24 years I've being living in Las Vegas, I will never go back after today! Ordered my usual , small metro and nuke fries! Fries came perfect as usual pizza came looked like a normal pizza. Talked to bartender who has been serving me for years and he told me manager is busy get to me when he can! Came 15 minutes later told him this is not thick crust, he argued with me. I then asked to pay bill for a pizza for my kids and fries I ordered! Was rude and will never go back again! 24 years a loyal customer! Plenty of great places for pizza now! Better watch out for your customer service!
3	Good pizza & the garlic bread knots wasn't bad. The meal was a little pricey for pizza. The restaurant was extremely loud. Our server was very attentive and friendly. Overall, our meal was pretty average.
3	We have come back a few time since and the experience wasn't so great. The wait staff didn't really seem to care and the pizza was cold in the center on multiple occasions. We used to enjoy coming here but we haven't had a reason to go back in a while after a few bad experiences. When done right the food is great. But if you are missing ingredient just don't add vegetable as a filler... Or know what your pizza are actually supposed to have... :-/
4	everything here is pretty good.  Kids ordered spaghetti and meatballs, which they loved.  My husband and I shared a Modesto pizza and that was amazing, craving it as I'm writing this review haha.  The only thing that wasn't good was the minestrone soup, too salty for me
5	Hands down the best pizza place in Vegas. The thin crust is a good new York style. But I really like the metro its a thick crust pizza that will fill you with deliciousness. I also recommend the chicken finger mmmmmm gooood! Oh my wife wanted me to add get their salad and house dressing amazing.
4	The food is great. It is no wonder why this place is always packed. I would have to say that you would have to have a lot of time to eat here. You can't be in a rush or have any time constraints. It did take a while for the food to come out but it was great when it did. Our server checked on us throughtout dinner. I would definitely can me back.
5	We have been going to Metro Pizza for the past 5 years and the pizza is great and the kids love making their own pizzas too.
1	Update now I'm sure we will never be having Metro Pizza again. Last night we ordered for pick up. We called early it was Monday night football so we figured they would be busy. Let me begin by saying take out service and the salad are the only reasons to give even one star. I'm in my fifties so I have had my fair share of pizza. My husband and I got to play a game with our pizza where's the cheese. I had a slice where i could not find a shred of cheese lots and lots of sauce it was very very red. It had less cheese then the 1.25 frozen Tontino's pizza. We ordered wings eh not great just OK. I did not get a copy of my receipt did not notice till my husband asked how much I paid for the worst laughable pizza we have ever eaten. (Or not eaten)My recommendation do not leave the pick up area without opening the box to see if you have cheese on your pizza at 22.00 for a pizza it should have some cheese. Save some dough frozen beats this any day.
4	Pizza is the best in town and bread is delicious! It is a pizza joint - expect loud crowd, kids, and ok service. But food is great and portions are big.
1	I just called to order a pizza from here. I live literally 2.5 miles from the place. They wanted to charge $10 delivery charge. I mean I was willing to try the pizza even at the high price  but to charge that for delivery is just INSANE. I won't bother trying their pizza . I had to give it one star to post this.  Clearly undeserving
5	Our go to pizza place in Henderson.  Good pizza, good salads, excellent service. We love Cindy!
4	This was my first experience at Metro Pizza. I've heard so many wonderful things about this place I was super excited when my friends decided to have dinner here the other night. There was six of us in our group and when Joel and I arrived they already had a table waiting for us. The menu is large and it all sounds excellent. All three girls shared a pitcher of red Sangria cause they were out of white. It was fruity and had a great taste. Joel ordered a pizza from their stuffed section called The Skyline. I decided on a salad called the Domenica. It was basically an Italian chopped salad with their house Italian dressing. Which was pretty good, but I do wish it was garlickier. It had tiny bits of chopped ham and salami. Yum! Joel's pizza was huge and tasty. Everyone else in our group enjoyed their food as well. Our waitresses was on point and kept our bread basket filled and our water and soda  glasses topped off. She even split our bill in threes with out even being asked. The pizza wasn't the best I've had, but I'm glad we got to experience a pizza staple in Vegas. I'd go back to try another style of pizza and maybe some gelato. We all left happy and full!
5	Placed a To Go order tonight of a large pepperoni pizza w half sausage, garlic fries, and a chopped chicken salad. I ordered the chopped chicken salad w no feta and extra chicken. When we got our order home my salad did not have extra chicken. I called in and spoke to a manager. He took my order again and had another salad delivered within 20 min. He was very apologetic and didn't hesitate to send the corrected salad. Awesome customer service!! We were very appreciative. Thanks Henderson Metro Pizza!! We will def be back!
