5	Cliff went way beyond what he said he would do. The finished product was amazing. His price was tied for the lowest but I liked his work better. Easy and fun to work with and that's important! You won't be disappointed!
5	I highly recommend A1 Studios for all things video.  Videographer Cliff Gaines did the shoot and the post production.  Great to work with and really well organized.  Cliff helped us make some great choices.  The presentation video was very high quality and our business is making several uses of the video.  This is hd quality all the way through, the graphics added did a great job.  This was shot on location, and Cliff handled everything.
5	A1 Studios and Cliff Gaines are top notch, reliable, creative, timely, and dependable. All of our collaborations have been of the highest quality. Cliff is very professional and accommodating and will dig deep when the pressure is on!
5	Cliff provides such great service. He came out to where I was having an art show and put together a beautiful video about me and my paintings combining photos, video, dialog and music. And he was a delight to work with! What a blessing to work with A-1 Studios!
5	We have worked with Cliff on numerous projects.  From commecials to B Roll for press released, to in house loops...really you name it.  He's awesome and now part of the J Levine Family !
5	Cliff is a amazing Person! His passion for his work shines way beyond imagination. Use A1 Studios for Truly Amazing Commitment to Create Magical Worlds of your Imagination. If not your Imagination than just trust his Imagination. That is where the True Work Hides.
5	In our business of personal development, we help people learn how to livemore satisfying, successful lives. Capturing images and video that reflectpure emotion is vital in communicating our strengths. Cliff Gaines and A1Studios have effectively snapped strong images and video that we have beenable to leverage in many of our marketing vehicles. Yet, he has been ableto get this done without being obtrusive. Our personal development courseattendees hardly knew he was there, yet we now have wonderfully alivepictures to share.Cliff is great to work with and a true professional. He is as professionalin post-production as he is shooting our events and courses. I recommendhim to any business or private photography or video opportunity.www.michaelbernoff.com
5	Cliff Gaines of A1 Studios has done numerous videos for my clinic. They are excellent otherwise Cliff would have never allowed them out of his studio. His work is precise, creative, clean and worthy of the highest praise. I consider him a true artist at his work. His knowledge of lighting and background makes anyone in their video look great. We have had a number of events at our clinic over the years and Cliff has put together some great picture and video memories. He is so easy to work with that you hardly know he is there. If anyone is looking for a video or photos for their business I would strongly suggest contacting Cliff Gaines at A1 Studios. You wont be sorry.
