5	No reviews are needed for Panama West Island (if you have been to the one on Jean Talon you'll know why) and that is why I forgot to write one. Best Greek food in the West Island. We have been frequenting this place for several years. The food is exceptionally good.........(this is not Casa Grec, Porte Grec or Marathon type food), the portions are big, this is great for families. You must try the full chicken, a salad with Greek feta, oven baked potatoes, grilled octopus, lamb roast (only Thur & Fri), lamb chops, grilled mushrooms, fish.......I could go on.  Go and be the judge. Great service every time.
4	As it was my mother's birthday I asked her what type of food she wanted to eat  "Greek" she said. Panama was not the first place that sprang into my mind - A) I hadn't been there yet and B) with a name like Panama greek food is not the first thing that springs to mind. So looking at the pitiful choice for greek we have here on the west island i did a yelp search and lo and behold...We had reservations for around 6:30. Being a group of 7 we were seated along the back wall - a good spot as we were well out of the fray, because as the night went on the place became filled to the rafters literally (they have a loft area as well).The service was friendly and our waiter was as attentive as he could be considering the number of clients he was taking care of . It did appear that they were a little short staffed but it really didn't affect the service all that much, so that speaks volumes.To start, I ordered a Pikiia platter and it was plenty for the table. Everything on the platter was delicious We ordered 2 orders of sea bass which we split between 3 people with an couple orders of rice and potatoes and and house salads for all , my brother ordered the lamb platter which was delicious but not enough for a man with a big appetite, my husband had the souvlaki platter, my sister the red snapper and my daughter a greek salad. The food was delicious. My mother even sucked the life out of the fish heads! The cocktails (margaritas, mojitos and a dirty martini) were also really good.The total at the end of the night was near $600 but considering we were 7 people, ordered alcohol and a bottle of wine - I'd say it was pretty reasonable. I'll go back for sure.
5	My co-workers and I always make it a point to visit this restaurant at least twice when we happen to be working in Montreal.  You can not go wrong with the grilled chicken, lamb platter and grilled octopus.  The service was pretty good considering how busy it is whenever we go there.   I could eat two lamb platters if I ever had my way, but it's great to have a group and eat family style.
2	We originally would have gone to Marathon's but since they're still closed for renovations, we decided to try this place out (that and we reallllly wanted Greek food). The reviews online were decent, so we decided to give it a whirl. When we arrived, staff greeted us nicely and we were promptly seated; decor is very tasteful and classy, compared to other Greek restaurants I've been to. I ordered the chicken souvlaki pita, and it came with rice, house salad and potatoes (I opted to switch them to fries). I wouldn't call the service fast or slow, considering we were a large group, it was decent. I must say, I was happy/relieved I switch my potato for fries, because their house specialty potatoes were doused in what tasted like lemon juice and a pound of salt. The fries were alright, nothing too exciting. The rice and salad were pretty oily and a bit bland, but still edible. The chicken souvlaki pita seemed to be lacking in the chicken department; I must've gotten the scrawniest souvlaki stick because there wasn't much meat in that thing. Normally after a Greek meal, I'm pretty stuffed, but I went home still a bit hungry. It was a little disappointing, considering their prices are higher than the average Greek joint (i.e. Arahova's or Marathon's), I don't think we'll be going back.
4	I used to hit the west island location until the Laval one opened and in general the Laval location is notably better.I don't recommend ordering pitas or whatnot like other yelpers have. I did it once wasn't impressed and it's not what they are all about. If you visit this resto I recommend their specialty which is the chicken or the lamb. I recommend sharing it with folks as it feeds 2 to 4 mouths.We love to go on an appetizer rampage however.During this visit my review was : - The tzatziki was really good,- The Greek sausages were decent but felt off.- The Greek potatoes were good- The saganaki was extremely good and quite tasty.My favorite desert favorite is the loukumades. (honey doughnut balls)The service is generally quick and friendly.
3	Nice family Greek restarant. We ordered the 1/2 lb Grilled Lamb plate (Fri/ Sat only), grilled whole chicken, grilled whole sea bass,  greek salad, fried calamari, rice, potatoes, half fried eggplant half fried zuchinni.  Everything was for sharing. The food was good. The grilled meat was good, but did not have alot of flavour.  The lamb was a bit on the salty side.
