5	they are absolutely great!!!
5	WOW Great service. They arrived early. Great communication. I would recommend them 100%. They move your furniture and clean the entire floor. Very professional crew. I have to agree with the other reviewer that the staff is always courteous and very easy to work with.
5	I wouldn't use anyone else.....  Very professional staff and the price is right!!!!  Thanks Raysco!!!!
5	I just realized that after using Raysco 3 times, I've never left them a review. I'm surprised because I really like this company, so I am here to fix that.The first time we used them was 2 years ago when moving into our rental. Our family has pet allergies and we can't live in a house that has had pets in it. Unfortunately, a lot of the time with rentals, you can't be sure if a pet has been there. We called raysco because of the recommendation from our realtor and they came out and cleaned all air ducts, deep cleaned the carpets, and also did the tile. Our house not only looked better than the first time we saw it, but we also didn't have any allergies to the house! We've been living in that same house over 2 years now and have used them twice since then for carpet cleaning. The guys doing it have always been wonderful and done a thorough job. They might cost a few more dollars than renting a machine from a store but seriously after you drive to the store, rent the machine, buy all the cleaner, and do the hard work yourself, you aren't saving much, if anything. Plus, these guys do a better job and all you have to do is call and make an appointment. What's that? You saw a sign on a street corner for $20 carpet cleaning? Well, I'll save you the time and money and tell you that it won't really be $20 and they will try their hardest to rip you off after coming to your home with a sketchy, unmarked van. (It's happened to more than one friend.) Ok, review over. Call Raysco!
5	This company works magic on your carpet.  I had my 1500 sq foot house done, stairs and all.  You would not believe the stains that were clearly removed.  Stains that other companies told me couldn't be removed by conventional carpet cleaning.  Like spilled red cough syrup.  GONE!  Their professionalism is second to none!  On time, trustworthy (I left him in the house alone) and completed when they say they will be completed.  They are always professional and knowledgeable and don't try and up-sell you on anything.  The carpeting dried quickly, was soft and the house looked brand new.  The price is ALWAYS right too!
5	These guys deserve a great review.   They are on time, professional, polite, go above and beyond to make sure you are happy. I've used many carpet services in my 60 plus years of life and these guys are the best I've found. Highly recommend them
5	Well we have been living in our rental 4 years now and are still using Raysco. Still always on time, professional, super friendly, and do a really great job. Sign up for emails...sometimes they send out specials that way!
5	I work for a large insurance company and I ALWAYS call Raysco for any water remediation claims (ie prevention of mold when you've had a water pipe burst).  They are on site in minutes and even the pickiest claims adjustor can find no fault in their work.  Even my boss, who can see a spec of dust at 100 paces on the office floors raves about what a great job Raysco does on our office flooring.  Then I bought an old house from a couple who'd purchased it in 1980 and probably never had the carpets professionally cleaned.  Everyone who came to my house told me to just buy new flooring...turns out that's REALLY expensive!  I decided to give Raysco a chance first and I'm SOOOOO glad I did.  The technician called me from my house that morning to tell me they offered a "deep scrubbing" service - YES.  In a few short hours it absolutely looks like I have BRAND NEW carpeting...and it was GROSS before they started.  I saved myself thousands of dollars by cleaning instead of replacing.  If they can get my carpets clean they can get ANYONE'S carpets clean.  Give them a call.  You'll absolutely not be disappointed.
5	I've been using these guys for about 7 years at both my home and office. Service is always great. They actually get the dirt out and the price is always fair.
