4	This is the closest major supermarket chain to my house... (That and Smith's across the street) Hence it is my main stay for all things grocery shopping. Yes.. Many times they are overpriced but because of convenience and force of habit, they are my number one choice for grocery store shopping. On a side note, they occasionally run really good deals if you have an Albertsons card.
3	Overall - A normal supermarket experience. Not bad, but not great.1.  Good Discounts - If you have an Albertson's card2.  Post Office - Small post office inside, which makes it very, very convenient for those living near.3.  Wells Fargo - Lost the 7 day a week small bank here, so this was not good.4.  Pricing - Adequate.5.  Selection - Normal, like everywhere else.6.  Quality Deli- Below normal. Generic and not great.7.  Produce - My god I must always come here the wrong day. Many of their produce is in bad shape, wilted and all. I come looking for cabbage, bok choy, green onions, ginger, green beans, zucchini and most of the time I have to go to Smiths to get what I need for these...Convenient to go to, I still go here, but I am not excited about their produce.
3	The employees here are helpful & friendly otherwise they would have only gotten 2 stars from me. This is the closest big chain grocery store to me so I have gone here a few times out of convenience. I was surprised that I had to get a Preferred Savings card since the Albertsons I lived near before did not require one. The checkout clerk was very nice though & got me a card with the minimum amount of info filled out.  Some of the reasons why I'm not crazy about shopping here..1. Unless it's on sale, it's ridiculously expensive. I could not believe the price of milk when not on sale (4.69/gallon) 2. The layout doesn't make sense & the signs are not labeled correctly for what's in each aisle. I pass by aisles all the time b/c things are not listed on the overhead signs.3. The produce is expensive even when on sale & the quality is very poor. If it looks good, it's expensive. 4. It's HUGE. I guess I like a smaller, more intimate store where I don't feel like just saying screw it if I get to one end & realize that I forgot to get something on the other end. Or maybe it wouldn't feel so big if the layout was more cohesive & I didn't have to go up & down every aisle looking for items that I overlooked while walking by the 1st 2 times!The only thing that night make shopping here easier is if they handed out maps at the entrance. Wish I was kidding about this :/
1	How can this store be in any way related to the amazing Albertson's at Silverado & Maryland? I just don't see it. This Albertson's is the red-headed stepchild of the Albertson's chain, I think. It's close to home, which is why I went in... but I will not be going back.Pruny vegetables, a distinct lack of selection and freshness, and a frightening idea of what cleanliness means. The employee from whom I asked aide in locating a few things didn't seem to know the difference between a squash and a tomato (yes, it was that bad), and had a script memorized about how the bagged salads and herbs were better for me than the fresh stuff? What the.... (insert incredulous expletive here, I did)?The worst part was, while his thinking was not my thinking, and I believe that fresh is the way to go, their bagged stuff was probably of better quality!The tomatoes were squishy and wrinkled. The herbs were limited and a bit dry. The onions and potatoes were into the growing stage. The fruit had obviously been sitting there a while. The red meats were brown and the brown meats were... I don't know what that was.Spend the extra few minutes and go down the street to Silverado/Maryland if you want an Albertson's that's worth your business.
2	The quality of everything is far less than other locations and Albertson's from an earlier time. If the chicken they served at their deli tonight is their new recipe, then I cringe the thought but am more susceptible to returning to to KFC's fried blasphemy.This chicken was drier than Walmart's deli chicken, and had absolutely no taste. I fed half of a breast to my dog and she rejected it. I am so-not-looking-forward-to eating the other 7 pieces, but I'm unemployed and beggars can't entertain the choice of choosing. The Albertson's on Eastern and Warm Springs had never served chicken this bad. Once I have at least a min. regular wage, I will opt to travel the extra 6 miles, but for now, the quality of everything in Henderson is looking bleak. Oh and price comparison to products:Walmart: $1.07, K-mart: $.99, Target: $1.09, Walgreens: $1.29, Albertson's: $1.49----------another minus.
3	We used to go here all the time, but then we found out how much cheaper it was to shop at Walmart.All in all the service has been pretty good at this location, but the last few times I have gone in it looks to be a whole new crew... Wonder how that's going?
2	Cheaper than Whole Foods, but not by much. Pros: Clean storeOrganic produce selection is good. The Starbucks staff is friendly. Cons: Pricing is ridiculously high unless you find an on sale item. Security likes to follow you around. No I don't need to steal your stuff, sorry, no bust for you Mr. Wannabe cop. Dream on pal. Meat Counter is not as helpful as Vons or Whole Foods. Organic milk choices are weak, and what they do have is excessively overpriced. For a high end store they don't carry Valencia Orange Juice or good 2% Organic Chocolate Milk. For those things you have to go to Vons. Overall, if you need something and are pressed for time, go ahead and stop here. But if you want to watch what you spend, you really must go elsewhere.
1	This place is the priciest of all of the grocery stores. My husband, being sweet and feeling sorry that I was not having my usual Christmas Eve fish feast (it's an Italian thang.....) purchased seafood here. He did it as a kind gesture, but unfortunately if he would have asked me, I would have told him to avoid this place and their smelly fish at all costs. Seriously.... can you even walk past the "fish department" here without vomiting? The smell is horrid! Well, I obliged him and suffered the consequences, spending all of Christmas morning praying for death to swiftly take me. I make it a point not to return to this store.
3	Since this is so close to my work, I'm usually here for quick 5-10 minute trips for lunch. Otherwise, I haven't really grocery-shopped at this location. Thus, my review is mostly based on their deli counter with primary focus on their ready-made food. Since I'm not a big fan of fast food, having a grocery store nearby is a lifesaver. I love being able to get hot and cold food that can comprise a balanced meal. I really enjoy their potato wedges and I used to love ordering their "You Pick 3" special that includes one meat (loved the zesty wings or crispy chicken tenders) and two sides for $5.99. Great deal with a good portion of food. I like their Cucumber and Tomato Salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, Vinaigrette) the most - it's been the most consistent with flavor and overall quality. It's refreshing and healthy. Their broccoli salad, Caesar salad, Buffalo Chicken pasta salad, and Lemon Broccoli pasta salad are all decent as well. Ultimately, I love being able to grab a quick, tasty, and relatively healthy lunch and the staff that work behind the counter are wonderful as well!
1	This store needs a MAJOR makeover. I feel like I'm walking back into the mid 80's when I go in there...which isn't very often because its just dirty and old in there. They also don't carry a lot of things that I find in other stores. Come on Albertsons give this store a makeover it's practically in my backyard and would be a huge convienance  for me!! Lets move that bus!!!!
4	All I have to say is that sometimes Albertsons has some crazy deals. I came in one week to look for a thick cut pork chop, only to find that there was a special on ribs. Who does a buy one, get two racks free deal? Apparently Albertsons. My only regret is that I did not buy six racks. They freeze well and once thawed out, they cook up phenomenally.
