4	I rented a karaoke machine for the FEZ Holiday Jamboree...at first glance the equipment looked antiquated, weathered and beat. Much like myself at the end of the FEZ Holiday Jamboree. Because I'm severly challenged with electronics and such, I had someone set it up for me. It worked like a charm. We had over 400 CDs, 2 wireless mikes, speakers and a tv monitor. The monitor looked like something we had in our basement rec room growing up. But who cares? It did the job. Total cost was around $180. Beware of my youtube rendition of Rock Lobster, Love Will Keep Us Together and, as Mr. Johnny Cash himself, rolls over in his grave, Ring of Fire. Youtube viewers, you've been warned.
4	Karaoke fans in Phoenix, listen up!! I recently celebrated my birthday with friends and thought an evening of karaoke combined with homemade hats was just the ticket!! I have rented from Karaoke Now on several other occasions for work and had been very happy with the quality of equipment. This particular event was no exception... IT WAS A BLAST!! A few of my guests were a little disappointed that the song list didn't include a few karaoke favs like "I'm too sexy" and "I've got you babe"... but like any good group of drunks they butchered other popular tunes instead!! The only negative thing I have to say is, current economy considered, the price was a little steep at $162.00. And if you really do your homework after a few rentals you could purchase the equipment yourself and rent the crap ton of discs!! At any rate... if your looking for a good time mix one part karaoke with an unlimited number of cocktails and you have a party my friends!! Call Karaoke Now!!
5	As a Realtor, I am routinely the trusted source for a variety of service provider recommendations to my clients. I count on the vendors I recommend to exemplify professionalism, good workmanship and fair pricing. Late on a Friday afternoon, a client asked me for a recommendation for a Karaoke rental for a birthday party in less than 24 hours. This was a first for me, and scouring the Internet I came across Karaoke Now. Steve was immediately helpful and put my mind at ease with just the right set up and delivery options for the next morning. Pricing for the top of the line system was fantastic, and Steve even provided me his personal cell number (rare these days) should anything go wrong. Ray arrived at the home right on time, set up the system and provided detailed instructions on the use of this great system. The party was a complete success and 100% of it was due to the superb system Karaoke Now provided. Endless fun, and nearly 10,000 songs to choose from - spanning all generations - the system was excellent. Karaoke Now has earned my business (and my recommendation) going forward. It was refreshing to find Steve's customer service mentality in an industry full of companies that promise the world, only to find disappointment. I stake my reputation on working with businesses that mirror my service level and Karaoke Now did so effortlessly. A big THANK YOU to Steve and Ray. Yelpers, you will not be disappointed.
5	I've been in to Karaoke Now a few times to get cables and other hardware that I needed for various music and karaoke things locally. The staff here is really good. They are very knowledgeable about the products they sell, and it's a lot more comfortable to buy things from here than it is guitar center or other places. Nothing against guitar center, they have a nice selection too...it's just a lot more comfortable (I feel) to deal with Karaoke Now than there. It's less intimidating and more welcoming when you walk through the door, and that is an instant sales point in their favor.As far as the staff goes, Steve, Keith, Storm, and Michael all seem to specialize in specific areas and have always given me great advice when I came in, so it's likely that the things you'll buy here are more likely to last quite a while, since rather than other stores where their push is to sell things that are on sale, Karaoke Now's emphasis seems to be more on selling you a quality item that is going to be durable and reliable for you.The music selection is pretty good, too. There are a few CDGs that were on the shelf that I wanted, but there were a few others that I might have to wait for. Their web site seems to be in transition too, so it was easier for me (at least recently) to call in or visit the store in person rather than go online. The products are there, but availability changes, so with my experience I found it best to call in or stop by to see what was new and what they had there. Even still, the most important thing (to me) was that they had the specific music equipment that I was looking for, and they did. :) This is a good store to go to whether you're a karaoke enthusiast, karaoke host, avid musician, or all of the above. Thanks!
