5	Getting into an accident is always a pain in the butt. Whether it's your fault or theirs, it's annoying. Fortunately, Keffer Collision makes a crummy situation totally tolerable. I've (unfortunately) gotten into 2 accidents in the last year and have taken my car to Keffer both times. The service is outstanding. They can usually get your car in in just a day or two and don't make you leave it there while they order parts. Once you bring you car in for the actual repairs, they keep you updated as things progress and give you a realistic expectation for when the repairs will be complete. Both times, my car has actually been fixed SOONER than originally agreed upon! They will also set you up with a rental if you need one at an extremely discounted price (or free!). The repairs themselves make your car look brand new; they really do a great job. Both times, Scott (I believe he's the service manager), has called a week or so after to follow up and make sure everything is the way I expected it to be. Amazing service all around! I cannot say enough great things about Keffer Collision and highly recommend them to anyone who has the unfortunate luck of being in an accident.
5	I have unfortunately been in 2 rear end car accidents since I bought my new car! I took my car to Keffer the first time because it was close to where I lived and the other driver's insurance company suggested them. I had no previous knowledge of their work before handing my keys over but not only did Keffer get my car fixed sooner than they had even projected but they had helped me with the rental car pick up and turn in, and had my car washed and cleaned when I came to pick it up! They also stayed in touch with me throughout the whole procedure! I was so impressed that when luck would have it that I was in yet another accident, I brought my car back to Keffer! They remembered my name and were very friendly and and all the staff are a pleasure to work with! The second accident was much more severe so it took longer to fix but the car looks brand new again and their service standards in going above and beyond in every way, where as wonderful, if not better, the second time around!I fully recommend anyone to Keffer Collision!
5	I went to Keffer after reading the reviews on Yelp.  They're as good as everyone says they are.  Scott (who gave me my estimate and scheduled the repair) was very professional and super kind.  They also kept me up to date with phone calls regarding the repair status of my car as they were working on it. The repair was completed on time and when I went to pick up my vehicle, they'd COMPLETELY cleaned it.  And I don't just mean an exterior wash.  They'd cleaned and vacuumed every inch of my vehicle, including the cup holders and glove compartment.  It looked amazing.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for an excellent, professional body shop with stellar customer service.
5	The overall customer experience I received when dealing with Keffer Collision was FANTASTIC.  I had recently moved from NJ to NC and Scott Myers and his excellent team thoroughly evaluated and estimated the costs.  They went above and beyond and I can't say enough how this experience has made me a LongTime customer.  I have never had such a great experience when dealing with any auto shops, but Keffer Collision especially Scott Myers and Brandon Brewer are first class professionals.  I highly recommend this auto body shop!
5	This is probably one of the best body shops in the area.  I've never been to a shop with great customer service like theirs.  Being in a car accident can be very stressful but they make it as painless as possible.  They took care of all the paperwork and even dealt directly with the car rental place.  All I had to do was drop my car off and the rental company picked me up.  They were in constant communication with me and even had daily photo updates of the car's progress on their website.  I highly recommend going to this place if your car needs some work done.
5	I took my 2001 burgundy honda civic here after a wreck that left considerable damage to the left side front bumper. I worked with JQ and he always kept me up to date on the status of my car, drove me to the Enterprise rental shop to pick up my rental, helped keep the cost down by obtaining used parts, matched the color perfectly and even gave my car a full detail upon pick up. I would definitely recommend this place to friends who needed any work done on their car.
5	This place totally gets customer service!  Awesome experience - my car was rear ended last spring and my insurance company recommended Keffer Collision.  It was a great experience - J.Q. was terrific in insuring everything was done to my satisfaction and kept me totally up to date on the status.  My daughter then had an accident with the car a few months later and I took it to them again.  Same great experience. When the car was ready, it was cleaned and spotless.  Great service!
