2	Stayed here for 3 days. For $40 I don't know if you can do much better. The room was clean and the beds were made when we arrived in the room. The service was pretty bad. We had to go downstairs for towels or anything, they would not bring anything up to us. There was no cold water. While I understand it was 115F outside.. shouldn't they have plumbing that compensates for that? Other than that it was a decent place to sleep.
3	My husband and I stayed at Red Roof Inn Chandler for five nights. We chose the hotel based on location and budget friendly price. It is conveniently located right off of the highway, about 15 minutes from the Phoenix airport and very close to good restaurants and fun things to do with the family.The price was perfect for what you get. Our room was $65 per weeknight and $70 for Friday and Saturday. The room was average sized and the beds were clean. Our housekeeper came to replace our linens each day and make our bed, but I did notice she didn't clean the sink or the bath tub. That bothered me at first but when we checked out and realized we saved $220, it seems really trivial.There wasn't a hairdryer or iron/ironing board in the room, but all I had to do was call the front desk and go down and pick them up.All in all it's a great hotel for the price and we would definitely stay there again.
2	I don't think I've ever stayed at a red roof inn, until my recent visit to Phoenix, AZ.  I booked this hotel on priceline.  I remember bidding half of the asking amount, and they gave it to me.  So let me start off saying for the price I paid it was amazing! ($40.00 friday and saturday night rate)But don't let that fool you... here are some things to consider when considering this place:1.  You will probably hear people above you and to the side of you.  There is not a very good barrier between rooms.2.  The elevator smells of cigarette smoke to the point of nausea.3.  The location is a little odd, so you better have some GPS to lead you in.  Now the good:1.  The location is amazing.  It's right next to IKEA, if you're into that sort of thing.  Think "500 days of Summer".2.  The two beds in my room were on the small size, but they were comfy.3.  There was a decent selection of channels to watch on the TV.4.  They have dark chocolate at the check-in desk: grab a bunch for your room!5.  If you forgot toothpaste or a razor, Walgreens is just down the street.
