4	Good. It cost around $30-$40 to get a rent stuff. The people working there are nice. The scene is outdoors with a lot of obstacles. You must be able to tolerate pain because these paintballs hurt though! haha
4	This place is AWESOME! Being on and from the East side, we run out of things to do, usually all the cool stuff is on the West side in either Scottsdale or Phoenix. Having something close that is fun to do is a cool change of pace! This place is an outdoor course for both paintball and air soft guns. They have everything you need, so if you are a newbie you can go without any gear and they will get you taken care of! The prices are decent for rentals and you can pay one fee and play for as long as they are open for the day. It's pretty hot out right now, so I would definitely recommend going as soon as they open. By 10am we were sweating our butts off and ready to leave after about 5 games. If you are a girl, don't worry, it doesn't hurt too much at all! I would suggest wearing a long sleeve shirt and some pants for your first few times! Once you get better you can show some more skin, but bear skin will bruise a lot easier then covered skin. Also get one of the chest guards, to protect more of your body. I got shot a few times and only left with one good bruise, really didn't hurt at all! I can't wait to go again! The people who work here are very nice, happy and have a good time!Side note - There are some people who take this game seriously, so if you go out for your first time and just for fun, try to stay out of their way so they can enjoy themselves too. They aren't rude, but they are determined to WIN! So watch out! Haha! And ladies..... no potty..... so be prepared to hold it or cop a squat!  :)
5	I just got into paintball as a sport about 3 months ago so I have not been to many fields. Wild West is really awesome compared to the other fields I have been too. I usually go to this place on saturday nights for night paintball, its from 5pm to 10pm. They light up the field and there are plenty of places to hide. The prices are awesome at this place and you can bring your own paintballs! Most courses make you use their paintballs and then they jack up the prices, not this place! The people there are very nice and know a lot about paintball guns so if you have any questions they are always happy to help you. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
2	I would like to start off that I have been playing for quiet sometime and have worked & ran numerous fields.If you live in the area it's a pretty close field if you live in the EAST VALLEY still close westside your going to want to hit Fighter Town.Admission - if using a semi 30.00 is what my friend paid, if playing pump 15.00 and air is included not a bad deal Ref staff - morning started slow everyone waking up still but they got the games rolling and made it happen, through the course of the day ( we played from 9-1 ) I can't tell you how many games we played tey turned games rather quickly and divided teams up pretty well each game or left the teams how they where, every 3-4 games they would re-do teams to keep it fresh and the rental players where playing well also and I heard no complaints about teams ( people with customs ) Playing fields - The fields need to be set up a bit better one field looks like they just took a bunch of hyper ball tube and laid it all over the field, the far side is a dead zone you will have to make a push to not get hosed, the close side favors your all over the field.Here is my downside to this field and I addressed it with the owner , In paintball you have a barrel sleeve that catches paintballs if you pull the trigger and a ball is fired it prevents anyone from loosing a eye due to negligence by catching that paintball.  The AIRSOFT players are not held to this same standard. They only have to pull their magazine or clip out and are told to clear their gun. We watched numerous players with magazines and clips in guns waiving them around people that where not wearing safety goggles or glasses and dry firing their guns in the safe area. We spent a lot of our time in the staging area watching for these players and where they pointing their guns. As long as they DO NOT REQUIRE AIRSOFT PLAYERS TO USE BARREL SLEEVES I would suggest playing somewhere else all it takes is one shot to the eye and your going to be injured, this may seem like it's not a big deal to some but in the 25 years of playing this is SAFETY RULE NUMBER 1 I give them 2 stars on refs on point and turning games and price Airsoft held them back from 5 due to safety, the airsoft staff yelling at some kid to move his car several times after he heard them the first time and wasn't moving fast enough to their standards, and dry firing constantly.Sorry guys but this is a walking law suit waiting to happen.
