1	Blues BarBQ just opened a week back, in what used to be the Spaghetti Factory. The place has the appearance of a sports bar at first. I thought it looked like any other sports bar, but it's a little better than that. It does offer a nice place to have private parties and even a smoke room (fully enclosed) for those who would smoke. Lots of TV's everywhere, all playing the same thing. They have two different types of barbecue sauce so ask for a taste and they will gladly bring samples. Closed August 5, 2010 My wife and I enjoyed a pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and Franks Hot Sauce, one side order comes with that and I got a tossed salad, my wife got the pasta with cheese sauce. The water is served in a 2 quart Mason jar; also 4 muffins were served with it. I saw families with small children there and the kids were having fun, and were a little noisy but no one really bothered. With tax the meal came to $21.00 before tip. The service was good. Out of business.
4	We finally decided to give this place a try. The waitress was pleasant, food was good. It took a little long to get our food but the place was busy so that was understandable. It's a little pricey but if you like BBQ you won't regret spending the little extra to get something good.
3	Since I am back to being a road warrior...I thought I would try something local and convenient.The building is nice, clean and comfortable.  They were not too busy on the Tuesday night I went.  Good:Brisket!  REALLY tender, flavorful, cooked just right!  A+Sausage was good...not too spicy, small in size and taste.  BFried Okra - ANYONE WHO SERVES FRIED OKRA IS OK BY ME!! ABaked Beans - good flavor, nothing outstanding.  BMini cornbread muffins - tasty.  ABad:I had a seat that gave me a direct view of the kitchen (and ear shot).  The owner was yelling at the cooks, the wait staff, the kitchen crew...I felt fortunate that he didn't come yell at me.  I mean honestly...he was furios the whole night and I got to sit and listen to him.Also, the service was VERY slow.  It took 20 minutes from the time I asked for a "to go" box and check to actually getting to sign the cc slip and leave.  The food was slow coming too, but worth the wait.The sauce had a little too much sugar...even slightly crunchy there was so much.I would assume you'd have a MUCH better experience than I.  Just  don't sit near the kitchen!
2	The food is good, but the owner who is involved most displays horrible customer service and yells at his employees constantly.  They also pay late, as well as bounce checks and underpay.  They owe me $800+ in payroll currently.  Awesome business ethics.If you do eat there, try the chili and the Fresh Catch salad w/ shrimp.
2	Good-  Mason jar beverages-  Mini cornbread muffinsBad-  Nobody at the door on a Saturday night-  Had to ask for silverware/napkinsUgly-  The platter I had was a mess of fatty pork and brisket in sauce.  The 1/2 chicken was the only thing that was decent...overall presentation horrible and no offering to try various sauces available...had to ask for side of bbq sauce it came out in a side cup with a spoon...obviously not proud of their sauces.  I was surprised to hear one of the owners was from Chicago where there are a number of examples of good bbq.  I don't see this place surviving unless they drastically improve things and bring in live music on a regular basis.  A management presence would help the overall feel of the front of house operations as well.  On a side note the bathroom checklist in the men's room is dated the last week of April...minor detail but it is clearly displayed on the back of the door.
2	Okay, so finally tried the place....it was okay.  There was no one at the host stand when we walked in, waited a few minutes, then heard a man yelling at a waitress to go seat us. Turns out it was our waitress and she did not look too happy.Let's get to the nitty gritty- what was good:whole catfish (minus the head even though I would've liked it with) moist inside and crunchy outside.baked beans were AWESOME! even for someone like me to hates beansHalf chicken was decent, nice flavor but some parts were pretty dryTurnip greens were goodThe not so good:Our waitress was very helpful but was so slow and at times we had to have the other wait staff find her for usMy man had the peach tea...it was a little on the tangy side ( uh its supposed to be peach, not lemon tea)Mini cornbread, dry and a little hardLots of other customers complaining and wanting to talk to the manager due to the kitchen taking FOREVER to get the food outOverall, it was just okay- don't think we'll be back...location is closer to our house but think we'll drive all the way to GV and go to Lucille's instead.
1	It's almost sad that I have to even give this place one star. If there was a half a star option, I'd be happier. So, I guess with my one star, I'll say the sweet tea was pretty good.The rest was terrible.Our waitress, who resembled a brunette Lisa Kudrow, was a few chromosomes short of a normal functioning human being. As a server myself, I know that it's a stressful job. It doesn't take 20 minutes to bring drinks to 3 people when there is no wait and only 5 other people in the restaurant. She, not only charged us for our meal, but also for my roommates meal. A $30 meal turned into $70, and from that, a whole lot of problems.When we went back, the sign said they would open at 3. When we went back at 3, the sign said 4. When we returned again, pissed off, the sign said 5. Finally, around 6, they opened and I talked to some shady chick who was the front of house manager who said she couldn't do anything about the extra charges on my card, so then we waited for one of the owners. He then said he couldn't do anything (go figure) and said he'd do his best to take care of it. I finally got tired of waiting for days, and went through my credit card company. The food was mediocre at best. Our roommate had the Mint Juliep, which was actually pretty good. Kudos to the bartender and only the bartender. I had the pulled pork, my roomie had the brisket, and my girlfriend had the catfish. We all concluded that the best thing on any of our plates was the fried okra. The brisket would've been better without the bbq sauce on it. And the catfish... Ugh. Greasy and fatty.It takes a LOT for me to get upset enough to write a BAD review on anything because, on a whole, I'm pretty easily satisfied and tolerant. Let's be realistic, I'm a server at a restaurant that people either LOVE or HATE and has 3 stars on here! This place is shady to say the least. Nobody has a clue what's going on. From what I see on craigslist, there is a lot of financial trouble with this place. Hopefully with all the money they seem to be pocketing from employees, they can hired some smart servers or just give up entirely.
