3	While Susan may have written the "first review" this will be the first true review of the entire Larger Than Life experience of Louie Anderson.Tucked away upstairs in the corner theater near the Octane Bar is the Thunder From Down Under theater which is also the home of Ronn Lucas and Louie Anderson.  While we were waiting in line to get into the show, Louie actually came out and greeted everyone waiting in line quite warmly.  He stated he'd stick around until everyone was in to take a picture and chit chat for a moment.  I'm used to some acts coming out after the show; this was very cool for him to do it before the show.  Obviously they were just trying to sell pictures in the end, but some time meeting the actor/comedian was kinda cool.The theater itself isn't that big, so any seat will give you a good view of the act.  Louie is fairly funny, speaking a lot about Vegas at first before moving on to his life growing up with a kleptomaniac mother and drunk father.  He interacts with the audience well and overall is a good comedian.  If you've seen him before and liked him you will like this show.  If you haven't seen him before, check him out on Youtube.  The tickets are about $60 bucks.  Pricey for a comedian act so see if you can get a discount somewhere before checking him out.  There is a bar in the back, too; not sure what the drink cost was.Note: Starting July 17, he will be on vacation until August 29th.
3	My husband and I had a coupon (buy 1 get one free) for Louie Anderson- so for both of us $60. (not too bad for a comedy show- especially someone as classic as Louie Anderson).The seating was a disappointment. They're long skinny tables with chairs on both sides- so one side has great seats and the person across from you has their back to the stage. That was a little disappointing.His actual material was funny- talking about his usual family problems and weight. But mixed it in with some current events. I think his show was worth $30 a ticket ... not sure I'd be so happy if I paid full price.** there is also an option to upgrade your ticket to the VIP- where you get "great seats" and  a meet and greet with Louie before the show for $99/each**
3	After deciding not to pay $116 a ticket for a Cirque du Soleil show, my husband and I settled on $30 tickets to see Louie Anderson from the half price ticket booth on the Strip.  I remembered him fondly from "Coming to America" and from the "Life with Louie" cartoon on FOX.  I know he's had personal problems in the past (and one big problem in Vegas), but I didn't want that to get in the way of my experience. I wasn't too keen on the seating arrangement in the Thunder From Down Under theatre, but my own seat near the front of one of the long tables was fine.  My husband, who is tall, probably could have used more room.  I'm not a huge fan of stand-up comedy, but because Louie wasn't crude, I enjoyed the show.  He did talk about his family a lot and I loved it when he changed his voice to talk like his dad or someone else. "Louie!"  My favorite joke was when he talked about Krispy Kreme donuts-- "a dingo took my donut!"  Some of his humor was for the older set though and I didn't really think that part was funny. Although I think we would have enjoyed Cirque du Soleil more, I'm glad we ended up seeing Louie.  He's kind of a classy comedian.
2	Sorry Louie, but I could of had better at the comedy connection in Boston. Go on  a diet so you can get up offf your seat and your way over priced!
4	Louie anderson is still funny. Even after 30 years in comedy his show it as timely as it is insightful. I highly recommend you see louie anderson.
3	Ok..I  am not a huge Louie fan but my sister is..and she was in town so I scored some free tix and off we went.The theater is pretty small and they didnt have cocktail servers so we got some ok drinks at the bar.As for Louie..he was actually pretty funny. I didnt think I was gonna like his humor but I did.My sister was in heaven..she really loves this guy. Wierdo!So after the show we waited and sure enough he came out and signed autographs and took pix with his fans.My sis still talks about this experience..for that I should really give it 5 stars from her..but he was ok. A nice night out for sure!
4	Ah, he's a gem. How can you not love his self-depricating humor. I've been to the Bonkerz Theatre many times in the past and have never found it to be exceptionally uncomfortable as some of the other reviewers have mentioned. Our seats were slightly close to the people next to us, but we just moved them over slightly and we were fine.I have previously seen Louie at the Excalibur before he moved to Palace Station and I have to say this is a much better, more intimate venue for comedy. Definitely an upgrade, if you can ever call Palace Station an upgrade, haha. Louie's personality fuels this show. I was very entertained.
5	I loved this show! It was my first time experiencing an "intimate" comedy show. At the Palace Station venue we waited forever to get our tickets, but Louie held off from starting until EVERYONE was squeezed in. I can't believe he is still so talented after all of these years. The best part is that you can tell he loved doing the show, and that he loved his audience.
3	I will preface my review with the fact that I only paid $6 for the tickets. I got hooked up with "free" tickets from Show Tickets 4 Locals.  The tickets are normally $49.99, and Palace Station is running a Locals special of $15 off, I don't think the show was worth $50, if I had paid the $34.99 I would have said the show was decent, but since I only had to shell out $6, I will say the show was pretty good.The opening comedian was OK, he had a few good lines, but a lot of his material was pretty bland, and you could tell he is still polishing up his act. He did about 15 minutes and included a few plugs, but who goes to a show for the opening act?Before Louie hits the stage they show a video montage of his career, you forget how many things he's been in, and then the big guy hits the stage.If you know of Louie, you know that he's from MN, he grew up pretty poor, his mom was a packrat, and he's fat. That is the premise of most of his set, some of the jokes are older than me, but his timing is pretty solid, and his jokes are well polished.He also threw in some current event riffs, including a charlie sheen riff that included the line of the night, "his new show is going to be 2 and a Half Kilos".I will admit his show isn't for everyone, he doesn't work blue, he said Shit once and immediatley apologized for it, and the show is "all ages" but the average age of the crowd was on the far side of 50.  However if you get the chance to scoop up some discounted tickets, it's a good time, the show with opener clocked in at a little under 90 mins, which was about the right amount of time.I do have to say that even thought I didn't drink, the prices in the theater seemed fairly reasonable, and the service was impressively fast, so they have that going for them as well.
2	Nope...don't do it! Louie is a sweet guy and all and means well but at this point in time it is evident that this gig is just a paycheck. His show used to be at Excalibur and now Palace Station has taken him in and even named the dive comedy club after him. I am sure that was at his request and terms of contract in an effort to soften the blow of Excalibur dropping him. A bore of a show, I would have walked out however stayed only because I did not want to hurt his feelers! Would have been way to obvious walking out of this tiny comedy club venue. If you would get a kick out of watching an overweight man sweat while simply talking and rambling on in a normal chat banter than this is the show for you! I came for the funny! Is reviewed as a hysterical comedy routine, um not so much! Sorry Louie, I wanted to like you, but your time has run out on the funny clock :(
5	Although I have attended Louie's show in the past and loved it, the review below is based on my experience when I attended Marty Allen's birthday show.  This review originally appeared on Vegas Posh, the online magazine that my husband and I maintain.Marty Allen is what classic comedy is all about: he's funny without being offensive, charming, has spotless timing, and an arsenal of facial expressions that keep audiences laughing just as much as his jokes do.  When Allen celebrated his 90th birthday with an engagement at the Louie Anderson Theater at Palace Station, he proved to Las Vegas audiences that at 90, he's just as funny as he's ever been.Allen's wife, Karon Kate Blackwell, started off the show by showcasing her vocal talent... the kind that you only find from entertainers who had to rely on their own talent and not on high-tech studio equipment.  Allen appeared before a cheering crowd, opening with a hilarious monologue before doing his first skit, the wine taster from Caesar's Palace, an alcoholic whose wife is so ugly that "her pictures hang themselves."Throughout Allen's skits, Blackwell played the straight lady, but even the straight lady couldn't help but laugh at many of his jokes.  The chemistry was undeniable and the two had trouble keeping straight faces throughout many of the skits, including the one that featured Allen as a doctor who had just written the book Everything You've Always Wanted to Know About Sex* *But Were Afraid to Ask Your Children.Between skits, Blackwell sings, dances, and plays piano.  Her performances included a high-energy rendition of "Proud Mary" and a deeply moving Beatles medley.Perhaps one of Allen's funniest jokes was the story of an eight year old boy who goes to the store to purchase a box of Tampax.  When the clerk asks if he knows what they're for, he responds "Not really, but they're for my four year old brother; we saw the commercials and they said if he bought these, he would be able to swim and ride a bike and he can't do either."  Commenting on modern times, Allen delivered another hilarious line when he joked, "You know times have changed when a man goes to the drug store and says (loudly) 'I'll take a box of condoms," (whispering with his mouth covered) "... and a pack of cigarettes."Although Allen's routines are classics and many of his characters originated decades ago, he keeps his act fresh and modern, appealing as much to audiences today as to audiences of the past, without succumbing to the trend of getting cheap laughs through vulgarity.  Audiences were undoubtedly left looking forward to Allen's 91st birthday celebration.
4	I saw Louie for the 4th time last night and I really like his shows.  I've seen Louie: LOL, Louie: Larger Than Life, and now his Big Baby Boomer.  Over the last couple of years, Louie has changed his show and he has become a bit quieter.The showroom has removed a number of seats, so most of the seating is in the center only as opposed to being in three areas plus the booths.  Attendance last night was not good.  With an audience like that, Louie tried with his jokes.  Some went over well while others didn't.  He then started working some of the audience and he did this expertly.  He also commented along the lines of when your jokes are failing, you might as well do this.  It was great fun with mild kidding with the couple of audience members.Louie has a very pleasant demeanor and he is quite a funny man in his low key way.  He's not a yeller nor screamer like some comics.  He gets the job done with low key humor.  The ending last night was a favorite facial gesture he gets to remember the one time his mother swore.  I think I'll use it from now on.
4	Started out a little worried when we showed up at the Palace Station, an older smokey casino a little off the strip and saw he was only doing a few shows a week. Opening acts weren't that great, but when Louis came on the jokes started coming.  He is still hillarious after all these years.  Really loved his jokes and has been a long time since I've seen a comedian have a conversation with the audience and really play off the comments...even funnier than his prepared stuff.  A very funny man and a great show.
5	I love Louie Anderson and I've been really looking forward to seeing him live. This was not a disappointment. The venue is nicely intimate, so you really feel like you're getting a good live show, not just watching something on TV. I've been following his standup for years and I've read most of his books, so I feel like I already know all the people he's joking about, like his parents and siblings. Louie definitely tailors his show for the specific audience, so you'll likely get a different show every time you see him. One of the biggest laughs he got was when he was lamenting that we can't just change the constitution and vote Bill Clinton back in. The whole audience appreciated that one!I loved that he really took time to chat with people who stood in line to buy books, t-shirts, and/or DVDs and signed everything. It really makes a difference from a lot of comedians who won't even emerge from the green room except to perform, then sneak out the back.Louie was excellent and if you already like his humour, this show will be a great experience.P.S. -  Drink service was attentive and the opener was great, too, which is also a rarity!
5	Love ya Louie !!  Great guy, Great show !!
4	Much more than we expected.  Louie is classic & clean funny.  The crowd was small, intimate, and everyone seemed to enjoy Louie's brand of humor.
3	The Louie Anderson show is at a new location at the Plaza (downtown).   The show is very family friendly and you will have fun no matter what your age.The venue at the Plaza is perfect for a comedy show.  Louie is a little different than you would think.  When you see him on tv he is a very fun guy without a care in the world and he would be the life of any party.  In the show, he is still very funny and interacts with crowd like the pro that he is, but his comedy is a lot darker than you would ever expect.  Dont get me wrong, you will completely enjoy the show but it is just different.Louie was extremely nice before and after the show.  He took his time with everyone and answered all the questions and even gave out free pictures with personalized autographs.  Again I loved the show, it was just a different Louie than you see on tv.http://www.plazahotelcasino.com/entertainment/louie-anderson
5	Louie Anderson Live is by far the best comedy show we've seen during our trip!  He is a true comedian that anyone can enjoy.  All ages can relate to his true life humor. The theater was perfect in size to make the show intimate and personal.  We purchased general admission tickets and sat directly in front of the stage.  The wait staff was excellent in making sure we had what we needed. My husband and I are still laughing and would recommend this show to anyone!
2	Loui Anderson was funny. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because I had a coupon when I stayed at the Plaza it was for free admission to the show, which I figured there was some kind of catch. When I went to get my ticket at the concerge desk. The lady told me there was a $5 box office charge and 2 drink min and the total would be $25, I asked here how much was a reg ticket to the show and she told me $89, which was a lie. So I get my 2 drink tickets, which should be valued at $10 a piece. I go to the bar and ask for a redbull vodka and he told me you could only get well drinks, really so my free drink is not even worth the $10, what a rip off.
5	My girlfriend and I went on 12/27/14 and Louie's show was amazing. He hasn't lost his touch. His opener Lou Magelowitz is always funny and has a solid jokes. I've gone to multiple comedy shows and this show hands down tops them. Louie even took time to meet everyone, take pictures, and sign stuff after his show! He is still all about the fans. I will definitely come see him perform again. Thank you Lou and Louie for helping make our year end with on a high note.
