1	Vue pretty much represents everything that is bad about cinemas today. It mostly shows rubbish, uninspiring films that appeal to soppy teenage girls and testosterone filled teenage boys. It sells overpriced drinks and snacks, which fools then proceed to munch all the way through your film (if you're hungry, go to a restaurant). It allocates seats and indulges in nonsense VIP seating (why should I have to pay an additional charge for a decent view of the screen). Plus, the poor staff look either bored or harangued and probably never even get to see any films. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
4	I love me some cinema, and now that I'm living a mere minute away from the Omni Centre I'm even more tempted to wander in there when I've got nothing better to do! Ofcourse, there's not much to pick from the movie list at the moment (apart from Eclipse...I "heart" Ed+Jacob) but the cinema's nice enough! They're at least ten viewing rooms, all quite large and extremelyyyyyy comfortable! My only complaint is that they can get a bit cold, but take a sweater with you and all will be fine. Vue cinema's perfectly situated with a wide variety of bars and restaurants in the Omni Centre, and if you're going to the movies, it's a good idea to make a night of it and visit the one the many attractions in the area!
3	This is a funny one. Housed within the Omni Centre, which is in itself a kind of love-hate thing, the Vue Cinema does exactly what a multi-plex cinema should. But I can't quite say I'm a 'fan' according to Yelp's 4 star rating.I'm not a movie buff but I also like to support the independent art house cinemas of which Edinburgh has plenty. However when blockbuster season hits I admit I'd much rather have the surround sound, ground shaking, too big to take it all in screens of a multiplex for the likes of X-Men than not. So sometimes I'll go along to the Vue.It's in a really central location and handily, for some, has a plethora of restaurants within the Omni. None of which appeal to me. To be honest I'd much rather go to a Nando's than a Slug and Lettuce. Anyway I digress.It's an odd layout, with the cinema being upstairs. But as far as multiplexes go it's clean, spacious, bright and the seats are really quite comfy. I think that comes down to it being quite new, and newer than some of the other mutliplexes around. So I'm probably more likely to come here than another.Price wise it's the same as any. Location and comfort wise it's a tad better. So overall it's my go-to multiplex for blockbuster season. I just wish they had some more inspiring restaurants within the Omni! But saying that Broughton Street is only a stone's throw....
3	As cinemas go I dont mind this place at all.Lots of leg room - 3d viewings and hotdogs. Im a simple man with simple tastes and this place meets my cinema viewing needs quite nicely.Its no dominion but its not trying to be! Does what it says on the tin!
4	I went twice to watch a film at Vue. My experience was great per se:  the films are pretty updated, the cinema theatre is large, wonderful acoustics, comfortable large seats, clean and generally of high standard. I've been to larger cinemas, but this delivers well in these technical things. They also have a website were you can learn what is showing and when. Some negatives include the price is a bit high, though students get a little cheaper ticket. The soft-drinks get one star, they are expensive and half filled with Ice (in December who needs that!) and the taste of the coke was really a mockery of some cheap brand. Popcorn also expensive in my opinion, knowing that it does not cost much in reality. The good news[ to some extent] is that you can save on the food with some cheeky moves.  I have bought some nuts from the Tesco store opposite the road, put them in my jacket pocket, and was no problem to eat them at the cinema. If you are a lady, you may also drop in your bag a coke (a real coke!). Saying all that, it is a good cinema with a good ticket price
3	It's not my favorite cinema but the fact that it's in town and easy to get to means it's the one I usually end up going to.  I dislike the fact you can't book your seats in advance so if it's a busy film and you don't want to sit through all the adverts and trailers you end up in the rubbish seats down the front and come away with a serious crick in your neck.It does what it says on the tin so I suppose it's ok.
3	i don't have too much to say about this vue cinema actually, but it seems pretty a-ok to me.  on a thursday night it was pretty empty so there were not queues at the automated ticket machines on the ground floor.  i was surprised that for a cinema that services the majority of the new town and east end of edinburgh there was only three ticket machines and the other ticket windows were closed.  this probably lends itself to causing queues on busiers nights such as orange wednesdays.  however, you can buy tickets at the concession stands if you want to buy popcorn and drinks at the same time.there are a decent number of theatres for showing movies and this cinema has all the new releases.  however, it does seem a bit tired as it is used quite a bit so could do with a bit of a face lift (new carpets and seats in the theatre).  the staff are pleasant and it's a convenient location, so really no complaints.  however, i still prefer the vue at ocean terminal so only three stars for this branch.
5	I love this place. Always clean, never that many people , helpful staff, beers to drink while watching your movie. What else could you ask for! Just wish they didnt cycle through movies so darn fast
3	A nice cinema with comfy seating and good sightlines throughout. Everyone working was very kind and service was good, EXCEPT that on a busy Friday evening they had only a few people working the concession stand with a long and winding queue waiting for snacks. A manager type came and closed one of the registers down and pulled a staffer *off* the station as the number of people waiting to be served grew. Very odd. Would be 4 stars, but for weird lack of prompt snack service it's a 3.
4	I have always had a great experience here. The location is extremely convenient, which also makes it a tad more expensive than some other cinemas here in Edinburgh. That said, it is so easy to get to and they have a great selection of popular films, making it the cinema I've gone to most frequently as of late. It's clean and they either have staff and/or machines to buy your tickets at downstairs, and I generally like its window-y Omni Centre entrance. It works well for me and I don't have much to criticise here besides its prices, but then again everything is getting so expensive these days (now I'm sounding old, so I'll stop here).
