5	oh my savior!  you're the best thing to happen to me today! and i had an extra horrible day traveling.  i was so lucky and so happy to fall upon this place.  so i look up at the menu- breakfast all day! hooray!  i had an ear to ear smile when i saw my options.  i got a spinach, tomato, and provolone omelet on a toasted sesame bagel.  oh god did that hit the spot.  tomorrow i'll have the veg-out sandwich!waiting for my order, i saw the coffee station.  a row of coffee makers that had TIMERS on them!  fresh coffee!!  another slice of heaven today.  what can top this?  SOY milk can, and it did!! i had to try the neighborhood blend since i'm not from around here.  i've done my cultural duty. it was yummy.  i totally scored!!  yay for me for finding this place.  (it's part of the hyatt, but i'm staying at the wyndham)
4	I've grabbed coffee and a bagel here before, but never tried their sandwiches.  Well holy good for me (I hope) sandwichness!  I had the roasted veggie on wheat, and yeah, it's got veggie schmear, and something that looked like cheese, but everything else was either veggie or hummus, and those are good for me, right?  Sure tasted good anyway.Yum!!  Also, open til 8pm every day?!  Hallelujah!  I can actually grab something in this dead ass neighborhood on the weekends!  Plenty of other snacks to purchase and bring up to your room too - drinks, fruit, chips, and cookies.
3	This Einstein Brothers is in the Hyatt Regency Hotel in downtown Phoenix, which is across from the convention center.I used to like to go to the North Scottsdale Einstein's up there, especially on the weekends. For those of you who know Noah's Bagels, Einstein's is something like that. They have usually about 16 or 20 different flavored bagels, and serve sandiches, salads, coffees and other beverages. They make a good Lox and Bagels, with your choice of bagel. They toast it for you, give you cream cheese and capers, red onions, and slices of tomatoes. I love this from Einsteins. I like it on the Asiago cheese flavored bagels. They also have their own ice tea blend, which they call "Spontenai Tea. It only comes in one size, has a refreshing tea flavor mixed with fruit flavors and ginger. They can make most of the specialty coffee drinks that  you find at that place with the little brown mermaid with no bra on. Refreshing! (The tea, not the the topless mermaid! That is somehow strangely semi-erotic. But it is all in the mind's eye, not reality!)Service was good and friendly here, too.
3	I got breakfast here every day during my business trip to Phoenix. It's not amazing, but not bad.. I particularly like the blackberry lemonade...sweet and tart and refreshing mmmm. The employees were not very friendly, but that didn't stop me from enjoying my everything bagel with cream cheese and blackberry lemonade. :)
4	I love bagels with cream cheese.  Especially a honey whole wheat bagel toasted with honey almond cream cheese loaded on.  Yum.  My husband and I frequent this location as it is just a short bike ride from our house and it is a FANTASTIC place to people watch both outside on the patio and on the couches inside the hotel.  Their selection is a bit smaller than the normal Einstein's as this is one of their "Express" locations.  Also, as their website points out, the Express locations do not accept gift cards, so don't expect them to and only give them one star based on that single fact.  There is a bigger on on 7th st and McDowell if you want to use that gift card.  Anyway, the smaller selection actually makes for a speedier trip through the line, because those indecisive people you always get stuck behind have less to choose from.  The staff is usually decent, sometimes a little less than friendly, but never rude.  I always get my stuff quickly, and they've never messed it up.  If you are downtown and need a bite to eat and want a little entertainment while you are at it, stop by here.By the way, this location is on 2nd St NOT Ave.
3	I admit, I lack excitement in my lunch hour.  If I eat lunch at all, its usually something quick, and boring.  Say hello to Einstiens.Mind you, I have been to this location many times before.  Its located within the Hyatt Regency Hotel, and has street access to get in and out of.  No need to be a hotel guest just to dine here!Anyways, the food at this location is the same as the others, but they tend to do more of a business/traveler crowd then the usual saturday morning crowds at a stand alone einsteins.the food here is Okay.  Consistant, bland, and over priced.  They have a decent variety of bagels, cream cheeses, sandwiches and the like, but nothing memorable.  I usually go with some variety of a bagel and cream cheese...and tend to stay away from their overpriced sandwiches.I find that Einstiens is okay, at best.  I usually end up here becuase its convienient.
5	This is my favorite Einstiens!  Not only is there hardly ever a line but the people who work there are great.  They always load up my bagel with cream cheese or my power bagel with pb&j.  They are awesome.  They have just as good of a selection as the one on McDowell PLUS they serve beer.  You really can't beat that.  It also makes for a great place to people watch.  Big 5-star review for the best Einsteins in town.
4	I really like this Einstein's.  Maybe it's because they work inside a hotel, but the staff here is so much more competent than some other locations.  My order is always correct and I never leave disappointed.  The breakfast bagels are good here and are a pretty decent value.  They are pretty consistent here, but sometimes I get a little shafted on the amount of cream cheese I get and sometimes my bagel is less toasted than I think it should be.  Otherwise, great location!
5	Oh goodness does this place ROCK with their coffees and drinks. Oh my, oh my!  They have a good selection of cakes, pastries, salads, paninis, sandwiches, etc if you're looking to grab a bite here. Einstein is also known as 'Noah's Bagels' in the West Coast and having had tried 'Noah's', I knew Einstein would be greaaat! I was feeling adventurous and ordered their mudslide smoothie. I got to choose a cookie from their cookie basket to add into the smoothie. It was creamy, rich and totally worth $5! I skipped the whipped cream, as it was already pretty rich for what it was. Our cashier guy was very friendly, too and an excellent barista who made an excellent drink! Kudos to Einstein's!
1	Saturday morning rush. I'm sure it happens every Saturday as hordes of conventioneers grab breakfast before heading to the airport. I understand a rush. I am also a generally patient person. (I am fine with waiting an hour or more for a table at good restaurants.) But...When there is a continuous line of people between the order station and the register, half of whom already have their food and just want to hand over some money, you call for a second cashier. When you *are* the second cashier, instead of walking out of the back, looking around like Punxsutawney Phil on February 2, and then crawling back into a hole, you actually spend 10 minutes clearing the line. Maybe dedicate someone to making all the coffee concoctions people order so you don't have the one staffed register empty for 4 minutes at a time.It took me about 15 minutes to get to the register, by which time my bagel was getting cold. I stood waiting for about 4 minutes as employees dawdled at the prep station, ignored the call for a second cashier, plodded through coffee orders, etc. The last straw was when a woman from the back of the line came up and asked for two coffee cups and an approximation of the cost so she could just leave cash... and the woman behind the counter (who was working on a fancy coffee order at the time) actually switched to the other register to ring her up! I was done. I picked up the register pen, wrote "Nevermind" on the order slip, set my overpriced bagel and expensive orange juice on the counter, and walked out. (Yeah, Einstein Bros, that was me.) If you don't want my money, you aren't getting it.Instead, I am at Starbucks a couple blocks away. My order? A bagel, orange juice, and a banana. And all cost considerably less than what it would have at Einstein Bros.
3	So I get this Birthday coupon in the email from Einstein Brothers Bagles, I print it out with the hope of stopping in on my walk into work in the morning.  A free breakfast sandwich with the purchase of a drink.  On the morning I make it in I showed it to one lady and she responds, "Oh yeah no problem, order your sandwich here and your drink at the register."  So I order my sandwich, bacon, egg and cheddar on an Everything bagle and move up to the register to order my chai.  I hand the girl at the register my coupon too and in a whiney-sigh calls for the manager.  The manager comes to the counter and proceeds to tell me that they are a franchise and do not accept corporate coupons. HUH?!To which I replied, slightly annoyed, "F*ck it I just ordered the sandwich give me my chai and I'll pay."  ...$9....it hit a bit hard for breakfast since I was only looking to spend $4-$5. Well back at my office I can say that I did enjoy my breakfast sandwich and my chai.  Would I go back?  Yes, but the next time my mind set will be different and I would be there with the intent of spending $9 for breakfast/brunch.
5	Awesome breakfast spot! Fast service, great ambiance and easy access!  It is located in the lobby of the Hyatt and is a great, easy breakfast place in Downtown Phoenix.
5	Let me tell you why Einstein inside the Hyatt is awesome.During this years Phoenix Comicon we've been looking for places for breakfast and had no idea this was even inside the hotel.  We usually opted for Starbucks across the street.  Einsteins really stepped up to the plate though.  During the day they usually closed at 2 or 3PM, but with comicon being in town they extended their hours til 8PM.  That's customer service for ya!I complimented them for doing that and the staff couldn't have been more nice and excited to be a part of the event that weekend.I give them 5 stars because their food is always awesome and their staff was just as great!
2	Eisnsteins is clean and efficient, but it has a sterile corporate atmosphere and everything's overpriced. It's one redeeming quality is the free refills on iced coffee via machine. It's neither good nor bad, just indicitive of corporate America's anti-personality parade.
2	Maybe the bagels are good, but i made the mistake of getting a chicken sandwich.. Yuck!
3	This place has some redeeming qualities.  One is the food manager Katie.  She helped me out and I can't thank her enough.  But what blows my mind is that no one, outside of the New York City area, knows what a good freaking bagel is.  You'd think Einstein was the shiznit.  They're not, but I wanted something reliable and I do like their egg sandwiches so I went in to order one while I was on conference (this is right across the street from the conference center).  Anyway, I place my order, which was nothing too difficult.  Spinach mushroom and cheddar egg sandwich.  When I visited California in 2009, I had a good experience at an Einstein so I tend to gravitate though I think their bagels are shit.  I mean, hey, NYer here in the duh howse.  So anyway, I wait and the guy clearly got confused.  As it took me till I was in the conference room waiting for the presentaiton to start that I realized the ONLY thing they got right in the order was the type of bagel I wanted.  Now, at that point I would have just taken it and eaten it.  But there was asparagus on it.  Homey don't do asparagus.  So I stormed across the street.  Honestly, I felt bad b/c they were very nice and I just had a bad food experience across the board so far in Phoenix.  I order something so simple and it got fucked up.So I talked to Katie, the food manager, and she not only personally took care of it, she gave me a ticket to get a free sandwich and coffee on the house.  So I said, all righty then.  I took advantage of it, and while they ran out of spinach (seriously WHAT IS UP WITH PEOPLE IN PHOENIX RUNNING OUT OF GODDAMN FOOD IN FOOD SERVICE), they got my order right and it was delicious.  So in a snap, I know this is here.  But I probably won't be back here for awhile but thanks to Katie - she rocks and the Hyatt (which operates this franchise) should be honored to have her working for them
4	Convenient location in downtown Phoenix at the Hyatt Regency.  This place is consistently busy with convention traffic and the bagels are always fresh.
4	I ordered a coffee and they made coffee. There were different flavors and each one was good.
4	Service is always above average and the Asiago Turkey is great.
2	This location gets 1 extra star because the staff were pleasant enough. It gets low marks for two reasons. First, it doesn't accept einstein gift cards. Look, I understand you're a franchise location but you're still an Einstein's. As a customer I shouldn't have to figure out which Einstein's to go to if I have gift cards. If you hold yourself out as an Einstein's to get the benefits of that brand, you should take the burdens too, including taking gift cards. This is something headquarters and franchises need to work out rather than putting the onus on customers.  Corporate rant over.Second, they forgot to toast my bagel. Still a decent bagel but I was really craving the toastiness. All I ordered was a bagel and a coffee. I'd be more forgiving if it was busy but I was the only person there. The employees outnumbered me 3 to 1. I had a small, simple order. Not as much leeway for mistakes in my book.
4	Great bagels! The location is a little difficult since its in a hotel and there is only street parking, but since its not too far from my house and they have the bomb bagels I will be back!
3	This place is located in the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Downtown Phoenix.  If you are working in the area or staying at this hotel it can be very convenient.  I have heard that they do not accept promotional items here or gift cards at this location which can be a huge bummer, thus minus 1 star.  They will usually open on time at 6 am, but there are times, where I'm staring at the door for them to open.  I love the different types of bagel sandwiches they have available, and even lighter options too.  For example, the Swiss, mushroom and asparagus is delicious!  I do enjoy their lemonades, but they are kind of pricey.  Actually, everything is kind of pricey to me, but I keep coming back!Overall, I will be back for more!  The staff is usually pretty quick and I love their bagels!  (Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #29/31
5	Their blueberry smoothie is soooo good! And so is their everything bagel and cream cheese plus they have tasty spreads and great lunch bagels like tuna and such. Their chai was good too and I'm picky! The staff was crazy friendly and bought my first meal there which was really nice! I just got a bagel and a smoothie but it kept me comin back everyday!
5	The staff at this location deserves 10 stars!  This location is in the Hyatt Regency Hotel, and has a very demanding clientele.  Totally understandable since it's a hotel.  However, the staff handled the traffic and impatient travelers like champs!  Coffee was flowing, bagels were toasting, and the line was smooth!  Great food, hot delicious coffee, and smiling faces!  Thank you for making me fast hot coffee every morning during my stay here!
3	this store is inside the Hyatt so it's not as big as a regular place - a couple of times they have run out of certain bagels or fillings when there have been conventions or other group meets. the staff can be a tad slow but again, it all depends on the number of people... my bagel with lox and shmear is always good!!! and there are a couple of nice comfy chairs and a couch - if you can grab it
5	This place is great and really close to my workplace. Friendly people work here, makes it worth the walk.
5	Well visiting Phoenix Arizona and staying at the Hyatt Regency, it was a pleasure to have a nice bagel with some ham and cheese served by very friendly staff. My bagel was very hot and fresh. They serve breakfast and lunch and I think they close at 3:00 PM
2	I have always been an Einstein's Bagel fan and I'm sure I always will be, the bagels are very good the options are great but my complaint is regarding this specific location. I cannot put my finger on it exactly but the staff seems less than enthusiastic about their jobs and it comes off as rude at times. My first time at this location I was over charged for my food, the second time I was undercharged, the third time I asked them to cut my bagel in half and that one single request seemed to be way over their heads as I got it uncut. Now I don't even ask I go in order, get my food and leave right after my fill of attitude. I don't know, maybe because I don't make minimum wadge I guess I just don't understand but regardless they are there by choice and should represent the franchise properly and treat me like they appreciate the fact that I am spending my money there. Now I am not saying all of them are rude its only one or two of them but its consistent. The other locations are great, zero complaints but this one downtown in the Hyatt is sub par. I mean being that they are in a hotel one would think they would be aware of this but nope. However with that said its on the way to work so, I'll be back.
