5	This review is definitely for the locals... Now, you have to understand that writing a review for a Dentist is hard because no one is ever excited about a visit to the Dentist. I know when my wife tells me "I scheduled your next cleaning", a chill runs down my spine!!!I would have to say that my knee jerk reaction to this, is because of bad experiences with Dentists in Las Vegas. After living in Las Vegas for ten years I have finally found the best family Dentist. Dr. Phan N. Nguyen, DDS,PC (of Town & Country Dental) is the best around. My family has been going to him since he opened his practice. Dr. Phan is great with adults and kids, making everyone feel very comfortable in the chair! He is a very personable Dentist and really takes an interest in you... During one of my visits, we got caught up talking (as best I could with gadgets hanging out of my mouth) about the video game Halo! Nice... Oh, and ask him about his wood working projects.His office staff and assistants are just as cool... He even calls my home after business hours, just to make sure there is no lingering pain and to see if everything is OK. That's great service in my opinion!If you are looking for a new Dentist or are new to the South West region of Las Vegas (Durango & the 215), check out Dr. Phan at Town & Country Dental. You won't be disappointed!Cheers.oh, by the way... he accepts CCSD medical insurance :)
5	After many years of hating dental visits, this office was the only one that I don't mind.  Dr. Phan and his staff are all very friendly and definitely try to make your visits as less painful as they can.  They are genuinely good people, especially Dr. Phan.  He is not like other dentist I have encountered, who wants to point at every little cavity, and suggest work needs to be done to your teeth. I have crowns (yep, i make it rain for them dentist) done, with a few having to be redone because of crappy jobs performed by those incompetent dentist.  I recently got one done by Dr. Phan, and he made sure that it fits perfectly, rather than just saying "ok, you are good to go" like my prior dentists.  He is just different than any other dentist.  He is ethical, kind, professional, and so as his staff!   I highly recommend Dr. Phan!
5	Very professional staff and the dentist is very careful and truely concerned with his patients.  Unlike allot of dentists he does not dwell on your past dental hygine but instead focuses on what you should do in the future. I have to say I like his motto, pain is a bad thing.  I would recommend this dentist for anyone.
5	I read the Yelp reviews and went to see Dr. Phan. He is a really good dentist that cares. He doesn't recommend unnecessary fillings, deep cleanings, or other procedures if they are not needed. The office is also timely so you are not waiting around until he's ready. The rest of the staff is friendly and professional. The receptionist/office /health insurance person goes through your health plan and coverage at the first visit so you know what your plan coverages and how much. I recommend Dr. P Nguyen to everyone!
5	Love, love, love this dentist!  I went in today for my second appointment (filling -- first visit was for x-rays and cleaning), and Dr. Phan was as warm, personable and professional as the first time.  He gave me his contact info after the first visit, with instructions to call if I had any problems.  Even with that, he still called me that evening to follow-up.Getting a cavity filled is never pleasant, but the Dr. went out of his way to make the experience "pleasant" and pain free -- even singing to me as the novacaine went in.  Extra points for the office calling me to let me know the appointment ahead of me was potentially going to run long, saving me from having to wait unnecessairly.
5	To say that I fear dentists would be a gross understatement.  That said, of course I always put it off until something goes wrong, so when that time came I asked a few friends for some recommendations and a few named Dr. Phan.I reluctantly made my appointment.  As I walked into the office at Town & Country Dental, I was met by a beautifully appointed office, actually the most beautiful dental office I've ever been in.  The receptionist wasn't in yet and I was greeted by Dr. Phan himself, and this immediately put me at ease.  He has a very calming manner about him, and is very warm.The dental assistant patiently took my x-rays, and then Dr. Phan sat down with me and explained everything that was going on.  The receptionist had arrived in the meantime and contacted my insurance.  By the time I walked out of there, I had a clear understanding of what treatments I needed, why, and how much my portion would cost.  He even let me know what treatments could wait til next year, in case I run out of insurance coverage, so that I wouldn't have to pay more out of pocket.All this was done with extreme consideration for my dental-phobia.  I would recommend Dr. Phan to all.
2	Went to T&C Dental for regular cleaning base on the great reviews from fellow yelpers, but did not have the same great experience. Here is the thing, Dr. Phan was very nice, friendly, polite and the staff were nice. However, the problem I had was with the assistant (Jen) who did the cleaning. I'm not sure if she just had a bad day that day or something, but Jen did a poor job cleaning my teeth. She jumped all over the place and basically did clean only about 1/2 of my teeth. Same thing with flossing, she flossed here and there and basically just flossed about 5-6 teeth out of 32 teeth I have. I've seen my 5 year old nephew did a better job cleaning his teeth. I was greatly disappointed when leaving the office.When Dr. Phan called me the next day to check to see if there's any pain after the visit (which is really nice by the way), I wasn't sure if I should tell him about the bad cleaning job that his assistant performed. I don't really want to get her into trouble (because she was nice too), but I just want her to do a better job. Still debating whether I should come back for a second try to see if that was just her bad day. Still debating....
5	I have had 5 periodic cleanings with Dr. Nguyen's office to date. Every experience has been quite pleasant. I am always notified 2 days in advance by phone of my upcoming appointment. Also, Dr. Nguyen personally calls me later in the day following my appointment to inquire on how my visit went. The staff here are friendly, outgoing and professional. I would definitely recommend this office to anyone!
5	5 * Dentist5 * Staff5 * ServiceI went to Dr. Phan's office today to get an impression done for a night guard.  As always, Dr. Phan and his assistant, Jen were so caring and detailed.  They made sure that my molds were perfect.  They are definitely perfectionist, and do whatever it takes to ensure that patients receive the best service, night guard, crown (you get the picture), etc... that they deserve.I have been coming here for quite some time now and they have always been CONSISTENTLY AWESOME.  The majority of the time, it is Jen who assisted Dr. Phan when performing work on my teeth.  What makes Dr. Phan and Jen so awesome is that prior to performing the work, they would let me know what to expect (the good, the bad, and the ugly).  Yep yep, no surprises.  Like the blue mold that was to go up against the top row of my teeth, Jen gave me the run down on what to expect. She told me about the slimy feeling of the goo, and to try my best to breathe normally through my nose to be more comfortable.   I did what was advised and made the whole experience that much better.  They don't just perform work and call it a day.  Instead, they build rapport and try to understand the patient's concerns, and do whatever they can to ease patient's discomfort.I moved much farther away from Dr. Phan's office, but am still a loyal patient...Why you ask?  Because this is the best dentist with the best staff that I have ever been to.
5	My husband and I went in for our appointment this morning and we are very satisfied with the service, the staff and of course Dr. Phan. He is very warm, caring and he will put you at ease. First dentist I met that gives you their personal phone number and made sure that you're taken cared of up to the time you walk out the door.
5	I had my first appointment at Dr. Phan's office today. The staff and Dr. Phan are very friendly and professional. Dr. Phan and his assistant explained everything very thoroughly. I just had a routine check up, x-rays and cleaning done. While getting my x-rays done and cleaning I was asked several times if I was "ok" and I thought that was great. They made me feel very comfortable and at ease. I will definitely be going back for my dental work. I recommend Dr. Phan to everyone. Oh one more thing, I've never had a dentist give me his card with personal cell phone to call if I had any questions. That's great patient care!! :)
5	I had previously been to one dental office in town who had seriously screwed up since they only X-rayed the surfaces and not in between my teeth. They missed a number of cavities and the ones they did fill seemed off. Dr. Phan is a WONDERFUL dentist who likes to make sure everything is perfect and tries to make the experience as painless as possible. I've been coming here for a few years and have never had any issues. The staff is wonderful and I always feel comfortable and at ease here. He always calls after visits to ensure that everything went smoothly and nothing is wrong. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Got my annual teeth cleaning for the first time at Town & Country Dental on 1/5/12.  Awesome experience with Dr. Phan and his staff!  Doc personally called me later that night and left message following up to make sure everything was okay...first time I've felt like my doctor really cared!
5	I have been in Vegas almost two years now, trying to find a good dentist - now I am happy to say that I have found a GREAT dentist.  Dr. Phan is thorough and has a very gentle touch.  His staff is very nice & he calls to follow up after every visit.  I highly recommend him.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (24 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!Dr. Phan is a great dentist.  He talks to you during your appointment to help make you feel at ease and definitely relieve you from the ever so boring appointments a dental one could possibly be.  He has humor in his conversation and usually gets personal with you which makes me feel comfortable as he is working on my teeth.  He explains every detail on what he is going to do with your teeth, shows you your x-rays to explain why your teeth hurt, and doesn't make you do all the fixes at once so as to not kill you over the millions of cavities you have.  I dreaded going to the dentist until I found Dr. Phan.Also to mention, his dental assistants who are super nice and always chime in the conversation as well.  The front desk receptionist is also super nice, friendly, courteous and helpful with making or changing appointments.  I never thought I would say this, but I had a great experience at this dental office!  Definitely a keeper and one I highly recommend to family and friends alike!
5	Town & Country's motto is "Welcome to our Family" and they sure make you feel like you are a part of their family.  From the moment you walk in, you automatically feel as if you're meant to be there. What makes Dr. Phan different from other dentists I've been too (I've been to at least 6 within the last 10 years) is that he takes the time to get to know you as a person and he does it so genuinely.  He's also really funny!   I've been to dental offices where the moment they inspect your teeth, they automatically view your teeth as an ATM bank, but not Dr. Phan!  He takes his time performing a mouth assessment and does a thorough cleaning while distracting you from all that discomfort by chatting and telling jokes.  I've never experienced a relax atmosphere in a dental office before!  I mean, c'mon, it's the DENTIST for crying out loud!  There's nothing relaxing about a dental visit.  LOL.   His assistant Gracie also did an amazing job polishing my teeth afterwards.  Like everyone else mentioned, Dr. Phan always follow up on his patients by calling them to make sure they're ok.  GREAT customer service and he goes beyond what is asked of him.  I'm so glad to finally have found a dentist I can TRUST!
1	Looks like they have great reviews, but Emily the assistant was no help to me when I needed help in an emergency. No flexibility, wanted me to pay cash even though I have insurance, for no reason at all. Zero stars to these guys for not helping at all. Wanted to talk to the doctoral give some feedback,  but no surprise, she hung up on me.
5	Dr. Phan is amazing! He's very attentive to his patients and always follows up with us. His staff is wonderful and is all very nice. I will not recommend any other dentist to my friends and family, but Dr. Phan and his staff.
4	Dr Phan is excellent, he took his time to give me the best service ever. He even took the time to call me at night to follow up with me. Definitely the best experience I've had & I am not afraid of the dentist anymoreA+++
5	I been going to Dr. Phan for years and he is just awesome. I was without dental insurance for a while so when I finally got it, I had about 10 hours total of fillings to be done, but all were painless. He even calls to check up on you later that evening to make sure you aren't having any problems or in any pain. ^_^  Everyone I recommended him too has kept him as their new regular dentist, even people who feared the dentist don't have that problem anymore.Dr. Phan & staff you rock!
5	It was last Thursday that I decided to chew on a caramel chocolate covered nuts and my crown decided to come off of my tooth.  My tooth was sensitive to everything, including sipping water.  I was in panic mode because I currently don't have insurance because I am still in my 90 day probationary period until March 2013.  I called Dr. Phan's office.  Receptionist Nemi picked up the phone and let me know she will call me back to see if she can squeeze me in since the day is pretty much booked.  An hour later, she called me to let me know to visit the office at 5pm.  When I arrived, we figured out that the crown was done by the previous dentist, way before I knew of Dr. Phan.  Then I thought, of course it can't be Dr. Phan's doing.  His work is flawless.  On top of that, it was the same crown that Doc Phan had advise me to get it redone at year end 2011, because there is a small gap that will cause problem in the long run.  Boy was he right about that.  Instead of turning me away for 1.) imperfect work that was performed by another dental office and 2.) me not having insurance, Dr. Phan and the entire staff of Town & Country Dental welcomed me with open arms.  They took the time to have my crown back where it should be.  My mind was in la la land due to how appreciative I was of the office, that I didn't follow direction.  I didn't bite down hard enough on the bite stick.On Friday, I texted Doc about my off-bite, he asked me to swing by the office at 5pm so he can adjust it.  I went by the office again, they welcomed me yet again.  My bite was perfect.I feel very indebted to the entire staff of Town & Country Dental because at the time of need, when I don't have insurance, they did not turn me away.  Instead, they treated me with kindness and restore my bite.  I will be a patient of Doc Phan fo life.
5	I wish I could give Dr. Phan and his team 10 stars! The staff is always happy and Dr. Phan is super gentle. I had to have 5+ cavities filled (don't judge me) and he was extremely patient. If you hate getting numbing shots, ask him to sing to you. He seriously will. I know others have mentioned this, but I just have to say: HE CALLS YOU AFTER YOUR APPOINTMENT! Talk about outstanding customer service.
5	If you want quality dental care with a personal & caring level of service this is the office to visit.We discovered Dr. Phan after our insurance dropped our other dentist in LV. We are sure glad we did too. The entire staff is friendly and professional and they go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable. Dr. Phan actually does the cleaning and at the end of his long day he takes the time to call to check on your comfort after any procedure. We have never had this level of care before. This is truly a unique and significant elevation of care in any medical practice. Another plus is that Dr. Phan does not rec. or pressure you for extra or unneeded procedures like some of our other dentist have. That alone is a worth noting. Thanks so much for the excellent and professional services Town & Country Dental!
5	Finally! A Dentist in this city that I will go back to more than once.  Awesome Dentist and establishment.  Very friendly and gentle and would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone in town.  A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
5	Sitting in the dentist chair is NOT fun. But let me tell you, the most enjoyable root canal in my 46 year life... Not saying much, true... But if you have to have one.... This Dr. Phan in truly a healing type of guy.
5	Best dentist and staff ever!! Customer service is amazing... I will never go anywhere else!
5	Love this place!! I have been here twice and very happy with both time appt. everyone in the office are very nice and friendly. Dr Phan is very nice and sweet. He explain everything very clearly and when you ask "Q" he always answer you very clearly. Most all the office is very clean and smell very nice. It make you feel like home when your here. If your looking  for a family dental place to go to in this town. I would highly recommend Town and Country Dental.
5	Finally I found an excellent dentist here in Las Vegas!  The staff is extremely friendly as well.  When your appointment is at a set time you actually get in at that time.  I will never go anywhere els. And will be recommending town and country to everyone.  Oh and what doctor gives his personal cell # to there patients.  Dr. Phan Nguyen does.
1	So my wife and I schedule back to back dental cleanings our grills are in good condition no drama. Talk to the girl on the phone we dont want x-rays have x-rays from old dentist. We filled out our 10 pages of paper work a week earlier to make sure we didnt have to wait in the lobby.  Arrive day of cleanings girl has 2 slip boards says you need to fill out paperwork new patient  I waited a few seconds then she said oh you filled out your paperwork already.  Just need your ID and insurance card. OK!  Dental assistant takes me back to start cleaning wait u need XRAYS. I said no I just need my teeth cleaned today.  The Dentist comes in and says yes we need XRAYS. I said look if you cant clean my teeth today. We'll just reschedule so we could just get out of there. OH JOY! WOW!   What a complete waste of time.  We wont be going  back!
5	Not only is the entire staff very professional, friendly and comfortable, but they do a great job as well.
5	Finally found a Dentist that actually cares about your teeth and well being.  Very professional and kind staff. Dr Phan even takes the time to call later in evening to make sure you are doing well after a visit.  Glad to have found a family dentist for the family.
5	I was always hesitant to go to the dentist, since I always associated it with pain. I have extremely sensitive teeth, and am also a baby to pain. So much that I put off for going after moving out of the family's for 6 years.  I finally sucked it up and went to town andccountry, holy cow am I glad I went! Dr.phan is amazing. He makes sure you are comfortable through the whole experience, as does the rest of his staff.  I had many cavities to work with, and didn't feel a bit of pain, Even after 2 hours of work! I have to go back again because I had a lot of cavities, but this time I am not worried about going.  An added bonus is they make sure to tell you what the costs are after insurance and double check with insurance before just adding on a service that is needed (like a deep deep cleaning vs the standard dental cleaning)so you know exactly what you are paying with no surprises at the end....something I have had issues with at other dental practices.  Dr. Phan also personally calls the night after your service to make sure you were happy with the procedure and asks if you have any questions.Long story summary: if you are sensitive to pain and hate going to the dentist town and country is the place to go.
5	I came in on a Saturday right before a holiday weekend and I wasn't a patient of theirs prior. Without even asking, the lady at the front desk found insurance like mine and calculated the costs for me. I had to pay out of pocket but she took the time to assure me of my coverage and said whatever was leftover after my insurance paid would be credited back to me. Everyone worked quickly and was very friendly. I wasn't able to have my wisdom tooth extracted that day because it was infected but they explained everything and prescribed me medication and referred me to a good oral surgeon. I will be going back to them from now on.
5	I have been coming to Dr. Phan for a few years now.  He is a caring and meticulous doc!  I love everyone in his office.  I had some old fillings replaced and they were done perfectly!  My teeth are so clean that I hate to eat after an appointment.  They are conveniently located just off of the 215.
1	I was looking for a new dentist and one call to this place was enough to cross it off the list. The receptionist sounds like she hates her life and is rude and unfriendly. She responds to all questions in a lazy I don't care manner, and when you say thank you, she said "uhuh" and hangs up. No thank you back, no goodbye. I'm sorry but that kind of customer service is atrocious. I don't know how people like that end up getting customer service positions when they clearly have zero people skills. At this point no matter how good the doctor is, the receptionist's ridiculously terrible attitude is a deal breaker.
5	From the efficiency and friendliness of the staff, down to the cleanliness of the clinic and the superior treatment you get from Dr. Phan, it's 5 stars all the way! I dread going to the dentist but they managed to make my entire experience bearable. Elizabeth the hygienist was wonderful, very light handed and has a genuine concern for her patients. They lay it down as is, what your options are, where they want to take you with your treatment and ultimately let you decide on what you're comfortable with and no pressure to upsell. Dr. Phan gives his patients his personal cell number, who does that? LOL. I'm grateful to my sister for the referral, it's nice to finally find a doctor that truly cares about your well being and not just see you as a walking dollar sign like most unfortunately do.
