5	My daughter got her braces off today and looks so beautiful! Dr. Truman and his entire team have been professional and friendly since the first appointment! The atmosphere is very welcoming for kids and also adults. I work for a general dentist and I now refer all of our patients to Dr. Truman.
5	Ever since I began my journey to a new, functional bite, Dr. Truman and his staff have made the process as painless and convenient as possible.  Even when I had to come in for several emergency appointments, the staff always accommodated me, even letting me come in the same day without an appointment.  I am confident that with Dr. Truman and my oral surgeon Dr. Johnson, I am in good hands.
5	I truly can say this is the first for me writing a review of this kind. Dr Truman and his staff is simply the best!  Knowledgable , kind & my Orthodomtic experience has been an awesome one. I had a very difficult orthodontic situation & Dr Truman kept me educated & took me thru this journey with patience & care. Now that my braces are off I can truly say this was such a positive , life changing experience. Truly, there is no better orthodontic doctor & staff in Las Vegas, or period :) !
5	From the start, the staff at Truman Orthodontics has been welcoming, thorough, and accommodating. We came to Dr. Truman based on recommendations from two friends whose children see Dr. Truman. This was after leaving an orthodontist whom we were with for one year, who happened to be close to retirement, and whom we felt did not do the work expected for our son. To our family, this meant one year of mediocre work that we paid for. After meeting with Dr. Truman, the experience was one-hundred fold better. Dr. Truman was able to give an excellent review of what was needed to complete our son's orthodontic situation.We felt comfortable that our son was in good hands. Dr. Truman was very professional and worked with us so that our son's work would be done in minimal time. The office is very open with payment plans, creating a warm and welcome environment, and making it fun for patients with a reward/point system. We give Truman Orthodontics 10 our of 5 stars! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Both of my son and I went to Dr Truman. He and his entire team have been professional and kind since the first appointment until our braces was off.We all love our new smile and can't be happier.Highly recommended!
5	I got my braces off today and I would like to say that they did an amazing job! I am very grateful for the amazing results and of course Dr. Truman and his staff. His team are great with what they do and I'm glad that we chose their office. I would highly recommend going to this place. I guarantee you that they will take good care of you, especially your teeth! :)
5	My youngest daughter got her braces off today and they look spectacular. My family now has had 3 peeps go thru Truman Ortho and all three came out amazing. Dr. T is a great guy. Very personable and friendly and well, incredibly educated in his field. I would highly recommend any future patients to his office.
5	My treatment at Truman Orthodontics was first class. I was so pleased with the results they did an amazing job! The staff was amazing from start to finish. I would recommend using Truman Orthodontics to anyone in need of braces.
5	Dr. Truman's office is the best!  They've got arcade games and iPads in the office for kids to play on; movies and books for the little ones too.  Even my kids who didn't have an appointment wanted to go there!  All of their assistants are friendly and helpful.  Dr. Truman is super smart and pleasant to work with; he made sure my son's teeth look amazing!  I trust him and highly recommend Truman Orthodontics.
5	Both my sons had braces from Truman Orthodontics. The entire process was wonderful from the initial consultation to the follow up with retainers etc. Everyone there is very pleasant it makes going to the orthodontist fun. Dr. Truman is extremely patient and kind. Once my son had a wire spring break on his braces, Dr. Truman was on his way to an event with his wife, but he took time out to meet us at his office and fix the spring so my son didn't have to be uncomfortable with it broken. He really goes above and beyond for his patients. I would highly recommend Truman Orthodontics to everyone.
5	I just had my braces removed on December 3, 2014 following upper jaw surgery in February 2014 and I couldn't be happier.  Throughout my arduous recovery, Dr. Truman and staff have been incredibly supportive, even sending me postcards encouraging me to keep my chin up and that I was looking great (even though I didn't with my swollen face!).My braces were initially removed in September 2014 but I had to have the braces partially reinstalled to correct my bite further.  I also have had issues with retention post-braces removal (issue with my lower retainer) but Dr. Truman has since resolved the problem by giving me new retainer(s), and he didn't even charge me extra for them.  Now that is tremendous customer service.  I couldn't recommend Dr. Truman and his staff highly enough.
