2	Long waits and teenage workers with bad attitudes...nuff' said.
1	whenever i visit this location my ice cream is always runny and melted. it took me less than 5 min. to drive home after ordering a banana split and by the time I was home it was melted. this locations sucks.the one on Gilbert between Elliot and Guadalupe is much better. Never had problems there.
1	This was the 2nd time I was here because I wanted to give it another chance but it was so bad that I had to toss it out. Either the ice cream or the whipped cream on the OREO/Brownie Sundae was sour and I could not eat it and the brownie was hard and I did not get any Oreo's on it. When I called the manger to ask about it she got all pissed off because she said the brownies were fresh and said she would make me another one but I told her I was not wanting another one I wanted my money back and she told me to call the corporate office and get it from them...Really is this the kind of person they want as a manger.  Don't go it's no good
1	I've been here many times, but my last experience kind of turned me off to this location.  I will go to the DQ at Gilbert and Juniper.  On my last visit here, I ordered a chocolate dipped waffle cone.  He tried to charge me for a regular cone and I knew because they price was off.  I tried to clarify in person that I didn't want a regular cone.  He charged me for the chocolate dipped cone and gave me a regular waffle cone.  I figured it wasn't worth arguing with him over it so I took the cone and left.
1	A franchise that is ready for a turn around.  Bad service and bathroom that is outside and they wouldn't give me a key to use it.  Bad bad bad.
1	Awful place. I would not recommend coming here. Drive the extra couple of miles to find another. It's dirty inside, the people are assholes and they never have any products. A veritable dump.
2	it's in a bad location in Chandler. Long wait and the quality is not good. Place is dirty and stinky. Go to a different location.
1	This is the worst DQ.  The worst.  How I lament that it is so close to my house, for it is so tempting to take the risk and go to this location rather than drive to a decent one.  What risk, you ask?Estimated 50% chance your order will be wrong in some way.  That's pretty good odds for Vegas, not so good in a food service establishment.  I have gotten the wrong size, the wrong flavors, and charged the wrong amount.  Once, when there were 4 of us ordering 3 mini butterfingers blizzards and 1 small heath blizzard, we got charged for 4 minis and received 2 small butterfingers, 1 mini butterfingers, and one mini heath.  When we complained (mostly about the mini heath that was supposed to be small) they said we were getting a good deal since we paid for minis.  Basically it wasn't what we ordered or what we wanted, but it was a good value, so don't complain.Approximately 65% chance the service will leave something to be desired.  There's one employee who has potential to be professional, but who has included some inappropriate humor with the order.  One girl said two words to us during our encounter.... "hey" and "lids?".  We've had rude explanations as to why coupons or Groupons couldn't be redeemed.  On the occasions where nothing went wrong, the product just wasn't up to bar.  Other locations put a lot more "stuff" in the blizzards, for example.  The only reason I go here is because it's so close to home, but it really is worth it to drive the extra couple of miles to Alma School and Guadalupe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/dairy-queen-mesa-6?hrid=OQgseDedrt8siQmewj_xRQ).
1	The place has no air conditioning, the service was awful.The place is dirty and smells bad, the employees aren't even clean.It's a shame that this is the closest DQ to my new apartment, but my girlfriend and I will not be returning to this location.The ice cream we both received was melted before we even received it, and the reeses in my blizzard were whole and not even broken or chunks.I strongly suggest you go somewhere else, or go to Bahama Bucks which isn't very far.
1	Worst DQ I've ever been to. Dirty, horribly slow service...and say WHAT?!?!...they only have vanilla?!?!?! Somebody needs to rescue this DQ. Very runned down.
1	I actually just came to Yelp today to look up this Dairy Queen in particular just to see if the hours were listed and I felt such a sense of camaraderie with everyone else who reviews this location.  I love Dairy Queen and mine is a house of fast food junkies who love dessert, but going to THIS Dairy Queen is generally not even worth it.  Every time I think about going I get this uncomfortable feeling in my stomach because I know I have to deal with rude, snotty brats if I want ice cream, but the nearest one other than this one isn't terribly convenient.  The demon's spawn that work here range from completely disinterested to straight up rude.  There is no care given to the items made, they are distracted by their coworkers, they don't greet you in a friendly manner at all, and you generally feel like you're an inconvenience.  You cannot blame it on them "just being teens" either because kids work at Taco Bell, Del Taco, In & Out, Wendy's, Subway, etc and they are friendly and helpful 99% of the time at any given location.  But I suppose if the owner is an ass and doesn't care, then why should the staff?I hope the owner reads this just so they realize how much money they lose by not taking their business seriously.
1	Gross
