4	If you find yourself west of Decarie, good coffee is hard to find. Just as in the wild west though, there's always one go-to saloon, or in this case, cafe. Kokkino is run by John Zampetoulakis and his partner, Angela. John is a big amiable, caring owner, who looks after his guests as if they were old friends, and in fact, many of them are. Kokkino's always has a crowd of regulars, and has become a neighborhood meeting place for a very eclectic bunch - you'll find everyone from retirees, musicians and artists, expat British photographers, to local businesspeople here. John serves up what I honestly think is one of the best lattes in town, and that's saying a lot. He uses Agga coffee, and it's delicious: http://www.cafeagga.com/origin.php?lang=enThere's a generous double shot of espresso in the regular latte, which already sets it apart from all the wimpy brews found at the chains and lesser coffee shops in town. And the Agga coffee has a beautiful aroma, with a nutty and vaguely sweet flavor. To his credit, John doesn't go overboard with the milk either, but adds just enough to blend with and mellow the coffee.Other highlights are the homemade Greek pastries, with the tender Walnut honey cookies (melomakarona) being my fave. In Winter there are homemade soups on offer, and they also have a variety of standard cafe fare and wraps, always served with a friendly smile.The decor is fine, but could use some panache. It's very clean and well-lit, but don't expect a hipster haven. There's no pretense or artifice here, but that's as it should be in a place where the product speaks for itself, with a little help from the hard-working owner and co. Live music on Saturdays.
4	Tiny little neighbourhood hole-in-the-wall, not so easy to find. Tends to attract some seedy -looking but harmless clientele, who appear to have made this place their hangout. I'v e only been here a few times, only for lunch, and now that the weather has become chilly, for their yummy & filling soups, which come with bread, without asking. The one time I came here during the summer, I have to say I almost choked on all the pepper in the salad dish, but no matter, the soups are are just fine. The owner is a very laid back, easy going, affable guy, and always made me feel very welcome, despite the fact I'm not one of the regulars. Great little diamond in the rough local west-end place.
3	I was visiting the neighborhood with my girlfriend and we had one free hour so we decided to go into a random coffee shop. Coffee is my religion so either I give a one star or a five star ratings to coffee shops.The owner is a nice, simple guy, nothing about him is hipster and pretentious like in the Mile End. He seemed overexcited to see new clients, and before I even had a chance to look at the menu he was already suggesting things. I'm not a big fan of this customer approach as it reminds me of shoe salesgirls, and it just seems to be his personality.I ordered an espresso, girlfriend ordered a cappuccino. Nothing to eat (but it looks good).My double espresso was served in an old fashioned glass and not in a demitasse, which I am okay with it, cappuccino came in a a vulgar over-sized dark purple mug. It looked horrible.My girlfriend drank the cappuccino but it wasn't that crazy-great she said, but then again coffee isn't her religion (she's a devout catholic). My espresso was too long, too watery, the shy amount of crema disappeared quickly, you could see the blackness of it, the taste was bitter, every sip of it required courage. My opinion was that coffee was roasted ages ago from robusta or poor arabica beans, probably even bought pre-ground. Tasteless, bitter, a bad experience. Mister owner, I support local coffee shops, but please, please, do not make your coffee worse than what the corporate chains already offer. Get out of NDG, visit Pikolo, Myriade, Plume, taste their espresso, it's lovely, orange, and flavory, taste their drip and the range of tastes freshly ground quality beans, learn from them. You don't even need their expensive hipster coffee suppliers, you can get great beans freshly roasted days ago from the roaster that own Ecafe Canada in Montreal.I will come back to this location in about a year to see if any improvements have been made. I wish you luck. My only advice: make great coffee.Please.
5	Lovely owner, lovely shop & lovely people. This is definitely one of those places you walk into and realize that there are regulars that keep it alive. People are comfortable around the owner and chat and gossip about the ongoing activities in the srea. It has a very home-y feel to it. The cafe serves greek pastries and sandwiches along with the usual, coffee, cakes, cookies, hot chocolate, tea, etc. the ht chocolate is absolutely delicious. Topped with cream and marshmallows. Ive always felt welcomed there which id say is a huge component to the business of a small cafe. You walk in from the snow and are greeted like family. How could everything else, the food included not be wonderful after you've been included into a whole new community that is Kokkino's Cafe.
