5	I don't need to sing the praises of The Royal Botanic Garden in Edinburgh.  This working scientific research station has been adding value to Edinburgh and scientific understanding of plants and fungi since the seventeenth century.In the past 30 odd years, the RBG has reached out into the community, engaging folk in all parts of Scotland and around the world in the enterprise of discovery.The new kid on this established block is the John Hope Gateway at what used to be the 'back entrance' to the Garden on Arboretum Place.  In the John Hope Gateway you'd find the RGB's new biodiversity and information centres and a simply excellent place to go for breakfast, lunch or afternoon tea.The Librarian and I took the train from Glasgow, made our way across Princes Street to Hanover Street.  We walked down Dundas Street and onto Inverleith Row by way of Brandon Street.  Through the Garden we reached the back door now guarded by the very welcoming Gateway.We had booked and were seated whenever we arrived.  The menu was proffered and we looked over the balcony to the madding crowd below.  We selected crab salad and duck;  boring, I know, but we both had the same.The food was nicely prepared and well presented, although the crab salad gave the impression of being a little 'tired'.  Perhaps they were saving money by preparing the little salad starters early and having them sit about waiting to be ordered?I noted that HMQ had been to the Garden formally to open the new gateway.  She will have been impressed by everything that she saw.I cannot think of another scientific research institute in the UK that is as open to the public nor as responsive to public interest.  The addition of the Gateway is icing on an already very nice cake, and the inclusion of this restaurant is inspired.
2	On a hot Easter Monday afternoon, we swung in here for afternoon tea. It was meltingly hot in the glass framed building, and we were desperate for a drink of water and looking forward to a proper tea service. But thanks to the waiters to seemed to idling around chatting, we couldn't order anything and after a while sweating in the heat, got bored. So left. The manager kindly noted that I left my bag but didn't bother to ask why we left without ordering. Oh well!
1	Unless you are looking for a completely uninspired breakfast experience, I would give the Gateway Restaurant a miss. I had heard that lunching here was recommendable and so, I hoped that perhaps breakfast might be worthwhile. Of course, the venue is beautiful, located as it is in the John Hope Gateway. But, warming the croissants could not mask how stale they were. The Aberdeen buttery did not seem much fresher. The stacked Scotch pancakes, were unimaginatively presented. Do not expect the wait staff to be able to provide any details about the presence of nut contamination in any of the food - despite the menu stating that they will.  The reason that our waitress could not give us any details about possible nut contamination of course, was because all pastries are bought in from outside. This is not the first time I have been confronted with this issue and I still find it unacceptable that a restaurant, even if a food item is brought in from a bakery, cannot furnish the customer with details of ingredients, or other information relevant to the food item. Most disappointingly I suppose, was the fact that the food was not made in house. Why is it that a restaurant cannot bake/make its own food? I assume that they do have a kitchen and cooks. I know from personal experience that a scone, a pancake, a loaf of bread are not complex undertakings in the kitchen.I cannot fault the wait staff; they were pleasant enough. (Though some training from management might have been in order for our poor waitress was most thoroughly stumped when we asked her to enlighten us as to what an Aberdeen buttery was).  Pleasant service though cannot make up for poor quality food. So, if you want to impress out-of-town guests, serve them a nice breakfast at home and head straight to the botanic gardens bypassing the Gateway Restaurant.
