5	I ate here on Saturday after a long morning of errand running....I was starving! I had heard that sometimes this place makes Filipino food so I was so ready to order some. Unfortunately the lady who makes it wasn't working that morning . I was still able to find something to eat because this place has a variety of different types of food. Morettis has sandwiches, salads, burgers, hot dogs,pizza and even breakfast items! I haven't had a burger in a while so I ordered a burger and fries and my husband ordered a Chicken Salad. The owner was really hospitable and the service was outstanding! While we waited on our meal they gave us complimentary chips with homemade salsa. It tasted really fresh and I appreciated the gesture because I was ready to eat! My burger was also very good and the fries were nice and crispy. My husband really enjoyed his salad. They also served us some garlic bread...I'm not sure if it was complimentary or if it came with the salad but I wasn't going to turn it away. It wasn't greasy and it had just the right amount of garlic on it. Some places I go to try to make this and it comes off bland and greasy but Morettis gets it right!
3	If you're looking for comfort food this is the place to go to. Its a quaint lil restaurant westside of Vegas. I stopped by for a small dinner after work, so I was hungry and looking for a light meal that would fill me up. Business is slow during the dinner hours, or so the owner tells as he made the recommendations for my meal. As a general rule I always ask for a recommendation when I visit a restaurant for the first time, a nice way of saying "Give me the best you got". Sorta makes it easier to determine whether the best warrants a second visit.On to the food. As to the owner's recommendations, my meal came with their delicious Moretti's Soup of the Day. As delightful as the soup was, the main course, Chicken Parmigiana with Marinara Sauce and Linguine pasta, failed to deliver. Don't get me wrong, the chicken was fantastic, the garlic bread that came with it was equally good, the sauce just never hit. Their sauce is home-made which gives it a nice chunky texture & hints of dried herb (would have been nicer if it was fresh), however it tasted watered down, and lacked the richness of authentic Italian Marinara. Something that I hope they'll improve over time. Come to think of it I hope that sauce didn't come from a Prego jar...I would definitely recommend this place, if you're looking for a place that's not pretentious.
4	This place make dining simple while maintaining a large menu!I hat the Fettucini with olive oil and garlic, a small salad and garlic bread...all for under $10!  The food (especially the garlic bread) was fantastic too.   This place was a great deal and the huge welcome from the owner made our day.   Wait staff (blond guy) was awesome too!   I still haven't figured out the lady who walked out and told us we could order egg rolls...that was a bit weird in an Italian restaurant, but I like weird things so I'd try it :)Good job guys!
5	Stumbled upon Morettis Eatery on my lunch break. Hidden near Grazianos pizza and Vons. I went in because they offered Free WIFI.  THe place is quaint with tableclothed tables. Initially I thought it was just a burger joint. But quickly realized that they served mostly Italian food. Menu was large featuring pastas, appetizers, soup, and desserts. I was having trouble deciding when a staff member offered a all-you-can-eat. I decided to go with that. He offered my my fist dish, an italian rocket. It was soft moist and delicious. The souce was great not to tomatoey. Next was freshly made burger and fries. Really good also. I will defintely visit this place when on this side of town.
5	Pizza was good, but what really earned a 5-star review was the Rocket.  You can get them with either beef or sausage.  Trust me, get the sausage.  I can literally say I've never had better....It was more tender than any sausage has a right to be.  Good Lord, man.... I had the all-you-can eat lunch deal and I ate 4 or 5 of these damn things.  I was full at one point, but the sausage rockets were so damn good I just kept eating.  Highly recommended!!!
5	A great place that really gives you some serious value for your money.At first I was a little worried about the size of the menu.  They serve things ranging from hot dogs, burgers, clam chowder (made in house I was told), as well as an extensive italian menu.  That includes pizza as well.  For such a small establishment, I had serious concerns that I would simply be served a bunch of frozen stuff from costco.No worries here.  Had a meatball parm and order of garlic bread.  The meatballs were nice and tasy with a nice soft bun.  What I really likes was they served the red sauce on the side.  You pour on as much as you want and the bread doesn't get soggy and disgusting.  A little sauce, take a bit, and enjoy.The garlic bread was EXCELLENT.  Had a nice garlic butter flavor but wasn't greasy at all.  Nice crispy piece of bread.Was told you can get all your eat for around $7 or $8.  I did not get that but the guys next to me did.  They were eating a lot.  I have no idea how this place makes money at the prices they charge.As long as subsequent visits match my first, I will be going to Moretti's a lot.  Good food, great prices, and friendly service.
2	Very nice owner but bland, mediocre food. Maybe we aimed too high? We ordered chicken Parmesan and Fettucini Alfredo. Chicken was tender but pasta was tough and sauces flat. Soup tasted canned. Disappointing because I read other great reviews. Maybe sandwiches and pizza are better?
5	This place is great!  Great pizza and great service!  If the owner, Mr. Pino is around when you're there, he can tell you some GREAT stories of all the famous people he's served during his time in the restaurant business.  The place is really clean, and decorated really well, too.  Great part of town, too.  Check it out!!!
3	The soup was fantastic today hearty and definitely not from a can.  I especially enjoyed the garlic bread. I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and was promptly warned that it would be 10 minutes to get it since it would  be made fresh.  My wife ordered the caesar salad and said the dressing was good but thin. The Ravioli that my wife ordered sadly was not well drained so the sauce was a bit thinned down which was a bit dissapointing. The Fettucini Alfredo was good but it did not knock my socks off. The noodles were a bit more al dente than I would prefer and the sauce was was less creamy than I have come to expect. Overall the service was good and I will be going back to try other dishes.
1	Closed.
