4	When I am in need of a pedicure, and am feeling cheap, I head on over to Andy's Nails.  Home of the $17.99 spa pedicure!  Callous treatments are an extra $5, but that's the standard price anywhere you go.  I've been going to Andy's now for about a year or so.  Went yesterday afternoon to get a pedi after my dental appointment.  Figured, I just had the teeth clean, now might as well have the feet done now too.  Not that I don't wash my feet when I shower, but you know what I mean.  Now, my issue with Andy's nails is no matter who I sit with, they do not cut my toenails short enough.  Within a matter of a week or two, my toenails are so long I could slice up my bedsheets.  Other than that, everyone is friendly and there are usually enough techs there that you do not have to wait long for a spot to open up.
4	Andy's was actually referred to me by a friend about a year ago.  I ended up going because Sundrops was reservation only.  Andy's has GREAT prices and they are quite friendly.The place is sparse but they have a ton of magazines.  Don't be fooled by the nail color selection there is another rack after the counter on the wall.  I I pay $33 for mani, pedi and callus remover, It is one of the best deals in town and the fact that they do a great job is a bonus.  Also, you can get your eyebrows waxed!!Special thank you, I went in late on the Thursday and they had well closed, but still continued great service.  They did not speed up the Mani/Pedi to get us out.  This is what will make me a repeat customer
5	After unsuccessfully attempting a walk in gel at the posh looking "Sundrops" nail salon with my two year old in tow, I was drawn to a half deserted strip mall just down the street and a small space in the center labeled Andy's Nails. I Yelped the place and saw the decent reviews so I walked in and was immediately attended to by the friendliest faces I've seen in a while. Despite the fact that I was short one babysitter, they began work on my nails right away and when my toddler got restless, one of the very nice owners picked her up and carried her around for 20 minutes!  Not only do they now offer Gelish gel manicures but they offer more colors than many other Arcadia/Biltmore/Camelback Corridor nail salons AND they're cheaper by anywhere from $5-$20! I'm definitely going back and going back soon! My toes are lonely...
1	Wish I could review this place on service but I wasn't able to get one.  Walked in at 1 PM on a Sunday afternoon for a mani pedi, was told by the front nail tech to have a seat.  I get it, I walked in on a Sunday afternoon so they are going to be busy and I am fine to wait.  My wait turned into 30 minutes and no one said a word to me.  Then the front nail guy tells me it is going to be another 20 minutes before someone would be able to get to me.  You know your salon, you know your techs and how long it will take them to do a service as well as how many people are in front of me so it would have been nice to have gotten a expected wait time before I wasted an hour my time.  I ended up leaving and going to another salon who saw me right away  The place in general was dirty, nail polish spilled down the wall and dust everywhere.  I did not get to see how clean their pedi baths and chairs were but the front waiting and front desk area was filthy.
2	I don't like writing negative reviews but honestly after my visit to Andys I have no idea what the 4 & 5 star ratings are all about...First the good ~ my pedicure was good.  The lady actually listened to what I told her I wanted unlike the 2 nail techs that worked on me later.  The massage was nice and the color and design came out great.  The only downside to the pedicure was the "upselling" of services but most places do that so I don't consider that much of a negative.My acrylics tho was a totally different story.  I told the tech I wanted french tips ~ what I ended up with were tips that were painted white which began chipping off in a matter of days.  Part of it was my fault as I was talking to my friend and not paying attention to what was being done.  Once I did notice I just didn't have the time for them to start over.   Even with an appointment I had to wait 30 minutes after before anyone could work on me.  The 2 techs that worked on my nails started having a rapid fire conversation in Vietnamese and took their time getting back to my nails.The nails were way to thick ~ my term for the end result was hooker nails... ughhh!   Even tho the pedicure came out well at a good price I will not go back again.  I found a salon much closer with a very skilled nail tech who I will be going to from now on.  It costs more but then again you get what you pay for.
1	I hate giving a bad review.  But I am PISSED and feel that I must due to the situation I'm going through presently.  I've been going to Andy's for off and on now for about 2 years (When I need a pedi last moment) and have not had any problems.  Then again, I really don't recall getting nicked or having a tech go overkill with the nippers.  Flash back to last Thursday.  I want to get a quick pedi before J and I headed to Vegas for the Labor Day weekend.  So, I head over to Andy's.  Everything is going well, until the tech starts trimming the cuticles and going after what she must think is a hangnail or something.  Next thing I know, a piece of skin is being what felt like ripped from the side of my toenail bed.  I'm not bleeding, so I think nothing of it.  The rest of Thursday - toe is feeling so-so.  Friday - toe starts feeling a little sore.  Saturday - more soreness.  Sunday, my toe is starting to full on hurt.  Got some redness going on.  Me not having any issues like this in the past, I don't think too much of it.  All week long, my flippin toe continues to hurt.  Even when I'm not walking.  So I decide that I need to do something.This morning, I mention it to a coworker of mine who's dealt with nail fungus before from getting shoddy services at other establishments.  With my leg hiked up on my desk we take a closer look.  She then says to me, "That looks a little green."  ME - WHAT THE F_CK!??!  Sure enough, right along the cuticle there's a small green patch.  She says that she's seen nailbeds turn green, but not the skin.  I'm pissed.  I was tempted to return to Andy's to ask them, "WTF is this sh*t". But knowing that I had a regular nail appointment (for my gel nails, that i get at a regular salon up in N. Scottsdale), I decide to ask my nail gal about it.  So I head on up to my appointment after work.  No sooner than I get back to my gel gals station, I tell her what's going on and ask her to have a look.  She gets down on her knees, looks at my toe, and immediately grabs some tool from her sanitizer container (the blue stuff).  A few presses of the tool and the next thing I know, puss is coming out from the side of my toe.  OMFingG.YUCK!!  GAG!!  My gal was super upset.  Upset at the fact that there are techs out there that are lazy and do not properly sanitize their tools and equipment.  Which makes a bad name for everyone else who does do things by the book and follows State Board guidelines.  So now, I have to go and get my toe puss drained every day for the next week or so.  Toe Puss = FAILIf I was a diabetic, I'd probably be having my toe amputated right about now.  Will I return to Andy's?  HELL TO THE F_CK NO!  And while its on my mind, let me make a call to the state board.(after thoughts) When I think about it, a lot of these chop shops do not properly disinfect their pedi bowls.  They're supposed to clean and disinfect the bowl and let circulate for 10 minutes.  I've seen this place, and other chop shops rinse with water, then wipe down with a kitchen type scrub sponge (sometimes spraying with a 409 type product), and then refill with water for the next customer.  From the EPA website on Disinfection for Foot Spa Basins - http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/factsheets/footspa_disinfection.htmAfter Each Client: (this can take place any time after the client's feet are out of the footbath, while feet are massaged, toes are painted, or other opportunities)1.Drain the water from the foot spa basin or bowl and remove any visible debris. 2.Clean the surfaces of the foot spa with soap or detergent, rinse with clean water, and drain. 3.After cleaning, disinfect* the surfaces with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant (for description) according to the manufacturer's directions on the label. Surfaces must remain wet with the disinfectant for 10 minutes or the time stated on the label, which may be shorter. * For whirlpool foot spas, air-jet basins, "pipe-less" foot spas, and other circulating spas: It is best to disinfect by filling the basin with clean water, adding the appropriate amount of liquid disinfectant, and turning the unit on to circulate the disinfectant for the entire contact time. 4.After disinfection, drain and rinse with clean water. Next time you get your mani-pedi (at any nail place), start to take notice of how they're disinfecting/cleaning.
5	I was referred to Andy's by somebody, but after reading some of the reviews I was a little bit hesitant to go in. Honestly, I am very happy I did. Despite what some reviews say, I thought the salon was very clean, and I saw the equipment being sanitized. I made a 5pm appointment, but i got there early and was seen immediately. I got a gel manicure,  Kim did the manicure, and Anne the polish. They were both extremely nice. My manicure came out perfect, and it was only $25. I will definitely be going back.
3	Had pedicures done here several times because they are open late and close to home. I've always been happy with the results, and this time was no different. I didn't notice anything gross or unsanitary. They have a lot of colors to choose from and my girl did a good job on my design. My problem is with my girlfriend's experience. She has been relatively happy with the service when we go there, but this time her nails were trimmed unevenly. Even after she pointed it out, and another more experienced tech tried to correct it, the result still made her unhappy. The prices are not as good as they used to be, either, although it is still pretty inexpensive.
1	This place just refused service. I have come here many times before! This time I had a hang nail that had bled but I informed them that it had not bled for 24 hours and that I have been keeping it properly cleaned for sanitation sake. They refused to fix the nail claiming that it was still bleeding. I told them that it had not been for a day but they argued with me saying that it would burn. I told them I have experiences far worse and that pain was not an issue. They made me wait 20 minutes and then refused service. I will NOT be coming back!!
1	Can in on a whim and asked the cost of gel on the toe nails (I'm at the pool a lot). They said $15 more than the place I usually go to. I was in a rush and really needed to get both a fill and a pedicure, they refused the service despite my agreement to the ridiculous price.
5	Just got a gel mani and French pedi, FLAWLESS! Reasonably priced! I've been going here for over 5 years, NEVER had any sort of sanitation problem. Sweet hard working staff! Would highly recommend, except on Saturday afternoons when it's practically standing room only!
3	Getting a wee bit ghetto. Inconsiderate girl playing her rap music loud on her phone and lady letting her son run amock.  Still like the product but thinking of going early when there's not so many people. Was going to bring my boyfriend for a pedicure but these type of people being there would be an embarrassment.
1	It's official Andys nail has went down the drain. I have been coming here for 6 years and can say will never be back. There work has got so poor! I stopped getting my nails done there 2 years but loved the girls that did the pedis. All those girl are now gone and the people now just suck. Especially this dude they hired. Over priced for the less then mediocre work. Very unhappy walked out with toe nails crocked and only half painted nails( they didn't paint the whole nails)
