5	My experience with Ken and his team was wonderful!  They transformed my home in just over a week.  That is including putting new granite in my kitchen, putting in new backsplash, new lighting, redoing my cabinets and painting my entire home.  Everyone was always extremely easy to work with and very respectful of my home and the fact that I was living there while they were doing the transformation.  He even had some of the work redone because it was not to a level of quality that he was satisfied with.  This was at no extra cost to me!  I highly recommend Ken and his team to anyone I come in contact with!  I also will continue to go back to him in the future for anything that I need!!Thank you Ken for all that you did for me!
5	We worked with Ken Wolfson on a special event where our other design guru fell out at the last minute, and Ken Wolfson and his team really came through for us to create a spectacular event design.  He created a warm environment for our guests and clients using fantastic vintage pieces--Some of the guests even inquired about purchasing a set of chairs right off the event floor.  He made everything during our hectic event prep work very smoothly, was easy to deal with from preparations to install, and we had great results.  Ken Wolfson was a lifesaver!
5	Ken absolutely impressed my entire family.  My husband was very skeptical about using an interior designer (I did it anyways).  Both of us couldn't be happier with the result.  Our house needed a new color scheme, lighting & large accent items.  Ken went above & beyond to make all three and more happen.  He was always punctual and very forthcoming about every step of the process...which made it that much easier for me to hand the keys of my house over to him for more than a week without thinking twice.  I can't wait for my next project with him.  Surprisingly enough, neither can my husband!
5	I literally had two days notice before my home would serve as a reception area.  I found Ken's website and in a panic, begged him to do the job.  Surprisingly, he was at my home that evening and the next evening, he and his crew professionally (and in good spirits)created a palace out of a pauper's lounge.Since this time, we have worked on several projects.  I have learned that he doesn't need my advice or direction; I simply present the canvas and he knows how to make it look exactly like I want it.
