4	We went through drive-thru. It's right by our house, and we were in a Taco Bell kind of mood. Marcelle was our cashier. He was super polite and courteous. Lots of toppings on our nachos and burritos. Thanks! Now we know this is a great Taco Bell.
4	Always get good service here though sometimes its a tad slow. The foods always made the way i like it too. Which is why i come here. Which is also why im the duchess :)
2	I've been coming to this location for two reasons, good service, and entertainment from the bus stop outside.  However, recently, I've experienced not so great service.  Gosh, I wish the teens working at night would just pay attention. Two weeks in a row now I've gotten the wrong order.   First one last week, cheesy gordita crunch with chicken. I got a hard shell taco w/ chicken, cheese, and lettuce in it.   Bean and cheese burrito....I got a beef and cheese burrito. Maybe it's my east coast accent? I don't know.   Yesterday, cheesy gordita crunch with chicken. I got a gordita with chicken and cheese. Um hi, either you don't carry that one anymore, or the person reading the recipe does not know what they're doing?  Hard shell chicken taco encased by a soft shell tortilla w/ cheese between the two shells.  What is the issue?  I'm going to try another location until these workers move on to the next job.
4	Clean on the inside. Staff is friendly. Food is always good here. Never crappy. Other than a few homeless people hanging out across boulder highway, I like this place.
1	Horrible service..I can see staff messing around in the back while I watch them.. waiting for my food.. smh
3	It's Taco Bell what can we say.  We have been here a couple times but the last two time we have waited extremely long times in the drive thru. If you on a lunch break go to Roberto's. It's just not worth it.  Last wait time was 36 min if there had not been a. At in front or back of us we would have just left.
2	I hate this location. Only here does it take more than ten minutes to get the one item I ordered. The staff are friendly, but they move at a glacial pace. If this wasn't right by my house I would never come here. I still avoid is most of the time.
