5	All I can say is AWESOME!!!!!I ordered all of my wedding centerpieces from Las Vegas Bouquet for my wedding.  There is a reason why these guys won Best of Las Vegas in 2007...Gosia was wonderful to deal with and she made sure everything was perfect for my centerpieces.  I had a budget, but it certainly didn't look like it as the centerpieces looked like the ones that cost over $150 each!!!!I did everything over the phone and email because I do not live in Las Vegas.  She did a "trial" for me and sent tons of photographs to make sure I was happy.On the date of the event, I was blown away. The centerpieces looked better than I had imagined.  I was sooooo incredibly pleased!!!  Thanks, Las Vegas Bouquet!!! I'd definitely recommend you to any bride who is getting married and wants the perfect look!!!!
5	Las Vegas bouquet did a beautiful job with my wedding bouquet!  It was stunning, and delivered to the hotel exactly at the time I requested.  Great job, reliable, highly recommend.
5	I was recommended to Las Vegas Bouquet from my photographer. I was unsure of who to use for my trip coming from North Carolina so any help I could use was appreciated. I was blown away by my bouquet. My wedding was near to Christmas and I wanted red accents to my wardrobe. I told Gosia to be creative as she wanted but to incorporate some Christmas greenery. I was more than impressed, the bouquet proved to be a very excellent centerpiece to my closeup shots, and it smelled so amazing with the big red rose clusters and winter accents. Highly recommended.
2	This is a much delayed review. I got married in April 2014 and since it was just a simple ceremony with family members and a few closed friends, I didn't plan on getting a bouquet. My husband told me that I should get one so I have something in my hands. I went in to the shop around February, 2 months before to our big day, picked out a small calla lily bouquet and asked a specific ribbon color (tan in satin material) and was told it could be matched. The small bouquet which only has like a handful of flowers, cost $90. I thought, that's expensive but I didn't want to run around town for a bargain and sucked it up and paid for it based on the awards and reviews. I even sent email with photos of my wedding shoes so the arrangement person knows exactly what color I am talking about. Then, the day came, my husband picked up the bouquet while I got ready in the hotel room. He brought it back and boy was I upset. The ribbon was brown. Brown. Dark brown. Not tan. I would not have been upset if the ribbon was camel, tan, whatever. But it was brown. It was not anywhere close to the photos I had sent to the shop. In hindsight, I wished I had gone and picked it up myself so I could have had it fixed and instead I had my husband to do it and he had no idea what the hell he was looking at. If I ever get flowers again for whatever reason, I am definitely requesting a trial so I know what to expect.
