4	Do you snub a place because they're cheap, and you equate cheap with inferior or sub par quality? Do you snub something because people never mention them, and they don't get reviewed, even once, on Yelp?Shame on you. SHAME ON YOU.I used to be that person. I'm guilty of all of the above, especially in regards to the pizza with the a toga-wearing guy who thinks he's funny. I know, I know, shame on me.I was "introduced" to this place when I first came to the states almost 20 years ago, I was young then and my cousin was even younger. Fast-forward almost 20 years, I found myself ordering stuff from this place while I was visiting the Phoenix metro area. He swore by this stuff. He told me how the pizza was NOT half-bad, and the price made it more appealing. 5 bucks a one topping pizza, how can anyone refuse? Additional toppings extra, and so are thin crusts and deep dish, but that's to be expected.Remember, they don't deliver. That's how the keep the prices dirt-cheap. The people there were very nice, and was not pushy about upselling anything. They also have dipping sauces, which I got the garlic butter one. They have chilled soft-drinks, and that's a good thing since it's hot here. They also have the infamous Crazy Bread. Gotta taste it to believe it.So, you ask, why did I give four stars to a place that I snubbed till this place changed my mind? Take notes, here's the formula:Cheap pizza + Ok pizza + convenient location + nice people and service + my attitude adjustment = 4 stars!Did you get that? The lesson you should learn:Don't knock it till you try it.
4	Little Cesars is a mixed bag, if you get a pizza sitting in the heating oven, it sucks. If you order it fresh then it can be fantastic. The best way to avoid the former and enjoy the latter is ask them to make you one. Also, to enforce this behavior be sure to ask for an exotic topping. Bacon ought to do it. Nice staff, and clean store. Easy way to feed a family on the cheap.
5	I've visited this location several times and am always satisfied with their customer service.They are very nice and helpful.$5 for a pizza?Why not!The manager their is very nice and always asks me how I am doing.He actually remembers me every time I go in, that always makes a business easier to go back to.I love the food and love their service.
1	Stopped here for a lunch combo today (Saturday 1pm)  and was told they didn't have the lunch combo today. No reason was given for not serving the combo today. Posters all over the store state Lunch Combo - pizza plus drink for $5 EVERY day between 11 am and 2 pm. Tried to then get a pretzel crust pizza - they didn't have that either. I went home and made myself a sandwich!
