4	Family owned and operated Pasta Brioni has the feel of a New York City Italian Restaurant.  All the waiters here are young, hot, hunks who even have there own calender.  Come here for the delicious Italian dishes and I am not sure if I am talking about the food or the waiters!
4	Come here on girls night out.  You will not be dissapointed.  Hunky dark Italian servers aside, the food is excellent.  I think this might be some of the best italian food in the Valley.
4	while i cant speak about the looks of the men working there... I do think they only hire people from New York or Jersey... the servers have the all the attitude that you would expect out of a Sopranos episode...  the atmosphere makes you feel like you are in the Bronx despite being in a strip mall...But by far the best thing this place has to offer is the food.  while the menu is not too large and surprisingly does not have alot of Italian dishes most things they will make for you... for example last time i was there they made chicken parmesan... i would go out on a limb and say that if it is not on the menu they will probably make it for you... especially if you are a female!  this is tops in the valley for the real deal itilano place that makes you feel like you are on the east coast
1	this is a sad review for me. it's one of those "what the hell happened to my favorite italian place in arizona" realizations. i have been going to pasta brioni for so long now, i can't remember the first time BUT i will not forget my last time (and i am not coming back). for years we had looked forward to our brioni meal and the veal (pounded very thingwith a small salad on top - always a special they have, never on the menu). my grandparents have been regulars for years and know most of the people there. when i asked my papa if he wanted to go to brioni, he said "let's do North instead" - but i really wanted the veal and my sister wanted to show her boyfriend our old fav. i should have listened to papa. since the owners changed it's been a steep downward spiral.i should have known from the get-go that this was going to be a bad experience - the host, who was nothing like the definition of his title, didn't as much look our way when supposed "regulars" were waiting to get to their table. he was too consumed with something else (maybe the havoc in the kitchen??). so we found our way to our table by ourselves (thanks buddy, you didn't even say hi), and sit down ready for the veal! oh guess what, the veal is only served on weekends (WTF, since when?), so i put my disappointment behind me and ordered the chicken the way they prepare the veal. when asked if the same chef was around, they said "yes, the same guy for 12 years now," (i somehow don't believe that line) the beet salad i ordered was bad. the calamari was good. and now to the grand finale of the shitty brioni experience....our main courses.my grandfather got his linguine & clams first, and when I say first, I mean 10 minutes before the rest of us and almost 20 minutes before my grandma got hers. poor poor timing in the kitchen. especially to make an older lady wait for her food, not cool. my grandfather didn't complain about his food being there (he always starts eating before any of us and never waits, we're use to it). as we all waited and waited and waited for my grandma to get her food, ours was getting cold, we began to eat ours and 10 minutes later, her's came. and guess what she got?? wait for it....wait for it....CHICKEN. damn, who knew chicken took as long as a souffl? my chicken, prepared thinly pounded with a  salad on top, was sub-par, not to brioni standards and i had to shovel the ENORMOUS salad off of the top of my chicken to another plate for about a minute until i could actually see the chicken, and there was still salad on my plate. i think they threw the whole bag of mixed greens on top. everyone had OK meals...but it was the service that killed it.when we tried to find our waiter or possibly a manager or maybe someone who might be in charge of this mess of an operation, they were no where to be found. my grandfather got up and "spoke" with someone in charge and explained to him that we will never be back and thanks for the horrible service. i'm sure he was "nice" about it, as any disgruntled italian grandfather would be. finally our waiter came back but it was to explain to the other table next to us why their food was not coming out...and in the middle of this, the rude host came over to yell him right in front of our tables. very professional. so our waiter tells us that as a consolation prize he will buy our dessert. oh wow, thanks buddy. our dessert came and they didn't even throw in tira misu. no, just some odds and ends they have leftover it seemed like. it was horrible. as we left my granfather said, so everyone could hear, "we're never coming back here." true dat papa.
3	Nice staff, good choices on menu.  We ordered the calamari-- not sure how you screw fried calamari up but Pasta Brioni managed to, in the fryer too long.The pasta meals we ordered were decent.  Nothing great or special.  They handled a large group well though and the service was good.  Oh and the bread is really good too.
2	Pasta Brioni in a nut shell: Hot waiters. Mediocre food.
2	So all this hype on hot waiters had this place on my list to do on my Stay-cation. Sad to say, I was majorly disappointed!A group of gals hit this place for a late lunch on a Friday. The server acted like he was bothered from the get-go. The service was slow and he was rude and cold.The food was pretty good. I had meatballs and capellini. The sauce was one of the best I have had. My friends enjoyed pizza and a meatball sandwich.I would possibly return for the good food. The service left something to be desired, especially a hot hospitable Italian man.
4	So, I was introduced to Pasta Brioni about two years ago by one of my best friends and her sister.  We trying to decide where to eat, and they we're like "Let's go to Pasta Brioni because the servers are sooooo hot!"  So we went, and yes the server was very good looking.  The girls were pleased.Aside from the staff, the food has been good every time I have been there.  I always get the four cheese rigatoni, and it is very good.  If you go...get the crab cakes as a starter.Go for the food, the "soooo hot" staff that I have heard about has been hit or miss.
4	I've been to Pasta Brioni more than a handful of times over the years... and I've never been disappointed.  It's a fun girls night out, but it's also great for date night or with a group.Most recently, I went with a group of 8 of us on a Saturday night.  It was a spontaneous decision that the birthday girl (Halley S) made with some persuasion from her fiance and my boyfriend too.  (I think they really wanted Italian food).  Luckily, Brioni accommodated us and we were seated within minutes of arriving.The ownership may have changed, and maybe the waiters weren't as HOT as i remembered, but we were all pleased with our experience.  Justin was our waiter and he put up with some random questions from my boyfriend (IE - are all Maryland Crab Cakes from Maryland?) - he'd been drinking all day long; forgive him!The warm rolls were as good as ever and we were all happy that there was plenty of olive oil, parmesan, and balsamic on the table ready and waiting for us to dip into!  I started with a dirty Grey Goose martini and it went down real easy... The birthday girl and some of the other girls seemed to enjoy their blueberry lemon drop martinis also.  Some of us had wine with dinner and that was good too... Onto the food - I had a few bites of the artichoke appetizer (note that it's served cold, but it's tasty!)  For my entree, I went with the tilapia special of the day - it was a huge portion and it was great; served with veggies but I had a side of pasta too (after all, we were at PASTA Brioni!)  Others in the group had the grilled salmon special, mushroom ravioli, gnocchi, chicken martini (this is a special recipe that is really good) and maybe chicken parmesan.  No complaints from anyone - pretty cool!We didn't order dessert since we had Sprinkles cupcakes... it was really sweet that our waiter even served them for us - not all restaurants are so accommodating when you bring in outside food).  All that and total per person (of course we all paid for the birthday girl too) was $48 including 20% tip.  Not bad for a Saturday night out for a special occasion!We are excited to be moving back into the Old Town 'hood - I'm sure we'll make Pasta Brioni one of our regular stops on the restaurant rotation... maybe we'll see you there?!
4	I have been coming to Brioni's for years.  Since I moved out of the area I have not been here in a long time.  On my birthday a large group of us were planning on going out to dinner but did not decide on a place until the last minute.  Of course they could not take a party of 8... what was I thinking.  Anyway we came to the decision of Pasta Brioni so I gave them a call and they were very accommodating.  Within 15 minutes of getting there we were sat.  Our server was great and very knowledgeable.  The food was as good as I remember.  I will always be a customer of Pasta Brioni.
4	The food here is consistently good, but let's face it ladies...if you've lived near downtown Scottsdale for a while, you've heard about the hot waitstaff.  They even had their own calendar for a couple years!  Sadly, on a recent birthday outing with 4 other girls, we were disappointed to find that the hot young boys were nowhere in sight (no offense to the fine waiters that do work there).  That's the real reason we chose Brioni's, as there are other places to get good Italian food if that's what you're after.  Granted, it may be that the boys had the night off for their other job with the Chippendales, but I doubt it.   We were there on a Friday night, and they seated us in a room I didn't know existed (the place is huge, with several rooms), not in the bar area where I'd had good times in the past.  The service was good, although the corner where we were seated smelled like old wood...?  It seems the crowd here has aged a bit as well..not that there's anything wrong with that...but it was more of the close to retirement set, rather than hot middle-agers like us!  Bottom line: still great food, good place to take visiting family around the holidays, but unfortunately the man candy is gone...
2	The waiters are pretty hot.. well not all of them but many.. the food is so so.. service, if I had bigger boobs I think the service would have been better.. would not return.. I wake up to a hot man every morning so I have no worries about checking the waiters out again.
2	We've eaten here for years.  However, it's been a little while since the last visit.  The food has always been good, leaving me wanting more.  That was until lastnight.  Maybe it's the state of the economy causing the need to watch their costs because they seem to be cutting back on critical ingredients.  The chicken breast in the parmesana and bianco chicken entrees were pounded to a paper thin thickness.  Also, there were very few small, diced pieces of shrimp in the penne vodka shrimp entree.  This used to be served with medium-sized, whole shrimp.  Next time when Italian food sounds appetizing, this will not be on the list.  It was very disappointing.
4	Hot waiters they say.  Most of them must be off on Sunday night, although we did see an old dude walking around in a tie-I assume he was the manager-that or  I've got a seriously different definition of hot than the average girl.This was our first time here, and we were not disappointed.  We had an appetizer of roasted red peppers, tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and prosciutto.  Perfect with the warm rolls they serve.  My husband and I both had pasta dishes-mine was good ole' spaghetti and meatballs, and those balls were big!  We're talking about the food now, not the waiters, so keep up.  My husband had linguine with crab meat.  We both thought our dishes were excellent as well as the tiramisu we shared.Service was excellent.  I like how they brought a board out with all the specials on it and left it at the table to check out, rather than rattling off the options, most of which you will forget by the time they're done reciting them.I knock a star off as I thought the pasta dishes were overpriced.  $14 for the spaghetti and $23 for the linguine with crab-it wasn't like there was a pound of crab meat in it!  But overall, a great meal.  We'll definitely come again.
4	Pasta Brioni was one of the first restaurants I tried out when I moved to the valley last year.  The bruschetta appetizer is a favorite and I've never been disappointed in the spaghetti and meatballs. My only gripe is that they don't offer Chicken Vesuvio, which happens to be one of my most favorite Italian dishes. I'd probably visit more frequently if they did. The service is really great. The waiters -- yeah, they're pretty cute -- are friendly, attentive and accomodating. Two thumbs up for Pasta Brioni!
5	If you crave fresh creative home-made authentic delicious Italian food, don't miss this one!  Fantastic calamari, veal caprese, and a Rigotoni dish with mushrooms and snow peas!  Even the rolls were outstanding--with olive oil, pepper, and Parmesan dip of course.We're goin' back and soon!
2	I was craving pasta with something ... something I can't make at home. Some kind of... I don't know. Comfort food with flair, if you will.  We were seated at a table in the bar area right away. Good service. Those rolls that everyone is loving were not warm, and didn't have much flavor. Neither did the olive oil - that was a little bit thin, too. Entree: My escort asked the server if they carry lasagna, which they do, but don't include on the menu "along with a few other things because there's no room for it on the menu." ? I thought this was weird, as it's half a menu: one board with a wine list on one side and food on the other. It doesn't fold like a food menu, it's just the one piece, like a wine list. Maybe I wouldn't have ordered the rigatoni bolognese from the specials board had I had more choices and I wasn't about to make the server stand there and recite all the things they could make for me. Then again, had I done that, I might have found something to eat with a little more ... kick, if you will. I mean, my food was not bad. It was fine. But that's just it - it didn't blow me away. I could have made that and saved (my hot date) a few bucks. I had a glass of pinot from CA that was good. And the entertainment (drunk middle-aged women with an unhealthy obsession with Matt Lauer) was okay. It wasn't the worst meal I ever had, but I won't be returning because it was really no big deal. Oh, my date had that lasagna and I didn't try it, but was told "Fine." when asked how it was, and he was actually talking about the food (and not some I'm-mad-at-you-but-not-telling-you boyspeak). It looked like it had cheese on top. No shit, it's lasagna. Not a good descriptor, I know.
5	4 words -cold chicken pasta salad!  i LOVE this place.  i try to make a trip here at least every other week on my lunch breaks.  I usually go to the "to go" side of the restaurant just because i'm grabbing a quick lunch during work.  i have always had fantastic, fast, friendly service.  i strongly recommend you going here for a lunch or even a romantic evening out.  Always a winner!
4	ive been working across the place for almost a year now and finally got a chance to sit down and have dinner. one of our customers once ordered us a bunch of pizza from here and i managed to grab a slice before it all ran out, and it remember it being fairly decent.its very dark inside here, which sets a romantic mood. the decor is nice and everything looked well put together. the rolls were good and served with olive oil and parm. ice cold water, and our server was fast to greet us and get us started with a beer and a glass of wine. he showed us the specials for the day on the board, and we went with this chicken dish (forgot the name) to split (which he didnt end up charging us the $3 split plate fee for).the dish arrived in a timely fashion with a side of penne pasta. it was 2 generous-sized chicken breasts stuffed with 3 different kinds of melted cheese served over this absolutely delicious sauce and spinach. i guess it could be similar to the french chicken cordon bleu and it absolutely blew coup des tarte's one (priced at $30, and only 1 breast) out of the water. if you love chicken, pasta, and cheese, you must try this. i just  wish i could remember what it was called.we had a pricing problem which was easily adjusted by our server with no hassle.all the servers in there are cute italian boys. the old woman seated at the table next to us drank way to much wine and was haphazardly flirting with our server. can't wait to try more of their pasta, i will definitely be back!
3	I only mention this because of all the women reviewers commenting on "the hot waiters".  I remember a very friendly and attractive female bartender- This is Scottsdale, home of the beautiful people.  Anyway, I like this place- Not real pricey or pretentious (rare in this town).  Good basic food and drinks- great service, esp at the bar!!  Suggest Linguini and clams or calamari.
2	Meh truly is the best rating for my experience at Pasta Brioni. I ended up there on the last day of Yelp Eats with a group of friends in a craving for Italian. From what I saw on their menu, I was very excited to see what was i store for me and had heard pretty decent things. I walked out not that excited. The ambiance inside is very nice, though a bit on the dark side. The decor inside told a completely different story than what I was thinking when I saw the entrance. It is very posh inside and I did like the comfy booths.We arrived early enough to get the early bird special, which appeared to be a better deal than the yelp eats one. I wonder if this was truly our best choice. For me when it comes to pasta, I am a bit picky. This mainly comes from the fact that I don't like really heavy sauces and I really do not like tomatoes. It has to be a good Italian place and not your run of the mill to get me excited.My first course was a Caesar salad. Wait take that back. That was supposed to be my first course. I believe I really got romaine lettuce, croutons and dressing of the day. It definitely was *not* Caesar. This left me sad. The bread with it though was pretty damn good although I suggest bigger bottles of balsamic. We ran out fast! My main course was chicken marsala and a side of penne. The penne came with a paste (note I did not say sauce) and seemed a little dry and bland. The chicken marsala was actually decent but pretty run of the mill and nothing spectacular. Dessert involved two mini cannolis. Like the pasta, they seemed a little dry and lacking, but were flavorful. Overall my meal was really just okay. The service was also nothing outstanding either, including someone having to ask for water on several occasions.
1	Where do I begin on this crap fest?  I read some of the other reviews to this place and it's about the same poop, but a different day.My wife comes from a large Italian family.  We know our Italian.  This my friend is NOT Italian.  The decor was nice, but almost every Italian joint has nice decor.  The menu looked great.  We were so excited.My wife and I were STARVING when we got in.  We were happy we got seated right away.  They brought out fresh rolls right away and they were delicious.  It's the only reason this place is getting their 1 star.We got our appetizer of calamari and it was disgusting.  I took a bite and couldn't eat anymore.  My wife was so hungry, she ate it all.  She didn't care.  She thought it was gross too.  The breading was finely grated and seemed like it was cooked in very old oil.  It smelled and tasted like yesterday's oil.  It made me pretty sick.I got Salmon and my wife got breaded chicken.  My salmon was smelly (very fishy) and overcooked.  Like a hockey puck.  The sauce on the pasta was exactly the sauce that came with the calamari, though our server insisted it was different.  My wife's chicken was topped with melted butter.  I am not sure what the sauce was supposed to be, but it was breaded chicken with melted butter.Needless to say, we took one bite, sent it back and got our bill.  The interesting thing was our server was not suprised in the least bit.  We ordered what we ordered because our server suggested it.  He didn't ask why we were sending it back.  It was almost like this has already happened a few times so far this evening.  Overall, AVOID AT ALL COST.  The place is not cheap and you are not getting your money's worth.
3	I went here last night despite quite a few yelpers giving it a thumbs  down. But like most things.. you kinda just have to experience it yourself no matter what others say. Well the funny thing is I went to the cafe side which was completely empty and the menu was pretty sparse compared to the website, so right then I was disappointed and wished my date wasnt on his way to meet me there......UNTIL my date found me and brought me to the "other side" which was jam packed and full of energy.. not to mention offering an extensive menu. Yay and thank god! it turns out the other side is more of the "to go" side. Okay so the rolls came out and they werent awful but they weren't warm and doughy which is what i had expected from other reviews.. but that was okay. If they had been warm and doughy I would have eaten 10 so it was actually a better situation. We started with the caprese salad which they automatically split on 2 separate plates, which I thought was great initiative. I have to say that was probably the BEST Caprese I have ever had. Those tomatoes were unspeakably good! To follow I ordered the Antipasta salad it was perefect I had no complaints whatsoever. My date had a seafood pasta, I cant remember which one and he wasn't moaning over it but he definitely didn't complain. So I guess it all depends on what you order..maybe. But I was pleased enough to return sometime and try something else, no question.
4	Being from Europe I tend to be avoid "Italian" restaurants in the US that lay the fake Italian on you thick. This wasn't the case for Pasta Brioni. I've been avoiding going because I tend to trust Yelpers but I was honestly pleasantly surprised. I went for a friends birthday and there were three of us. I tend to stay away from "suggestions" or "specials" bu the waiter did a great job of going over them and not being pushy. To start with the negatives, I'd say that my restaurant experiences (French,Italian or otherwise at least in Europe) begin with a few rolls of bread in a basket at your table and some butter (or olive oil). They weren't far off providing one roll and your customary olive oil but with a twist in that the bottle had an opening for balsamic vinegar which made for a great blend. I had the spinach and ricotta dumplings and the waiter was kind enough to suggest having it served with the vodka cream sauce. A great choice. My two friends had the capellini primavera (which I helped finish and it was delicious) and the chicken picatta (which I did not taste but looked equally good). All that capped with a bottle of Chianit and it was a great start to our Saturday night.I'd probably recommend it for a date or with family  or a large group but definitely not for parents with young children as it wasn't necessarily the most casual place to dine.
5	I tried this place with my family and I must say I love this place. Its very cute and romantic. I love the rolls! they are served with Parmesan cheese and oil and vinegar. I loved the spaghetti and meatballs! omg to die for! will be back!
4	My family and I have been long time regular customers of Pasta Brioni, and we are definite fans, but...I come from a large New York-Italian family, so I am definitely picky about my Italian food, and generally speaking, PB makes the cut. I must say however, that since ownership changed (Think it was from father to son) the quality of food and service has definitely changed for the worse. Back when the old man was running the place, it would have received 5 stars from me, now it *only* gets 4 stars. As for the food, it is always hot, and always delicious. There are many specialty items that are not on the menu or specials board, so if you want something specific but don't see it, ask. There's a good chance they can make it for you. Portions are usually more than we can eat, and they make outstanding midnight snacks.As someone else said, the waiters are all "Italian Stallions", but that's part of the attraction for the ladies (They even have a calendar featuring the waiters). In my experience, the service is very good. Your glass is never empty and the food is served pretty quickly. You're checked on several times throughout the course of the meal to see if you need anything else. The part of the restaurant that still gets 5 stars in my opinion, is the take-out side. The pizza is authentic NYC Pizza (better than anywhere else in AZ), and the Eggplant Parmesan is the best I've ever had from a restaurant. Generous side salads come with every meal and are delicious.
2	Been here many times over........ Where are the beautiful waiters go? service is ok but I was told they all went to Un Baccio....food is still ok but service with beautiful waiters made this place awsome....:(
4	i don't know why i have no problem going into bars alone in non-english speaking developing countries and fucking shit up but in my own country i feel like a total twat doing it. some of my most memorable travel experiences started with me alone in a bar with a book- dancing on tables with randoms i met in ljublijana, clubbing with the croatian water polo team in dubrovnik, midnight motorcycle rides with cambodian teens in siem reap.so what the fuck is wrong with me that i had to talk myself into going to a bar alone in scottsdale?? yes, true, i am in a red state and on many levels that scares the shit out of me. i just don't know. yes, i brought my computer to do some work, and i sat at the bar, but i was consciously self-conscious. maybe this is a sign of aging. i don't like it.i do like pasta brioni. it is walking distance from the mother's house, and i think the happy hour aint bad. i had  a huge glass of wine, raviolis and a single yet potent meatball. the total? 10.80.  is it the best italian food i've had. not even close, but it's filling, not bad and as there are others eating solo at the bar, i felt less lame.given, the others at the bar were mostly above 65. it kinda made me feel happy that women live longer than men, so when im that age most of my friends' husbands may be dead (knocks on wood) so that at least i can go with my aged pussy posse years from now.
4	Awesome service...good traditional Italian cuisine....love Pasta Brioni!
4	We ended up here one night after grocery shopping, and craving Italian food (my partner is full blooded Italian -- Olive Garden just doesn't cut it).The prices? Quite a bit higher than we had expected, but we were hungry, so we ate.The eggplant rollatini was to die for.  My partner said it was almost as good as her grandmother's, and that is saying A LOT. We decided to split the pumpkin ravioli, and although the addition of fresh corn was a little odd, it was really delicious, and one plate was the perfect portion for two; better yet, they split it for us in the kitchen, making it easier.The servers were quick about our iced tea refills, and one of them chatted up my partner as they were both from New York.I'm giving 4 stars (instead of 5) for the price being a bit high, and the oddness of having sports play while eating $14 ravioli.
4	This is a cute little pasta joint.  Very New Yorky feel minus Don Corleone :)  I had their pasta pollo which was delicious!  Drinks...well they are what they are... I'm not a big fan of mixed drinks except maybe a Irish car bomb Ouch!  However, order a drink and sit at the bar.  Bartender Brianna was pretty cool and she'll make you smile.  Sitting area for dinner can get crowded but you get a more intimate feel.  If your date likes pasta...well you know where to go now - good luck!
4	My wife and I have been looking for a good Italian place in the area for some time. Another couple took us to dinner at Pasta Brioni. They've been going there for years and raved about the place..The bread served before the meal was very good and warm. Much to my liking.Before the main meal, we ordered a caesar salad. The salad was good, but nothing exceptional. The salad was by far the least favorite part of the meal. The pasta and pasta sauce was very good. I went with a very basic dish of rigatoni bolganese.  The dish was very good and had lots of food. After filling up on bread, salad and our meal, we couldn't go for dessert, but split one. We had the chocolate ice cream in a hard shell, with hazlenut with whipped cream. The dessert was really good. I couldn't have eaten the dish by myself, but splitting it was a perfect way to end the meal with something on the sweet side.Nice atmosphere in the dining room and bar area. The decor provided a nice ambiance to the evening. Service was very good! The waiter was very attentive to our needs and water was refilled in a prompt manner.I plan on heading back there in the near future and trying other dishes..
4	If I was a local and powerful don and I needed somewhere from which to run my crime syndicate,  this would be my home base.  Either here or Christos in Phoenix.  It has that formal Chicago/New York Italian feel to it...and I like it a lot.Ambiance aside, the food is the real attraction.  Everything I've eaten there is of the finest quality, resembling the perfect blend of taste and presentation.
4	Delicious Chicken Parm...we mostly get it for take out.  The piece of chicken is huge, moist and amazing.  It comes with a big side of pasta, an amazing cesaer salad and bread.  They deliver as well..so if you don't even want to get up off the couch...this is one excellent call.If you want to eat in...if you a girl...go in looking great because all of the waiters are really good looking with very in shape bodies...it is eye candy for you and tummy filling great too!
4	There's more to Pasta Brioni then the subjects who fill the calendar. Believe it or not, it's actually pretty decent Italian food! Driving past Pasta Brioni, the common eye would never peg this spot as a good Italian food restaurant. It's nestled in a random Old Town strip mall and I've never seen much (if any) advertising. But, regardless, it's an Old Town staple and one that any long-time resident knows about. When I walk into Pasta Brioni I immediately get the sense of old Italy -- at least, if I could guess what old Italy felt like. To the right, there's a dark and divey bar area where you can eat or have some drinks, and to the left there's the dining room with low and comfortable booths and seating. With the Italian staff serving you, it is a taste of Italy at its finest. When you sit down, they bring you basic bread and you can choose between a selection of Italian dishes to start with. The calamari is great as is the Caesar Salad. For an entree, I love the chicken Parmesan. Pasta Brioni is a good time out with friends and they also offer takeout. I've been there with my family and with friends and both times it's fun in a different way. So next time you're wondering where to go for an Italian food fix, I suggest thinking about Pasta Brioni as an option. Don't let the exterior fool you - it's totally different inside.
3	I'll start with the Pros.  My meal was very good I couldn't stop eating it.  Laid back atmosphere.  Server was friendly and put together a meal for my friend that wasn't on the menu.The cons were the portion sizes were massive.  I know in the Italian culture pasta is served in big portions, but I took half of the dish home, and pasta the next day is just not the same.  Since the prices are high and you get what you pay for, I'd rather have a smaller portion with a lower price.  I ordered what I believed to be a side ceaser salad.  That was also huge, seemed like a whole head of lettuce.  It was very tasty, maybe a bit to much dressing that caused it to be not crispy.  It was also disappointing the server didn't offer to crack pepper on the salad and pasta, and offer grated cheese on the pasta.  To be honest, I would have been happy with the bread and salad and I would have been full for 6.50.  Yes, the side salad was 6.50, that was a bit ridiculous.  I had a glass of wine which was wonderful and priced very well.  So I think lowering the prices and the amount of food they give you can set this place over the top.
4	Still Excellent!  Mussels were super.  Linguini with clams and 4 cheese rigatoni delicious.  Needs better selection of craft beers.
3	I've eaten their food at least a dozen times, but have always gotten it To-Go.  Having tried several dishes, I can honestly say the food is decent.  It's not the best I've ever had, but also not the worst.  The sauce is always bland, no matter which dish I order.  I always need to spice it up, once I bring it home.Pricing is okay.  Usually spending around $35 for 2 dishes (my wife and I).  I've never utilized their delivery service, but overheard employees telling customers that they commonly run an hour and a half for delivery.
4	I like Brioni's.  The Happy Hour specials are a steal.  The ambiance is usually very good.  I like the old school formal wooden decor.  The food is anywhere from good to outstanding depending on the item.  In general, they follow the Italian tradition of choosing the best ingredients, instead of gimmicky crap.I really like the mussels with the marachiara sauce.  That (clear tomato with garlic) sauce is worth a trip.  The calamari salad is also a wonderful and healthy choice.  Split that with a friend at happy hour followed by a pasta dish and you're eating like a king for nothin'.  I've had 4 or 5 pasta dishes that were all great.  Today, I had the chicken sorrentino which was very good.However, I did have one bad experience that I'd like to share for the purpose of entertaining Yelpers and perhaps fixing the issue at a restaurant I enjoy eating at.If you're about to eat, you might want to stop reading.  - I ordered my food.  It was a later in the lunch hour and pretty empty.- I went to the bathroom.- After going, I saw there was NO toilet paper.  This is pretty bad for an upscale restaurant, but whatever.  Call it an oversight.- So, I called the restaurant from my cell phone and explained that I was in the bathroom in need of toilet paper.- No one ever came.  I gave up because I was in a hurry during the work day.- After eating, I checked the bathroom again.  Still, no toilet paper.I know this is a weird situation and I've eaten here about six times with no similar issues.  I was too bashful to bring it up again in person and there was no feedback link on their web site.  So, I'm hoping someone will read this review at the restaurant and fix the issue so that it does not happen again.
4	There's just something about Sunday night and pasta. It goes together like... tomatoes and mozzarella? Last night, I made my way to this neighborhood pasta shop for a family dinner. My meal was spectacular. I ordered the Linguini with seafood and I'm pretty sure the entire ocean was on my plate...in a good way. They brought out the plate of Linguini with all the seafood toppings including squid, shrimp, oysters, clams and probably some fish I couldn't even name for you. At any rate, it was delish! The pasta sauce complimented the fish perfectly and I found myself eating much more of it than I should have. So speaking of seafood, Pasta Brioni accidentally must have merged with a sushi joint last night and they accidentally brought my Mom her halibut more on the "still swimming" side of the plate rather than cooked. When we brought it to the server's attention he was mortified and I will say this... Because of how apologetic the server was, how they handled the situation and how accommodating they were with their mistake, I don't see a reason to have the experience alter my impression of Pasta Brioni. They brought my Mom out a new meal in record time and we were well on our way, after delicious Tiramisu and some chocolate mousse plate of goodness of course!In summary, sometimes it's entirely about how a restaurant handles unfortunate situations. It seemed like the kitchen just had a "whoops" moment and that happens to the best of us, so for that I give them a get out of jail free card. Other restaurants should follow their customer service lead! Plus, I think I might have been in my own food coma of happiness from my own meal. Is it bad that I couldn't wait for my Mom to get her replacement meal and instead scarfed down my personal ocean on a plate? I did give her a little taste as she waited for her own.
4	Some friends recommended Pasta Brioni, and then we got a coupon, so we decided why not. 2 large pizzas for $16.99, we added 2 toppings, delivered hot in less than 30 minutes. To our surprise the pizza was amazing! Total with delivery $21.69, great deal, very good pizza! Yes, we recommend and we'll be getting delivery again!
5	Food and portions were excellent.  Staff was very friendly.  We ate at the cafe side of the restaurant. They put together a few different dishes along with a salad that satisfied all our cravings.  The chicken with eggplant and promiscuitto (sp) in a wine sauce was awesome. We would eat there again the next time we're in Phx.
3	Nice ambiance and pleasant service, but prices are too high for the food quality. We had starters of toasted raviolis and caprese salad, both of which were fine but nothing special. I had linguine with white clam sauce. The pasta was quite undercooked, and the sauce was too salty. There was no fresh grated parmigiano or romano cheese - just the little shaker jar on the table (which was empty.) My husband had chicken marsala which he really liked, but the side dish of ziti pasta in a separate bowl didn't seem to go with the dish. With one glass of wine our check was $80.  Not too bad, but it felt as though the food should have been a little better for the price.
1	Where to start, let's just saw Awful!!!!!  Service was ok, waiter was pleasant.  Ordered the angel hair with chicken, it showed up almost 10 minutes after every one else was served, and when it did, the pasta was almost RAW... How do you screw up angel pasta, well they did.  Another in our party had the eggplant parm.  They should call it no eggplant pram...barely any eggplant...overall, ever rated, over priced, and just not very good....
3	Service was just ok, food was good but a little too pricey.  They were really slow to get us food and check.  Would not go back.
3	I really wanted this place to be good, especially after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp. But sadly, it was just mediocre. I was expecting good crusty italian bread for starters. What I got was a hand delivered small roll, neither crusty or warm. My wife commented how it was mealy. It was.My Pasta E Fagioli had a slight vinegar taste and not balsamic vinegar, white vinegar. Yuk.My wife ordered chicken parm with a side of meatballs. The meatballs were just ok. The chicken parm had a good flavor but the presentation looked bad. Sparsely melted cheese that looked like it had just barely melted in a microwave and not the lightly browned cheese evidencing time spent in a hot oven. I had the four cheese rigitoni which was actually pretty good. After the bread, the soup, and the yukky looking chicken parm, we chose not to spend any more $$ on desert. Service and ambiance was above average, but the food wasn't quite what we were hoping for, not for the money anyway. Our search goes on for good Italian in the Phoenix, Scottsdale area.Overall, not a bad place, but for the $$, I'll get a bottle of Rao's sauce, some meatballs from Guidos, and save the grief.
5	Went with a groupon - would never have though of going otherwise.  I am glad I did though. Food was spectacular.  I had penne pasta from the special menu, with some kind of vodka sauce, peas, ham, cheese - it sounds boring but it was awesome.  My partner had veal marsala - again awesome.  We will be back - it is pricey but worth it
3	Much better than you would expect from a strip mall restaurant.  I've been going there for a while and typically choose the bar over the more formal dining room.  Now I've learned about the Happy Hour and am sitting at the bar rather than the adjacent tables.  This will save you about 50%.  Once there, order whatever looks best to you.  Everything I've had there is good.
2	Second visit to Scottsdale -- second visit to Pasta Brioni.   First time was great.  This time -- "eh".   Ordered the mussels in a tomato broth (this was very good).   Husband said his chicken parm was just okay; friend's spaghetti and meatballs same thing -- just okay.  My salmon was a bit on the fishy side and I was uber thirsty the entire night.   Actually had to get up out of bed for water during the night.   Seemed pricey for what we got ($40/per person) - with 1 drink each.   Probably won't go back.   Have since heard that ownership has changed and really -- it wasn't worth the drive from Surprise.   Sorry.
5	Took friends from Chicago to dine last night. Our waiter Michael just happened to be from the same neighborhood as my friends. Instant bonds were made. We had a great time, food was excellent and Michael was just perfect as our server. All the other waiters that stopped by our table for water bread etc were just as friendly. The place has a great family feel to it and without pressure to dine and leave. Will go back for sure!!!
3	Service was pretty good. Our waiter was really nice, but kept calling my mom sweetheart and we thought that was a little weird. It was super hot in there, to the point I felt sick. Kind of hurried to get out of there, because of this. They started with water, then brought one roll on a plate to each of us, then our drinks and meal. I ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs and iced tea and my mom ordered originally the Chx Marsala, but he recommended the Chx Eggplant meal (forgot name) so she got that. Food was pretty good. Nothing too amazing. Bill was $40 almost for two of us. Just expected more for the price of it. Will I go back? Eh? Maybe....
5	Loved it. service was great, food was great . Medium pricey but for the food you can't complain.
3	I would give 4 stars because the food was pretty fantastic but...read on. Great place to sit at the bar for late night happy hour!  Bartender was super friendly and service was good. We ordered a ton of food and had quite a bit in front of us. A closed bottle of olive oil fell over the front of the bar.  A greasy rude dude that worked there picked it up and made some comment about how EXPENSIVE it was and how that was the last bottle until the delivery tomo. Really!!! An italian restaurant and I potentially spilled the last bottle of Olive oil in the entire place and may have put them line down for the night....Keep up the customer service buddy!
3	I had never heard of this place but went here for a rehearsal dinner. I was pleasantly surprised. We sat on the back patio which was great and our waiter was fantastic. The antipasto was delicious, as was the bread and oil for dipping. I wasn't able to order my own food since there was such a large group which was unfortunate, but they served a wide variety of pizza, and it was all pretty tasty. I would definitely eat here again.
1	horible sauce.......doubtful if fresh tomatoes used or even canned marzanos  the sauce was a tomato paste and water  and reminded me of what poor immigants ate when they arrived off the boat at ellis island..  decor predictable and keeps in line with other bronx-like establishments..oversized portions but who cares  food is terrible  would not return to casa brioni (marinara manor)
4	This is a good local spot for Italian. The food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good. Delivery options make it convenient to order on late work nights. Oh, and check the staff calendar if you get a chance!
5	The shrimp vodka pasta is thee best ever, you can order half orders for dinner as well!
4	I really like this little place.  :)The food is very good, and I've never had a bad meal here.  Salads, calamari, red sauce, pastas, bread, olive oil...all very, very good.  Dessert was kinda meh (though I ate it anyway - it's rude to wrap with Italians), but they have a decent wine list, so eat up, and skip dessert.98% of the all-male staff are exceptionally hot, btw (there might have been women working there, but I didn't notice in the sea of tall, dark and handsome and dressed in black).  Playing for both teams, and perhaps even bridging some gaps, there is plenty of eye candy and flirt-worthy boys for everyone.  I was tempted to write my number on a few bev naps and pass them around to anyone who eye fucked me longer than 10 seconds.  I'd recommend not taking a date you're pretty into just for this reason (lesson learned - lol).
4	Freaking Outstanding.  Great food. Fair pricing.  Super atmosphere for old school Italian.
5	I order take out pizza (like every other weekend) it's absolutely delicious!
1	Unfortunately, the food was less then mediocre at best.  We both ordered their cheese ravioli and after the first bite we both determined that it had been cooked in the same water that had had some type of seadfood cooked in it.  The taste of shellfish was very evident.  Also, their bruschetta was not good at all. I would not recommend the restaurant.
3	It's been years since I've eaten at Pasta Brioni. The food was as good as I remember and a good bang for the buck. The service however was a little off the mark. We were seated in the back which may have caused delays in our server getting to and checking up on us but that is no excuse, we are in your restaurant and should be treated as well as customers in the front room.
5	Love this place! They always remember us and the food is real awesome Italian food!
2	The food was excellent! HOWEVER...the Service was nonexistant! We arrived at 6:40PM 1/19/2013, we were told they didn't have our reservation for 6. They were able to seat us within 5 minutes on the heated patio. We were handed menus and then the Waiter dissappeared. Later on another waiter came and introduced himself as Mike and he would be taking good care of us. He took our drink order and we never saw him again. Later on the original Waiter came and said he'd help us out. He brought us our drinks and asked if we wanted bread. They gave us all a warm roll and dissappeared again. We had no butter or dipping oil for the bread. One os our friends got up and fetched oild and vinegar from the waiter station. Later on the original waiter came back to take our order. When I said that I believe we were abandoned, he said that they were busier than usual and that I hurt his feelings. He took another drink  order but didn't return with them. Another 3rd waiter came back with our drinks about 20 minutes later. Our food was great but then it took another 30 minutes to get our bill. It took them 2 hours and 20 minutes to serve us from start to finish. The whole time, I watched to see how busy they really were and the poor service was due to disorganization. Not one women works there and I think that's a big part of their problem. Women would have been organized and efficient. These guys were all nice but not very on the ball and generally overwhelmed. I don't think it had to do with being busy (there were empty tables the whole time), just laziness and/or an inability to be organized and efficient. We won't go back again.
2	I really wanted to like this joint, I havent enjoyed pasta for a few months and was really looking forward to consuming food here. Let me tell you, for as long as it was to actually receive and consume the food.... it was worth it. The food was phenomenal, that was about it. Unfortunately it was incredibly busy due to the marathon, as well as the auctions. Meal tickets were getting lost, it was mass MASS chaos. Our waiter seemed aloof, and then after a while he started getting it together. One thing I really didn't appreciate was the fact that when we got there they sat us by the door to the outside patio (which at the time was closed). After a while someone propped the door open and it was extremely cold. I asked the host (some guy with little man syndrome) if they could close the door, he annoyingly said "Nope, can't do it we have people outside." Before I could even respond, he took his little elf self and ran away. We also had our son along, this place is not so good for kids.
5	We had my sons engagement celebration here.  They were top notch that night.  Gave us a free shot and appetizer.  The Champagne they recommended was delicious and the service amazing as always!!
1	I hadn't been here in about 6 months. Since then they got a new manager.  The restaurant was dirty, the service was horrible and the food quality was significantly lower than my last visit. I won't be back until there is another change of management.
5	I have always loved the food especially the meatballs and pizza but until today I have been reluctant to go more often because the bread is so important to me and theirs had been heavy and too dry for me. Today it was totally different and delicious!!!
1	We were visiting the Phoenix area from Indianapolis wanted to find a great Italian restaurant for my Mother in law's birthday.  We chose Pasta Brioni  based on the Yelp reviews.  I have to say that our party of six had one of the worst dinning experiences of our lives.  The location is incredibly difficult to find but after driving around it for 20 minutes we found it.  We had made a reservation and were seated immediately, which I thought was great considering they were pretty full.   This is where the service stopped.We were sat without menus for 10 minutes.  Once we had menus we waited another 10 minutes for the waiter to return and give us their specials.  Each time the waiter came to our table he would say a few words and then immediately turn and quickly leave, not asking if we had any questions or God forbid if we would like a drink.  A member of our party asked the man helping and serving bread and water about a menu item.  He refused to answer only stating that he would get the waiter.  After reading the menu for 15 minutes our waiter returned to take our order.  He took our food order and turned and left.  I had to snap my fingers to get his attention when he was about 10 feet away from our table to get him to come back and finally take our drink order.  Once we had our drinks we toasted to the birthday girl during which I spilled my drink.  I quickly got up and located my waiter notified him of what had happened.  He looked like a deer in headlights and asked me what we should do.  I asked for something to clean it with and was handed a few extra napkins.  Back at the table, drink cleaned up and waiting again this time 30 minutes for our dinner.The manager? or host?  apologized and stated our meals would be out shortly.Once the meals arrived the food was good, not the best Italian I have ever had but by no means the worst either.  Definitely not worth the time that it took to receive it.My rating is based solely on the terrible service we received and that we had to try and chase down our waiter to get anything done.
2	UNREMARKABLE is the best rating I can offer. while it has been a few years since I last visited, I had been anticipating a some what better of a dinning experience. It seems no one there knows how to smile or make a guest feel welcome. I had made on line reservations 5 days prior to our visit on 4/27. we arrived a few minutes before our 7 PM reservation by a very disinterested host/manager who offered no greeting other than "please follow me". At this time he proceeded to lead us to the outside patio, it was in the mid 90's that day and I had no desire to sit outside. When  I advised him that I would prefer to sit in one of the two open tables in the main dinning room his only comment other than let me check was that there was no preference on my reservation to which I replied that most restaurants ASK if we would like outside dinning.I followed him back to the host stand where after a moment he said OK take the table in the dinning room,  he made no effort to escort us there and an attitude was clearly shown. It took  a waiter a good 5 minutes to greet us at the table and apologize for being behind and that he would return shortly. From here on the service was painfully slow and other than at the end the server finally said he was sorry that the kitchen was backed up. Mr. Personality that originally sat us was positioned but a few feet from our table the entire meal never did stop by and say hello or say that he was sorry for any seating issues that we incurred.By the way, the food was just OK, not worth the 25 minute trip when I have Maggiano's, Carrabba's and Nicks all within two miles of my home. NO one at Pasta Brioni's even tried to make me feel like I was a valued guest. I prefer to spend my $$$$ where my presence is appreciated.JC
1	Most ridiculous happy hour ever! This restaurant has a bar side & a dining room side.  There are stools at the bar & some booths on bar side.  We arrived for happy hour & all stools were taken so we sat in a booth in the bar. Waiter told us that the happy hour prices were only good AT the bar.  We said But we are IN the bar!  He said sorry.  33% HIGHER price for drinks AND food  3 feet from the bar.  IDIOTIC!  We went to Roaring Fork, nicer place, pub tables, lower prices for drinks & food at their happy hour.  They lost us as customers & we live in the neighborhood!
2	I don't know what happened, but after a hiatus of several months, we ordered takeout from Pasta Brioni and were very disappointed. We had two orders of eggplant parmesan, and a small pizza. In the past, the Eggplant Parm dinners came with a generous side of spaghetti, and a great side salad (best Ranch dressing around!). This time however, the eggplant parm had no spaghetti, and the "side salad" was just a boring handful of limp lettuce with oil (even though we'd asked for Ranch). To add insult to injury, the prices were higher for less (and worse) food. Perhaps they're trying to find ways to cut costs to pay for Obamacare or something, but whatever the reason, we were disappointed in our last experience. We'll be back again, but only because we've experienced much, much better from this restaurant and want to give them the benefit of the doubt. Come on PB, you can do MUCH better!
4	This is by far one of the most consistently best restaurants.  We go there almost weekly and are always impressed by the chef's skill producing great food and the fabulous staff of Evan, Jimmy, Garrett, Tito and Alberto.  We have out of town guests virtually every month and always have a night out at Pasta Brioni's.  Everyone loves the impeccable food and service.  They have nightly specials and they are always delicious.  Don't miss the antipasto and calamari.  Veal and chicken dishes are excellent and certainly don't miss the Vodka Penne Pasta, best ever!  Also the tiramisu is not to be missed.On two sour notes: They have a new manager that might as well not show up.  In all the times we have been there, we have watched while the staff runs a very busy restaurant with not a bit of help from the manager.  He has been unable to accomplish even the minimum of service, i.e. seat any guests, know his regular customers, visit the tables or assist the staff.  Secondly, the women's bathroom needs a serious overhaul, dark although seems clean, smells as though there is a sewer problem.Still, with the butcher job on the manager and bathroom......absolutely love the staff, the chef's, and the food!
4	Awesomesauce. No seriously, they have awesome sauce. The food is amazing.  I didn't give a 5 star review cause the Calamari was meh and as an Italian restaurant I expect good calamari.  Other than that, the service was top notch, the food was amazing and in large portions and overall great, old school mom and pop Italian restaurant. I got the 4 cheese Rigatoni with grilled chicken and the bf got The Chicken Parm and it was superb. Pasta done al dente just right and the grated Parm at the table, you know its authentic Italian. Good stuff all around and priced right.
5	Went here a few weeks ago for a " girls night " dinner before heading out and it was AMAZING. I am Italian, and pretty much a Italian food snob and this place felt like I was eating Sunday Dinner at my grandma's house. We signed up for their e-mails online and scored buy 1 get 1 free vouchers. We ( group of 5 ) ordered a few entrees and shared: Antipasto salad, chicken martini, spinach and ricotta dumplings ( AMAZING  - and I am not a big ricotta cheese fan, but these were superb ) the bread was great - the service was friendly and very good. Not sure whats up with some of these negative reviews - but it's a excellent italian spot and I will continue to return.
4	For AZ this is one of the best Italian restaurants. The food is good. I love the chicken and creamy red sauce and rigatoni dish the best. The pizza is also very good. They ambiance is fine. The prices are reasonable. Also a good central location with plenty of parking
4	Like being back home. This is a keeper for anyone from Chicago, so if you're homesick, this is the joint.
5	this is a my personal favorite place to eat. the portions are large enough to share, the prices are decent, and their deserts the best. it features a full bar wonderful atmosphere, and friendly staff.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! My dad and I go here all the time! My dad loves the pizza, I am gluten free and love the chicken caesar. They staff is so friendly and know us by name. They have a casual side, formal side and a deli/ togo area. So really whatever mood you are in you will fit in! : )
4	The food here rocks, the service is marginal. However, were in Az & delicious Italian is so hard to come by that I overlook the short falls. Love there vodka sauce & white pie.
5	We had dinner at Pasta Brioni the other night with my wife and some friends.  The atmosphere is quiet and inviting.  Max, our server, was very attentive and informative.  I normally eat chicken parmesan at italian restaurants but decided to expand my horizons and ordered the osso buco...what a pleasant surprise...very tender and tasty.  My wife and her friend had the home-made mushroom ravioli and said they were excellent.  We shared  bottle of wine and polished off the evening with home-made cheescake, which was to die for!I highly recommend Pasta Brioni for an evening out with friends or a date.
4	Great place for authentic Italian food.  Their Veal Parm is amazing.  Definitely worth checking out.
5	Back at Pasta Brioni for another incredible meal.  The new owner has made a lot of improvements, had a prime ribeye which melted in my mouth. We were running errands in Scottsdale and showed up without a reservation...MISTAKE!  The restaurant was packed and we were lucky to get a table...next time I'll call first.
3	My gfs and I went for happy hour.  You have to sit at the bar to get the discount pricing.   They pour large bottles of wine and pizza was tasty.. Looking forward to trying their pastas next!
5	THE BRIONI BOYS ARE BACK!!! And they are serving the best authentic Italian food in the hood. Wine selection is phenomenal. Even the bread is much better now.The patio now has a real comfy feeling. I, always sit at the bar, and personally have tried every item on the happy hour menu. My favorite is still spaghetti and meatballs or the 4 cheese rigatoni  But you must come on Thursday night to listen to great jazz and watch one of the BOYS pour your favorite wine.
2	A few friends and I had a reservation at 7:30 last Saturday at Pasta Brioni. The restaurant was busy - it seems like a popular spot for snowbirds.  Even though we had a reservation, we weren't sat at a table until 7:45. At this point, we realized how disorganized the staff was - we had random mis-matched silverwear (at a table with four of us, it took them 10 minutes and 3 tries to get an almost complete set of silverwear - meaning a fork, a knife, a spoon and a side plate - for everyone at the table.) We also didn't get a menu for almost 15 minutes. Definitely some issues with the service. Although we sat at 7:45, our server didn't take our order until 8:15. It took almost 20 minutes for our appetizer salads to arrive, around 8:35. After we finished our salads, it was another 30 minutes before we had our main courses - they didn't arrive until after 9:10. At this point we were starving, the server tried to make light of the situation - apologizing for the delay and joking that he bet we had time to work up an appetite. The food was very mediocre - not terrible, but nothing special. In my opinion, definitely not worth the hour wait. They also didn't get all of our orders right - my friend had ordered a pasta dish with chicken, only to have it come out without chicken. Another friend was very disappointed with her meal and barely touched it, she didn't complain but I was surprised they didn't offer to bring her something else or take it off the bill. We were all laughing about what a disappointing 2-hour experience it was from start to finish - we won't be back!
4	Took the girlfriend on Valentine's Day after making a reservation on Open Table. When we arrived they set a table and showed us to our table outside. It was a great night so it was comfortable, but the overhead lights being so bright it took away from the ambiance.They had specials for the night and their normal menu. One entree was sold out, rigatoni with bolognese which is probably what I would have ordered so I go spaghetti with meatballs. I am not by any means a pasta connoisseur, but this was the best spaghetti and meatballs I have ever had. Perfectly cooked, very tasty and well seasoned sauce and awesome meatballs.Someone came by and offered rolls, they were tasty however dry without anything else. Girlfriend's was a bit burnt. Prices overall are little higher than I would expect.We'll be back, I look forward to trying the chicken parm.
5	Not usually on yelp much! But I figured I would get on and review Pasta Brionis. Last week I called in a pick up order to grab on my way home from work. Called in an order for the to-go side. Spoke with a lady on thePhone and didn't catch her name. The customer service was outstanding! Just even in the phone. I ordered the eggplant dinner. Was a little hesitant because I've never tried eggplant. The way she explained was the way it tasted! Amazing! Ordered spaghetti and meatballs for the kids. Tasted it and the meatballs were fresh and moist just how I like! Thursday evening my husband and I went on our "monthly" date night! He was out of town when I ordered Togo so was unable to try the food! So we go and a young gentleman greeted us and sat us at a booth. The server took our drink order, the house wine delicious! I'm not a huge drinker, but wow! We ordered the Veal Parmesan and the Dumplings. (Shared) I got the Rigatoni con pollo on Chefs menu. All were soo good! Had left overs for two days. I highly recommend dining here. The staff makes the experience even better! Go Pasta Brionis! Will be back!
3	Used it for take-out on a recent trip to Scottsdale. I would say it is stereotypical red sauce and pasta food - nothing special.  The eggplant was overcooked and dry.
3	Food is good, but service is lacking. I had called in advance to inform that I would be bringing in my mother for her 80th birthday. The person I spoke with mentioned that they would have a special table ready for her and a cake. When we arrived, we were instructed to pick our own table; no special preparations.  Had to ask multiple times for the parmesan cheese which, when finally brought out, was in a grinder that kept breaking on the waiter. At the completion of the meal that waiter asked, "done yet"? How about, "ma'm are you finished yet"?The olive oil was rancid. For the price of lunch ($74 for two), will not be back.
3	Pasta, pasta, pasta... Yes, please! I love their spaghetti and meatballs. Go there during happy hour and you will not be disappointed. It was a little warm in the bar area.
5	LOVE this place.  The food is outrageously good, the portions are generous, and the waiters are polite, helpful and classy.  The eggplant parmesan is incredible, but it's hard to make it past the daily specials, they always sound so delicious!  I've been 3 times for special occasions but I've only ordered off the menu once.  A bit spendy, but worth it for a special night :)
2	This was our first visit to Pasta Brioni based on high marks from several friends. The atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing. Our shrimprisotto was more like shrimp and wild rice and the linguini pesto chicken needed salt to bring out the flavor and I never salt my food. Disappointing food in both our meals. Maybe other dishes are better but it will be a long time before we go again to find out. Save your money, there are several better choices within walking distance.
4	My husband and I took some family friends who were in town from Minnesota to Pasta Brioni for dinner. It was our first time dining here and we picked it mostly for the location and reviews. The food was delicious and portions were great. I am giving this a four star rather than five only because towards the end of our dinner I was parched and looking for our waiter for water refills, and the menu is a little on the expensive side.
5	This is the spot for a bachelorette party dinner! We had a group of 14 & were treated like the queens that we are. I hadn't been to Pasta Brioni in quite some time, but when we were organizing a bachelorette party one of us suggested this place for dinner because of the hot waiters (yeah, I'm just gonna be shallow, and not play coy about that) & its proximity to Old Town. I think they actually offer set menu deals for large parties, but with a group of girls (who may or may not by picky eaters) we didn't take advantage of this. I don't think any of the set menus include alcohol. I had the mushroom risotto & it was fantastic! It was creamy, but not too creamy, and they're was just the right amount of vegetables to risotto. I didn't care that I was amongst all girls, I happily ate the whole thing. Service was fantastic as well! I believe our waiter's name was John (I can't believe I can't 100% remember his name) & he definitely played up the fact this was a bachelorette party group. That being said, all of our orders were correct (except for one minor drink order) and everyone was very happy with the food and service. I should also point out the bachelorette got a special dessert at the end of the night ;)I would definitely come back to Pasta Brioni for any type of meal, but I would especially keep them in mind again for a large dinner party.
5	Outstanding service! I simply do not understand why this place isn't packed all the time. The food is delicious and the service is superb! We eat out often and good Italian food is hard to find in Scottsdale but this is certainly the best.
1	Was looking for a place to eat tonight, I like to call first to see if there are coupons or specials going on, I believe it was Charlie who answered the phone, I asked if they had any coupon specials going which I remembered from the past, Charlie quickly answered not for nine months and hopefully never again, he didn't even bother to say why or ask if I wanted to make a reservation, so I am picking another place to go for the night, sorry Brioni's you lost my business, sounds like your getting to big for your britches, customer service over the phone was horrible.
5	Great Happy Hour and the food is always amazing. Home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes. Highly recommend
5	One word...DELICIOUS!!When we walked in we were greeted by what I'm not sure was the owner, chef or both. But he had is white jacket on and was pretty involved with all of the tables pretty much the whole time. We ordered a veal bolognese and the chicken Parmesan. Both were absolutely delicious and the portion sizes were huge!Our server was extremely friendly and made some great suggestions for dinner! It's super casual but you could still wear something nice if you were feeling it. I will definitely return here. And next time I may share a dish so I can have some tiramisu.  A must try!!
5	Mama Mia...what a hero. Discovered this place while shopping at Sprouts. It is visible, but kind of tucked away. The cafe entrance is around the back and they offer takeout and all the usual Italian items. My choice was one of the better chicken parmesan hero's (or grinders (which is a Connecticut thing) as they call it here). This was a sandwich loaded with cutlets, a tasty sauce and just enough melted cheese. The bread wasn't a sesame seed roll, but was more fancy, but I do not know the bread name. It was $8.25 and came with a side of pretty good pasta salad, that was a bit garlicky. Next time, they need to separate the cold pasta from the hot hero because the salad ended up hot as I returned to the crib. Overall, this was probably the best chicken parm I have had in the valley.
3	I've been here several times over the years.  It seems like it's losing its mojo a little.  The decor is a bit shabby and in need of a refresh.  On a Saturday night it was pretty dead.We sat at the bar and our bartender was very nice.  Her tattoos were great!  The  beer selection was kinda weak.  Memo to Brioni:  there's a craft beer revolution going on and Sam Adams and Blue Moon don't cut it any more.The bread is very good and the linguine pescatore is always a winner.I had an OK experience here but just not as good as I've remembered from past visits over the last 15 years.
5	We arrived in Scottsdale after a long drive from Santa Fe. We were hungry!  Sadly we forgot about the time change and showed up for dinner early!  It was not a problem, despite the fact the chef was doing prep (loudly) in the kitchen we were welcomed and given a table.  I know they weren't ready for prime time but they didn't bat an eye. We ordered and food arrived.The food was delicious. I had the salmon on a bed of spinach with capers and risotto. It was garlicky delicious!  Hubby had the same thing he always orders, Chicken Parmesan. It disappeared.We were full but the waiter suggested some "home made dessert."  We chuckled and asked who's home? He said the Chefs wife does the desserts, then named off the offerings. We had to have (shared mine you) the cheesecake. It was a perfect finish to our meal.Thank you all for making our first meal in Scottsdale a memorable one!Now if someone would just turn down the furnace....Phoenix in July? Oh my!
1	Not a good night for the staff at this restaurant. We had a rude tough guy waiter doing whatever he wanted on this Saturday night at 9pm except serving the customers. His actions and his inactions led us to bail out of the empty dining room and the place had another hour left to be open. The only other two customers in the place were two clearly drunk middle age females, who were loud and intoxicated beyond belief. Well, his first move should have been to tell those two ladies to tone it down because they were not not eating in their own house. Instead he (big tall young guy) decided to hit on them and we heard him trying to arrange plans to meet them after dinner. Meanwhile, it was ten minutes since the dude brought us the :Italian" rolls and did not come back to take our order while he was flirting and he was only three tables away from us. We had to hail him over like we were hailing a cab and then he had this surly attitude when he came back like it was our fault. Both of us got annoyed with this behavior and left right away. This is not some $9 pasta place, this place charges almost $20 for most dishes, so the service should be more professional in the dining room. I hope the waiter got what he wanted later because we certainly did not get food that night.
5	I have always adored this restaurant because the service is fantastic and the pasta is some of the best you'll find anywhere.  This evening, the server, Megan, and Chef Michael Siggins outdid themselves. My dr. recently put me on a strict anti-inflammatory diet where all legumes, grains, dairy and nightshades (like tomato and eggplant) are out of the question (which sucks tremendously when dining at a fabulous Italian restaurant). Megan listened to my limitations, made great suggestions, and when she told Chef Siggins about my dilemma, he personally came out to talk to me, and ultimately created a delicious, satisfying dish that was completely in line with what I'm allowed to eat. The level of care Megan and Chef Siggins showed for my dietary limitations and the quality of the scrumptious dish I enjoyed were far and away beyond what I expected. They obviously take a lot of pride in what they do.  Many thanks and kudos!
5	What a wonderful experience!  My parents were celebrating their 65th wedding anniversary and I booked the small wine cellar room for my family and out of town guests.  The food was exceptional and the service was phenomenal.  We had at least two waiters ensuring that our every need was met.  Everyone had a wonderful evening that will not soon be forgotten.  Thank you, Pasta Brioni!!
5	Great atmosphere and when it is cooler we will definitely be back to sit on the patio we walked by! We had a bunch of ladies meet up that have never been here before. We each tried a different dish while sharing a bottle of Barbara red wine. Dishes we ordered were a Cesar salad, bolonese, linguine pescatore, penne vodka---all great Italian food!  Deserts were homemade cheesecake, flour less cake and tiramisu that we ordered. Sitting in the bar area at a table was great atmosphere for our ladies laughing and telling stories. The chef stopped by our table and even stayed to chat with us. We had a great time and will be back again!
5	Ordered the pizza online and it came early which is a plus. Pizza was good, a little heavy since it was a four cheese but can't knock it for that. Crust was great though. Plus it was big so I guess I have lunch for three days. Woohoo!! Online ordering was easy and convenient. Will order from them again!
4	This place is a nice dining atmosphere for small groups and couples.  It's not pretentious or loud like many of Scottsdale's trendy restaurants.  It has a tried and true/ old family establishment feel.  The service is top notch. Our waiter was funny, polite, attentive, knowledgeable, and has pride in his work.Most importantly, the food is worth coming back for.  As stated in other reviews the spaghetti and meatballs is really good:  The red sauce is awesome, the pasta is cooked perfectly, and the meatballs are seasoned nicely...moist with a good consistency and taste.  My husband's vodka penna with chicken was also good.  It didn't have quite the kick he wanted but he would order it again.  Good wine list.  Tempting desert menu.  Prices are a good deal.This was our First visit but it won't be our last.
5	This is a great place! I've become a regular. Happy hour is amazing, the portions are full size! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but my favs are fried ravioli, penne vodka, caprese salad, and eggplant dish. Give it a shot especially if you love Italian food!
1	I am sorry to give one star, but after the second attempt I can definitely say that the food is VERY DISAPPOINTING! I tried the chef salad and the quality was just low. Usually I am an indiscriminate eater, but this salad was just disgusting. Second time I ordered the rigatoni four cheese and a Caesar salad... The pasta doesn't even taste pasta. I am from Italy, and in my opinion, pasta must to be cooked in certain ways. The rigatoni were overcooked and the cheese was bitter and just not good. The Caesar salad wasn't that bad, but neither special.I am disappointed because a friend of mine recommended this place for pasta, but I didn't like it. I am sorry but I won't come back.
4	Just about everything here is top notch. Grilled chicken sandwich is my favorite, but have amazing pasta dishes, salads, numerous tasty sandwiches hot and cold. Even the pizza is among my favorites in town. They have a small patio that is not very inviting, and the restaurant is very old and somewhat run down. That's the only reason that I didn't give five stars. Though it's old, it's clean.
5	The food was BOMB!  Order the eggplant rollantine with 4 cheese sauce in lieu of marinara. Must try it!!!  The desserts were stellar. Pumpkin cheesecake and tiramisu = holy amazingness.
5	What an evening we had! This is the real deal. Ambiance. Food. Wine. Service. Four of us. Started in the bar for a glass of wine and hors d'oeuvres at happy hour. Bartender was great. She was attentive but never hovered. Moved into the diningroom for dinner. The ambiance was old school, white tablecloths, dark wood and leather. It felt cozy and classy. We thought perhaps a Soprano or two might show up!! Could this really be in a strip mall instead of NYC or SF? Two of us ordered the same dish. Two of us different dishes. We were all thrilled with rich flavors and portions. Our waiter was service at its best. He recited multiple dinner specials without a hitch, listened to us, engaged us, charmed us and was set on making this our best memory. He went over and above to fulfill a request for dessert. FINALLY the Italian restaurant we have searched the valley to find....we want to tell the world AND we want to keep it to ourselves....but that would really be selfish!Wonderful place to go with friends and share a memorable evening.....ambiance. food. wine. SERVICE. Go! (Probably great grown up date night, too. You can hear one another!!)
4	Just wanted to add that I received a personal message from the owner apologizing for our experience and promising a better one next time. In this day and age of no customer service, this was a very classy and professional touch. We'll be back.
4	I felt like I was "back home" in a Boston Italian restaurant.  I let our waiter know that we had never been there and hoped to be impressed since we have our "favorite" italian restaurants but were here on a recommendation.  Their specials all sounded fabulous. I had the gnocchi with spinach and tomatoes - yum.  We all loved the food.  Most of all, this restaurant truly puts the emphasis on service.  The staff was all attentive and it showed.
4	Ahhh, welcome back into the good graces of this Yelper. Without the pesky issues of a distracted waiter and high dinner prices, my craving for this version of chicken parmesan, turned out a success. It was the same sandwich I encountered on my first take-out visit here and it once again was loaded with thin cutlets and a solid hero roll on this occasion. The pasta salad was still tasty and despite me trying to save half the sandwich for later, it is pretty impossible to have that sort of will power when it comes to the Chicken parm takeout at Brioni's.
5	First time here. Great little place. Nice, but not to fancy. Great food and atmosphere.  Would recommend !
