1	We were excited to try the new pizza place in ahwatukee.  Jimmy and Joes.  I was unable to locate the number online.  So I had to call another store to get the number.  When I call to prefer delivery I gave the gal my first name only.  The young gal rattles off my old address.  A little disturbed about why a business I have never used or called before had my information.  I ask the girl how and why and she replays I don't know caller id.  No that address doesn't pop up.  So she proceeds to put the manager on the phone.  Which the person (the owner Terry Black)  gives a logical explanation.  I was fine with that answer and was going to proceed to order until the man said what did I expect its 2013.  I was dumbfounded and insulted.  So I asked the man do you be little all of your customers.  He again reminded me of the year.  So I said you obviously don't want my business.  He said I would love your bussiness.  But still would not apologize.
5	Great pizza, great atmosphere and friendly staff! Try the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch, it's ridiculously good! Great value for lunch, I will be back!
5	I am so happy this location opened up.  It's so close to home and honestly better than any other pizza place I have ever been too.  The serious slices are as big as a new born baby and taste like GOD himself kneaded the dough.  I would recommend this place to any and everyone I meet.
5	I love this place!!!! Great tasting pizza and they don't skimp on the toppings. I prefer The Works pizza.
2	The pizza here is ok.I seen signs of a new pizza place opening in Ahwatukee and couldn't wait to try it out. I've been disappointed in other pizza places that opened in the area, so I was skeptical.Anyway I ordered an 18" sausage pizza, waited for about 20 minutes and brought it home. The pie was a whopping 25 bucks + tax. The pizza review, the crust was hard and chewy, the sauce was put on sparingly and had a little kick to it, it had very little cheese and just a few sprinkles of sausage, Seriously it had about 7 pieces of sausage on the whole 18" pie! I thought they actually made a mistake, and called to speak to a manager about it, the "manager" said that it was the proper amount of sausage as they weight the toppings/ product for every pizza. I thought that was bull, how can you sell a proper premium pizza then skimp on the toppings? The Verdict - Bad Jimmy & Joe!!The prices at Jimmy & Joe's are too high for the poor quality and quantity of pizza you get... So Jimmy..& Joe.....You get Only 2 Stars ;(The next time I pay for a 25 dollar pie, It will be at Spinato's Pizzeria, not jimmy n joe's, at least at Spinato's you get what you pay for, an abundance of toppings and the quality and taste matches that of a premium pizza.
5	Took the kids (4) on a Sunday. Got a meal for under $30 bucks. 2 pizzas. Wings garlic bread and drinks.  Great Value.
1	We love supporting our local Ahwatukee restaurants, and we eat out often...probably too often. So on Friday nights it's a ritual for us to have food delivered and unfortunately in our area the only choice is pizza.  We were so excited to have a local pizzeria come into the neighborhood, and since their opening we have been loyal customers.  That changed tonight. We called Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria at 6:56.  We were told 45 minutes to an hour for our delivery...no problem we thought.  At 8:03 we called to make sure they had our order, and we we told yes, the driver left at 7:24 and sorry for the delay we should have called you, we'd like to offer you $5 off your next order.  That seemed fair...so okay we'll wait. Well at 8:34 we decided our pizza and wings weren't coming. Called the restaurant (for the third time) to cancel our order. Seriously, who wants cold unfresh pizza and wings?  We walk out to drive to another restaurant (like I said before...anyway) and the delivery man pulls up.  I ask him "how long since our food left the store"....he looks at his receipt and says since 7:30.  I ask "how many stops before us," and I'm told seven.  So, it's Friday night and Jimmy & Joe's can't deliver 8 pizzas in an hour and a half? Oh, and chicken wings...cold, undercooked (yes that's an issue) wings.  Do yourself a favor, get in your vehicle and drive to Nello's (always great pizza) or Native New Yorker (who isn't as good as they used to be, but who is 10 times better than Jimmy & Joe's.) We are happy we did.
5	New spot, same delicious pizza!Nice tvs, large dining room, and helpful staff make this one of the best pizzeria's in town.If you haven't eaten here, you're an idiot.
4	I visited this place for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The girl at the counter was incredibly helpful and so nice! I ordered one of their slices and added a few items, the total was almost $9. I'll probably stop by here every once in a while since that's an expensive lunch for me. When I got my slice I realized why it was so expensive - it was huge! Seriously, two people could eat this lol! The only reason I reduced 1 star was because the slice was so big and difficult to maneuver that, sadly, all my delicious toppings fell off the pizza. Next time, I will ask them to cut the slice in half to make it easier to eat.
5	I love this place! It has become my new pregnancy craving!
3	I ordered a thin crust pizza for home delivery last night,.  The staff and delivery person were friendly.  They offer gluten free in the smaller 12 inch size.   I ordered a 16 inch size and found it to have very flavorful and fresh ingredients, conveniently delivered to my house after a busy day.  .  I consider the crust to be more like New York subway zone style pizza.   It was not crisp in any way, not even on the edges. I do enjoy New York style pizzas an this crust seemed like it was hand tossed or home made, which I liked.  If you like crispy crust, this is not the place.  I am not sure what to think of the cheese.  It was either very skimpy and didn't put hardly any on, or they use a different type of cheese that is almost transparent.  I also ordered meatballs on half the pizza and I believe they used small ground meat chunks instead.  If I say meatball, I am picturing an actual full sized ball of meat, sliced up and applied to the pizza.in a pepperoni like fashion.  So what I received was not quite what I had in mind, but still flavorful.  I may return again soon when the mood for soft New York style pizza strikes. FYI, other reviews can be found under Jimmy & Joe's Pizzaria - slightly different spelling of the restaurant name there.
5	Jimmy and Joe's is my favorite slice joint for sure! Come hungry because the slice is served on a 12" pizza tray. I love that they give you your own personal pizza cutter to slice and dice your huge pizza into bite size pieces. The sauce is made in house and has a little zing. The Joe's sauce wings are a must! Also, for the drink enthusiasts, they have the crazy coke machine that does over 100 flavors. Family owned, great service, great food.
4	I stopped in late afternoon not busy at all so I was a little worried but the pizza was great! The service was awesome Sammy was very polite and could answer any question I asked about the place without skipping a beat! The slices are SERIOUSLY Big! Great place!!
3	As someone that lived in the NYC area for many years my "bar" for good pizza is very high!  I found the pizza to be good.  The slices are very large and the sausage was good Italian sausage. I actually enjoyed their buffalo wings the most .  Slightly crispy and not drowned in too much sauce.   You have a choice of ranch or blue cheese dressing which isn't always the case in AZ.
3	Guess what? They don't deliver until 5pm. After filtering our search for delivery, this is the third pizza place that yelp info has gotten wrong, we are now frustrated!  Just wanted to order pizza for delivery by the pool at Legacy Resort and get pm with our day.
1	I just went to this specific store and the woman at the counter was completely rude. She cut me off in the middle of my first sentence to her and walked into the kitchen. Didn't order food and will never be eating there again.
4	Great sauce with a fair amount of fresh cheese.  Boneless wings were cooked perfect and the sauce was excellent (mild with hot on the side).  For about $25 fed a family of 4 with some leftovers.Girl at the counter on the evening of July 31 was extremely helpful in recommending the special with cheese bread and bringing us everything we needed.  This place is in our small rotation of pizza places around the east valley.
5	The pizza is delicious and authentic. If you asked me to name a real pizza place that isn't a massive chain in the AHWATUKEE area, I would say Jimmy & Joe's! Not to mention that they've made a speciality pizza called "Healthy Choice" which is cheese less and full of amazing veggie toppings! Cherry on top? They were right on time. In fact, they beat their quoted time.
5	I don't even know where to start...How about I LOVE JIMMY & JOE'S!!! Since this is a food review site, I will start with the food. This pizza is phenomenal! The BBQ Chicken pizza is probably my favorite, but the ability to create my own slice is always a good thing too. Massive slices of pizza that come with their own pizza slicer!Next up is the wings...the Joe's sauce is basically like a hot sauce mixed with Italian dressing, and I am hooked. Being a wing connoisseur, I can be very picky. I am looking for the right amount of crisp and something a little different when it comes to sauce. Jimmy and Joe's covers it all with these wings. The lunch combos are great! Working down the street allows me to frequent this pizzeria and the prices are very good for what you get. You never leave overly full, and you certainly never leave hungry. Their rewards program is pretty awesome too and really helps get you back in the door. Lastly, and most important of all is the people! Since day one, I clicked with Amy! She complimented me on my choice of salami, onion, and fresh garlic pizza...not the best if you work face to face with people, but absolutely delicious! She remembered my name and order the next time, and ever since continues to impress me with the type of person and business owner she is. Both Amy and Terry have such generous hearts and are very willing and able to be involved in, and help out the community.  Look no further than Jimmy & Joe's when you are looking for a great local spot who cares about their customers, employees, and the community around them AND has incredible food!
1	This is the story of two cold and soggy pizzas, the never arriving pizza, an incredibly rude man who identified himself as "THE OWNER," and several failed chances to get it right.  One Saturday night I called Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria to order a pie.  There was so much banging and loud noise in the background it was nearly impossible to hear the feeble seemingly untrained phone worker.  I ordered one of Jimmy & Joe's specialty pies.  What arrived at my door a mere hour and a half later was a cold soggy cheese and pineapple pizza.  Absolutely not what I ordered.  I called the driver and he promised to bring my specialty pie back.  A mere 40 minutes later he arrived with another cold and greasy mess albeit the pie we ordered.  Because we were starving, we accepted the pizza but finished baking it in our oven.  It wasn't too bad it you don't mind a lot of grease.  It's noteworthy that only two pieces were ever eaten.  I called the driver back.  He promised not to run my credit card or void the charge or something of the sort. The next day I checked my bank activity.  Guess what?  The errant pizza delivery driver had in fact NOT voided the charge.  I immediately called the store.  I endured more banging and loud noise.  I thought Jimmy & Joe's may be actually killing something or somebody in the kitchen where the phones must be located!  It's incredibly loud!  The manager, Amy promised me a $30.00 credit attached to my phone number for my next order.  She was very nice and said the chicken pesto pizza is often greasy because of the oil based pesto.The next Wednesday I called to give Jimmy & Joe's another chance to get it right.  While I could again hear them clearly murdering somebody or something, I was promised my "FREE" order and ended the call.  Wondering if maybe I should call the police because of the murder going on in the kitchen, I salivated waiting for my pie.  A short time later a very gruff and angry man called and said, "I'M THE OWNER." Then he said, "My driver is too damn busy and backed up to deliver a FREE pie."  I reminded the grumpy man that this wasn't a "FREE" pie.  That I had paid over $30.00 last time and only ever received two cold soggy greasy pizzas and nothing I ordered was eaten.  He none the less refused to honor Jimmy & Joe's prior commitment.  Bottom line folks, go somewhere else.  Clearly this mom and pop chain Jimmy & Joe's is out of their league.  I gave Jimmy & Joe's not one but several chances to get it right and Jimmy & Joe's blew each opportunity to get it right.  What continues to worry me is if they are hacking somebody to pieces in the kitchen.  But then again, maybe it's "THE OWNER." Or perhaps it's just their business they are killing.
4	I absolutely love jimmy & joe pizza. Lets just say papa johns, pizza hut, etc has nothing on them. The prices are fairly cheap, the amount is crazy, and the taste is amazing!!! I love their buffalo chicken pizza:)
4	Visited this place last night. I love supporting local businesses and these folks have decent pizza. I called ahead about an hour and the pie was fresh and hot when I got there from work. I'll be back!
1	Terrible customer service. The owner is rude and cynical. I was told pretty much straightforward that I was a liar... When only stating that I had ordered that way before the owner replied "I am the owner and you cannot order it that way"... When in fact it was the same person I had ordered from before! I still placed an order. I called back seconds later because I forgot to tell them which dipping sauce I wanted. Minutes later they call back to ask for a dollar for the sauce! They told me I could pay the dollar at the door, which I agreed to. Then they asked for my credit card number again. Well, apparently they voided my payment so paying their precious dollar at the door was never an option to begin with. I asked to speak with the owner whom I placed the order with and I was told she was busy and couldn't talk to me...then when asking to cancel my order the owner was on the phone in seconds, stating she was standing right next to the employee talking to me the whole time... it now appears to me that the owners are teaching their employees to lie so they don't have to talk to customers themselves. The owner then told me I shouldn't cancel my owner because "I'll still be hungry". Ridiculous!!! The owner of this restaurant chose to make a terrible decision in regards to their business transactions with a customer that has returned on several occasions. I am very disappointed. There will be no more orders from this customer. "I'll stay hungry" as what was told to me. I hope this review will help others when making that crucial decision between one pizza place or another.
1	Tried calling to order a to go order and was on hold for five minutes. Then the picks up and asks for my order I tell her the first item I want and she puts me on hold again. They either need to hire a more staff or just put another person on the phones. As far as how the pizza taste don't know went somewhere else for my Togo order.
5	Love jimmy and joes. This location is no different. Wings are great slices are huge and amazing the specialty pies are all so good.Try getting pesto on the crust of your slice. Makes a great crust even better.Don't forget the one of a kind Joes sauce. Out of this world. Don't believe the haters. I got nothing but love for JJP.
