3	Have you ever stayed a Motel 6? Then you know what you are getting yourself into, this is a classic Motel 6 with the "amenities" that you would expect.  It is the cheapest thing in the area.  There is a resort right down the street from this one that has double and triple the nightly rates and then a few miles further south, by AZ Mills Mall, there are several of the branded hotel chains.  If you just need a place to sleep in a relatively nice room, this Motel 6 will serve the purpose handsomely.  I have stayed in it over the years here and there, I don't live far away.  The airport isn't too terribly far from this one.  Tempe Diablo Stadium is only a few miles away.  ASU Tempe is also pretty close.  AZ Mills mall is about 2 miles away.  Great value, good enough accommodations.
2	This is decent place for the money if you just need a place to sleep. The room is a little small, no microwave, mini fridge or coffee maker.  I have stayed in nicer places that have all of these things for a little less. I'd recommend looking around for the best deal with the amenities you want.
1	I must preface this by admitting that I haven't stayed in a Motel 6 in quite some time, but I always remembered them as being just OK- small, a little dingy, probably noisy, but a cheap place to get some rest.  My recent experience here was quite different.  Firstly, despite reserving a "non-smoking" room, I arrived in the evening to find that none existed.  My room smelled like a freshly used ashtray and my throat started getting scratchy right away.  I went out for dinner and a cocktail and returned to find a security guard wanting to walk me to my room.  Instead, however, of "have a good night" or something similar, he told me that I had better not make any noise or I'd be kicked out.  OK!!  I went quietly inside and started looking for the remote control for the TV.  None.  Pay extra for wi-fi?  I was considering it, but what is that new choking smell?!?  SMOKE!  Something is on fire!  I opened the door to find smoke pouring out of the neighboring room.  With a toddler staring out from behind him, my neighbor tried to assure me that the smoke was just his bandanna that had accidentally caught fire and everything was under control.  Pay no attention to this crack pipe or the acrid smoke that I'm exhaling now....Now my throat is really getting sore,  It's 3 a.m. and I'm scared that if I fall asleep, the place could burn down.  Where's that security guy now? Feeling really dirty, I looked at the bathtub and shower.  Burn marks all over it.  Burn holes in the bedding too, nice....small bar of soap, but no shampoo.  1 extremely threadbare tiny towel.  Not inviting whatsoever!I had a reservation for a second night, but instead slept for an hour or so in my truck in the parking lot and then found a different place to stay/bathe.  Cursing the guy who recommended this place....I'm hoping the smell comes out of my clothes now....
1	Half star would be pushing it here, unless... you like the following, To be living next door to a crack smoker; to be harassed for no reason at all by some punk security guard with more hickeys than a teenage boy in love with the vacuum cleaner; to curl up in a ball fetal position so that a bare minimum of your body touches the bed; are looking at starting up a rock band with roaches, or you currently live in a gutter. I have stayed at some of the seediest motels in America, this one takes the bird poop to a different level of atrocious. Good news is if you smoke crack you will make lots of friends just by sending smoke signals with your bandana on fire. AND the crack smokers I met whilst living my last night as a respectable human being had kids so if you have a family this is your place. Gotta go now, I have to do my 13th load of hot water wash so I can wear my clothes again. Then when I am done I will be heading to the free clinic for my next series of Typhoid shots.
1	I'm not here to bash. I'm here to tell my story. My sister and I are driving through Arizona from California and given that we have to leave early we decided to not spend a lot of money on a place we were only going to stay for a few hours. Since neither one of us has ever been to Arizona we decided to see what "mill street" was all about. It was fun. We had fun. But as soon as the taxi driver dropped us off. The manager came out and started yelling at us. We didn't feel welcomed at all. I see her point. Seeing how motels get raged by college students. But we were not that. It was by far THEE MOST UNWELCOMING EXPERIENCE I've ever encountered. We were judged. Plain and simple. The manager (she) insulted my sister. As well as me. A paying customer. I had other options. I could've stayed anywhere else. I know motel 6 is trying to step their game up by remodeling and offering better service (in fact the front door man was above and beyond the best hotel customer service I've ever encountered) but to be, quite frank, the manager is a judgemental and discriminating  "one of a kind" I'm very hesitant in ever staying here ever again. Motel 6 has been kind in my travels but tonight (and this place) changes my perspective. All this because of a cab driver was playing his music too loud. It was out of our control and not fair, just, ethical, or relevant. I'm very upset. Every for a measly $45 the juice was not worth the squeeze. I expect more out of the ghettos of Compton.
1	I have stayed in several Motel 6 in past years and they are typically okay, this one was not very good.  The bed spreads had cigarette burns as did the bathtub.  It was the smallest room I think I've ever stayed in.  Maid service was non-existent.  Luckily we were on the first floor, because the elevator was out of order as was the vending machine.  The a/c in the laundry/vending area did not work and our key cards did not work most of the time. They wanted to charge for the wi-fi.  The beds were very uncomfortable.  They did have a pool, but the steps were green and slippery.   I was glad to leave this place.  I would not recommend staying at this Motel 6.
1	Let's just say you get what you pay for. The room was...what I expected: cheap and dirty. The sheets and pillow cases reeked of bleach, the carpets had stains on them, the television looked like it had been dragged behind a car before being returned back into the room, the sink had gunk at the bottom and therefore water was flowing up and out of the drain, and the phone looked like it hadn't been dusted in months.I only stayed here for one night since I was on a road trip and only needed a quick place to crash for the night before getting back on the 10.I have never stayed at a Motel 6 before, but if this is what they're like I'd rather pay a bit more for a cleaner and more decent looking room.Oh, and by the way, no free wifi. You gotta pay for it!
