5	Moved to Vegas about a year ago, and I needed a new doctor. I kept putting it off, until one late night a UTI made me realize that the time had come. I went to my computer and searched my area code on Yelp." Las Vegas Immediate Care" had a few reviews, they were good and it was close. I wasn't totally sold, but then I clicked through to their website. That's where I was able to make an appointment/check-in for soon after they opened the next morning. The "new patient forms" were also on their site. The next morning I arrived with my forms already completed, and a twenty dollar off coupon which was also on their website. I'm a cash patient and I found the rates reasonable, but another twenty bucks off was great! Upon arrival to the office, I was pleasantly surprised by the clean, modern waiting area that was not cramped. Plenty of space, free tea and coffe, too. Was checked-in paid up and with a doctor within twenty minutes. I must take a moment to compliment the staff that is friendly and efficient. Dr. Carrulo was great. He asked questions and seemed genuinely interested in my replies. I didn't feel rushed at all. Another awesome service that they offer is "dispense quick." Basically they provided me with my meds (antibiotics) right there in the office. The price was very reasonable, and I'm ecstatic that I didn't have to spend an hour at the pharmacy, after my doc visit. All-in-all, I was in and out of there in a little less than an hour. This was a great experience, and I will be back. Hopefully, not too soon!
3	Went in for allergy reasons, had an allergy test and my visit was great. they even have fruit and a fancy coffee machine for guests, BUT I specifically stated which pharmacy I wanted my prescription sent to and they sent it somewhere else not close to me at all. I called about 5 or 6 times because it still wasn't at the pharmacy I had stated and I've been checking with my pharmacy to see if anything has come in yet from the doctor's office. It is now about to be 6 o'clock and my appointment was at 1! if nothing by tonight then I will have to call AGAIN tomorrow. If it wasn't for the friendly staff or well kept office I would have only given them a one star rating!
4	My previous doctor, for whom I had written rave reviews on Yelp and physician-rating websites, switched to a larger practice.  It became impossible to schedule an appointment, or even get calls returned from her or her nurse.  Major bummer when doctors get too big for their britches.  So when I needed a doctor TODAY, I checked Yelp and decided to go to Las Vegas Immediate Care.  And I did get almost immediate care.I chose to fill out the new patient information beforehand, which was nine pages long, but even that wasn't long enough - they added a tenth page for me to read and sign when I got there.  If this CYA crap doesn't stop, we'll soon need a week to provide all the info that doctors want you to give, read, sign, etc.There's a definite advantage to being the last patient in the office on the eve of Memorial Day Weekend, because the other patients were finishing up.  I was seen first by a P.A., then by Dr. Fauzia Carullo.  All together, I got a pretty good exam, and found Dr. Carullo very competent.  I also feel she spent enough time with me to make me decide to schedule some pre-op testing that I need in a couple of weeks.  And I like the idea that she and her husband share patients, and that it's a small practice.For a few reasons that I don't want to elaborate on in this review, I can't give it a full-fledged five star rating, but in this great city that is so sorely lacking in inspired medical care, I can definitely recommend this practice, at least so far for the urgent care part of it.  I'll update when I have a regular appointment.
5	I took my 92 year old mother who was visiting from Australia who was suffering from severe back pain. The waiting room was very clean and coffee and snacks were available. The wait to see the doctor was not long and the office staff were very polite, pleasant and efficient.  Dr Carullo came in to see my mother. He was very gentle, patient and listened carefully to her complaint. He treated her immediately and informed us of her problem. Her pain diminished almost immediately. I would definitely recommend Las Vegas Immediate Care to anyone needed medical care.
5	Probably the best Urgent Care experience I've ever had. I used to travel year-round for work (as a performer) so I have been to my fair share of Urgent Care facilities across the country for various injuries. I can honestly say this was the nicest facility and I felt I got the best care.Now a Las Vegas resident I was hesitant to try yet another Urgent Care I had never been to but did not have a choice when I found myself with an ankle injury that needed to be seen. I did not have an appointment but the wait wasn't too bad. They needed initial paperwork and took vitals (and then I did wait in a patient room for the dr for probably 45min...only downside). The doctor seemed to know her stuff and I did not feel like I was brushed over. She was very thorough and when they needed to do an ultrasound of my leg they were able to do that there. Oh...they didn't have x-ray capabilities (so I had to go to another location for that but it was within a mile of the office) but I THINK I heard that they will be doing x-rays there in the near future. That was the only thing that would have made the experience even better.Had a follow up appointment with the same doctor a week after the initial appointment. Very happy with the care here. Will absolutely go back if I need to be seen by a doctor for anything again and would highly recommend this Urgent Care to anyone.
5	After going here a couple times for urgent care, I'm happy to say that Dr. Carullo is now my primary care doctor! Here is why:1. She is compassionate and great at her skillShe is sympathetic and sincere about your situation, which can really mean a lot when you are feeling crappy. If it's one thing I hate, it's a doctor that makes you feel like every other one of his/her patients. Dr. Carullo really takes the time to listen to you and your concerns. And she has good energy as well (yes, for all you hippies, like me). You feel immediately better as she walks in the room!I had a serious knee break this year that was horribly misdiagnosed by Southern Hills ER, who sent me home with no brace, and told me it wasn't broken. I followed up with Dr. Carullo, and she knew right away that my diagnosis was a mistake. She took the proper precautions in ordering more tests and fitted me with a brace before she even saw the results. If she hadn't done this, I could've sustained permanent damage, as Southern Hills ****ed up big time. She seriously saved me from a lifetime of pain!2. Flexible officeThe staff here is very friendly, and WILL find a way to fit you in. You may have to wait a little, but the care they give is worth it. That being said, I don't think I've ever waited 30 mins without even making an appointment. When I have made an appointment, the wait was only 10-15 minutes. 3. Office amenitiesThe seating area is super comfy (nice big couches) with plenty of room. They always have treats (coffee, tea, snacks) for you while you wait. You can tell they've taken great care in thinking about their patients in the waiting room. Last time I was in her office, I saw she had received an award for "Most Compassionate Doctor." This couldn't be more true.
4	Waited for more than an hour... and it took us basically 2hrs to check in and out... but dr. carullo is sooooo sweet... and so nice!! makes you feel like youre at home and makes you feel very comfortable :) will be back in the future!
5	I tried to book an appointment with a regular family doctor for what I thought was maybe the flu but I couldn't find anyone who would take me short notice so urgent care was my next option. I don't think there is anything I loathe more than going to the doctor but Las Vegas Urgent Care got me in and out super quick! And I already feel 1000X better! I wish I could remember the sweet nurses name that helped me but she was over the top friendly! And Dr.Carullo he's the bee's knees super nice and made me feel much better! Hopefully this bronchitis will be gone before I know it! Thank you Las Vegas Urgent Care!
3	I am updating my review- I received a nice note from the doctor explaining why the wait time was so long. I appreciate his taking the time to respond, and his explanation.
5	As a tourist from Germany, I got a serious bronchitis while in Las Vegas. Was treated in less than one hour as a walk in. Excellent service. Came here because of the good reviews. Can only agree with the previous posts! I don't hope I have to visit again, but if I have to I will definitely go here!
5	Once again, this office prevails. This time I saw the "other" Dr. Carullo (male). He was great. Very knowledgeable about my existing injury having had one himself (broken knee cap). I did have to wait a bit, but because it was an urgent appointment, this was warranted. I was able to get referred to a specialist for my chronic injury and get some temporary help in the way of bandages and meds, which helps a great deal. The office staff, as always, were friendly and helpful, even given their heavy traffic this time of day. Thanks again guys!
1	Avoid at all costs! I will recount my experience blow by blow and let you be the judge. I went in for a respiratory infection that was lingering for a few weeks. Office staff was professional and I did not need to wait long. MA checked blood pressure and lung capacity. Doctor Carullo enters and seemed like a nice enough guy. He checks my throat, and ears, and after a minute or two exam with little more questions, asks me my symptoms. I tell him sore throat and cough that has lingered for 5 weeks.The doctor then tells me the symptoms look like HIV, no other possibilities were offered other than that. Although I tested negative 6 months ago, I was horrified (doc never asked me about that). He asked me if I wanted an HIV test explaining it costs 35.00, takes 15min and they do it for cost.  I said 100% yes. He continued for some reason why he thought I had HIV, first he said I have a geographical tongue, and canker sore. I told him that I have always had a geographical tongue and my 84 year old mother has the same, regarding the canker sores I explained I have gotten them since age 12. I said despite this, I am all for getting the test. (2nd time I agreed to the test) The doctor then continued- "As a doctor I am basing my diagnosis on other factors as well and I am confident that these factors compel me to make this conclusion..." At this point he starts to go into further details to make a case for me being HIV positive until I had to literally talk over his voice and beg him to stop trying to convince me I have HIV virus. I said "please stop you are really stressing me out" I happen to be on 2 mood stabilizers for severe mood swings and which was included in papers I filled out along with the medication names. At this point the doctor abruptly began small talk about why I moved to Europe and if my parents lived there. I told him I did not think small talk was the best idea until the results return. After waiting 10 minutes MA brings me water And says- "don't be stressed, life is too short to worry about these things" 20 minutes later MA comes in tells me I am negative and have bronchitis, he then puts me on a nebulizer machine. Did not see doctor until the end when he wrote me my prescriptions. Mis diagnosing someone is one thing, but putting them though emotional agony for no reason is quite another. Nothing was mentioned about a possibility of bronchitis previous to the test. Update: Firstly the doctor called me to apologize in a very nice way after seeing my review. Unfortunately the story gets worse anyway. Although there was no evidence of a bacterial infection Dr Carullo prescribed an extremely potent antibiotic normally used for pneumonia called Levofloxacim. I took this medication for 10 days with zero change with my "bronchitis". After leaving Vegas on business trip to europe my condition did not go away it, got worse, I began wheezing with shortness of breath, I flew back to New York to see my real doctor. Thinking I had bronchitis as Dr Carullo diagnosed, I began to panic as the only info I could find online that fitted bronchitis that serious is chronic bronchitis (an incurable fatal condition)   Finally when examined by my normal physician I was  given a chest X-Ray had my blood oxygen levels checked etc, and was diagnosed with asthma. I was given 2 inhalers one albuterol and the other a steroid inhaler.I am now fully recovered. I hope doctors like Carullo are exposed more often for incompetence as these mistakes are extremely damaging for the patient no matter how many times a Doctor apologizes.   I do not know why yelp has filtered my review. Sent from my iPad
5	Dr.Carullo is a great Doctor, I am greatful that I found this place.I recommend this place  to anyone looking for a primary Doctor.
2	Went here because of the reviews but i did not have a great experience. I had stomach flu or food poisoning...still not sure, because the "doctor" saw me for 2 mins touched my neck and stomach and decided i just needed a prescription. yes a drug for nausea and vomiting, because nothing over the counter could possibly work. So waited 2 hrs, with only 4 ppl ahead of me according to the receptionist, i counted at least 7 who went ahead of me, even ppl who came in after me who she said had appointments. The front staff is not very professional and the Dr i saw is not one i would see again.
1	If you are from out of town, do not come here. The fact that a suggestion by a male clerk who initially said my insurance was a no go in his office then suggested that I call my insurance to make sure I will be covered left a bad taste in my mouth . I went to this place because of their 4+ rating on yelp. I left the office without being checked out. I know for a fact that my insurance should have been accepted because I call my provider after I left. I believe that's why they have insurance specialist working for them. Or do they?FYI if you are going to talk about someone's insurance statues. Make sure other people don't hear the conversations u are having with the patient or the other clerks comments about a patients insurance status. Very unprofessional .
2	DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU TAKE A MEDICATION THAT IS CONTROLLED OR REQUIRES YOU TO BE SEEN EVERY MONTH! I came here because of convenience and because of stellar reviews from others. I got to meet Dr. Carullo (female) and was impressed with her bedside manner and the care she showed towards me. However, everything else has been a disaster.  First, I'm supposed to get an ultrasound for a suspected gallbladder problem and I get all the way over there and find out they want $175 dollars from me and when I ask they tell me they don't do payment plans or send it by mail. Then the front desk girl tells me she called me to warn me but my voice mail wasn't set up which I know isn't true because it works well for everyone else and it had no record that they had even called!Second, I'm a busy college student and it's difficult for me to get into see them so I call them up asking if I can get a prescription refilled because I know it's a controlled substance. They tell me that they'll ask and call me back. THEY NEVER DID! I called four times and never did they once call me back.Third, every single person in my family has gone here and pretty much said the same thing. Nice doctors horrendous patient accommodations and don't even dare get upset about it. Those front desk girls get real snotty if you do. Both of my parents have had screwed up prescriptions and an absolutely menagerous time fixing it.Finally, so after multiple unresponsive calls, I finally can go down there to get it refilled and they tell me they can't and I have to see the doctor. Which I understand, but THEY NEVER HAVE ANY OPENINGS and I sure am not paying double my copay to do urgent care. It's highway robbery. Every time I see these people I have to pay for urgent care because they never have openings. This time they don't have any opening for five weeks. FIVE WEEKS!So now I'm either screwed for five weeks with no medication, pay the $50 copay for a five minute visit, or I find a whole new doctor. The latter is looking the most appealing. I don't want to, but the cost-benefit of me staying is more towards the cost and I just can't do it anymore. Too many times I've been turned away from this place and I need to find a doctor that not only cares but can accommodate my schedule.This review would easily be a one star but the doctor bumped it up a star. She really is great. It's just her office and system that is just horrible.If you care for your sanity and ease of service don't go here. You will be driven slowly insane by the hoops that they make you jump through. I'm sick and tired of being treated like a walking wallet instead of a human patient with medical needs and desires. If you decide to go here good luck and hopefully your experience is better than mine.
2	I prefer a bit more more face time with the DR and less billing however it is very convenient and Dr C took the time to follow up on an issue I had recently immediately. I appreciate the concern.
3	I prefer a bit more more face time with the DR and less billing however it is very convenient and Dr C took the time to follow up on an issue I had recently immediately. I appreciate the concern.
4	I had a bad experience on my first visit at the beginning of October; however, I was very impressed with how the office handled and rectified the situation. The office manager reached out to me and listened to my concerns and provided a solution. I was able to meet with one of the main doctors there Dr. Carullo and he was great! I would feel comfortable going back here again if needed and would recommend this place to friends and family!
1	I have been to this place several times over about 2 years, but the last 2 visits are the reason I will never go back.  In August, I went for a sinus infection.  The receptionist had the audacity to tell me I was no longer covered under Tricare.  Seriously?!  My husband is active duty military, you're not just suddenly not covered.  So I had to call Tricare and put them on the phone.  Turns out she was looking it up under my ss#, not my husband's.  Tricare is ALWAYS under the active duty ss#.  They made the excuse that she was an "extern".  Well she is supposed to have someone supervising her so they dropped the ball. I went on Monday because I was pretty sure I had the flu.  I'm a nurse, and I had all the classic symptoms.  For whatever reason, Dr. Shaw didn't seem to think so, diagnosed sinus infection again and gave me an antibiotic.  I felt so so tues- thurs but Thursday night I started feeling awful again.  Friday and today I've had fever, chills, body aches, congestion, headache, and cough.  This is clearly NOT a sinus infection.I was there towards the end of the day on Monday and I was the last patient so I think he simply did not want to be bothered to wait 15 min for a flu test to result.  I'm sure that is why he didn't test me.  Either that, or he has ego and doesn't like when patients suggest things.  Either way I have now missed my window for tamiflu and I feel AWFUL.  I will NEVER go back and they better not send a bill for their laziness.
5	Had a tummy tuck w/ lipo procedure done in December and noticed fluid buildup in my stomach area after my drains were removed last week which prompted me to be seen at urgent care. Dr Carullo (female) was great and very knowledgeable of my condition (seroma post abdominoplasty). She assured me things are normal but also got another opinion from Dr Carullo (male). I didn't need the fluid to be removed via aspiration and it will be absorbed on its own. This was good news. I have a follow up with my primary doctor on 1/13/15 but I had a great deal of concern before then. Both Dr Carullos did an excellent job during my evaluation. It was worth my visit today.
