3	If a successful commerce encounter is one where the business fills a need for the customer, then I must say that my lunch as Fonda las Cazuelas was indeed successful. (The need being a decent, relatively clean, Mexican place near my office.)They offer a lunch special at the cant-be-beat price of $5.75 for your choice 12-14 entrees (all of which include the standard rice and refried beans) and a (soft) drink. I went for the Enchiladas Verdes with chicken. The food arrived so quickly that I was suspicious it would taste exactly like it came out of a can, but the chicken was well seasoned and the sauce had the tiniest bit of kick. The rice was about average, not crunchy but nothing special. The beans were slightly less reminicent of cat food than many places I've tried, and when mixed with some of the stray cheese crumbles they were downright tasty.The server was cheerful and attentive, but that may have been because there were only about 4 tables occupied in the entire place. On my lunch hour I was able to comfortably run a 20 minute errand, eat at a comfortable pace and get back to work with 10 or 15 minutes to spare. It's safe to say that I'll be lunching at the Fonda again.
4	I'd been in Charlotte for over a week, and hadn't had the chance to try any non-chain restaurants until Sunday night.  Fonda las Cazuelas is delicious!  I had a seafood dish called the 2 Devils (I think), and it was so fantastic.  I'm still thinking about the sauce the large shrimp and white fish were cooked in, a little spicy, very savory and so yummy.  The guac was super good, too...really fresh and handmade.  A couple fo Dos Equis, a couple shots of tequila, and great service...I'm hooked, Fonda las Cazuelas!
4	Yet another great place to eat mexican on N. Tryon.  Bargain prices on the lunch menu, prices ranging from $5.75 to $6.75 including softdrink. Really can't go wrong at these prices. As to be expected a basket of chips along with salsa is brought to you with your drinks. The chips here are the best I've had in Charlotte, light with a pronounced corn flavor, the salsa is flavorful as well. Sundays are busy here as a live Mariachi band is on hand. Overall a nice find, but how do I choose ? My fave in the area is El Taco Veloz, and we have frequented Taquiria Guadalajara as well, now we have to add a 3rd place to our list for good mexican. These 3 places on N. Tryon blow away the "chain" restaurants, there really is no comparison.
4	If you're looking for more than what the usual Mexican chain restaurant has to offer, then N. Tryon is loaded with some fine choices. Fonda las Cazuelas is one of the better ones. Some of what they do is the best on the Tryon strip; some aspects are lacking.  Here's the breakdown.Best Chips on Tryon. I always say I'm going to order soup instead of the chips, but damn these chips are evil & I can't resist their temptation. Light, crispy, always hot with just the right amount of salt. They don't last long...Salsa's are ok; not as good as some of the other places but still much better than what you will get at a chain.Love the taco's here; the meat is great. I usually get the steak asada, barbacoa, and the pork skin. Each item is cooked perfectly; great char on the asada, the barbacoa is slow cooked & tender, and the pork skin has a nice soft texture to contrast with the other taco's. The down side is that they are served rather plainly with a minimum of onion & cilantro. Sometimes I don't mind the meat pure and unadulterated, but really enjoy adding toppings that they don't have here.Another minor downside is the presentation of the taco's. They are delivered to the table wrapped in foil; two taco's in each foil packet. Then they are placed in a basket. A little more pizazz in the arrangement would be nice, but I don't find it a deal breaker.Not everything is served in baskets; all of the other items are served on huge platters with the usual beans & rice. Portions are large enough to feed a couple of hungry great danes, prices are ridiculously cheap, check it out if you are in the area!
5	My partner is Mexican and I lived there for quite some time.  We were craving authentic home-cooked food and an authentic atmosphere; we stumbled upon it and loved every bite.  We have found our new favorite home-cooked Mexican and we've gone back several times since discovering it.  The service team is great!
4	Been here several times recently and the food has always been excellent. The way I found this place? I bought some engine oil at the autozone next door around lunch time on a sunday. Walking out into the parking lot feeling hungry I thought I would seek out a mexican restaurant neraby, I looked up and there it was in front of me. Fonda Las Cazuelas. Feeling up for an adventure, I opened the door and walked into a wall of  loud mariachi music. The food was delicious. They have lunch specials 7 days a week, and I had the chicken with chipotle sauce. The molcajete seafood dishes are excellent and they will split the order for a smaller party. I brought my family for dinner and we had the seafood molcajete and the shrimp were AMAZING. The fried fish was also delicious and not over cooked. So often fish becomes dried out when it is fried, but not here. It was still moist. The service staff is friendly. If you want to hear mariachi music come on a Sunday between 1-2pm.
5	This unassuming place is the real thing. Wide choice of authentic dishes expertly cooked. The staff is nice and helpful. Live music on the weekend. Mostly local patrons. This is one of my favorite places.
5	Really good mexican restaurant. Their lunch and dinner specials are awesome (sometimes you have to ask for the specials menu).Great food, awesome service, unbelievable prices, very family friendly. Additional tip: start out with the guacamole; it's as good as it gets. Also try the free bean soup they offer as an appetizer.
5	Love love love this place. Their lunch menu is super cheap you will get either chips or bean soup included with your food. And a drink. Service is always great. And the food tastes good along with good portions.
5	Don't drive past this place! If you like Mexican food, eat here. If you don't like Mexican food eat here anyway. You will understand what it's supposed to taste like!And it's cheap!
5	I've been so disappointed by the past few Mexican restaurants I was starting to feel like maybe my tastes had changed.  Well y tastes hadn't changed, i was just eating a lot of crappy Mexican until I found this place.  My car dealer is down the road and I didn't want to wait there for service and then I found this place while walking by.  The chips are perfect.  Crispy, but still a bit of firmness to scoop up salsa.  The salsa has cilantro which I love.  If you think cilantro tastes like soap (it's genetic) I have no time for you.i ordered the mole poblano (chicken mole).  The chicken fresh, not like it had been cooked hours ago and dipped in mole at the last minute.  The decor is clean and bright.  I wouldn't even say I liked it because they Americanized it.  I think it's pretty authentic since I'm the only one in here who speaks English as a first languageThis place is great!
5	Best Mexican food in Charlotte Thursday's are $1 taco night!!!! Guacamole is fresh and very delicious! !!
5	This was a great find. I eat a LOT of tortilla chips, and theirs (free) were some of the best I've ever had. Hot, crispy, and strong enough to hold a hearty amount of salsa (also free), guacamole, and taco fillings. Speaking of tacos, I had the tacos barbacoa, pastor, and alambre. I'd never had the last one, and all were delicious. Most tacos are $1.85 each, and I probably could have been satisfied with just two (in addition to the chips and guac). I usually eat a lot, so that's saying something. I ended with sopapillas drizzled with strawberry syrup, which were also excellent, although I don't have a lot to compare them to.My beer was served with a frosted mug, which was a nice touch.Don't be put off by the huge sign in the front window warning that nobody is allowed in wearing masks or hoodies!
5	Out of control deeeeelicious!!!! This Mexican food Is more authentic than Mexican food in Arizona! Hahahaha seriously though... The mariachi was amazing, great service! Can't say enough!
5	We dined a few more times here and the food is still great. The molcajete is really a bargain and plenty of food for two even when split into a half order. Some tables are located near ceiling speakers and the music is lively so that might not be for everyone.
1	My wife and I ordered Tacos there which we ate at home for dinner. My wife had terrible food poisoning, but I was relatively fine, so I assumed it must have been something else she ate. I then ate the left overs (2 pork tacos) the following day and I too have food poisoning. As I ate, I noticed that meat came apart a little too easily and was slightly slimy. I thought that was just how it was cooked, but in retrospect, it had the texture of really old meat. Eat here with caution, especially during the days when they're not busy. They probably just keep reusing ingredients from previous days
1	Terrible service. The waitresses were downright rude. I don't know if it's because we're not Spanish speakers but seriously the service is pitiful. Food was good- but not good enough to deal with this. We will absolutely not be back.
1	The food was good, the service was ok, but the band was HORRIBLE! They came by our table and started singing which we thought was cute. They ended up staying by our table and although we thought it was a little weird we thought they were being romantic. After 6-7 songs we stopped them. Once we stopped them they charged us $120!!! We thought it was a joke but they were serious. They said that they charge for each song. We never once requested a song and we never once were told that they charge. We were so upset and they would not let us go. Finally we have them what we had which was about $80. However we will never ever be back here. I'm pretty sure they were doing the same thing to other tables. I mean what type of restaurant would allow such a thing? Needless to say that because of this i would not return.
2	This was my third - and likely last - visit to La Cazuelas. Previous visits were unremarkable, while this one miserably failed.The hostess seemed disappointed that we intended to eat in. The place was pretty full and the hour not late - not sure what that was about. Our server appeared to be seriously inconvenienced by my query regarding the availability of a fish taco (not on the menu - but hey, I'm just askin').This is a place where I have observed most of the clientele are offered the option of soup as their complimentary appetizer, but I have never been offered anything but the standard chips and salsa.We ordered the vegetarian burrito. It was stuffed with a strange assortment of vegetables, the likes of which I've never seen in a Mexican place. Cauliflower, carrots, snow peas, broccoli - wait, I recognize this combination! Good ol' frozen mixed vegetables. Yep, they even tasted a little bit freezer-burnt. They also had no additional seasoning that I could discern. The rice and beans were missing from the dinner, but by the time the server checked back with us we just wanted to finish up and head out, so we didn't ask them to correct that oversight.The good: the chips were fresh and hot, and the salsa was tasty. For this reason, La Cazuelas earns an extra star from this reviewer.
5	Delicious authentic Mexican food. Great service. pretty empty every time we've been but that almost makes it feel more special.
5	My wife and I are from southern California, so we need our Mexican food fix on a regular basis. Fonda is very authentic, not to mention extremely tasty. I had the 3 gorditas with lengua, al pastor and barbacoa, i also ordered an asada taco on the side (this was my test, the taco tells all when it comes to authenticity). The asada was fantastic and their tortillas are made fresh and taste delicious. the way they cook and season their meats is fantastic and can rival any taco truck in Los Angeles. My wife had the enchiladas rancheras which also delivered with really great taste and seasoning. Highly recommend.
