5	Great place!  Been very happy with the amenities and how new the property is.  Happy that their is security on property at night and my neighbors are very friendly and professionals.  The office people very accommodating and some of them go above and beyond.  Love specials and renewed for another 1 yr.
1	IF YOU ARE READING THIS, DO NOT SIGN A LEASE!!Our lease will be up in a few months and we couldn't be more happy. When we first moved in we noticed some ROACHES. We called the office and was told pest control would be out in a few days. My partner called them back and yelled at them to get someone out faster. It was finally taken care of, but that's how they think of their tenants. They wouldn't for a second live with ROACHES, but we were expected to.Another issue are the neighbors. They leave trash out and even have couches on their front porch. Management doesn't enforce any of the rules and are basically lazy.  Many people with dogs don't pick up the shit, and management just leaves it there too. There are also a million cigarette butts everywhere. In short it's a place that looks very nice, but is really just a dump that's too expensive. My advise would be to rent a nice house for the same price.
1	Do not move in!!This place has the thinnest walls ever.  You can hear your neighbors conversations.  The appliances are so loud.  The dryer shrinks and ruins all your clothes.  The carpets are cheap.  The place is a going down hill.   For what you pay in rent you can find something better.  Trust the reviews.  DO NOT MOVE IN.
1	This place sucks!!! I can hear my neighbor snoring and every word of their conversations. I payed more to be upstairs so I wouldn't have the noise problem...but it is still horrible. They have bug problems. The door to the gym is broken anyone could walk in. Security doesn't do anything. The management team sucks! At the beginning of our lease they told us we get 1 month free and could pro rate it throughout the 12 month lease. Making every month cheaper. So we did that. Every month I go into the office to pay rent they are confused saying that's not right and have to go check the files which takes way to much time. I've paid rent 10 times so by now they should understand what's going on. If they didn't want me to prorate the month they should have said that from the get go.They are no help whatsoever. I've called to get the ice maker fixed. The AC doesn't work in the master bedroom and they still haven't come to look at that. The appliances are so loud. Bottom line. I took the time to write this because you should NOT move into this place. For your own sanity go anywhere else!
1	My friends and I have been apt shopping today and we've seen quite a few. We drove by and decided to take a look around. We walked in, and after about a minute, a lady walked by and said that someone would be with us. This was said despite the fact that there were two other guys not doing anything when we walked in. She ended up coming back shortly simply saying "hi guys" and not even offering her name nor asking for ours. She was trying to figure out what we were looking for which is standard, it seems. But when I responded to the question of what my "ideal apartment" would have, she simply said "oh, okay". She didn't mention that they had or didn't have the things I was wanting. What was the point of asking me then? The grounds were nice and the pool area was a bit better than some I've seen. The apartment itself looked like the Domain and Dwell Apts, which we were told that the current company bought it from them. I know it was WestCorp, because the brochure still had their info on it. Other than that, she didn't try to get me to leave anything to hold an apartment or offer up any other info that might be helpful. I was asked if there were any other questions I had. I didn't even have motivation to ask. I was done. Not impressed. If that is how a non-resident was treated, I can completely agree with the other bad reviews I've seen for this property. Good luck!
1	If ONLY there were 0 stars! so glad to be out of this dump solely because of the incompetent management. Believe the negative reviews! The old staff & WestCorp were beyond professional & accomodating. However, everything went downhill as soon as they were bought out.   Glad to be out & good riddance South BLVD!!
5	We moved here from Miami in March (formerly from Chicago). I am baffled at all of the negative reviews. When I first started the process of moving to South Blvd the complex was owned by Westcorp and the assistance we got was less than stellar, after a month of dealing with them the complex was bought out by the current owners and it has been the best place we have ever lived. Arjay and Bernadette were more than helpful when we were apartment shopping from 2300 miles away. We have now lived here for 9 months and couldn't ask for more. Every time we walk into the office whether to use the community computers, get fresh coffee, or just talk with the staff it's extremely upbeat. We have never had any problems. Our only complaint is that two of the great staffing team are now at new locations and we miss them (Arjay and Mark). In the 9 months we have lived here I have found a total of 4 bugs, 2 of which were in our boxes from storage in Miami. The only complaint I could understand is that the walls are fairly thin, however that's what you get when you live in an apartment complex and that the office is always busy (this cannot be helped by management at all). Usually the staff is running around trying to assist every single person (many many many showings a day). The grounds are always kept up, and I love that the office throws many get togethers and parties in the summer to bring people in the complex together as a "community" feeling. As for the guy that complained about the dryer shrinking his clothes...I feel real bad for him when he moves to a new place only to realize that if you don't know how to do laundry this will be a common issue.
