4	It's an old building but very good for its price.  We got it for $39 a night.  They even had breakfast, which is a plus.  Not every Red Roof Inn provides breakfast.  They had bananas, apples, waffles, muffins, apple and orange juice.  The front desk person was very nice.They even have an indoor gym and outdoor swimming pool.Only issue I had was that the smoking and non-smoking rooms were in the same hallway.  They should really separate it.  The hallway still smells like smoke.In terms of the room, we had a couch in ours and that was a plus.  The shower tub was HUGE because it was the jacuzzi type tubs and the jacuzzi jets still work!  A lot of other Red Roof Inns, their shower tubs are really small.  Some corners of the carpets weren't properly installed and you see some water stains on the walls.  You do get what you paid for but in terms of what you get for what you pay for, it's definitely worth staying here again.  I would recommend this place.Pets are allowed.
4	Thought it was comfortable and great!
1	This place sucks:First I got a good price, but wouldn't stay again.The place wasn't clean, the bed light required you to get out of bed to turn on/off. some lights didn't work.  the bed was bad even for a discount place.  The place smelled.  The Coffee in the morning was weak and cold.  Not warm it was cold.  The other food looked suspect, I didn't go near it.  I had to shove the door shut to make it close.  The pool was bad.  I give up, I could go on a little more.
1	Checked in and out within minutes! Filthy room, hair on bed, red ants, dirty walls... Would not recommend...
4	As far as a Hotel it was 3 stars, but the staff at the front Desk was 5 Stars.  Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The Continental breakfast was worth skipping except for coffee.  The Gentleman working the desk late afternoon made a great suggestion for dinner to be delivered and placed the call to the restaurant for me. I travel a lot and the service I received was better than I receive at much higher priced hotels.  Great value for the price. Nothing Fancy but everything seemed in working order and presentable. The Fridge in the room was a plus.   I would definately book this hotel again when in the area.
1	No!!!  Local Police told us it's the heroin capital of Charlotte.  Crack, meth, prostitutes & homocides - checked out immediately.  Not worth our lives to save a few bucks.
4	Great experience staying here. Needed a place close to the airport with free WiFi and breakfast. Andre at the front desk was fantastic; very welcoming. It was storming like mad outside, (sheets of rain, thunder and lightning,) and he offered multiple times to help me get out to my car - dry - to get my things in. I really appreciated his genuine courtesy. Remembering my name, asking if all is well and if more could be done to make me comfortable - without crossing that line into creepy. The room was clean and comfortable, and it's always nice to get free breakfast in the morning. I'll try to stay here again my next time through town.
3	Clean facility and rooms.  I've stayed at this facility before.  Decent place for the money.Only downside was their breakfast - stale bagels and very limited items.No water for redicard members.
