4	Why do I hate traveling you ask? Well, it's because you forget things that you use on a daily basis upsetting your daily routine. While some people will just make do without needed items, I must go out and replace item with equal or just lesser quality. Enter Walgreens.Luckily, this Walgreens was just down the street from our hotel and I was able to get my toiletries and get back to my room without too much of a disruption.The cashier was really nice telling us about their upcoming store promotions. When we told her we were from out of town she asked us to let others who might be interested know about them. And the way she did it was not pushy or overbearing, but more of a community service which was cool.
4	This one hardly ever has more than a handful of people here, which is great when you just want to get in and out of there. The customers don't seem to be of the criminal type, which is another plus. Good selection of gift cards. Convenient for groceries, candy, cards, photos, cough drops, and drinks.
3	I have been here lots of times in the last few years that I have lived in Vegas and I have never had an issue. The staff is very friendly, even the security guards they have there because the surroundings of this location attracts a lot of homeless folk. I think every time I have gone I have encountered at least one. The pharmacy staff is even nicer. They are quick and if anything is wrong they call you immediately. I really like their new text system where they text you if your prescriptions are ready. Their prices are always pretty good and their selection decent. I like this one because I can get in and out in no time. There is never anyone there when I go, sooo nice. I would not really get any grocery items at a Walgreens only because I prefer Target which is in the same shopping center. I usually go for the pharmacy, photo center, and to pick up quick items if needed, nothing special. I like the photo center because I can use the machine to order pictures I want from a cd, flash drive, etc., and they are out by the time I get done getting my meds or whatever I am there for. It is nice when I can get in and out without issues.
2	Review for the pharmacy. Over the past two weeks, I've had to get prescriptions here a number of times for myself and with a friend. On most times the line for the pharmacy was long and twice I was told there would be a wait of two hours. Is there anyway they can a bit more efficient? One of my prescriptions I dropped off to pick up later I had stated that I wanted a particular brand, and had them write it down. When I came back to get the medication, it was a different brand. I had to wait another 30 minutes to get the right brand of medication. I think that there needs to be a bit better communication between the techs and the pharmacist.
3	Its in a weird part of town so there's usually a bum or two panhandling outside but the security guard usually takes care or them. The staff at night is weird, more so the security guard. I like that the pharmacy is 24hrs but hate the staff. They're friendly but I always feel like they're judgmental to everyone because they get a lot of pharmaceutical fraud and druggies who fill up there. I'm just a college student trying to get my medication. The one of the female pharmacists in particular ticks me off. Shes never been nice to me and I always feel like she rushes me when I'm asking questions. Other than that the place is always clean and its convenient.
1	This is the most incompetent pharmacy I've ever encountered. Time and time again I've been hung up on and talked to very rudely. I've also tried to trust them to fax my doctor's office when needed and they say they will..but they don't.. so I'm often left with wondering if I'll be able to get my prescription on time. I'm beyond frustrated and annoyed with this location and will be looking for another one. Don't even get me started on the lines. There are maybe 2 good people but the rest of the bad apples have completely spoiled the bunch.
4	A 24 hour pharmacy is crazy.   The staff was friendly and professional. I waited in line behinds 4-5 people but it went fast. This beats the CVS down the road that asked me to wait when nobody was in front of me.
4	24hr Pharmacy. Is money. This location also carries a durable iPhone 5 charger / mini USB that u can't find anywhere else!
3	You landed at McCarran and due to the TSA restrictions you realize dang, I forgot my eye drops and since it's a desert out here your eyes dry out fast. Or you might want to pick up some stuff for the mother of all hangovers you're going to have from exploring the Strip all night. If your cab driver doesn't long haul you through the airport tunnel and goes North instead this Walgreens location might be worth stopping at. It's not on the Strip so you don't pay Strip prices, but it's also a straight drive down Flamingo to the middle of the Strip for easy access to the Flamingo, the Quad, and the Cromwell when your done. And this Walgreens is a 24 hour location so if you had to you can do a one time scrript transfer if you really forgot something you can't be without (but be prepared to wait and wait, and wait some more for the pharamcists to make that happen). 3 Stars. Some people consider any area outside of Summerlin to be sketchy...and yes there are homeless people around. Get in, get out, mind your business and you won't have any issues shopping here.
3	This is a busy location, but I've always been able to find what I'm looking for. I filled a prescription and I received a text saying it was ready 15 minutes later! I honestly expected to be waiting for a longer period of time.  This store has your typical Vegas style shirts,shot glasses,cosmetics,and snacks. It get's the job done and that's how I like it
1	Called to transfer a prescription from Cost-Co and got put through the worst experience ever between being placed on hold and the rude woman whom I spoke with who was not interested in helping me transfer my prescriptions to Walgreens.  Very condescending attitude and hung up on me.  Will never do business with this Walgreens again and am getting everyone I know to stop doing business with this store on Maryland Pkwy & Flamingo.  Very poor customer service skills.
1	Don't expect quick service at THIS location when you have to buy a CAT pass or a few items. 4 registers and theres ALWAYS an issue tying up the service. And the moronager is NOWHERE! The pass SHOULD NOT take all day to get if they keep it in a close place like THE FREAKING OFFICE OR CHECKOUT! Remind me to find other places that have 15 days ONLY! The place is clean butthe service and transaction time needs improvement ASAP and a manager who knows MORE about customer service! GO BACK TO RETRAIN DUDE!
1	I've been going to this walgreens pharmacy for about a year now and EVERYTIME I go to pick up my prescriptions there's ALWAYS an issue and always takes forever!!! I understand it's a busy location and dealing with insurances isn't always easy.. But the quality of customer service and empathy from the staff is extremely poor. Will not be returning to this pharmacy after every single visit being a hassle.
