5	After my long time esthetician needed to refocus on getting healthy (she's now a cancer survivor!) and quit the industry back in April, it was a mad dash to find a new esthetician (mainly for brow waxing).  Now less than 3 months out from my wedding, I refused to go back to the "Nail Places" and get anorexic brows again. So since May, I've gone without getting my brows waxed. Tweezing (You pluck a chicken, you tweeze your brows folks!), kept me from looking like Chewbacca, but it was seriously time to bite the bullet and try someone new. Thank goodness my friend Jana, who works in a directly related industry, heard my silent plea, because she directed me to Rio Waxing Salon! I had my first waxing session yesterday and Liz was wonderful. I enjoyed the experience so much that I decided to pay for a series of 11 (since I was a first time client, I ended up getting 3 free).  And I already have my next appointment scheduled for next month. The location is very cute, and somewhat hidden/secluded. You blink and you miss it! The staff is awesome and friendly. I look forward to returning! On a side note - I guess my tweezing didn't help much because someone here at work commented a little while ago...OH you found a new waxer and got your brows waxed!? arwrawrarwarwrarrwrarrwr (my wookie sound) LOL
5	I went in this past Friday for my 2nd brow waxing of my 11 brow series.  I purposely booked with Danielli this time.  All I can say is, she is AMAZING (not to mention ultra friendly) and a perfectionist like my previous esthetician!  She truly is, "The Queen of Waxing!"
4	I am a brow junkee and can't stand salons that do the "universal" brow wax and don't take the client's personality and style into consideration. That said, I have tried several places in this area and have not been satisfied. I tried Rio today (Kelly) and thought she was wonderful and thorough. It has a nice, welcoming, non-snobby atmosphere. I will be back. It is the best value for service that I have found. Also... they did a same day appointment which is a HUGE plus for me.It received only 4 stars because, although it is the going rate in the area, I really think that $15 is too much for a brow wax.
5	A beautiful and quaint addition to Suddenly Slimmer!  I just wrote a review on Suddenly slimmer so felt that I needed to rate Rio as well!  I love coming here as well just for the quiet, but fun feel of it.  It has a different vibe than SS.  It's a great place to come in if you don't have a lot of time and want to be in and out for your wax... Dannielli does my brow waxes here and she is a genius with brows!!   You can get them cheaper elsewhere, but they will not be as good ( I learned the hard way)!!  You will feel very comfortable here.
5	Picture this: It's early, you're cranky, you haven't had any coffee yet. Somehow, before heading to work, you find yourself on a gurney with no pants on. That was my morning.I headed to Rio this morning to get a Brazilian. Not the most peaceful start to a day. Sara was my esthetician and she was beyond amazing. She was gentle, efficient and absolutely hysterical. She kept me laughing throughout my 45 minutes of genital torture. I almost forgot why I had no pants on and a woman between my legs...that's how much fun we were having!Sara is a total pro and a perfectionist. She made the whole process feel natural and not-so-awkward. Which, believe me, is hard to do when you're face deep in...well, you know.I'll be back to Rio! Sara is a true gem!!
4	Got a groupon- as did many many many other people for a bikini & eyebrow wax.  I made my appt over the phone.  The place was super busy so I didn't get one until the next week.  It's cool... so long as I didn't have to wait forever.When arriving there I drove right past it.... it's shaded with lots of trees and is at the end of a narrow driveway behind another small building.  I was seen by Skye for the wax.  She did a pretty good job on my bikini wax.  I have no complaints there.  But as far as my eyebrow wax goes... it doesn't really look like she took anything off.  I told her that the last time I had them done they took off way too much so I think she was afraid to do anything to it.  So I'm pretty disappointed with the eyebrow wax... but I made another appt for my bikini.
4	Where do i begin...So i almost almost almost missed the entrance because its like a cute house tucked away towards the back. So that is the first thing when trying to find this place look out for their little stand up ad outside promoting their first time clients Full body wax promo.Second thing to make sure you pay attention to with careful careful precaution. I was fully aware that suddenly slimmer was somehow incorporated with Rio wax salon BUT i had no idea that if you went onto suddenly slimmers website and booked through them would somehow save you an appointment at Rio Wax salon. So if you cancel an appointment through suddenly slimmer and call Rio wax salon and book an appointment you are actually making two appointments. So save yourself the trouble and choose one. :)I was very lucky enough to squeeze into an opening earlier than what i thought i was scheduled for being there 45 minutes early(to buy the numbing gel) .  I was brought back to the room after a few minutes after applying the numbing gel in the bathroom into a cute room to the left with Kelly who is extremely nice, informative, made me feel at ease and was able to talk too her  the whole time which is always a huge plus in my book.  Lets talk about my first Brazilian wax shall we?Its like a tattoo...well...a couple hour process tattoo in one sitting but squished into 15-30 minutes. It is not that bad until the area starts getting tender from laying there being stripped away at for a couple minuets. I thank god for the numbing gel i don't know how much worse the pain could have been but it was not the worst feeling in my life. Just slightly uncomfortable. Which is expected.Lastly the pricing. pricing is decent. i would definitely pay 40-45 dollars each time for a professional to do it right and try their best and make me feel at ease every time. i ended up spending way more than i expected but with the membership, the wax service(didn't get my complimentary brow wax) the numbing gel, and some roll on ingrown hair protector alcoholy smelling stuff came out to 154 with tax.  double what i expected and some. I will definitely be there once the time comes for my next waxing appointment which i will call in advance from now on and not book online. I hope this helps any of you who have a million questions like i usually have about new places. :)
5	I've had brow and bikini waxes in the past, and decided it was finally time to try other waxing services. Rio Wax Salon is well known in the valley and had great reviews, plus they also offered a Brazilian wax for $19.50 for first timers, so I scheduled an appointment. The little salon is tucked away and easy to find. Kelly was a great technician - friendly, quick and professional. The position in which I was sitting made me feel a little silly, but overall it was a good experience. Sure, a little painful, but not nearly as bad as I had anticipated. And I also had a 1/2 leg wax done during the same appointment. I would recommend the salon and Kelly to anyone and the waxing (both Brazilian and 1/2 leg), for me, was definitely a positive experience.
5	I mean, who actually ENJOYS going to get waxed?  It hurts and is annoying and you have a relative stranger poking around at your business for 20-30 minutes.  I went to Rio for the first time and would absolutely recommend it hands down over any other wax place in the valley!  I didn't have the famed Danielli but my waxologist Sara was amazing!  She had me laughing the entire time which is hard when the anticipation has your reflexes on high alert.  Sara was also great to talk about what I was looking for so I didn't walk away with too much taken off or too little.Since I was a first time client I got a nice deal but even without the special pricing the prices are great for the quality of service.  They even offer a membership that offers a discount for frequent waxers, bulk session pricing and a frequent customer punch card.  I really look forward to my next visit which is prob the first time I have ever said that about waxing.  Keep up the great work ladies, if i could give you 5+ stars i would!
4	Brazilian waxing is rather intimate to say the least, but the ladies at Rio do a great job of making you feel comfortable. My esthetician's name was Kelly and she did a wonderful job of making me feel at ease in a rather awkward and painful time, as well as a beautiful, clean job downstairs! I also have very sensitive skin and my skin did not react too badly to the wax they use at this salon. The prices are the best I have seen in town; I will be back in for sure!
4	This place is in walking distance from my house and they had a smartshooper deal for 50% off a month ago. I was in like Flynn. Had Cassandra who I must say might be the best waxer I have encountered in Phoenix. She also does nails at their sister etablishment Suddenly Slimmer.  I have been here twice for waxing services and it has been very good and competitive in price. Cassandra is only at Suddenly Slimmer now : ( for a lil extra I would try her out.
5	WOW, is how I can describe this cute little place.I have gotten my brows PERFECTLY shaped by Dannielli, and she does an absolutely amazing job. This small salon is a great addition to Suddenly Slimmer. The atmosphere is great with upbeat and relaxing music, cute secluded area, and a very tropical feel. Staff is always great, and Dannielli is such a sweet person! Would recommend this salon to anyone looking to get their brows waxed. Though, I have never done anything other than my brows, I'm sure their other services are just as great.
1	Do not use! The Salon staff were nice, but the business practices are not. I bought a Groupon that the spa director refused to honor. I was not permitted to speak with the spa director only given a number that was not answered nor were my calls returned. Shame on you Rio Wax Salon.
5	First timer! I would like to say that I did the brazilian wax, but sadly I did not dare to. I actually saw a deal on facebook last Friday before heading out to the valley (from Tucson). All waxing services were 20% off! So I scheduled two appointments. One for my sister's underarms and one for half of my hairy legs. I was told Danielli was booked out until the second week of October and that Kelly who was trained by her, was pretty fast and had openings that same day. This was super convenient for us. I called at around 2 pm to set up an appointment and was at their location by 4 pm ready to be waxed. Liliana the receptionist was very kind on the phone and mentioned the discount on their facebook page without me bringing it up. Kelly took my sister back first and was done in less than ten minutes. My sister said, "she is fast, dude don't even worry about it, she'll make you laugh". And that she did! Kelly is so friendly and down to earth, no negative vibes here at all from the staff. I did not experience any pain, and our conversation kept my mind off of what I thought would be an experience to regret. I would definitely recommend scheduling with Kelly. Friendly, fast and professional. Final product=smooth legs, no bumps or redness. Total price $38-$24 half legs, $14 underarms
1	Don't even think about being late to your appointment!Let me preface this by saying I am not a big fan of suddenly slimmer who owns Rio Wax. I used to go there quite often but after being treated so rudely several times, I decided to spend my money elsewhere. I purchased a groupon for Rio Wax & was excited that Danielli opened her own place because she was the only good thing about suddenly slimmer. Of course everyone else feels the same way so it is nearly impossible to get an appt with her. The first few times I went to Rio Wax, I had as much of a pleasant experience as one can have when she gets a wax service. The people were nice, I was satisfied with the results, it was kind-of pricey but overall worth it. This last visit reminded me of being at Suddenly Slimmer all over again. I scheduled an appointment 3 weeks in advance as I prepared for a vacation to Cabo. I called on my way to let them know I would be 5 - 10 minutes late since there was an accident by my house & I would have to go a different route. The girl on the phone told me they may not be able to hold my appointment because they had back to back appointments. This surprised me considering I was doing the courteous thing by calling ahead & it was not something I had any control over. She put me on hold & came back & said that would be fine. She failed to mention there was construction on Indian School Road & you could not make a left turn onto 32nd street. Anyway, by the time I made it through that mess, I was a whopping 7 minutes late. I walked in & apologized. The receptionist then proceeds to tell me the esthetician may or may not be able to complete my entire wax. I nearly dropped my jaw. I don't know about you but I have sat in that waiting room plenty of times because they were behind & never once complained & this was the answer I get for being 7 minutes late! If this was such a problem, then offer an alternative time. It wouldn't have thrilled me to have to go back later but it was better than offering me a partial wax!I voiced all of this & reminded them that there are plenty of other salons in this city. I'm in the customer service industry & I understand things don't always work out the way we would like & it is not always easy to accommodate everyone but at least find an alternative solution. If you look at Suddenly Slimmers reviews, you would think Rio Wax would want to build a better name for themselves.
5	I went to Rio Wax salon for the first time yesterday and got a Brazilian wax by Kelly. She did a great job -- definitely one of the most thorough waxes I have gotten before.It's a bit expensive, much more than what I pay at my usual lady in LA, but I was in a time crunch and needed an appointment ASAP. Kelly is fast, thorough, and a great person to chat with. She makes an uncomfortable and painful situation fly by! Definitely recommend. :)
5	Rio is adorable and provides a little oasis that feels as clean and professional as Suddenly Slimmer but like it is your own private spa! Dannielli is, of course, the amazing! And I would gladly prepare 3 weeks in advance to have her expert waxing skills but I have had others and I have not left unhappy. It started as a neighborhood choice, many years ago, to go to Suddenly Slimmer but the kindness and skill of Dannielli has held me and Rio is definitely a piece of her! I wouldn't recommend any other place and I now live in East Mesa but will gladly fork over the gas moneyand travel time  to know I am going to be happy with the experience!
1	Buyer Beware--advertised price is not actual price.First, if I was rating just the quality of my service, this would be 4 star place.  Alexis the esthetician would be 5 stars, front desk 4 because althought they were great and friendly at my appointment, they outdid themselves when I called to make the appointment.  After I was all booked, they spent a full 3 minutes soliciting me about all the great products I should purchase along with giving me Danielli's life story.  It was way overkill and made me wonder what over the top sales tactics they would use once I was actually there in the flesh.  But, the main reason I will never be going back to Rio starts even before that call was made, back at the advertised price on their website:-------------------------------Women's BrazillianFirst Visit     Complimentary Expert Brow Design for first time clients!  Must mention special when booking. $49------------------------------Lots of salons run specials like this so I didn't think it was very out of the ordinary and since I was a first time client, getting a brazillian, I went ahead and mentioned it when I was booking.  Flash forward to when I was checking out, I was charged $55, which was the single wax price.  I informed them that I was a first time client and should be getting the $49 special to which I was informed...."Oh, it is $49 if you didn't get the eyebrows, but with the eyebrows it is our single visit price, $55.  It is still a better deal than if you had gotten eyebrows and brazillian."  What happened to the COMPLIMENTARY "expert brow design" or were you just blowing smoke up my...?  Oh, you were.If Rio had worded the actual deal correctly on their website services/pricing list, I wouldn't had opted for it even thought it was a "better deal."  I had my eyebrows waxed 3 weeks ago and I'm not a wooly mammoth.  Alexis barely had anything to do on my brows.However, when all is said and done, it isn't the $6 I got charged for an eyebrow wax that is the reason I won't be coming back.  It is the doubt that experience created about the intergrity of the company--if they do one thing unethically right in front of my face to make a quick $6, what other corners are they willing to cut in terms of quality, service or even sanitation.  There are way too many great spas/salons to throw away your hard earned Jacksons' at this place.
2	I have corse thick hair and sensitive skin so I found a place in the valley that used hard wax. Well when I mentioned this to Alexis she commented on how she usually doesn't use hard wax for the entire brazilian. I insisted that is what I wanted and we started. I do not have the upper pubic region waxed because I get a lot of red bumps and pimples. I instructed her where to wax and she still waxed too high on my sides and i got a rash. She obviously wasn't not very experienced with the hard wax because it hurt more than normal and she had to use scissors at multiple points to get it off. I'm pretty sure she cut me too because I was bleeding in those spots afterwards. She said it was because hard wax was difficult in those areas. Which is not the case because I have had hard wax done all over many other times and it was not a problem. Plus she basically made feel like it was my fault for wanting the hard wax. Eventually I just let her use the soft wax which hurt too! I know it doesn't feel great I've it done many times. But I have it done enough to know she was inexperienced and doesn't listen to her clients.
5	Score another one for yelp reviews. Have been looking for a good Salon ever since moving here from back East. I followed the yelp reviews to my new SALON!!! Staff friendly - best wax ever!! Will be back Highly recommend :)
3	Every time I move, I have to figure out a new waxing salon. I was at European Wax Center and wasn't happy with the constant change and the inability to create the perfect brow. I started coming to Rio about a year ago. I've had several of the aestheticians but really like Daniellii the best.  I typically schedule ahead 3-4 weeks to make sure I can get in an appointment with her.   I only get brows waxed so am only speaking to this service.  She always does a great job on brows and is extremely professional, friendly, and extremely intelligent in skin-care, etc. She has talked about attending professional conferences on a regular basis, which is valuable for any profession.  I know I can always get an expert opinion on the products they sell and/or skin care issues I may have.  The front desk staff members are always friendly and helpful. They also call ahead one day to remind us of our appointments, which is nice.  They have a few deals you can get, like buy six waxes, get one free or buy nine and get two free, etc.The problem is, I have had my appointments canceled at least four times in this year.  They often helpfully reschedule them, but once I was even called just 15 mins before my appointment began! Since I live 8 miles away, I was already on my way to the salon.  Since Danielli is very popular, there are other things going on, so I have had my appointments canceled several times.  Also, even if the appointment person tells you to go to Rio Wax or Suddenly Slimmer, call that day, because sometimes it has changed. I have showed up to Rio Wax, since I was told that is where the appointment was...but redirected to Suddenly Slimmer.
3	Here's the thing: You HAVE to get Danelli to get the great results that some of these reviews promise.  She is, in fact, as fantastic as everyone says she is... but many of the people at Rio are not (I have now been there 3 times and have only been totally satisfied with her work). Because she is the "Queen of Waxing" in the Valley, her appointments are hard to secure.  Additionally, make SURE you confirm where you are going for your appointment with her.  I showed up at Rio and was directed to Suddenly Slimmer--which is a few blocks away.They're very big on pushing their packages.
5	Short & sweet (like the service)- 2nd Brazillian wax, ever.  1st time at Rio Wax - came because of the high reviews.- Aesthetician: Danielli.  From the moment she introduced herself, I was put at ease.  Throughout the quick (yet very careful & professional) procedure, she was amazing.  Friendly, energetic, understanding...almost forgot why I was there (other than the obvious).  I don't think I've felt this comfortable even at a hair salon!- Price: $65 for the service with Danielli.  I was told that since she's the owner, special offers & general pricing doesn't apply.  I can't speak to the other aestheticians (though the reviews are informative), but her service is worth it.- Extras: just a note for pregnant women...a doctor note is needed if you'd like the numbing gel prior to the service.  I didn't mention I was pregnant, and thus arrived without a doctor's note (but mentally prepared for some pain relief).  Danielli was as quick, and careful, as possible and the pain was very manageable.  I credit this to her technique & her "bedside manner".  MANY THANKS DANIELLI!
1	Went there to use a Groupon for a brazillian wax & was advised I needed to give my drivers license for them to photocopy so they could make sure I was indeed the person on the Groupon.  I told the receptionist I didn't want her to take a photocopy of my license and she could just check it against my name on the Groupon.  She told me "everyone who uses Groupon does this" I told her they don't the only other place this has ever happened was Suddenly Slimmer Salon, found out it their other salon.  When I told her I did not want her to take a photocopy of my license again as Suddenly Slimmer has it as well, she talked over me telling me the same thing again about "Everyone who uses Groupon does this" I had to tell her to stop talking over me.  She was rude and unnecessarily confrontational. I was ontime for my appointment, my waxer, Theresa was 15 minutes late.  She was nice & professional, I thought she was thorough as she seemed to down there a lot.  I got home and discovered there were still a lot of hair left in the leg crease.  Not happy with the service and I will definately never go there again and advise others to be wary if using a Groupon.
2	Everyone was very friendly. I have been getting waxed for months now and I am very displeased this last time. I had red bumps for hours that turned normal colored the next day. My skin is not smooth but raised and there are still many hairs left. Worst brazilian I have ever had and I will not be returning.
1	See my tip below. I will never return.  I wish I could get my money back along with the skin on my forehead. It will take two months for my eyebrows to grow back. I will stick to Beautiful eye in Scottsdale, I will go there tomorrow to get my brows corrected. Don't fall for groupon deal.
3	I made an appointment with Danielli after seeing her on the news and I figured she would do something out of this world since she is pretty much advertised everywhere. I go in and the salon which is Suddenly Slimmer Spa, is very clean and zen. I liked the vibe. I anxiously waited for my turn. Danielli came and got me; she is very sweet and down to earth. She made me feel at ease by engaging in conversation and getting very personable with me. As she is doing my eyebrows, I am praying they come out nicely since I was gonna visit my boyfriend soon. So she finished them, and I liked them. Did I love them? No. She did mention it would take a few waxes with her to get my eyebrows to where they should be bbbbuuuuutttt the price is a bit much and this is where they lost their stars from me. I would love to come back, but as a broke student I can't afford $30 for wax every 4 weeks. $30!? I mean the brazillian costs $50 and that takes a lot more wax, work, and time than an eyebrow and it is only $20 more. I've been happy with several places where I have paid $15-20, but $30 for a few hairs is a little overpriced. My eyebrows were nice, but not $30 nice. Also, I did not like the fact that they do not offer anything for first time customers. Will I be back? Maybe when I am not a broke ass college girl.
5	This is the only place I trust to do my waxing services. They have a nice relaxing facility with friendly and skilled staff.  I've been to a few other salons and the European Wax chain (horror show!), nothing compares in quality or comfort.
5	If you have to have a person all up in your girl bits to help you wax then you need that person to be Dannielli  at Suddenly Slimmer/Rio Wax Salon.  She is the undisputed Queen of Waxing, and I first 'met' her back in 2004 when she gave me my first proper waxing.  She truly knows her technique (she actually IS Brazilian), she knows her wax and she's sincere and friendly too.  It's like having your most trusted girlfriend helping you out with your girl bits when you go see her, there is no awkwardness and she just keeps the conversation flowing so well that you *almost* don't think about on what's going on with your Southern landscaping...  Simply put she is the best in all of Arizona at this kind of thing, and while she is probably not accepting new waxing clients (I know that because she told me last night), she is so good that it bears repeating from me that she remains the Queen of Waxing.
3	I went here twice for a Brazilian wax and don't think I will come back. I have been getting waxes for over 5 years which I told the waxer early on in our conversation. Despite telling her this she kept talking down to me in a really bizarre way as if I don't understand skincare or the process of a Brazilian wax. She kept giving me weird play by plays of every step. I guess I'm more used to a more casual environment. Overall the whole vibe was too stuffy in general for me. Also don't like how hard they try to sell you on products (which is part of the job I know). Not my cup of tea and my waxer in Tucson was much more thorough and much more friendly!
