2	I'm not even close to considering myself a "club" type of guy, so my classifications for those sorts of places usually fall under 'tolerable" to "less tolerable." Suede is definitely "less tolerable" than most to me. Drinks are expensive, but I expected that. The vibe is uptight and bordered on aggressive when I was there, and you'll see plenty of Hummers parked outside (take what you will from that. Though, in fairness, the same parking areas are used for Suede, Axis, and PCL). The dudes with orange-glo tans and cheezy facial hair could've been a one-night only appearance, but somehow I doubt it.
4	I enjoyed our night at Suede.  My husband I got there early and grabbed a few drinks ($4 Trump Vodka drinks- sa-weet!) and headed out to the patio.  I really liked the design of the place, especially the huge outdoor area.  Since we got there early in the night there wasn't a DJ playing yet and the only other patrons were two other young men.  As the night went on the crowd grew ever more interesting- from the undergrads that shared a table with us to the large group of 30/40 something men at the next table to what I would call here in Boston "fashionably challenged" girls and meathead boys.  The DJ started around 10 and man, it brought me right back to my sophomore year in college.  (Circa 2000-2001)  He was spinning all the hits from 7 years ago!  Not that I didn't enjoy my sophomore year, it was awesome, it was just not expected.   Once again, it was another place in Scottsdale where we only spent about $50 or so on drinks for the night.All in all though I did enjoy Suede and my husband and I will definitely be returning.
3	I had a pretty good time here, but nothing spectacular.  There are two bars, a small dance floor, some booths and tables around the edge of the place and an outdoor patio.  We came on a Saturday night to have drinks and early dinner.  We ordered the lobster potstickers, crab wontons, and bbq chicken flatbread.  I loved the lobster potstickers - they were awesome.  The bbq flatbread was really flavorful and was a huge portion.  The music being played was just alright and no one was really dancing by the time we left around 11:45pm.  Suede isn't one of my favorites, but I did have a nice time.
3	I love the large patio at this downtown Scottsdale hot spot. It's swarming with young and fashionable people on the weekend nights. Inside a DJ spins hip-hop and rock club bangers while people mingle over colorful martinis. The food is also delicious! Suede is a good place to start the night, but I wouldn't recommend making it your all-night plan.
4	I have never sweat so much as I have when I go to the dance floor at Suede.  Everyone is literally on top of each other and usually too drunk to notice, so if youre not in that frame of mind yet, I recommend that you head out to the patio and start shooting whatever "that guy" is buying.  Suedes got a cool atmosphere inside and out, especially if you can go on a night where you can actually see whats what, and has great food if you can get in before the masses take over.  They play hip hop after 11 on the weekends, theres cover for guys and not girls, and a dresscode as well.  Drinks are pricey but average for Scottsdale, watch out for doubles of Grey Goose.  Standard Scottsdale bar...  Good times.
3	I actually got great bar service here at an event recently. A Scottsdale bar full of silicon and gym beefcake is usually hard to compete against. But I learned this middle aged gay guy with a receding hairline can hold his own against the vacuous Scottsdale hipsters. Of course it didn't hurt that I purposefully over tipped on my first round and realized if you step real hard, ever so slyly, on some bitches big toe, she tends to move out of the way. I thought the lay of the land (no pun intended, no, actually, pun intended) was pretty dang cool. The fire stands on the patio were awesome. Comfortable furniture strewn about was a nice place to plop after trying to keep up with the hip hop music. What no Pet Shop Boys or Cyndi Lauper. Damn! I ran up a pretty hefty bar tab...$140...no big surprise there. I mean on the prices people. Not on the quantity consumed. And certainly I was buying drinks for others. So, I won't go out of my way to go here, but adaptable Sagitarriun that I am, I can kick it anywhere and have a good time.
3	Better than Axis and Myst combined (rating wise), however, still too snobby and pretentious for my taste.   I've had fun there a couple of nights but most of the time it's so crowded you can hardly move.  It's a narrow club, very small, you really have to squeeze yourself through the crowd, and dancing is almost impossible at this size. I'll give it three stars because I might have had a couple of good nights there, but I'll probably never go again.
4	My husband and I ventured to Suede Saturday evening after dinner with Kristin S., Ashley A., their husbands, and another couple. I had so much fun...so much in fact that I remember leaving Suede and walking to the car, but don't remember actually getting into the car or getting home :)Suede is across the street from Axis-Radius and has a great outdoor patio area. Getting in was a bit disorganized...people were just crowded around with no clear line which was a little annoying especially since we were all ready to get inside, get drinks, listen to music and hang out.  There is no cover for ladies and it's $10 for guys. There are two bars inside which is a nice touch and service at the bar was incredibly quick each time I went up there. The music is great and there were tons of songs played that I love and got us dancing...unfortunately they only played the first part of each song and then changed it mid-song to the next....very annoying after awhile.  Drinks were reasonably priced as a rum and coke was $7 and domestic beer bottles were $4. Of course, as it is in Scottsdale, the people watching is awesome especially on the patio.  I will definitely return to Suede.
4	I really like the atmosphere of Suede. On New Year's Eve I was suckered into that three club pass for Suede, Myst and Axis/Radius. I would have been perfectly happy spending all night at Suede. I think that place is laid back and high energy, depending on what you want to do. You can dance or you can lounge. The bartender gave my friends and me a free shot, which was awesome. I'll def go back when I get the chance.
3	I thought Suede was alright.When we arrived at 10:30, it was pretty sparse...that's mainly why we went here first. The drinks weren't too expensive, and the bar service was really friendly.I loved the atmosphere...this place would be really great to take a date. There are little sitting areas off in the corner, and also high tables throughout the space where you can stand and put your drink down and chat. The dancing pole in the corner was fun...I didn't try it but some girls did, and it added a fun and sexy mood to the place. There was red lighting, and it wasn't pitch black, which was nice. The only reason why my friends and I left, was because it was a serious Sausage Fest. We actually wondered if it was a Gay night at Suede. The ratio of men to women was 20:1. Also, the DJ was playing music a little too loud for a bar. My friend and I were screaming over the music. The outside patio is nice, and its sort of romantic as well.Bring your date here, but otherwise, Suede is just okay.
3	I don't really know what to say. I'm not really a club kind of guy but being from LA  the club scene always seems a big deal and its always such a scene. Its always a hassle to go out and you have to be on the lists and even then you're waiting in line for what seems like years. Anyway, Suede felt like a toned down version of an LA club. It is still a scene but Scottsdale style. Lines weren't much to speak of and it didn't really have the club atmosphere I'm used to. It felt more like bar meets club. Yes there was loud music and people are able to buy tables but it is just missing a mystique of the club feel. I guess it didn't have the exclusivity that clubs in LA make you feel like they have...if that makes sense.
1	The club itself is ok and deserves 3 stars. It's more of a crowded lounge/bar since there isn't a dance floor, but it's a chill place w/ good music.It's the male bartender that really brought the rating down. I would give negative stars if I could. He charged me $31 for 2 Hennessey shots whereas the female bartenders charged $37 for 3 Hennessey shots. For my other friends, he charged $16 for a mixed drink, whereas the females charged $7-9 for the same thing. When the female bartenders were asked why the male was charging so much more, they just said, "he shouldn't be. The prices should be the same no matter who you go to." Apparently not! To top it all off, I checked my credit card statement today and he decided to add in a nice tip for himself. Luckily, I was able to easily dispute it w/ my CC company, but they are reimbursing me as a courtesy.. not recouperating the difference from Suede bc they said it'd be cheaper for them since it's a relatively small amount. I'll never go back to Suede again and will continue to warn others to do the same..
1	Left a few messages for management to "discuss my visit." Have yet to hear back from them. Still holding onto the receipt w/ the bartender's name and transaction # in case someone ever calls. I wonder if they're just too busy fielding calls about said bartender or they really just don't give a crap.  Maybe I should just make a public service announcement and put the shady a** bartender's name on here!?!
2	Nothing special about this place. It is a chill spot to hang out after Axis Radius since its across the street. A bit small but you can still dance.
1	well where do I start...the place itself isnt too terribly bad...drinks are decently priced but it does get a little crowded...now for the people...they are all shady...the girl i was with lost her camera there...so i call the following day and they tell me they have it, but it is locked in the safe and to come in past 8 the next day to get it, something about the guy that can open the safe isnt there. so the following night i call again to make sure the guy is there to open it...and what a suprise he's not. im told he wont be there til thursday...sooo i wait til thursday and call again...but he is sick and wont be in til friday, and "its still in the safe dont worry" but to come in friday past 8, so this time i just go in...then they tell me to come back at 10...no im sorry i wont where's the manager...so i talk to AJ who i guess is a manager...and he has to call the girl that has it, and im sure is trying to keep it to have her drop it off. in the safe? or in some girls purse? its all the same difference right? shady.
1	I ordered a mixed drink. Bartender grabs a glass, fills it 3/4 of the way with ice, pours in alcohol and soda just until the ice starts to float, and then grabs the ice scooper and adds MORE ICE TO MY GLASS.This place blows.
2	It always cracks me up going out in Scottsdale..& just when I say to myself to just say no... One of my friends drags me out...I've been here a few times.. Consistently it's the same scene of Scottsdale junk.. Creepy dudes playing grab ass if your just trying to walk through the place.. Or bartenders with inconsistent drink charges.. The place is always overcrowded.. I mean the dudes outside are there to monitor how one looks & whether one is worthy to enter, right?! How about counting how many peeps you allow in.. We never stay here too long... Music is good... Grey goose tastes the same at another place where there's actual roomto move.. Without some strange Affliction wearing tools hands on me...
1	I haven't been here in a long time but now I know why.  It was overpacked and the crowd was awful.  Felt like I was in a bad part of Phoenix or something.  Very trashy.  When I went to go to the bathroom, some guy was smoking a black and mild or something INDOORS by the hallway!!  ugh would not willingly return to this dump.
4	Crowded, funsies and good music! Me likey!
3	Not really a fan of nightclubs and lounges. I guess I don't go enough to know the rules because us girls got in for free, but I felt bad that the 3 guys that came with us had to pay ten bucks to get in with us!The place was definitlely cool inside, lotsa places to sit (not sure if it cost extra). I thought the drinks were decent, definitely more on the strong side, but I'm not sure how much they cost since I didn't have to pay that night. I was dd, so needless to say, I didn't get nearly as drunk as my friends, who seemed to have a lot more fun! I'm not into getting hit on when I go out with friends, so the losers that did were all really douchey and/or drunk, one of whom I even submitted a picture to hotchickswithdouchebags.com. There were lots of them that night. I think overall it can be a fun place if you get drunk enough, but if you're more of a low key dive bar type of girl like me, it's  prob not your scene either
1	Terrible.  I remember when Scottsdale Clubs were a bit classy and at a minimum had a dress code.  We went to Suede last night for a bachelorette party. When did it become appropriate to wear baggy jeans, and side ways caps?  This club was jam packed, and seriously a fire escapae hazzard to say the least. The highlight of the night was the boucers tossing a chick who fought with her Pimp boyfriend while he continued to swagger back into the bar. Is this what the economy has driven us to?
3	OK this place is good during the week and early on the weekendsLate on weekends it kinda really sucks.too many, too little space.
4	Came here for happy hour just before heading over to Axis Radius across the street and had a pleasant experience! The bartender was very handsome and made some great drinks for me [: the ambiance is really trendy and I was very comfortable so it absolutely deserves to be called a lounge.. The restrooms are pretty small (3 stalls I believe?) so this place wouldn't work out well with large crowds of females that are drunk.. The outside patio is really nice and they have VIP seating both indoors and outdoors.. There is no cover charge if you come here before 10:30 or so (I'm not exactly sure what the cut-off time is).. After dancing at Axis Radius for a couple hours I ended up coming back to Suede because they had better music (sad right?) and was disappointed to find that I now had to pay $10 to get in :/ I'm not used to having to pay cover at any bars or clubs so that was pretty upsetting.. After dancing to a few songs my friend and I decided to call it a night but I would definitely return to Suede.. I love the ambiance, the crowd, and the music!
3	This night club use to have a way classier crowd. They must of switched promotors.Now it's just ghetto. Love the music they play and all but the crowd is awful. There is not once where I have gone there where there wasn't a fight or a shooting of some sort. I recently gone there on New years eve, my friends and i decided to stop by. One of the waitresses there was awfully rude. In fact she was cussing at my friend because my friend was in her way, but if you go to this club you would know that it's rediculously crowded and you can barely walk. So I asked the waitress what was wrong and she swung her hand out and punched me. I fell over and slipped. So disrespectful. My friend and i got kicked out all because we wanted to know what the problem was. Horrible. that was rude and disrespectful of and employee to treat their customers this way. Bad business.
1	Quite frankly, this place scares me. Always crowded with security and I always got pushed and shoved. Not my kind of club. Glad this place is closing.
