5	How do I love Chipotle? Let me count the ways... cilantro rice (mmmm), fresh corn salsa, burritos as big as your head, prices easy on your wallet, funky industrial-Aztec decorating scheme, and hip tunes on the stereo. Beats the stuffin' out of the usual fast food joints. Who would've guessed that Chipotle is owned by McDonalds?
5	I''ve long been a fan of Qdoba, and never really gave Chipotle a second look. But once I finally tried them, I was hooked. Their burritos are both more flavorful AND more affordable, plus they use meat from organically raised animals. Their selection is a little more basic and they close at 11, so every once in awhile I still hit Qdoba if I'm in the mood for a "signature" burrito or if I'm out late, but if you just want a good burrito at a good price, Chipotle is the place to go!
4	Good cheap fast-food in the State st area. I am not a huge fan of mexiacn food, but if I had to eat mexican for lunch sometime, I'd go here. Somehow, I like Chipotle better than Qdoba's.
5	I love Chipotle. It was one of my favorite chain establishments. I could eat here every day for the rest of my life. The people who work at this Chipotle are very nice. They are very generous with the cheese - which is one of the best parts about my burrito bowl. 5 stars. It breaks my heart that people would give Chipotle anything less.
5	Can I live here plz? Chipotle is like my heaven. I'm a vegetarian and really picky. They are polite at picking the onions out of the veg mix before they dump it on my taco. I always get smiles + delicious burritos. I've only had then better on my own stove. Want to know why? Chipotle cares and it shows in their grub. They use meat & dairy that is only from humane sources and advocate against factory farms. They also are obsessed with recycling..so many reasons to want to keep coming back. A margarita tops it all off perfectly. Make sure to take advantage of the free limes and squeeze em on your food :)
5	Best chain ever.  Aware of their animals, a chain, healthy, easy to go, lemons and chipotle sauce are a nice touch.  Very good staff too, very efficient!
1	...What the fuck is wrong with you people?
5	DELICIOUS. All the ingredients are flavorful, fresh, and very tasty. I can't believe some people choose Qdoba over this place. I couldn't stomach it after trying chipotle. 5/5 all the way.
3	My husband and I grabbed a bite here for the first time the other night.  We had previously eaten at locations in NYC.  The tacos were good, with tasty ingredients, but they were barely lukewarm, which detracted from the taste.  They need to figure out how to serve up tacos that stay warm between leaving the serving line and getting to a nearby table!
4	Since I currently don't live near a Chipotle, I had to get some while travelling. My usual burrito bowl was good but there was an extra kick that made me wish I had gotten sour cream. Very fast service considering how long the line was.
4	I always get a chicken burrito, so I can only speak to the quality of those, but I find them tasty and very filling. Occasionally I find a piece of chicken that's burned or mostly fat, but I can forgive them during the lunch rush (and it is VERY rushed). The food has a lot if taste and is just the right amount of spicy. The guacamole tends to be a little too salty, though.Service is speedy, but be careful if you want to eat in the restaurant. It's often full of hungry, loud college students (of which I am one) and can be hard to find a seat.
4	I know I know, I'm a foodie, I shouldn't like fast food. I know I know, there's so much local food around, why chipotle?But there's just those days. When I just wanna have some guac and chips, and some good old chicken burrito. It's just good old comfort food. And, its cheap! What more can you ask for?I love the chicken. Most people do it dry, but its always juicy at chipotle. I like the corn, salsa, sour cream with my burrito. I usually share half of it with my man.The chips are kinda salty though, but whatcha gotta do when you want some good old guac?
2	I LOVE chipotle but when comparing this locations to others, I get about half as my food in my burrito bowl. Seriously, at home I get enough for an entire second meal after I'm full. It would be great if the employees would just add a little more to the burrito bowls.
4	Fresh, fresh, FRESH. There is no other fast food chain imaginable that has the local, wholesome, fresh, and ethical outlook that Chipotle does.
4	The food is great! Organic and affordable. The best non-authentic Mexican food out there. Nice people, great customer service.
4	I bet the majority of Yelp users won't look up Chipotle and read its reviews, but I still wanted to say that Chipotle makes for a good affordable meal if your pockets are tight or if your time is tight or if you just want some mexican fast food.They serve good burritos and tacos. And they have guacamole which they make from scratch several times each day so it's always fresh. The steak burrito is my favorite, their steak is juicy and grilled to just the perfect texture. On days that I don't feel like having meat, I would go for the vege tacos. Guac is included in the vege version, which is an added bonus. So, just keep this place in mind next time you would like some good mexican food. They open another outlet opposite the west side Target so all the more convenient to stop by.
5	Who wouldn't give 5 stars to Chipotle? Only complaint is that they're out of certain meats fairly frequently. They're staffed by college students which doesn't bode well for their service levels...but let's be honest, you come to Chipotle for the best fairly priced burritos in town.
2	I'm a huge Chipotle fan, but it has to be said: this is quite possibly the worst Chipotle I've been to.They don't have Chipotle in my hometown, so you can bet your sweet ass that whenever I go to a place where there is one, I will plan my meals around it. Hell, I even plan several of my meals around having Chipotle, so that I can maximize my delicious burrito-bowl eating opportunities. That being said, shortly after landing in Madison, of all the places, this HAD to be my first stop. It sucked. The workers here are more grouchier than your typical chipotle employee. You literally have 5 seconds to shout out your order before the workers give you a look so disdainful you might think you just kicked a basket full of baby kittens. Ugh, the pressure! Not to mention they scoop out your food and throw it in the bowl with such force, it's no wonder that the food portion is so small! Most of it ends up outside of the bowl, and you're left with an order half the size of what you'd get at any other location.I get it, it's a college town, and no doubt most of the employees are college students. I've been there. Hell, I've even been asked to throw away used tissues at my part time jobs while I've been in college. Life isn't that bad, kids. It shouldn't be, especially at Chipotle.
4	This isn't my favorite Chipotle location, but it still gives a great meal and is conveniently located on State Street between campus and the Capitol.
4	When I first started to write this review, there were a few complaints that could have been easily resolved by speaking up. Been here dozens of times, I've seen a lot of people do it wrong (with these tiny burritos!) and it's mainly because they don't ask for the extra stuff. You don't ask, you don't get. As far as the Chipotle chain goes, this is a great location and they've accommodated my requests. And I know my Chipotles. Their rush hour assembly is worked down to a science and their management is solid and friendly from the run-ins I've seen. It's also one of the biggest Chipotles I've been to, with more than ample seating. One thing I don't understand, though, is how to take it to go. The juice always gets everywhere. Might want to offer some plastic bag option for those commuting.
