4	I just recently switched from Cox to CenturyLink due to the availability of PrismTV (IPTV powered by MediaRoom) in my area of Chandler.  We got the Complete package with DVR plus phone and internet.  The TV doesn't live up to the hype of the sales man (you can't watch over the web at home and can't access the DVR from computers - at least as far as I have figured out yet) but the service is good.TV - none of the lag of Cox digital.  The channels change fast, no pixelation at our house and On Demand has always worked on demand.  Cox was giving us lag, pixelation and sound that lagged - this was the biggest reason for the switchPhone - great no complaints.Internet - the installation was a pain, the guy needed access to the attic and had to cut a hole in the wall (fortunately we had CAT5 cable in the house or it would have been worse).  I almost cancelled the switch but since we had CAT 5  it worked out ok.  The router/modem combo seems really solid.  We are running 9 devices with no problems so far.  The speed tests don't seem great (speedtest.net) but the games my kids play work well, movies on netflix stream great and webpages load quickly (pings are fast).  Sales pitch - some kid came around with no documentation, no cards, a lot of hype and little detail.  I did some research on my own and the kid came back a few times and we finally decided to make the switch.  If you are in the Chandler area it is worth a try if it is offered.Bottom line - we are only a few days into it but no regrets so far.  If you don't give this a negative update in the next few weeks you will know we are still happy.
2	After getting the first bill I have realized that the salesperson completely lied to me about the price, phone and internet alone cost about what he said the whole package would cost.  In the end we are paying about $40 more than Cox and I have yet to recieve our $150 gift card.  I need to call CS and complain about the charges and then write BBB and maybe the FCC if things don't get straightened out.  Of course, the sales person wouldn't put anything in writing so I am probably hosed.
1	Customer service is horrible. We tried to switch TV, Internet and phone from Cox because of the price and prism tv. It was a nightmare. When they installed prism TV our box crashed and they had to come out a couple times trying to fix it. Our account was messed up and they couldn't get our phone number ported over and internet was down. They then told us they would need to mail us a new modem because the Internet wasn't working and our service tech even told us that didn't make sense. We cancelled within 12 hours of installing. The service techs who actually installed everything were the only good thing about Centurylink as they were empathetic to the issues and were just as frustrated as we were.To top it all off they charged us for install and phone service we didn't get.
1	Tried to get their Prism TV service, what a fiasco. They were supposed to install the Prism and port my phone # from another provider. Install tech showed up and knew nothing of the port request, so we just proceeded with the installation of the TV service. 3 days later my internet (and TV) went down, I suspect because someone did something to the provisioning for the phone number port. I called tech support, they could not find my account, got bounced around to a couple of people till someone could finally find my account in the "AZ system" who then transferred me to tech support. Level 1 had me reboot modem, (like I hadn't already done that) and when that did not work they escalated to Tier2. The Tier 2 guy figured out there was something wrong with my account and said I needed to talk to customer service, he then blind transferred me to customer service and did not explain the problem to the rep. At this point I had been on the phone for almost two hours, I decided that I was going to cancel the service. I asked to be put back to what I had before and (DSL and DirecTV bundle) ther rep instead closed my whole account and transferred me to someone else. In the end I spent OVER 4HOURS on the phone to get my service restored (they had to create a whole new account for me) and I am not sure if my pricing will be right. DO NOT SIGN UP WITH CENTURYLINK, THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL!!!!
1	Garbage company and lie about cost.  Received a special promotion for one year of 29.99 internet...first bill was around 80 dollars cuz they included a 40 dollar service fee they didn't tell me upfront about.  I thought I paid the bill over the phone but didn't and my internet seized up on me saying I owed, thought it was no big deal.  Turned out I missed paying on my 2nd bill which I never received.  The rude lady said they don't send bills in the mail because they are an internet service and you should get payment alerts via email.  I sure didn't, so I owed 6 dollars just to make the payment over the phone...and now an additional 25 dollars to reactivate the account.  It took 2 hours to get my internet working again.  This is turning out to be no deal at all.  I have no idea when to pay my bills other then looking at my account on their website I guess, cuz I don't get their notifications.  I hate this company, can't believe they won't send a monthly bill other then the initial one.
1	Words cannot express how much of a hatred I have for Century Link! If I had any other   option I would switch in a heartbeat.
1	AWFUL with their contracts!!!! We signed up for a MONTH to MONTH contract knowing we were building a home and now they are telling me we have a termination fee due to canceling prior to 1 year!!!! I NEVER signed a one year contract! It was plain as day we needed month to month until we move into the new house. By the way---Century Link and Prism are separate companies and both apparently have their own contracts. Hilarious, no one ever said anything about this to us until I call to cancel!!!!! NEVER would recommend this company!!!!
1	Horrible customer service,  they will try to rip you off any way they can. Not happy at all with them!!
1	We transferred to CenturyLink from COX because we thought we were getting a better price. NOT! They ask me how many devices. We had in my home so they can get me the right modem.  Well they gave us a 15mbps modem. We were told that should work. Well after a week or two we called back to let them know of the problems we were having with the 15mbps. So the customer rep. Sent us a 20mbps modem. DID NOT WORK for all of our devices and we also found out that ON DEMAND also uses up bandwidth.  THEY FORGOT TO MENTION THAT.. So when we asked about the 40mbps WE FOUND OUT IT'S NOT IN OUR AREA.  REALLY? By this time we received our second bill and it was freaking high. So we called a again to asked them why our bill was so high. The nice customer service rep. Found out they charged us $99 for our second modem that we were leasing like the first one.  so he adjusted the bill. Now we get our third bill it to was very high. So we call again come to find out all of this time DIRECTV was not on the bill. Well, DIRECTV charged for the two months they missed or should I say CenturyLink left off.  so now I'm Pissed because we are now paying almost three hundred by this time for some messed up telephone and Internet service. I actually love my directv so that's a keeper. But CenturyLink has to go...so needless to say I went back to COX for Internet only but at least I know now all of my devices are working. Oh yeah we couldn't get the Verizon discount because we were already on a discount plan with Verizon. ...so stick a fork in me WE ARE DONE....
1	Hands down the WORST customer service of any company I have ever dealt with. From the first call,  the lady who signed us up told us nothing but lies. She quoted us 40 dollars a month for Internet with a. Free month of prism for signing up. We got our first bill for 280 dollars with the full cost of prism,  and 80 dollars for the Internet. We spoke to 6 different customer service reps trying to get it fixed.  Some of them told us they would fix it and call us back,  then never did.  Some of them told us they couldn't do anything for us,  and some of them just hung up on us. Finally today I got through to the only knowledgeable person in their company apparently who fixed it in about 5 minutes.  I strongly recommend staying away from this company.
1	This is the worst company ever. After being on hold for far too long I was sold a directv package was transferred to the closing department only to be told oh I'm sorry we don't service your apartment complex. I then called the other company who could not help me because the complex is serviced by century link. I called them again, finally they scheduled installation. After he left are noticed our satellite would not stay connected. Were called for them to come fix it and they so graciously waived the service charge to come out. When the tech called he apologized because they had sent a private tech who wasn't allowed to touch the equipment. He did it anyway because after his attempts to contact Century Link they kept transferring him and finally hung up on him. The original tech had installed our incorrectly. Now I Am trying to bundle my internet and the customer service rep hung up on me because i didn't have my account number with me. I have been on hold for 13 minutes now just trying to talk to a manager. Horrible service. We will see what happens if a manager ever comes to the phone. Yep they accepted absolutley no responsibilty.
1	*****Just stop now and sign up for internet with any other company except Centurylink*****Since May I have had subpar service with this company. I have called about 5 times to complain that I am only getting 5mb per second on all my devices. Every time I call, the person on the other end tells me that the service looks great on their end. They don't listen when I tell them that I am getting 5Mb on 3 devices and I should not have to reset the modem every two days like they tell me too. No one listens to what I need and it is a bunch of lies. Today, I called to cancel and Ginger (the rep) told me that I have a 12 month commitment. Mind you that I signed up for a no-contract service. She said that I owe $20 per month for the unused months (8 months left). She said that I could only cancel within the first 30 days. I let her know that I have called 5 times about the bad service. She cannot see the notes on her end and she is not linked to notes from technical issues. How can someone in retention not be able to see the history of the account to be able to get the full picture. Another lie and ploy to get you to sign up and make you pay even more when you want to cancel. I don't want much, I just want my devices to have more than 5Mb per second. I asked to speak to a supervisor and Ginger refused to transfer me. She said she can send an email and then hung up on me. Yes, she hung up on me. That is CenturyLink in a nutshell. Pull this call, 9/26/2014 at about 2:10pm and the rep name is Ginger. All I want is to leave. I don't want to do business with your company because you are shady and crooked. You cannot do business like this in 2014 and I will let every last human know to stay away. You cannot put NO CONTRACT on the front page of your website and then tell me I am in a 12 month "commitment". Please make it right. Not only for me but for future customers. 1. Ginger cannot hang up on me even though I am an angry customer. I believe I called the retention number. Not only does she not help resolve an issue I have been having for months, she hangs up on me. She should be repremanded2.  Change the wording on your website to either say 12 month contract or truly allow customer to cancel anytime under your no contract. No Contract- Is a lie. it is not called a contract but it is a 12 month commitment. (how funny does that sound and is it different to you and I). I called to cancel and I will have to pay  $20 per month for the unused months left in my "commitment"2. They throttle your service. You do not have the speed that you pay for. They will slow you down to a crawl if you use your service. 3. The modem is the cheapest. When I signed up I was told that I had to use their modem/WIFI. If you use any devices wirelessly, stay away from Centurylink. I sold my $200 WIFI with the latest technology to go with their $39 one.  The jokes on me.4. You will not get the service you pay for and complaining will do absolutelynothing. Don't be sold on the price they give you.Again, I just want to leave, I am unhappy because I pay for a service that I am not getting. All I ask is for you to honor we initially agreed upon. NO CONTRACT. It is simple, COX does it, Time Warner does too. When the customer does not want the service, we just part ways.
1	centurylink as a whole company is full of liars and people who don't care and who are rude. they are rude and they know they can get away with it, let me tell you this companies, in the past with poor service and customer service eventually struggle as cusotmers flee to other choices.
1	Just poor customer service. 2 hour wait times only to be disconnected. I would put zero starts if I could. My monthly bill double for no reason and when i moved I wasn't able to log into my account. Horrible customer service that can drive you mad if you really need to talk to someone who knows what they are doing. With only 2 options what can you do?
1	I can only echo the sentiments of others who have posted in this thread.  The worst dealings with a large company I have ever experienced.  I too had switched to Centurylink from Cox, thinking I was getting a great deal.  Fantastic service to reel you in, then from there out, abhorrent service, product and treatment.As others have mentioned:  The bundle price was good for about 4 months for their highest speed internet, and decent cable package.  ($109 / mo, as agreed upon)  Then, suddenly, my bill jumped to $273 for one month.  And every subsequent month after while I endured the torturous endeavor of trying to get my billing sorted with CS.Excuse after excuse, and promises of credits, free added services, etc. never materialized.  My internet was down to under 5mbs.  The people were rude on the phone, even when elevated to upper management.  (Even the $100 "Gift Card" for signing up was a joke and never activated)I joined back up with Cox and ripped all their equipment out and sent it back.  They then had the audacity to tell me I had a $200 early termination fee on my bill.  I figure the outstanding balance prior to this disconnect fee should put me even with where I would have been, had I paid the agreed monthly price of $109 / mo, since I won't be giving them another dime.I would not waste your time or money on such a crooked company.  If it looks too good to be true, it usually is.
