5	Uh oh...says my wallet. This is the LARGEST lululemon I've ever been to! It's an OASIS of yoga clothes. The location of this store is perfect, the window displays are awesome and the employees are more than helpful without being too too pushy. I'm sure the classes they offer are fantastic because of the space. I would definitely check out their Facebook page http://www.facebook.com/lululemonShadyside to keep an eye on their yoga gatherings and run clubs. No need to ever buy online if you live in Pittsburgh. This store has everything!
1	I was anxious to try this new addition to the Shadyside buisness district, however I was quite disappointed.  I think their prices are too high, and they gave me a lot of hassles on a return.  I expected a lot better customer service, but they gave me the run-around.  They sent me to their online store to make the exchange, but then the online store said they would not send an exchange for pickup in the store.  My best advice is to shop elsewhere.
5	I had a great experience here today. One worker- who I believe to be a manager- was especially helpful when I told her what I was looking for. Now that I'm postpartum, a lot of my workout gear is a smidgen too snug...some more so than others. She helped me select some looser garments that I can wear to Pilates, yoga, and the gym. This stuff is pricey- no denying, but the pants I have have lasted through several years of regular use. And they are comfortable and flattering! All in all, I will definitely buy again, and I will absolutely go back to this location.
1	This is my first time ever writing a review, but I felt compelled to let everyone know what a horrible experience I had at this lululemon store.  I want to state I love lululemon yoga clothes.My big disappointment is regarding the staff at this store and the treatment I received from a high end athletic wear store.  The first thing that happened was when I was trying to find yoga pants I had to ask people who worked at the store what their thoughts about what I should try on for my yoga needs and the best was when I asked a staff member about the fabric and his thoughts where about the pants I selected for hot yoga..  He looked at me with a blank stare and proceeded to read the description provided on the pants and said the fabric is just like the other fabrics we have at the store.  I also asked other staff members and did not receive anymore information. I managed to find what I was looking for on my own.  The staff was helpful in getting me different sizes I needed from the dressing room.   The next surprise was at the check out counter.  After the person rang me up and I paid this staff person she took all the items in her hands and shoved all the clothing in a bag without folding the clothing.  This staff person and what looked like the entire staff were at this time at the front of the store talking about their lululemon clothes they had just put on from the store.   I took my bag and on the floor took the items out of the bag and proceeded to fold the clothes.  The staff just stood there and continued to talk about the clothes they where wearing from the store.   I am very disappointed at lululemon and their customer service.
4	I have been to the store a handful of times, either for purchases or altering of stuff I got online. Never really had a problem with the staff, they always seem willing to help and even manage to remember your name for more than five minutes, not bad lol. I really wanted to give them 5 stars but even though their stuff is the most comfortable I've worn, it's a bit pricy.
1	I had the worst exchange experience of my life. Rude employees and horrible customer satisfaction policy. Never going back.
3	Almost all women's yoga pants apparel... how many different pairs of yoga pants are there? You'll probably find the answer after walking into this store. I'm going to go down the middle of the road on this one and rate 3 starts- although it's a not a store built for my particular needs, the building is nice and in a great location, the staff were actually very nice to me; however, everything is incredibly overpriced.
5	Had the best shopping experience of my life - thank you Mareija and Bonnie.  You ROCK!
5	Recently I ordered a pair of crops online, which were defective (had unraveling seams) so I went into this store to exchange them. SUPER nice staff, I hardly had to begin explaining the situation and the manager instantly offered me an exchange/gift card to replace the defective pants. Hard to beat that level of customer service!
