5	This Starbucks ROCKS!  They are always super busy but don't miss a beat:)  Gema, Amanda, and Matt are AMAZING!!  Love this Starbucks and the friendly atmosphere:)
2	The coffee is as good as Starbucks is capable of.  The staff is pretty friendly throughout the day.  However, steer clear of the place 30 minutes prior to closing time.  I have had TERRIBLE experiences three times when they were "close" to closing. The location closes most night at 9:30pm.  A friend and myself went in to grab a coffee before a movie around 9:05pm.  After collecting my payment the barista said, "We are closing soon so you need to take you drink to go."  Now I am typically very conscious of closing times and try to be more than respectful. But I have had this happen to me several times, by different people.  Eh, take from it what you will.  A great place to stop prior to a big movie release at Regal Stonecrest.  I have been there and seen a mass of Twihards and Potterheads.  Also, during the evenings there is a young crowd that congregates there.  Just FYI.
3	Just another Starbucks... take it as you may!
4	Been there a few times in the morning and afternoon. Good place to sit with a coffee or iced tea and work or job search with your laptop, with nobody bothering you. Staff seems friendly. In other words, it's a Starbucks.
3	Just after lunch time, the place was packed with the laptop loitering crowd. I can't really point fingers, because once I found a seat then that's exactly what I did for about two hours. After the lunch hours, some of the drip coffees are prepared to order. No worries, I like a fresh cup so it was better than usual.With a dozen or so people surfing the Internet, it was a bit slow.As for the wedding planner and assistant who came in to meet a bride and her maid of honor to discuss the upcoming nuptuals, without buying a coffee, that's just wrong. At least the Korean lady helping a couple with their taxes (yes, this happened) bought a drink!
3	My #2 place to study for school or exams - tables are not the best size for studying when you need to layout textbooks, notebooks, and a laptop.  Outdoor seating is pretty much non-existent ... there's a couple of tables and chairs - not much to look at since it's wedged between Starbucks and the neighboring store, so your only view is the parking lot and (I think) Rea Road.But the store is good for the passer-by who wants to jump in, enjoy a hot beverage, and read a book or newspaper.  And the free Wi-Fi is always a plus (although I've never been to a place that only offered "pay to play" Wi-Fi).
3	This Starbucks is not my favorite in the area, but it is not bad if you happen to be in the Stonecrest area.  It is located in the section where Shoe In, Claire's and the Orthodontist  are located.  The set-up/layout of the shop is not as nice as some of the other Starbucks in the area.  I generally prefer the one at Providence Commons when I am going to meet friends for coffee.
4	I loved it here! The place was clean and the employees were so nice! Delicious cakes, muffins, salads and sandwiches were readily available and all looked very fresh!My order was prepared correctly, what was awesome was that they called me by name, chatted with me while making my drink and offered great suggestions for my next visit! Also, it looked like this was a good place to hang out and meet up with some friends! Overall, I look forward to coming back!
5	The iced hazelnut macchiato was excellent.  Fast service and friendly.
2	When I first moved here, I was really enjoying this place because of the very friendly staff. However, if the very friendly staff could start getting my drink order correct (wrong twice in the span of two days), it would make me more likely to go there, rather than to the Starbucks counter at Target, just across the parking lot. Not the level of customer service I expect from The Bux, sorry.   :(
4	I was literally falling asleep driving through this section of Charlotte this afternoon, so what better way to wake up then to buy a $4.00 cup of coffee?This is a nice Starbucks with plenty of room and friendly staff.  The usual laptop / meeting crew was there this particular day and started to fill up more as I waited for my Latte.Clean, fast service, and well stocked about sums up this trip.
4	It's a Starbucks.  So... yeah.  In Stonecrest, on the side with Flying Biscuit and Nothing But Noodles, the Starbucks big green sign is easy to spot.   It was a typical Carolina summer day - 98% humidity and 91 degrees outside, so it was miserable, and only a green tea lemonade would cure my heat stroke symptoms.  There was only one person in front of me, so the line went pretty quickly.  Par for the course with a Starbucks, there were folks spread out all over the place with their laptops and other electronic devices taking up every available seat, so I took my drink to go and got back on the road.  My tea was cold, well blended and delicious.  It's a Starbucks.
5	Best Starbucks in the area. My friends refer to it as "The Office". The staff is very experienced and provide fast and friendly service. A unique community and a great coffee experience.
3	I went here for lunch yesterday.  Nice building but the area can be a little tight getting a parking place.  The atmosphere at most Starbucks is good.  It was totally weird at least one of the employees (especially the guy who fixed my sandwich was a rude.  Next time I will not bother to stop here.  IJS.
5	I love this location! The people are nice, the service is fast, they make drinks EXACTLY the way you like them and to tell the truth I'm not sure what some of the other reviewers were talking about but this place is FANTASTIC!
3	As Starbucks go this isn't my favorite as it's always pretty full. Service speed really varies from visit to visit but everyone is very nice. They removed a lot of the comfortable chairs to keep people from lingering all day. Food and coffee all as normal.
5	Starbucks at its best! The partners at this location keep this store clean, stocked & service at its best! The drink quality is consistent and the food is fresh. I favor the baristas Thomas, Brian & Wes - they remember my name and always make me feel special when I stop by! Thanks guys, keep up the great work!
2	Stopped in on my way to work to grab a coffee & they have 2 cashiers and only 1 guy making the drinks...WTH??!?? Super slow!  This location is not recommended if you are in a hurry!
4	This is the Starbucks my dad and I usually meet at to catch up. For the most part, it's great. Relatively fast service considering how busy they are, the location is pretty clean, the baristas are friendly. My only complaint is that once in awhile you run across that one employee that makes you lose all faith in humanity. My last visit I asked if they were able to make a pumpkin spice latte dairy free. The barista looked at me, paused for a solid five seconds and said, "I could make it with half and half....." I laughed thinking he was kidding. Oh no, the boy thought half and half had no dairy. After specifying soy milk and NO WHIP.... they still put whip on it. I scraped off as much as I could but being very lactose intolerant the damage was done. Overall, minus these rare/head shaking occasions it's a nice place to grab a coffee and relax for a bit.
