5	There are plenty of food trucks around Charlotte, and there isn't really a shortage of food carts, either. The newest on the scene, the Masa Casa Vegan Tamale cart, which you can (currently) find on Friday evenings in Plaza Midwood in front of Ecolicious and on Saturday mornings right out in front of Atherton Market (inside the market building, but at the entrance), is an incredible addition to the city.There isn't a set menu - at least not yet - but you can find a couple of tamales each week, with some homemade salsas to go with them. If you visit at Atherton, you might even be able to get a spoonful of goodness from Pickleville to go with your tamales.Let me just say that I'm not a vegetarian, and I am certainly not a vegan. But I love tamales, especially fresh tamales, and these were packaged and tied up into neat little packages - they were so awesome and I didn't even take the time to snap pictures of them because they looked so good. Next time.Even better is that the cart is the brainchild of our own Julia S. (chef of Nourish) and hubby Erik B., two of the bestest folks you're likely to meet. So make sure you meet them when you have the chance - it's well worth the visit!
5	I had an opportunity to check out the Masa Casa and was impressed. Because the tamales sold here are wildly the popular the one I tried was the only one left it was the Ghost Pepper Tamale and it was great! Not only are the ingredients organic, vegan and non gmo but the taste was phenomenal. I'm a fan of spice so it was quite delicious . They even have an array of homemade sauces that the can dip your tamale in. The only tip that I have is to arrive early because these tamales go quick. It's also feels good to support a local business that's provided tasty vegan food!!
5	I couldn't believe my eyes when I was heading into 7th Street Market, is that a tamale food stand? Put the breaks on!  I bought all three flavors Wrapper's Delight, Ghost Face Thrilla and House Party.  And two little sides of  ancho sauce and a spicy tomatillo lookin' sauce.  Color me delicioso. Find them and bring them to me.
