4	This Neiman's gets a special mention from me because it's the only one in the whole country (that I know of) that doesn't make you use Amex or their store credit card.  I was able to use my Visa, no problem!
5	At first I thought it was kind of stupid to shop at NM here given that I have one in SF, but I am happy that I did. I had a great experience. I'd actually come in for the CHANEL counter, but I ended up browsing for clothes and found some great tops. I worked with a SA named Megan who was quite young but very professional and fun. I have been on a quest to find some "perfect" t-shirts and aside from my love of Theory, she introduced me to some others. All in all, a great experience. I wasn't going to review it, but I wanted to just because of the great service. I highly recommend Megan if you're in the market for contemporary designers and great t-shirts.
4	Unfreakin' believable! This is the ONLY NM store that I've ever experienced some customer service from...and good customer service at that! We strolled into the LV boutique, and while I know these folks work for LV, they were very nice. We ended up buying a couple of purses. We then went to look at the Chanel sunglass counter, and the gal was really helpful and nice. We chatted for a bit, specifically about why customer service at the Palo Alto and San Francisco stores is so horrendously bad/non-existent! Haha. Needless to say, great customer service can get you a fat sale. Two pairs of Chanel sunglasses later, and not feeling guilty...Anyhow, thanks Las Vegas NM for redeeming NM!
1	Let me begin with saying that I enjoy shopping at Neiman Marcus and that my experiences are always pleasant.  Unfortunately, the same CANNOT be said about my experiences in the NM Las Vegas Contemporary Department.  Each transaction, whether it's a sale or a return, has been torture (always ending with me saying to myself, "I'm never shopping in this department again because of the awful customer service!").  Today's interaction included the following dismal chain of events: I walked up to the cash register; rather than being greeted, I received two blank stares by the Sales Associates (SA).  I took the initiative to say "Hello! I have a quick return" (1pair of jeans).  Rather than either SA responding with "Let me help you with that," one of them asked "Is this the right department for your return?"  I curtly replied "Yes, it's the right department" [Really?  Do I look like a clueless shopper?].  Her and the other SA looked at my receipt so they could find the name of the SA who had taken care of my original transaction.  After discovering it wasn't either of them, they called for their fellow SA [who had originally helped me].  Is it store policy that the original SA has to process your return??  The SA who previously helped me began to process my return, but then got a phone call and couldn't even be bothered to conclude the transaction in a respectful manner (maybe something like "have a good day" would have been appropriate?  Just a suggestion).  So yes, sadly I have to bid farewell to the Contemporary Department, but I don't think I could get through another shopping session with any of the employees in that department.  Furthermore, I am 100% over giving them any commission off of my sale.
3	Just stuck in the shoes section.Overall, very high end stuff that didn't beat the prices at saks fifth for the exact same thing, even with their sales.
4	i've been to the neiman marcus in san francisco before and most sales associates there don't give you the time of day because they don't think you can afford to buy anything in the store... totally different experience in the LV store... went there to check out their bugaboo selection, and it was a pretty large selection... even more variety then their SF counterpart... the sales person was very courteous... chatted with us for 15 minutes... showed us the new denim chameleon and went on and on about their new paul frank bugaboo merchandise... i didn't buy anything that day, but when i went back the following day i did purchase one of their bugaboo bags... very good shopping experience in this particular store... h-100...
4	The customer service here is impeccable, with someone always around to assist you, paying very close attention to anything you might need. The SA I dealt with was so patient, grinning and chatting about trends (which she actually knew well) and her favorites as she brought me 8 pairs of shoes. (Others have, instead, expressed irritation.) And even though on the first day I bought nothing, when I returned the next day to buy my top 3 picks, while most SAs would've probably pawned me off on someone else, she headed straight towards me to ask if I wanted to look around one more time and try on the shoes I liked the day before one more time just to make sure.. She even remembered which ones they were.They also have a huge collection which, surprisingly, includes some pretty hard to find accessories by luxury brand names. When I went, I was lucky to have gone during one of the semi-annual sales, which meant plenty of GORGEOUS shoes from the previous season for much cheaper ($290 for Chanels!) than I would ever find in Jakarta.I ended up going home with a pair of Tod's flats, Chanel flats, and Prada pumps. :-) (x10)
5	So, I was very reluctant to write this review. One, because Neiman Marcus speaks for itself so why review? Two, because I wasn't sure if I'm ready to let anyone in on my little secret *evil laugh*.Given that I'm a devout Yelper, it is my duty to spread the good stuff, right?Alright ladies, you want handbags, come here. Why? Because you save money on tax when you say it is a "gift". The salesperson I worked with while I was perusing asked/hinted me if my purchase was a "gift"... well, technically yes, just for myself. I chanted a mantra to myself before stepping foot, "Do not buy anything, do not buy anything." Once the gentelman informed me about the tip on tax, I couldn't pass. All you need to do is have the purse shipped to someone else at a different address. Shipping is a flat fee and is a small fraction compared to the hundreds of dollars you are saving on tax.I don't know the complete list of  brands, but I do know that Chanel is included and that Louis Vuitton is not. FINAL ANSWER: Neiman Marcus, Las Vegas = mecca of handbags. Selection is much better compared to Palo Alto's store, and the customer service is superior to that of Palo Alto's as well - the salespeople are great but not annoying sharks. Looking for a handbag, come here!
5	My visit to Neiman Marcus was for the intention of buying a specific cologne (Creed Green Irish Tweed) that is ONLY carried by Neiman Marcus. The associates were attentive and knowledgeable.
4	6/13/10 with my GFBought a wallet for her and I'm just going to leave it at that. I want my IPAD :(Total: $$$ no sale tax cause we had it shipped. Pro: NoneCon: None
5	Perfect for mommy and daughter time. This, unlike most neimans, accept visa and mastercard so that was new to me (usually use amex or cash). Location is great as well, in the cluster of the fine department stores on the side of the mall and not in the middle. Plus, the last time I went, there were many racks that made it look like an outlet.... which isn't necessarily a good thing because as we all know: cheap things attract tourists! *sigh*
4	Came here to help a friend buy jeans...which can be quite a daunting task. Tiffany helped us out and was more than knowledgeable. I told her what we were looking for and before you could say Rock N' Republic she had 6 pairs of jeans that were all super cute. My friend ended up picking out 2 pairs. Thank you Tiffany for all your help...you were wonderful :)
5	On a mission for a particular Bobbi Brown eye palette, I decided to give Neiman Marcus a try.  As soon as I entered the store, multiple sales associates smiled at me and welcomed me to Neiman's.  One of the SAs approached and asked if I needed assistance.  When I told her I was looking for the Bobbi Brown counter, she escorted me to the counter and introduced me to the makeup artist.I explained what I was searching for.  She regretfully informed me that they did not have what I was looking for, but she offered to put together a custom palette for me.  If all of the shadows would have been available individually, I would have jumped at the offer.  Unfortunately, one of the colors is only available as part of this palette.  Oh well.  The SA was so apologetic that they did not have what I wanted.  I must say that I was very impressed with the customer service at Nieman's.  I wish they would have had what I wanted, because I most certainly would have purchased the item from them.  Fact.
4	I love this store!  I always feel out of place at Saks Fifth Avenue as though the salespeople are "sizing me up." In Neiman's there's noone of that.  Everyone always greets you warmly.  There is an especially wonderful saleswoman in the second floor ladies department named Elle.  She is fabulous.  She is so helpful, suggesting items without being the least bit pushy.  Elle has a way of knowing exactly what you're looking for.  So, if you ever find yourself in the ladies department in Neiman's ask for Elle.  You won't be sorry!And also,  the cafe on the second floor is also excellent.  We were dining there and happened to ask our waitress if she knew who was winning in some sporting event that I have since forgotten.  She asked the bartender who didn't know, so what did she do?  She whipped out her IPhone and looked it up for us!  Now that's going above and beyond I would say!
1	A bald headed fairly dark skin toned sales associate in the young men's department surely does not know anything about customer service and respectful behavior. He also doesn't realize that customers are the main reasons why businesses survive thus allowing them to pay their employees a wage and commission. What tickles me funny is how he must have felt the need to express a snobbish attitude but at the same time he works in a MALL as a RETAIL PERSON. As a previous retail salesperson and a current designer, I have never felt the need or requirement to be rude and a total jackass to customers. I was almost going to buy a couple of pair of jeans but while trying on different sizes and styles, I was annoyed by his attitude the whole time that I kept thinking, "why should I spend my money on something that will help him earn a commission?" TURNED OFF. Well, buddy you lost a sale and I surely hope you learn a few new manners and adjust your attitude because you clearly do not possess any acceptable customer service etiquette. Working in retail does not make you a big shot, okay? It makes you appear stupid and full of shit when you have the wrong attitude.
3	What I like most about this NM is their dress department.  They have just a bit more glitz and glamour.  It IS Vegas after all.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. My usual area is around the Chanel counters (and the little Chanel boutique). Everyone is always extremely helpful, friendly, and efficient. I've never been treated remotely poorly (and if I was it would make a lot more sense than being treated like a hobo at Dillard's). The sales staff aren't pushy and stuffy at all. I'm here every couple months to look for new make-up staples and the staff is always happy to help. I would never go to any other Chanel counter to shop after being treated like royalty here.
4	Pricey but, then again, it is Neiman's.  I LOVE the selection--the best out of the ones I've been to.  Service is not great but I've always been a do-it-yourself shopper (I like to shop in peace).  Definitely worth the trip.
4	In my continuing saga to find a wedding dress, I finally found one on Neiman Marcus's website.I thought since I'm in Vegas I'll take a look at it in the store.  Well, we went in and looked completely lost of course so one of the sales staff pointed me to the right floor.When I got to the proper floor the sales staff was very helpful, however, they don't carry the dress in question.  They were tried to find some other selections to show me, but as I found out, most white dresses aren't in stock until at least February.  I appreciated that they tried to assist me with my quest.  I ultimately, went back online and ordered it when I arrived home.I wouldn't mind going back and checking out a few more things at another time.
5	This is solely for Carlos, who works in the designer bags section. After being told at many boutiques that the bag I was searching for was sold out across the country, Carlos was able to find it immediately for me and had it shipped to me within a week. He is so incredibly helpful and nice, and my mom and I have resisted buying bags elsewhere just so we could buy from him! We had my younger sister and brother with us and he brought out bottled water and such for them as they waited for me and my mom to buy the bags. I'll definitely be back when I'm want to buy a new bag!
5	MY GUARDIAN STARTS A NEW SKIN CARE LINELooking good is important to my guardian.  She decided to visit the make up counter at Neiman Marcus and work with her personal shopper Lili.  She ended up with the entire skin care line of products from Omorovicza.  (pronounced:  o more a vizza (like pizza).  The Omorovicza story begins over 2, 000 years ago, when the curative properties of Hungary's thermal waters were first discovered and the famous baths built. Today, Omorovicza harnesses this ancient health and beauty phenomenon with Mineral CosmetologyTM and takes natural, anti-aging skincare to a new level. Founders Margaret and Stephen de Heinrich de Omorovicza met in the beautiful city of Budapest. The descendant of a noble Hungarian family, Stephen had been drawn there to explore his roots. Margaret, an American, had been brought to the capital by a diplomatic posting. Relaxing at Budapest's ancient thermal baths, the couple were amazed by the effect the mineral-rich, healing waters had on their skin. Margaret and Stephen were fascinated by the natural power of these minerals and saw their potential to be harnessed in a remarkable skincare range. Working with a Nobel-prize winning laboratory of dermatology, Omorovicza Cosmetics developed Mineral CosmetologyTM , a pioneering, patented delivery system that takes mineral skincare to a new level. The Omorovicza product and professional treatment range launched in 2006 at the eponymous spa in Budapest, where the story began. Loved by beauty editors, the range quickly earned an international following and has appeared on the pages of numerous glossy magazines. Meanwhile, Omorovicza products and treatments are available only at some of the world's leading stores like Neiman Marcus. This Las Vegas location is one of only ten that carries this line.  And only some of the Four Seasons Hotel spas actually  carry this product.
5	Okay, I"m not a huge Neiman Marcus fan.  It's a little too fashionable for moi.  I'm more of a shorts, jeans, and t-shirt guy.  But damn, they have some of the best collections of fashion designers for purses, accessories, etc.  But more importantly, the men's room is one of the nicest I've ever been in a department store.  For that...5 stars and woot woot from me.
4	Yay,  One wild place to shop...exclusive brands and prices....the girls love it !
4	Very friendly, they work on commission, and great clothes! High end clothes with high end prices.
3	We originally walked in here for two reasons. Chanel earrings for my sister and a Prada wallet for myself. Upon arrival my sister headed to the bathroom as I headed to Prada.  There were two associates and I was the only one in the store, neither of them said a word to me. Two men than walk in and both associates greeted them. Still not a word to me. I walked around to store, stood at the case for a bit, walked passed the associates, still not a word. So I left.Met my sister in Chanel, saw one other person and thought they were just another customer, until she turned around and greeted us, and asked if we needed help.Yes we did! We asked for the earrings and Adrienne was very helpful and patient with us, as we tried on different earrings. My sister picked out a pair she liked while I went on to browse the store. I browsed some purses, fell in love with one, Adrienne helped me decided without being overbearing or pushy. But I left without a purse.Went back to Prada to try again. Still no response. So we left and headed towards Chanel again, and bought that purse I love from Adrienne. Glad someone deserving got that commission.
5	Black Friday early-bird sale was insane!  Lots of good stuff on the sale rack (and I hate the sale rack) for an extra 30% off.  Plus, if you spent $100, you got a coupon to immediately receive $50 off a regularly priced item...a pair of jeans????  Good times.... ;-)
3	I have always found a great selection and in the past have been greeted promptly upon entering each department. I must say though, that the last several times I have shopped at NM I have been less than impressed with the customer service. This holiday season I have been to the shoe department, the fragrance counter, various cosmetics counters, and the David Yurman jewelry counter. DY and La Mer were the only place where I found a sales associate without their nose inches from a mobile phone. It is my understanding that each associate has a "company phone" which they use to contact clients and do various work related tasks. However, it is VERY off-putting to be physically present in a store and being made to wait while the associate finishes a text message or email. I completely understand NM wanting to stay abreast of current technology, but there must be a more professional way to do so.
3	I truly have a hate/love relationship with this particular Neiman Marcus location. I absolutely LOVE the lingerie department at this location. When their bras go on sale, it is amazing and even better than any Victoria Secret bra. I have only gotten excellent customer service from the reps in that department and give kudos and credit to whomever trained the ladies there.However, I am definitely docking off 2 stars for the service my sister and I experienced today at the Cle de Peau counter for makeup. A woman named Maria came up and asked if we needed any assistance and my sister was buying a replacement for her powder foundation. Maria grabbed a box from the area and rung her up. My sister than proceeded to pay with her debit card and we thought all was good. As my mom browsed through a few other things, my sister opened the box of foundation that Maria had given her so she could replace her current one. She realized that Maria had given and charged her for the liquid one and not the powder one she had asked for.Maria agreed to cancel the payment, but just a few minutes after ringing up my sister for her debit card, she said to my sister "do you have the $7 I gave you and I will give you the $100 cash back?" Umm what?? We looked at her confused and my sister reminded her that she had paid with her debit. Maria muttered a woops and continued to push a few buttons on her register. Ten seconds later, she showed my sister a receipt and said "ok I have voided the payment but I have to keep the receipt." My sister then asked for a copy of the receipt so she could keep it for her own record. Instead of giving her a copy of the real receipt, Maria proceeded to give her a gift receipt. At this point, we were getting very frustrated. Maria's attitude also became more and more begrudging. We asked if she could just make a simple copy of the receipt for us. She finally agreed and when she came back, she practically pushed the papers into our hands and walked away. Neiman Marcus is supposed to be an excellent department store but some reps here can definitely use some more training. I know this isn't the case for everyone that works here, but for anyone who is a first time buyer, especially for the prices of some of the things here, service should definitely be more than this.
2	I have been shopping here for over ten years every time im in town as we don't have one in Utah.  I love Neimans but his last time I was being helped by a Michael Moore who kept misquoting me wrong prices and when I finally was ready to check out everything was a lot more then he quoted.  Now i dont know if this is his way to sell or what but i think as a representative of such a big company this a tasteless practice that treats your patrons like we have no shopping sense or we just have so much money we dont mind being lied to about price.  VERY TACKY!!!  Things he picked up for me off the "take an additional 25%"  he would not do saying it was put there wrongly.  Really???  Wow not impressed.  Sad too because it was all infant clothing that i just put back.  I walked away with a really bad feeling and disappointment.
4	Obviously Neiman Marcus is expensive no matter where you go, but unlike most of their stores this location at Fashion Show benefits in one big way - by being in Vegas, where the rich and the middle class often mingle and look similar to the retail eye, the typical pretense reserved for "elite" clientele  is left out as each and every clerk is well dressed, well mannered, and incredibly helpful whether you're dressed in a Led Zeppelin T-Shirt or suited by Louis Vuitton.  Featuring particularly impressive sales, particularly around the holidays, and the same impressive selection as Neiman Marcus in New York or San Francisco I can't say I have the time or inclination to shop here frequently, but it also never hurts to go in and look when everyone is so pleasant and the store is so well polished.
3	I shop at niemans occasionally. I bought few cosmetics here and bought my boyfriend a gucci wallet during the holidays. Service was great and the sales associate who has helped me with the wallet was patient with me and when i finally decided on the wallet I was going to buy, she even wrapped it for me in a red bow. A very nice touch. I'm only giving three stars because recently when I went to the prada section, the girl who was working there did not greet me once, I asked her about the price on this particular wallet on chain and it was all one word amswers. Before I went inside the store I saw online that the price was 610 plus tax and she told me it's 650 and the prices went up. I asked if she could price match and she said to just order online.. and as we were having this conversation,  she did not move from her spot. She was standing near the entrance while I was near the glass case that had the merchandise. I just left. She was so rude. I expect more customer service from high end stores like niemans and I did not get any service from her whatsoever.
4	Our local Neiman Marcus is a really nice one. I window shop here often but I rarely actually spend money on anything (okay, maybe a Balenciaga handbag every two years or so). Since I mostly shop in the handbag department here, that's where I'll focus my review. This location is very nicely laid out and the employees have always treated me friendly and with the utmost courtesy. I was browsing the Balenciaga and Bottega Veneta sections just last week while wearing a pair of jeans, Chuck Taylor sneakers, a Captain America comic book t-shirt and a sweater from Wal-Mart, and still I was treated like a valued customer. I've never been given the "snobby treatment" here, and I really appreciate that. The salespeople never treat you like you can't afford something in their store (I can't say that about the nearby Saks). The designer handbag section is divided into little mini stores by brand, making it super easy to shop by designer. The sales associates are pretty well educated on their products (now, they aren't as well versed as the sales associates at the Balenciaga store at Crystals, but they can answer basic questions). Returns here are also a breeze. Nice, clean and spacious restrooms. Overall a really nice Neiman Marcus.
2	Geez, just because I wasn't dressed in a suit after my long drive into town doesn't mean you should ignore me and pretend I don't even exist. Shoot, even a "hello, good afternoon" goes a long way. I would know, because I work retail. So stop being snobbish a-holes and acknowledge your clientele, you stuck-up blue blood douchebags. Your store definitely lost a sale that day.
4	The service was very good. The staff wee quite friendly. I loved all the items they carry. (:
4	Whenever I am in town I stop by here.  Conveniently located at the corner of the mall on the central strip side.  good variety of product and I like the boutiques inside in the handbag section for LV, Prada, Gucci and Chanel.  I am always underdressed, but the Sales team at the Chanel boutique was friendly and helpful.
5	I love to shop at Neiman Marcus because of the quality of service that they have always provided.I've never met a rude sales person at Neiman Marcus especially at Cosmetic counters.  They really provide top-notch services.I was checking out any new product at YSL counter and replenished some stuffs too.  The sales ladies were so friendly and helpful.  They even offered my friend a casual makeup after my purchased.I also got the best cleanser I never had! Eve Lom 1st day launched at Neiman Marcus and got 5 sales at the counter.  After I tried the cleanser, I felt in love with it.  Such a nice and relaxing shopping experiences, I only found it in Neiman.
1	This review is solely for the Evening Wear Department. I came in here yesterday to look a for a long dress to wear to a wedding. Two associates saw me walk in looking around and I was never approached to see if I needed help. These two snobby ladies were just chitchatting like I didn't exist but offered assistance to this one shopper who carries a very expensive purse.. then another sales associate was talking on her phone the whole time that I didn't even realize she works there until she asked if I needed help, took the dress from my hand that I wanted to try on and puts it back in the rack and continues to talk on her phone (who the f*c* does that?!!!) I was so annoyed, I left the store.. So unprofessional!!So to NM management, please teach your staff how to treat your customers with respect before your company goes downhill.
5	Delicious things I cant afford, $600 ruby slippers.  Nice peeps and handy from the Venetian.  Eyed Jo Malone from afar and wanted my French Lime Blossom but went to Sephora forr Tocca instead, deep sigh. A lovely store in every way
