4	Excellent selection of instrumental sheet music. They will order music for you and hold it for pick-up. No shipping charges! They also give music teachers a discount AND they sell plastic recorders in a rainbow of colors including pink. They have a tempting selection of music gifts and incentive prizes. One of our favorite family card games- "Fiddlesticks"- came from here.
5	A vast variety of sheet music for instruments of every type. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.  They also have music instructors who teach classes on an individual basis to students, just around the corner. A great place to buy accessories for your instrument, and they also have a small but high quality selection of guitars, both electric and acoustic. ALSO, this is the BEST place to get your guitar repaired and to do a maintenance check-up.  They have a quaint section of the store, designated specifically for instrument repair.  I have had both my acoustic and electric serviced here, and I've always left VERY satisfied with the quality of service and craftsmanship. Highly recommended. I've been a repeat customer here, on several different occasions!
4	This is the only music store on my side of town and since I never can buy online early enough, is where I usually buy my reeds. The customer service is great and they appear to have a huge selection of almost everything a music student should need.
4	I didn't realize that this store was very close to my home. I used to go to "Musician's Discount on Southern and Alma School Road. However, I had went there Saturday and it was closed, so I decided to check out what other stores are around. The customer service was good, and they were also helpful regarding some questions that I had regarding electric guitars. I didn't really compare prices to other places, so I cannot honestly respond in price comparison. I had noticed that they had a lot of novelty- shaped guitars. they also seemed to have a large quantity of replacement strings for guitars. They also appear to have a large selection of sheet music.  I recommend checking them out if you are looking for a music (instrument) store near Dobson and Baseline Road in Mesa, Arizona.
4	Depends on what you are looking for. Guitar repair and tuning----5 stars, I assume the same on other instruments but don't know. Sheet music----5 stars (guessing my collection bought mostly here has been made obsolete by online freebies, but I like having them still). Instrument selection and pricing----3 stars, staff----4 stars.
2	It definitely depends on what you are looking for.  This store was recommended to me by my daughter's soon to be violin teacher.  Unfortunately, the staff member that helped me didn't seem to have a clue about violin's.  I asked the staff member a number of questions regarding the violin and the proper way of fitting a child for renting one and he pretty much just shrugged his shoulders.  Thank goodness, we went to a previous shop whose staff seemed to have a vast knowledge of violin's and measured her for us.  Otherwise, we would really have been up the creek at this store.  I did end up renting it from them, but only because several other stores seemed to be out of 1/8 size violin's.  Upon leaving The Music Store, I noticed a very professional looking violin store right across the street, decided to check them out and was VERY pleased with them.  Thank goodness, my contract with The Music store is month-to-month, because I will be returning it in a month and will be renting from the store across the street.  I will also be informing my daughter's music teacher that she may not want to recommend The Music Store as a rental source.   So disappointing. :-(
5	The repair shop does great setups on guitars.  I have had pickups replaced, pickguards,  and many different rewires done here - they are as good or better than anyone in town. PLUS, they carry MESA BOOGIE amps!  I recently bought a Express 5:25 from them - they gave me a great deal - but the service and attention they provide is unmatched.  They ordered a cover for my and called to make sure I recieved it.   I can't tell you how much more pleasant and attentive they are at the Music Store - (100% better than the Guitar Center...)  They have the best selection of sheet music in town also. Give the Music Store your business, you will not be sorry.
1	I don't see why all the positive reviews on this place. Every time I go here it's always the same. No one asks to help me, I just stand around with my thumb up my butt waiting. When I finally get someone to help me I'm told oh you need to speak to this person and I have no idea about that(how can you work in a music store and not know what you have or can get). When I do get answers in treated like I don't know what I'm talking about( sorry been playing guitar for 14+yrs I know my stuff). I've asked about special orders and they treat it like I'm hassling them. The only reason I go here is because I'll be in the area, but due to the ignorance of employees I've never not will I buy anything there, that and their prices are ridiculous.
5	I have to give Brendan and the folks in the repair department five stars. I've been taking my guitars and basses to him for the last year or so,, and have been beyond satisfied with the work. It doesn't matter if it's my $150 P-bass, or my $1500 Ric; I'm impressed by the quality workmanship and attention to detail that Brendan puts into my guitars. No drama, no "artistic temperaments" just excellent repairs.
5	Just a shout out to Brendan, one of the guitar techs, who did a super job handling the return to Fender of my Squier JB with a bad neck and truss rod. After obtaining a new bass under warranty, he expertly setup the new instrument, replacing the original bridge and strings with those from my old bass.Great communications, great service, and fair pricing.
4	I just called to try and buy a dark side of the moon t-shirt and they do not do stock checks? So, I have to drive 45 minutes, attempt to park in Union Square in SF and they might not even have what i need? No thanx, i'll find a store with better customer service to buy it from
