3	The aisles are kind of cramped, and it looks a bit run down. It's not as big and open as that other big pet supply store. But the one thing that makes a difference to me, in their favor, is the variety of pet food brands they carry. I have to feed one of my cats grain-free food, and at PetCo, I have the choice of 3 or 4 brands that offer grain-free varieties. At PetSmart, I think I found one. Everything else was Friskies or some such that I could find at the grocery store. The prices for these foods are pretty reasonable as well, especially if you shop the Petco P.A.L.S. deals.Their prices for litter are good too. They even sell bulk litter, where you buy the first bucket, and then pay for refills. It works out to about $11 for a 28lb pail. Plus you don't buy all that packaging over and over.
2	HIGH PRICES and lack luster customer service from staff. PetSmart is much better in my opinion.
1	Very disappointed with this particular location.  Employees outside the main entrance to the store smoking, no acknowledgment from the staff that was inside the store, poor selection, high prices, staff member at main register talking on her cellphone, dead fish in the aquariums.  Just a very dismal atmosphere and a severe lack of customer service.  I get a vibe from this location that maybe its on its way out? Maybe the lease is going to expire? Maybe that is why the employees act the way they do? Who knows?
4	I am just going to start by saying I am a loyal PetSmart shopper. I had gotten a Petco giftcard, though, and stopped in to take a look. Their prices are much higher than the PetSmart just across the street on virtually everything. Their fish selection is... Lacking. Very lacking. As is their selection in general.So why did I rate them 4 stars? Well, a few reasons.1) They have some items PetSmart just doesn't. For instance, varying nice wood litter box enclosures and cat condos you can kind of customize with attachments they sell.2) They sometimes have killer clearance deals. YMMV. I bought a small cat tree (a half moon bottom with a window perch on top) for $10 on clearance. My cats love it. I got a cat harness, a nice padded one, for like $2.3) They have different food options. Less of the mainstream but more of the natural, grain free and all that. My cats eat Royal Canin so this is irrelevant for me, but I am sure it matters to some of you.4) The people there are nice. At PetSmart they are nice but there are a lot of them and they sometimes hover. I hate, hate, hate that. Here, the staff seems minimal, but they are nice without being everywhere I turn. I like that.5) The manager. I forget his name, but he is an African American young man. I was interested in a clearance cat box cabinet but concerned the opening would not be large enough for my huge Maine Coon cats. It's dimensions were not listed. He opened it up for me, drug out the pieces and measured it for me without acting like it was the end of the world. Then he had to put all the stuff back in the box, and you know those put-it-together-yourself boxes are packed in some crazy Houdini fashion.It was large enough. After all that work, I asked him if it would be bad if I bought the unopened one. The other had been drug around trying to find the piece to measure and I was concerned it might have gotten scratched. I am picky. He said "Nope! If it were me, I would get that one too! No problem!" and then carried it up front for me since it was too bulky for the cart.At checkout, a guy with a pit bull had come in to return a muzzle. The cashier was obviously having a hard time. The guy was rude, yelling at the poor dog, and all over the place. The manager asked me if I minded waiting a moment and I said please, go ahead. He told him it was no problem, exchange it without a receipt, etc... While the guy yelled at him and the dog, he did a good job of averting a bad situation calmly.He then checked me out. I went to slide the bulky heave box onto my cart to take it to my car, and he said, oh no, please let me carry that for you, it is heavy... and he took it out and put it in my car.I was impressed with his customer service, that stuck with me. He handled the crazy guy with the poor pit puppy calmly and well. And he was very gentlemanly towards me, offering to carry and help and not acting like it was an inconvenience.Overall I will return to check out this Petco just because I was pleased with the service!
