4	I'm so happy that Charlotte has a couple of dedicated dog parks & this one is my favorite! My boyfriend & I took Milo & my boyfriend's roommate's dog (a miniature Yorkshire Terrier) here on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.The park itself is a huge fenced in area within Reedy Creek Park.  It's great because you can let your dog off their leash, or walk around the park with them leashed. It was rather funny, I was a bit apprehensive of letting Milo off the leash, but eventually I did.  He started walking around & was bum rushed by an extremely friendly Westie. They ran around & played for a few minutes & I felt a little more at ease.  Dogs of all sizes are wandering around playing, so it's best to keep an eye on your four-legged baby.  They have tennis balls available there for dogs to play with, & as you're walking around, you'll see several destroyed tennis balls lying around.Overall, the place is pretty well maintained. It's part grass & part dirt & they have picnic tables & benches around for you to sit on. While the do have trash bag stations set up for clean up, we noticed some "accidents", so you'll have to watch your step.Keep in mind, children under 12 are not allowed inside the park, under any circumstances. This rule is for safety purposes.We're definitely going to visit here more often.
5	Large...nice trees and big fields. Lots of water, shade and benches and tables. Quite nice!!
4	Our family dog absolutely loves going to this park and thankfully we like it too.  It's a decent size park and the amount of dogs vary depending on what time of day it is; so if your dog gets overwhelmed with too many friends around, it's easy to find a time where there may only be two or three other dogs there.  Early morning on the weekends is when it gets busiest.  The front half of the dog park is an open, used-to-be grassy field, and the back half is wooded.  There's a trail where people walk around the wooded area which is nice when you don't feel like just sitting on the bench watching the dogs.  There are plenty of baggie stands everywhere and they always seem to be replenished so it's not often you find yourself without a baggie.  There are always a few toys that have definitely seen better days laying around but the dogs never seem to mind playing with them.  All in all, great place to bring your family pet for some off-leash fun.
4	My medium sized pup loves to be outside and he loves to swim. This is a mess when trying to keep my car relatively clean. Barkingham does not have a pool or water feature but ample trees and space to run. This is a great park to walk laps while your dog romps. Lots of water buckets and water pump inside and outside the park. There is also a smaller area for smaller dogs. Lots of parking even on the weekends and surrounding trails. This isn't the giant dog park off 51 but for location, safety and cleanness this is a solid location for a an hour or two of romping.
5	Barkingham Park is my favorite Charlotte dog park, even though for me it's a bit of a drive. It's usually occupied by at least a few dogs, even at weird times like 2:30pm on a Wednesday... and on weekends with nice weather the place is absolutely full of dogs and people!About half of the park is wooded, the other half is an open field. It used to be grass, then it was alternately dust bowl or mud bog - currently it's covered with sand and pea gravel, which seems like the best solution under the circumstances. When it's dry, it gets pretty dusty when a pack of racing pups pull up short right in front of you, but you can always hang back in the wooded area a little and still keep an aye on your furry friend. As far as the muddy times, it really doesn't get too bad - I've seen much worse at some of the other local dog parks.There is a loop trail that goes around the wooded section, you can get in a nice walk with your dog off leash or just enjoy some exercise while your dog plays with new friends.There's also a separate area for small dogs, although I've noticed that those dogs usually end up joining everybody else in the big park.It's also a nice bonus that you can take your dog for a walk or run on the Reedy Creek trails before or after the visit to Barkingham Park!
3	I go here because there isn't another nearby place to take my dogs but do not go here if it has recently been raining. YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE HOW MUDDY THIS PLACE IS.
4	Open area... nice place to walk with your dog off leash. Water buckets everywhere.  Benches in the shade. Mostly friendly people.
