1	The store carries a nice selection of fabrics and notions.   The store is staffed by mean and nasty ladies. They are not helpful, nor are they friendly. When I asked advice about yardage for a project, the woman cutting the fabric acted as if I was asking her to donate her kidney to me instead of just saying she didn't know how much fabric I would need.   I went to another sewing store in the area and two other women agreed that they had received similar poor service at this location.  As far as customer service, poor is a compliment.
3	I go through phases...this last one was a crafty-fabric stage. However, it didn't last too long and I realized my lack of sewing intelligence during my trip to Hancock Fabrics. They are in a convenient location off of South Blvd. They seem to run pretty good deals (especially after the holidays) and for this reason I didn't buy anything to fulfill my crafty dreams. The line to cut fabric was approximately 4 people deep and the line to check out was at least double that. Long lines are a deterrent, especially when my husband is with me (and he was). This store seemed to have plenty to choose from, but it wasn't really organized or attractive. It had the feel of an older fabric store and no thrilling experience. If you are a hard core sewer, you'll perhaps find what you need here...but if you are looking for inspiration, this store doesn't really cultivate that.
2	while i am not a seasoned crafter, i do like to dabble in different things from time to time. i just joined a sewing group, and i needed to get a pattern and some fabric from hancock fabrics--especially since it happens to be one of the few fabric stores around. i was gravely disappointed with the state of the store. living within reasonable distance to south, i have had some interesting experiences with some of the stores on south blvd. some are gems, some are typical, and then some are just so devoid of customer service and cleanliness--it's like being in another country almost. i walked in, and i could not figure out where to walk first. the store just seemed so overly cluttered, and every aisle had open boxes and trash strewn about. while they may very well have been doing inventory or stocking, it seemed a little ridiculous that they would haphazardly do the whole store all at once, making it totally chaotic and messy. can we say "not ada compliant?" selection was okay, but nothing greater than a joann's or even walmart. i'm not sure if i will go back here, unless i have a really good coupon and know that this is the only place i can get something specific.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that I REALLY LIKED Hancock. Keeping in perspective that this is the ONLY fabric store I've found in the Charlotte area that has some decent apparel fabric. I read reviews on Google+ that were extremely poor in rating so I chose to side step Hancock for Mary Jo's which I hated and now regret. I am a fashion designer from Los Angeles temporarily relocated to Charlotte so my standards do not seem to be the norm based on reviews I've read. I thought Hancock looked completely appropriate and tidy for a fabric store. Yes, the lines were long for cutting but it went relatively fast. There are bolts stacked up on a sale table in the back but that's the way any sale table should look. I think if you're a sewing fanatic you're looking for fabric quality and not so much how the store looks aesthetically. One of my favorite fabric stores back home looks like a complete wasteland but has the best fabric and deals. All the bolts of fabric in Hancok were in the appropriate section and labeled accurately. The only thing I didn't like about Hancock was the price. I thought it was too high but I am willing to pay it considering the basic rule of supply and demand. I do not think any other fabric store in Charlotte had more affordable prices though. I have yet to correlate why fabric in Los Angeles cost $2.00 a yard and the same thing in Charlotte is $12.00 but whatevs. The staff I felt were also friendly. I guess there were employees in the past who were rude but they are no longer working there. I will say that there were two cutters who were busy at the cutting table and one cashier equally busy. If you're seeking one on one attention you will not get it which I don't fault the employees for.
4	If you are a hard core crafter, this is a fine little fabric shop located on South Blvd.  My mom is a quilter, BIG TIME, and I have attempted small projects here and there.  While not shiny and new like the Joann's further up South Blvd, this is a fine store with a decent selection of various types of fabric for clothing or projects.  This store/shopping center is OLD, so it looks it.  The notions wall is incredible and I am sure you can find anything you need.  The staff is helpful, though generally the lines to have fabric cut and to checkout are long, but move quickly.  When I have to visit, I typically head over during my lunch time, so the wait isn't too bad at all (going today for a gift card for mom for Mother's Day).  Some of the centers on South feel a little shady, but I always feel safe going to this one (I frequent the PetSmart just a few doors down).  The sales are pretty good and well marked.  Parking is easy enough.  It's a good spot for your crafting needs.
3	Surprisingly a nice fabric store, bad service.Fabric selection - was not bad. Easy to get to since it's here in Charlotte, and not a far drive to like Gastonia. Liked how you can easily get fabrics that are typically on sale during the holidays. Good find - they had few selection of furniture, wall art, holiday decor, sewing machines, things for the people who likes to sew by hand, pretty much everything. It was convenient to go to.Service - this is where it grates me. One lady is nice and she was helpful. The other older one was just in attentive. When it was my turn to get my fabric cut, I asked her a question, only to be ignored. She was too busy listening to another conversation. So when there was a pause/moment of silence, I asked her my question again. She then continued to talk to one of her fellow worker and another customer. I don't understand. If you had business with the customer, which you clearly asked me what she could help me with, then... Quit being nosey! She did not even remember the remnant cloth code. I know you worked there for a long while now. I have been here 4 times already.. And I just stick to the younger lady. Much more helpful. But I'm sorry I had to give this place 3 stars.
4	I had an occasion to revisit this store recently. The selection is still great AND it seems they have hired new staff.This visit was wonderful! There were three different associates working that day and each one was nice and very helpful.  I was able to find exactly what I was looking for and would now recommend folks to give this place a try.
