5	Club Parking is a FUN spot in Montreal!It has 2 floors: The main floor is the dance club, great club music, hot guys, and many on drugs. There is usually a cover to get in on weekends. It is hotter than hell sometimes, when it is full to the hilts, as the AC can not keep up. The downstairs is more of an older, leather crowd. It has AC and is much more comfortable. It does not have a cover charge. Both I find fun. Greg is the manager and is a real sweetie.
2	Arrrrgh! I do not like Club Parking! Thinking about my experience here puts my nerves on edge. I should clarify that my days of enjoying dance clubs have past, although some of my gay friends still push for me to go to clubs with them. I usually have lots of fun, but Club Parking was TOO MUCH. If there was ever an example of something being an "assault on the senses" this is it! It's one of those places where it's impossible to stick with your friends, even if you hold hands going through the dance floors. The club is packed to insane degrees and there are two huge floors to lose people. Occasionally, I walk into a bar like Parking that's completely not my vibe, which instantly gives me the impression that I'm too sober, which of course leads to too much drinking that I don't notice until I'm stumbling out of the doors at 2am. Anyway, the vibe of this place is fire hazard skin to skin people, more flashing lights than I've accumulatively seen anywhere else, a lot of people on drugs, smoke machines and cage dancers. Sigh, writing this totally makes me sound like an old biddy. A number of my friends enjoy this place, but just as many of my friends hate it. Actually, the friends who like it are all gay guys and the friends who hate it are all girls (gay and straight). I realize it's not for everyone, so see for yourself.
5	Parking is a great place. To correct the past two reviews, the venue has changed. It's the same address but the club is in a different place. Everything's all on one floor now, still two rooms. Sometimes the two rooms are open into one, all with the same music, sometimes it's two separate DJs. There's also another bar called the Tunnel, which is mostly only men (I've never been in).This club is definitely mostly full of gay men. If that's not your scene, then this club is not for you. If you're gay, or like partying with the boys, then you should consider checking out this club. It's an experience! They bring in the best DJs, which means that sometimes the cover can get up to 20 or 30$ but on regular nights the cover is reasonable (5-10$) and the drinks are always cheap! It's usually packed with shirtless men of all ages and types. There are always a few girls, gay and straight but if you're a straight guy looking to pick up, go elsewhere. The girls are usually there to party with friends and dance to great music. I go to this club almost every weekend and would recommend anyone going at least once. It's not for everyone, but go check it out for yourselves especially if you like great house music!
