5	Unfortunately I have had occasion to use Gates several times (accidents, of course).  Every time they were professional and good to work with.  I received good loaner cars.  On two different occasions I had to return up to a couple years later to address a part that didn't perform as expected.  They could have easy talked their way out of having to stand behind their work, but did not; they happily corrected the situation both times.
5	I unfortunately had to use their service recently and was very please with their work.  The job was done timely and it looked perfect except for one flaw which I pointed out and they immediately corrected it.  I had to wait an extra half hour for the correction and I was on my way.They provided a good car rental from Enterprise and had my car for about a week.The estimate was quite a bit lower than the final price which I was a little disappointed with.  I really think it should have been much closer to the actual cost.  It was all covered by insurance though so that was good.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.
2	The good:  the staff was helpful when I needed to get my car fixed, and the repairs were done in 36 hours, rather than the 4 days they quoted me.  I got a rental for that time.The bad:  I ran into problems when they did not file my claim correctly.  Eventually insurance paid for the repair but no one, not even "free loaner" Gates, wanted to pay for my loaner, so I got stuck with the rental bill.  I was eventually reimbursed, but it took 10 weeks.  They also damaged the locking mechanism on one of my doors when they had to take the panel off.  For a while it wouldn't lock at all, and I took it in and they jiggered something.  Now the button doesn't move, but it locks 90% of the time.  I'd like a door that locks all the time, but I now live out of state and will probably have to pay to get it fixed.
1	I unfortunately had a horrible experience at Gates auto body off the Beltline and Rimrock. I took my car into Gates after being told it was part of  "a network" of progressive insurance and that they would offer me a free loaner car.My car had been side swiped from rear to front along the entire driver side including a broken mirror while it was parked over night by a person with NO insurance. Everything seemed great for fixing the car until I came to pick it up 4 days later after being called from Gates telling me it had been finished.I showed up to find a nice painted over dent still on the passenger door along with the door not being put back together correctly and the rear bumper still being scratched up. It was sad to see such horrible collison auto body work done on my car!I refused to take my car as I pointed out the damage still on the car. I then ended up leaving with the loaner car for another 3 days until Gates called me again telling me some more news.The Good news included that yes the door dent had now been fixed properly and yes the door was put together fine.The Bed news, part of the reason for yelping so badly. The person I spoke with located at Gates, part of the progressive insurance estimater, told me that the bumper was not part of my accident and that Gates would not be fixing it due to a clear coat that had been scratched up on the bumper they said had been there prior to my side swipe. At this point speaking with manager's at both Gates and Progressive Insurance I was not happy. They were able to quickly "fix" my car, have me screw around with coming in to point out all the defects, and now tell me that my car bumper was broke before hand.....yeah, I just don't know what to say at this point other than:Someone hit my car without insurance while it was parked, progressive underestimted my bill because they wanted me just to leave the car at Gates auto body to get it fixed, and Gates auto body did a horrible job "fixing" it!You would think for all the screw ups and shotty work done for fixing my car that someone along the line would have just fixed my bumper from Gates auto body and would have saved themselved from me posting this!!!!!!!To sum it all up: Do not take your car to Gates Auto Body! Make sure your Progressive insurance adjuster points out every little ding and dent and scratch on the car.
2	Ok an update! Jesse the manager from Gates has gone out of his way to fix the problems. Everything now has been fixed on my car with a 100% promise that their work is up to par!As a "I'm sorry" I even received a gift card to Red Robin, dinner on Gates, showing me that they cared for me as a customer.The shotty collision repairs were not excusable, and since I had to be the one to point them out, this was not acceptable.I will still say my time was wasted fighting with Gates and Progressive about this, and it still was a horrible experience. But, thank you Gates Auto for making things right in the end result on your buck!
5	I have used Gates on two separate occasions and would never consider bringing my car anywhere else.  The staff is friendly and professional.  They are very quick to get your car in for an inspection and also the repair.  Their rates are on par or lower than other places I took my car, and most of their work comes with a lifetime warranty.  Do not go anywhere!
