5	Where do I even start a review for Pisces Reef?As soon as you walk in the store itself is beautiful.  The layout is well organized and easy to navigate.  All of the tanks are clean and very stylish.  I'm generally not a fan of freshwater tanks, but theirs are absolutely phenomenal.  I love their use of live plants and props, making the freshwater side very visually appealing without being corny at all.  Seriously, even if you don't have an aquarium of any kind and can't do business here, it's worth a visit based simply on how cool the store looks.  Oh, and I did I mention the huge water feature in the back?  A trickling waterfall into a pool of gorgeous freshwater plants, with a second layer below for their shark and ray tank display.  Yeah, this place is *that* awesome.Once you get beyond that, their service is great as well.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful and very knowledgeable.  Damon and his team time to talk with you to figure out what's best for your tank and how to take steps to improve or to reach a new goal within the hobby.  They have a great customer service style that never feels like they're shoving handfuls of product into your arms.  You get the sense that they genuinely want what's best for your aquarium, and they'll always point you in the right direction.We're definitely going to be making frequent visits to Pisces Reef, and we feel like our scaly, floppy little friends will appreciate them as much as we do!
5	We've been wanting to get a nice saltwater setup ever since we first moved here. Been to a couple other aquatic specialty shops, but none of them were as well-maintained as this place. For freshwater, they had a decent selection of live plants as well as fish, (and some amphibians). There were no signs of algae or dead/sick fish in any of the tanks. All of the saltwater fish and invertebrates looked healthy too. Best collection of living rock that I've seen in Vegas. Wayne was pretty helpful in answering questions and reassuring us that a marine setup isn't as difficult as most people think. He was pretty knowledgeable in species compatibility, as well as group and individual behavior of certain fish. I thought I knew a lot about fish, but his knowledge eclipses mine! He even took the time to explain the available biological filtration systems. Once again, I'm impressed at the cleanliness of the shop. Also, they had a beautiful shark/stingray tank set-up in the back. We left without buying anything this time, but at least got some good ideas for future purchases.
5	This place is awesome! The layout is very attractive and the ray and shark tank is very entertaining. They have a decent selection of fish and corals and they are competitively priced. The staff seemed helpful enough as I was there to just browse a new store. I ended up sitting at the ray tank watching the sting ray wave at me and my daughter for about 20 minutes. I will definitely be going back for a few fish.
5	I finally had some time to stop by and check out this store. Damon and his staff clean my tank at our office  and do an amazing job every time. His staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Damon really cares about our tank, and suggest what will go best and what to avoid. I love that I can call him and he will help me with any issues.  His store is very well put together. I had one guy ( I forgot his name) talk to me for 20 minutes About coral and different fishes that would be a great addition to our tank. Anyways. Bottom line amazing staff. Clean store. Not cluttered in any way. Can't wait to visit soon again.  :)
5	Best fish store in Las Vegas for freshwater plants/fish. I am sure they are excellent for marine too but, I don't know anything about saltwater aquariums.Located on the northwest corner of Sahara and Fort Apache behind UMC Quickcare. Pisces Reef Fish Emporium is my go to place for all of my aquarium needs. With a large selection of freshwater plants I am always able to find a new and interesting plant. Their selection of freshwater fish is impressive and fresh, it seems like they get new fish every week. Their aquarium accessories are competitively price to compete with any of the big box stores. They carry multiple brands and can suggest appropriate specifications for your aquarium. They have a large selection of fish food. They have a whole cooler dedicated to frozen fish food.The staff has always been helpful and prompt even when there are multiple customers. Nathan is particularly helpful and knowledgeable about freshwater plants and fish.Bottom line: Go here, whether you are a beginner or a experienced fish enthusiast.
2	I'm a avid saltwater hobbits and I understand the store is awesome but be aware their salt water fish have diseases. I was in a few days ago and almost every salt water fish has ich, eye fungus, and fin rot disease. Please look the fish over before you purchase before you infest your tank. I thought I had a disease free fish a month ago but was wrong. I lost over half of my livestock. Remember to always quarantine your fish before adding to your display tank. They need to get it under control and order from a different company or hand pick your fish.
5	This place is amazing! Easily the cleanest best stocked store in the area. Great livestock and supply inventory. The staff is all knowledgeable and eager to help. I could go on and write paragraphs about this store, but just go in and see for yourself. I am an avid reefer with high high high standards and these folks just never disappoint!
5	An amazing fish store. Wide variety of fish, coral, tanks, rocks & just about everything else related to fish. Clean store. Incredibly knowledgeable staff. Come in at any time and any of the staff can answer your questions.
5	I am beyond impressed with this place. The owner is extremely knowledgable and has helped us through some situations that other people could not diagnose. We have a 75 galloon tank and the fish we have purchased from Pisces and our previously owned fish are all healthier because of their help at this location. They will test your water for free as well. We are truly going to miss this place when we move back to CA :(
5	Beautiful store...gorgeous stocked aquariums on display, lots of merchandise in stock for the beginner or advanced aquarist and very knowledgeable staff...this store is one of two that I frequent and trust.
1	Not a Chance again! Don't get blinded by the bright floor when you walk in as we did. We learned a very expensive lesson in this store. We felt that as much as they put into the store and talking to Damon that they new there stuff, we were way WRONG! I can only speak for the saltwater side and it is crap. Most of the fish are sick or dying or dead in the tanks. If this were any other type of animal store, they would already be shut down. It is sad that they are allowed to kill so many animals. My wife listened to everything she was told there and bought everything they said and still the fish kept dying until I couldn't take it anymore and did research myself. After researching I new what to look for and it was another place to purchase fish if we were to keep our aquarium. This place is the MOST EXPENSIVE in Las Vegas with the POOREST QUALITY FISH and a saltwater manager that only knows to sell more and not care about what happens to the animals or how to care for them. So, I warn everyone looking to start an aquarium to research and learn what you can first before you waste your money here. Find another place to shop! There are many other stores in the general area. Learn what fish disease is and looks like and look at fish carefully before making a purchase that can destroy the lives of all the other fish in your aquarium. Again this store is beautiful and that's how they fool you into believing anything they say and take all the money from your pocket. DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN TO YOU OR YOUR FRIENDS!
1	AVOID this store!   Rude employees, over priced coral and fish. I was refused service for having an EMPTY cup!  True story No more for me...
1	The manager there was rude and had no personality. I would suggest reevaluating him as he is the reason we will not be returning. My husband is an avid fish keeper and was excited that a fish store opened close to home. The store is nice, but expensive and poor quality fish. There was a  tank full of fish with ich. They were still trying to sell it rather than separating and trying heal them. Too bad.
5	I went to Pisces Reef for the first time yesterday with a ton of questions and I was given a lot of help and also given the information of the manager who is even more knowledgeable.  Everyone I talked to was pleasant, easy to talk to, respectful, kind and calm.  I felt completely comfortable walking around the store and looking in all the tanks.  They had no problem answering my questions about freshwater plants, mystery snails, my tank cycle, etc.  I am extremely impressed.  And the store is just cool... the tanks are phenomenal and watching the shark swim around was a lot of fun!  I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.  I'm hooked!  ~Jules~
5	This is the best exotic fish store in town. Nathan is very personable, informative and helpful as well as the rest of his staff. A huge selection and the prices are great too. I would recomend Pisces Reef to anyone looking to start, add or continue to their fish hobby.
5	Nothing is better than going into a fish store that is clean and well run. Damon is the guy to talk to if you need help. Even when he is not free because the store is busy the employees are always willing to help. They have always stopped what they are doing to answer any questions I have. I am always amazed the number of fish they have. Your time will be well worth it to stop here.
5	The only fish store that I care to visit when I come to Vegas, I was helped by the co-owner Damon who was really helpful and knowledgeable, the staff was great and the tanks were beautiful. Lots of freshwater planted aquariums and a couple reef aquariums but I mostly come for the corals which are located towards the back. The 2 humongous frag tanks are filled with big colonies down to smaller frag pieces, I'm going back to California with 13 pieces of coral today !! Definitely a place to visit if your into aquariums and in the Vegas area.
5	This is the nicest store that I have seen in Vegas so far. Even if you're not planning to get into the hobby it's worthwhile to go there just to look around . I had been out of the hobby for about 10 years and after visiting the store I ended up buying two tanks. They set me up with everything that I needed and delivered everything to my house. The delivery guys were knowledgeable on time and very courteous just like the employees in the store. The manager Took care of me as if I were family. I do see there are a couple of bad reviews about rude employees but I can say 100% that is not the case. The place does get very busy daily so expect you might have to wait your turn for help. Go here if you want high-quality reef stuff and expert knowledge with fair prices.
4	I've been to this store quite a few times.  It's really a beautiful store! All tanks look clean and I enjoy peeking through each display.  They have a wide range of livestock and accessories.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because their prices tend to be a tad on the high side.  All staff members though are extremely friendly and will give you good advice.  It's a ways from henderson but well worth the drive.
5	This is the best fish store by far. I love the customer service everyone in the store is nice and highly knowledgable. The store manager Damon is so friendly and quick to help with any question or problem you may have. John has been servicing my salt water tank at work since they opened. He is always on time and very helpful with any question or situation I may have. The original store that sat the tank up did a real poor job and we had a major crash John had his job cut out for him but he did an awesome job restoring the tank and getting it back to top condition. I am so GLAD for Pisces Reef.I am now starting my own salt water tank at home and once again John is there to help. I wouldn't be able to do it with out him or this store. I will never step into any other fish store but Pisces Reef because no other store can measure up to them.I highly recommend this store to any person interested in fish or coral. I can't say thanks enough to John and Damon. You make this hobby fun and easy with your knowledge and willingness to help.So if your in the area of the store stop in and browse around you won't be disappointed.
5	This store is as good as it gets in Las Vegas. I highly recommend it. The manager, Nathan, makes a point to remember the names and preferences of customers.It is beautifully stocked and displayed. They carry hard to find and rare species. They have a large assortment of wood and other decor that is impossible to get at other stores. If there is something specific they do not currently have, they offer to order it.This store and staff balance fish geek customers & newbies well. I really appreciate the higher level of knowledge and customer care, a place like this was sorely needed in Summerlin.
4	We were going to Atlantis for almost a year before it closed and I didn't really have high hopes for a new store. This place is really nice though. They have a great reef selection. The large aggressive fish selection is a bit on the small side but that's about the only thing I would say the could expand inventory on, hence the 4 rather than 5 star review. The staff knows their stuff and they always ask if I need any help. Prices are reasonable.
5	These guys are super helpful and there's a great selection! The fish I've bought here are hardy and are doing great in my tank. Anytime I have a question or an emergency, I can get reliable information and help here.
3	The staff is knowledgeable but two fish died in under two weeks and they only have a 48 hour refund....
4	I love this place, after moving from CA, I wasn't sure where shop for aquarium accessories. It close to my house, the staff are great, the fishes are a bit pricey, but you expect that from your LFS. They have both salt and freshwater, and good stock of plants.
5	Visited this place for first time when I got my salt water tank.  Being new to the hobby I had a TON of questions.  Everyone I spoke to was very nice, knowledgeable and incredibly PATIENT.  Eric and Nathan were especially great.  They didn't make me feel like I was asking stupid questions, although I'm sure I was being such a newbie.  And I didn't feel that they were trying to sell me things that I didn't need.  I have to drive across town to get there, but after visiting other fish stores closer to me, I prefer to drive, knowing I'm getting the best.  It is the top notch quality in all aspects.  Can't say enough good things about this place.
