5	It seems difficult to find a coffee shops in Tempe south of the 60. At least two have closed their doors since I've lived in Tempe during the last 5 years.Solo has filled a much-needed niche.They have good coffee. Really good coffee. So good that the owner/barista actually asked me how the coffee was before I left. Imagine that! A barista that cares about his pour.The internet is free and fast (the latter might be because it is still pretty unknown... I haven't been in there and seen more than two other customers) and there are plenty of places to plug-in.The place has a comfortable feel to it... an eclectic mix of ikea bookshelves, modern photography, vintage records and lamps, and antique furniture pieces.One somewhat odd thing: liquid sugar. Out of a little dispenser. I ended up drizzling it down the side of my mug. Maybe its more eco-friendly than sugar packets? I dunno.My only gripe: as of early April 2008, they are only open until 9pm, making it an unreasonable destination for a late night of studying or socializing. They say this is going to change.They seem to be rolling things out slowly. They do accept credit cards (though a previous review indicated that they don't).
5	Best Feature: Too many to count!Ok, there's too many things that I want to say and if you know me, I don't like to make cluttered reviews so I'm just going to give it to you strait.The coffee is excellent - try their lattes hot first.  Their teas are greatThey have a giant hangy light thing which rocks.Have you ever seen a hardwood floor in Arizona!?DVD and record player free to use.  They raided the LP selection of someone from Pitchfork Media.WiFi.They got pews from a church in Prescott!  In my opinion it feels like you're at a train station!One of the owner's names is Chaz.Awesome
5	Five Stars. Why? Because it's damn near impossible to get a decent espresso pull in Tempe, and this place does it. Plus, it's close to my house (in Phoenix terms, at least) and to me, that counts for a lot.Did I mention that the owners are really, really, really, really nice? Really. Nice. And they care about their coffee in a way I haven't seen since I left Oregon (shout out to Stumptown in PDX and Full City in the Euge).The coffee is freshly roasted -- from Cafe Cortez here in town -- and the atmosphere makes you forget you're in a strip mall (not a bad strip mall, but still).Please, please, please go here. Give them your money. They deserve it, and you'll be a better person for it. Promise.
5	This place is RAD:1. Coffee is good.2. Ambiance is classy and chill.3. Place has character.4. Free wireless.
5	Great Vibe here...  tons of books can't my hands off the Jack Kerouac Collection, tons records you can listen to. Big comfy chairs and couch. not to mention WiFi.  They are starting up Open Mic nights too!! They have a variety of teas to choose from and drinks very good!!   both the guys who own it are cool.
5	The other night I was looking for a quiet place to work on a project that had free wi-fi, so I decided to try out Solo.Entering the cafe, I knew that this was a place that I will have to return. I ordered an espresso and a Cafe au lait, both were excellent. The espresso sweet and creamy and the cafe au lait perfect to relax with.There were a few people there, working, and the owner was chatting and putting away books. A very nice guy it seems.The decor of the shop is also well done, from the bicycle hanging from the wall to the post-modern lamp arching across the Victorian sofa. Lots of plugs for your laptop and fast wi-fi.They have a record player with headphones and an LP collection so you can just zone out to the music if you'd like. They also have a DVD collection and a medium sized flat screen to watch a movie on, if you'd so like. I glanced at the collection, and seeing Steve Zissou, decided it was quite adequate.They also boast a small collection of books on a borrow/take/donate system. Pretty rad.I am definitely returning. I'm glad to find a nice coffee shop that's not in Central Phoenix.
4	I was going to Solo almost everyday for two weeks!  Free wi-fi...i can walk there, and it's nice and chill.  I needed to get a lot of reading done and being at home wasn't doing it, so I went to my nearest cafe.I had an iced coffee the first time and they had a liquid sweetner they added. The next few times I had iced tea that they can customize and brew per order!  I love that!My rec is to go and have tea and blend your own elixir.
5	Solo is definitely one of my favorite places to get espresso now.  After checking out the great reviews on here, I decided to skip on my usuals (XB, Steve's)  and come here.  (No negatives or neutrals this time!)+ Great location.  Strip mall, not too much traffic.  The storefront faces Baseline, so you can sit in comfort and watch cars go by.+ The atmosphere is amazing!  I walked in and automatically felt at home.  There are couches, benches, tables, outside seating.  Everything you want in a coffee shop.  There's beautiful photography on the walls (which you can buy), including one of Jared Leto (or at least it looks just like him).  And there are plenty of places to plug in your laptop.+ Local coffee!! I love it when local shops use homegrown stuff.  I had never had this kind of espresso, but all I can say is that it's damn good.  I can't remember the name, though.+ The drinks.  Oh. My. Word.  I ordered a cafe mocha with no whip.  It was smooth, creamy, and had just the right amount of mocha.  It was to die for.  Also, if you're a big foam fan, you'll love any of their hot drinks.  I had about an inch of foam in my cup and it was thick and flavorful.+ The service is just as great as the coffee.  The guy at the counter was polite, helped me choose a good drink, and smiled.  I must say, it's going to be very difficult for me to find a place better than here.
5	So what's to say about this place, besides that it's Amazing?Entering you don't feel like you are in an Tempe coffee shop. They have this amazing 70's swing over retro lamp, and cool Victorian style sitting chairs. I really like the vibe of this place, although last time it sounded like I was hearing that horrible Staind band in the the background. Thank gawd for ipods! The bathroom was clean and Baristas always greet you and thank you when leaving. If this gives you any kind of sense of how cool this place is, last few times on the dvd player was The Incredibles, Life Aquatic and Sideways!Every time I have been there I order  the Acai and Strawberry smoothie and it has this great smooth taste that isn't overwhelming sweet like most other smoothies!This is a great place to draw, or to grab coffee with friends after dinner!
5	Apparently I'm just learning what others already know; this place is amazing.  I'm honestly reluctant to review it just because I don't want them to become too popular.  Don't get me wrong, I hope they make plenty of money.  I just don't want to lose the perfect atmosphere they have going.As others have said, the cafe is warm and well decorated without feeling overfull like Gold Bar.  My latte was phenomenal and the coffee they were grinding smelled amazing too.  All in all, the perfect place to get work done and feel good at the same time.
5	This is one of the best coffee shops I have ever been to.  Very relaxing yet stimulating with lots to look at.  Never too busy. Great place to hang out and work or study.  Free wifi, great food options and the best coffee and tea. Reasonably priced as well.  The guy that owns it is really chill and cool. My wife and I hit coffee shops all the time to study and work and this is one of the best places we have found. We drive 25 miles just because this place is the best.  They are adding some sandwiches and a roaster later in '09.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, closes at 9. What. Please, please extend your hours, Solo! I love you. :( You're so great that I'd be willing to switch over and make you my regular coffee spot instead of Gold Bar.
5	This place is five stars.  As a connoisseur of coffee houses I've visited everyone single one in Tempe and Phoenix and this place is the best.  Plenty of seating, lighting is great, plenty of places to plug in, great coffee.  To top it all off the tea drinks are unique and come in variety!  All the staff are wonderful, down-to-earth, professional.
4	Solo Cafe offers some of the best coffee and coffee service in the Valley. They are super friendly and their ambiance is also very nice. Two reasons I cannot give it a five:1. It is not a fast, in-and-out place. Most of the time there appears to be only one person working. You often have to wait several minutes for your drink. I am usually not in a hurry, so no big deal, but if I was in a hurry Solo would not be a place I would stop.2. It is often VERY quiet in there. Again, not a real problem. However, it sometimes feels a little like a library, and more than a few times I have been afraid to talk to my friends when sitting on their comfy furniture for fear a nearby computer user would give me the evil eye for disturbing their "work" environment.Great, independent coffee house. Check them out!
5	Oh man, as good as it gets! I love their coffee and espresso. Art is hanging on the walls, lots of books, conversation. You're not treated like a number, rushed out the door as fast as possible. I used to go to a coffee shop like this in Moscow, Russia. I love this place. If I lived a little closer to it, I would go daily.
5	I'm sitting at Solo right now with a friend, each of us working on our own projects. I love this place. Great coffee, all local. Also, a great place to work--relaxing, not too busy, and pretty quiet. I'm a coffee-camper, so this is the place for me!On a side, but no less important note, I think it's really incredible that wife's hair salon and husband's coffee shop are connected. What a great family experience!
5	The last two times I've returned to Solo Cafe, I've brought friends.  Each of these friends have remarked that their drinks were the best coffee they'd ever had.  I have to agree that the espresso drinks are absolutely perfect.  I wish they were open later, but the quality of the drinks, the very friendly staff, and the atmosphere still makes this my favorite coffeehouse in Arizona.
5	Solo Cafe is definitely one of the premier coffeehouses in the Phoenix area. They make excellent coffee drinks from Ron Cortez-roasted beans and all of their tea and pastries are from local businesses as well.The ambiance at Solo can best be described as upscale eclectic. It definitely isn't pretentious, but it isn't the typical bohemian coffeehouse feel. The owners of Solo just completed a minor facelift of the shop, changing out some of the art and rearranging the interior. On the back wall, they added a large mural which features the Solo Cafe name. Also, they're in the process of adding a kitchen so that they can offer a wider selection of food, which I think will serve to make this awesome coffeehouse even better.Solo Cafe is a gem among the Phoenix coffee scene and it's great to see a local business thriving.
5	I'm sure those that know me are not surprised my first review is of Solo Cafe. I can say without a doubt that it's pretty much my second home. I first stumbled across Solo due to it being connected to Altered Ego Salon & Spa, where i was able to order a tasty beverage from my salon chair. The first mocha was heaven and we have been inseparable ever since. One of my favorite elements of Solo is the atmosphere. It has a feel that is truly all its own. While the furniture and initial look may seem like the typical eclectic coffeehouse, I assure you it is so much more. The cafe has unique and comfortable furniture, games to play, books to read, and free wifi. The lighting is just perfect so that anyone can feel comfortable working yet also take a break and be instantaneously relaxed.Equally important is their amazing menu and fabulous coffee skills. I can never get enough of the cherry danish and an iced peppermint cream, which is a tea-based beverage. I can also say that they have the best mocha I've had in the Phoenix area to date. Last but not least is the friendly staff. I love the few moments I catch the place mostly to myself and can enjoy my coffee or tea, break out the macbook to get some work done and have a side conversation about music or whatever else happens to come up.
4	One thing my boyfriend and I like to do during the hot days of summer is to relax and read a good book while sipping an iced coffee at a local coffeehouse.  This week we went to Solo Cafe.  We were kind of hungry so we thought maybe we could get a sandwich there.  Unfortunately, they do not have a kitchen and the only food they serve are pastries at this time.  Luckily Solo is in a strip mall with food options.  We left and came back.  I had an Iced Cafe Latte and my boyfriend had a Iced Cafe Mocha.  Both very good drinks.  Also, the barista was very nice and seem really laidback and cool.  Another plus is that they have free wi-fi.  Important for me because I was doing catching up on some work while my boyfriend read his book.  This is definitely a place we will go back to.
5	It took me a year to venture from my Apartments from across the street to Solo Cafe, but I'm glad I did tonight. The place is a little small, cozy is a good descriptive word for it. The staff is very friendly and enjoy what they do. They offer "to go" or "hangin' around" options (meaning disposable if you intend to dash, or glass if you intend to stay).The menu has a wide variety and fair price for each item. I always go for Italian Sodas (I'm not a huge coffee drinker myself). The night I went there was a local jam band playing in the corner and they really set the mood of the place. It is definitely worth stopping by.
4	Looking for a new place to try not too far from home but far enough. Ended up at Solo after reading a friend's review on arizonacoffee.com. The barista was way friendly and laid back. Got a ginger peach tea that was oversteeped, but the ham & cheese croissant was awesome. Tried a mocha next, and thought it was kinda cool that it didn't come in the traditional sort of coffee cup. Really enjoyed it. I hate drinks that are too hot and this was just right. Been here 90 minutes today and feel like I just slipped into a place like a comfortable glove. Great place to work, grade, and chill. Free WIFI, Too!
5	Solo is my favorite coffeehouse in Tempe, though I'll start out by admitting I seldom drink coffee. They have a great selection of loose leaf teas and will brew it for you plain or as a latte. I recommend the Toasty Almond as a latte or a Yerba Matte Latte.  Spicy Pear brewed plain with just a touch of honey is amazing, too.  When it comes to a coffee house, atmosphere is just as important as drinks, and Solo is a really nice place to spend time.  Free wi-fi, tons of outlets, a variety of seating, friendly baristas, good decor, diverse music, clean restroom, all that good stuff.  If you have been meaning to stop in, do, and you'll become a regular before you know it.
4	One of my favorite coffee houses, a real treat, one of the best places to study and meet with friends, most of the time it's pretty quite besides the neighboring businesses that are both open to this little coffee shop, and did I say little? I mean pretty small, but every time I have gone there has been plenty of good seating.Most of their drinks are definitely worth staying for, their large is served in a glass the size of a beer mug. The iced coffee and mocha are both excellent, and ridiculously good for the money. I really love the vibe of this place, great music, arcade fire, snow patrol, adele, can't wait to start studying here more often as the school season picks-up.
4	Many, many stars for the mild and delicately flavored (i.e., not burnt to hell, sbux style) coffee! Very refreshing to not have to temper the glass of acid indigestion with fifteen Splenda packets. The dude working there was really nice, although in no hurry. I was hoping for a bigger selection of food, but it looked like biscotti from Costco was it for me. Maybe I was too late (9 am)? No worries -- I'll be back, when I'm in this part of town. A very pleasant surprise!
5	Free wifi, large selection of quality tea and coffee, very reasonable prices, great atmosphere.
3	I'm always looking for a good coffee shop in the East Valley. I really like Gold Bar down the road, but decided to give this place a try.I came in on a Sunday evening this November and, despite there not being many cars in the lot, the place was fairly full. I'm not sure where these people came from.There's a bench against the wall with tables and single chairs perpendicular. Another couple of tables are on the other side of the room for slightly larger groups. The bottom of the bench offers lots of outlets for working, and there is free wifi, although it requires a code from the staff.The coffee was terrible, but I wasn't looking for gold exactly. It was served in a glass, which is nice (I hate when they serve "for here" drinks in the disposable mugs). They were also playing what sounded like a Styx' greatest hits CD overhead but, after I asked about it (I honestly was not complaining, just curious), switched it out to some cheese pop. It was also butt-ass hot in there. Sure, it's November, but it still gets warm in Phoenix. How about a swamp cooler?What ticked me off about the place was that they don't give discounted refills: you have to pay full price for another cup. I haven't seen many places do that and, if they do, I don't go there again. $3.50 for two cups of bad coffee is a little much.Nice atmosphere though, and it's a nice strip mall with a popular burrito place next door.
5	In a city full of chain coffee shops it's nice to find this gem tucked away inside a dull strip mall. It's a small place but laid out in such a way that allows for a good numbers of tables and a couch area. The atmosphere is laid-back and comfortable and the people working behind the counter are friendly.I can't speak to the coffee section but they have a decent loose-leaf tea selection and they will make it iced or hot.The only thing I found lacking was a selection of snacks. Sometimes it's nice to grab a muffin or a cookie when you're hanging out.If you're looking for a good alternative to Starbucks or just want a place to hang out and read or study, Solo Cafe is an excellent option.
3	After finding Fitness Road a couple weeks ago, I knew I wanted to swing by this coffee shop the next time I was in the area.  It was surprisingly busy, with most tables inside taken.  I ordered a latte, and since there was only one person working I had to wait about 10 minutes.  No biggie, I wasn't in a hurry.  The latte was delicious!  The environment was quiet......too quiet.  Service was pleasant.  I think I'm not enough of a "hipster" to fit in here.  Can't say I'd be back, but my experience was A-OK!
2	Nice decor.Chocolate was chalky and the drink left a sour, cloying aftertaste on the palate. Not crazy about the roast here. It was a bit acrid and contributed to the overall sour flavor of the drink. I ended up leaving half my drink. They use Monin chocolate syrup here. I'm not sure where they get their roast from, forgot to ask.The service was polite and prompt.May try again, but not in any rush.
4	I've come to like Solo quite a bit. I'm a professor at ASU and like to do a lot of writing off campus (continuing a habit I picked up in grad school). Solo is great for that. Meets my criteria:*decent number of outlets for laptops*seats that aren't too tiny and uncomfortable*free wifi (ask barrista for password)*espresso ground by hand, not by a machine*skim milk available*plenty of parking*air conditioning not too strong*not too crowded*music not too loudSee? I'm picky about my coffee shops. The only downsides I've found are:*there's really no food at all except for the limited number of bakery items they receive each morning*like most coffee shops, pretty bad art and a lot of dust everywhere*too smallAs far as the coffee goes, it's fine. Not too nutty, not too burnt, not too acidic. I'm just glad to find a shop where there are no automated espresso drinks. Oh! And the biggest plus: friendly staff of adults who know what you're doing and why you're there and won't bug you so you can get your shit done. A++ WOULD BUY AGAIN.
4	There's lots of good things to say about this cafe.1) Small but lots of seating. Cozy.2) Wonderful espresso3) Nice baristas4) Very convenient location5) Prices are competitiveReminds me of cafes that I used to visit a lot when I lived in a smaller city.  I defintely recommend!
4	Hadn't been to this place in a while but swung by the other day after hanging out with a friend at the Baseline Sports Bar just down the plaza. Once I was inside I remembered why I like it, damn good coffee simple as that. The interior is cool and the people who work there are really nice. I wouldn't say punk gallery meets retro-Victorian (it's not really either of those things I think) but it is definitely a great place for a coffee
4	We just happened upon this cafe via our GPS & wow were we pleasantly surprised!!My husband being from SF & my many trips there has taught me a lot about the mediocre coffee offered here in town. When I walked into Solo Cafe... it was like I had ventured on a trip to a cozy, special little place tucked away in the streets of San Francisco! The vibe was cool, the decor was great, the service was personal & the coffee was an awesome change from the usual Starbucks. It just felt good!! The ambiance alone won me over. We are excited to make this a regular weekend trip!Great job going Solo!!!
5	I wish I lived closer to Solo. I wish I could bike over in 5 or 10 minutes. Oh I wish! I've been searching for an indy shop for awhile for my tea and wi-fi time. The owner couldn't be more happy or kind. There couldn't possibly be more power outlets. I don't think the mood could have been much better.I enjoyed a decent selection of tunes, friendly chats with a diverse patronage, and a tall hot South African Rooibos (good tea selection for us tea drinkers) ! Solo definitely is what I needed in a cafe. And it reminds me of several fave indy shops back in NYC. And another thing, really important thing----I felt like a grown-up in a grown-up cafe, and not some grown-up invading the ASU student  more hip than thou cafe with spazzed out staff and music I wish they'd shut off and sofas threatening to infest. (I'm actually in love with several businesses in this plaza. A new go-to plaza for me!)
5	Solo Cafe is like The Usual Suspects.  Great, memorable scenes, sharp dialogue flying about, and a remarkable cast.  And a soundtrack that fits naturally with its environment.Slinging the lattes and mochas are a few gents not new to making an awesome cup (or glass) of java and if they are, you'd never know because the drinks are not only delicious every time, but consistent from whoever makes them.  Whether or not you stumble upon Solo for the 1st time or go in there knowing it well, you will enjoy the laid back atmosphere, the great service, and delicious beverages.  Not to mention unlike other cafes, this one is open late (for coffee hours that is...) So go in, get an iced cafe mocha with soy milk (my personal fave) and skip the Bucks that's overpriced and impersonal.  Support the "little guy".  You'll feel sooo much better slurping on the caffeine that way.
5	I just love this place. Whereas many coffee shops are commercialized and fast paced, just like their coffee, Solo Cafe' is intimate and welcoming. For me, no other coffee shop actually captures the European experience. Great vibe. Amazing lattes. Beautiful surroundings. Besides, when I saw  the Hunter S. Thompson like mural on the wall, I just knew it was a keeper!Grab a coffee, bring your lap-top, or a book, and enjoy one of the hippest coffee shops around!
5	This place is so cute! I walked in and was promptly greeted by a very friendly barista-man. Since I'd never been before, I asked him if there was anything on the menu he was especially proud of and he recommended I try the white chocolate mocha. I found a cute little table in the corner and they brought it out to me. He was right, it's delicious! It reminds me of the mochas I get in Seattle. The whole place is great. Interesting art on the walls, old school library feel and tasty coffee. The only thing I would change is I would expand their pastry selection a little. Summary: Friendly, cheerful, cozy, cool art, nice music, fast wifi, and splendid coffee!
4	I have to say that Solo Cafe has a feel all it's own. Although it's not the style I prefer, I have to admire it for it's small, cozy feel. The free wifi and comfortable seating make this place great. I go here from time to time since it is close to home. The staff has always been friendly.The coffee here is pretty good. The teas (iced or hot brewed) are some of the best I've had in a long time. They do offer some pastries as well. I only wish that they had a few more options as far as food goes. The only big negative I see in this place is that it is small (which is  a positive as well) and at times can get very crowded. Otherwise, it's a good local coffee house with a personality all it's own.
4	The time has finally come to review Solo Cafe.  I've been here quite a few times, and every time that I return I get a more and more positive feeling about it.  I plan to update this review after another number of months and see if I can get it to five stars, but here's what got it to four so far:* Lots of people studying - a great place to go if you're like me and prefer the communal suffering of a busy studying environment.* As many people have mentioned - the wifi* Grunge music - kind of random for a coffee shop but suits this one well* Friendly, but not overly bubbly, barristas who know a ton not only about their own coffee, but the local importers and competitors* Reasonable prices* and last but not least - the cool murals on the wallSolo Cafe is definitely the best coffee shop in that Southern Tempe area.  If you work in the Autoplex or AZ Mills - stop by here for sure!
5	Well-executed coffeshop.  Plenty of seating and unlike most places they have free wireless; comfortable and light atmosphere.  They stated they are able to make lunch soon.  I have yet to experience that but by their coffee would think they are going to be a lot busier at lunchtime.  The owner pays attention to details making this place a long term Tempe gem.
5	I was looking for a cafe, just hoping I'd remembered correctly that one was in this location.  So I stopped in, thinking, "meh, someone else opened a coffee shop.  Whatever.  Let's see if I can camp out and get a little work done."  But as I walked in, I found that this place already has a decent following -- several happy customers sitting around.  And then, the owner/manager(?) saw me as he was working on something for another customer.  And this is when I became truly impressed with this place. He said hello, and then followed that he'd be able to take my order in about a minute.  And he did.  I ordered just a regular coffee, light/medium roast, which is my typical order at a coffee shop.  His response was something along the lines of, "Great, I'll get that for you in just a few minutes.  We should probably brew a new pot."  And then the kicker -- he noticed my leather satchel and inquired whether I'd been here before.  I said no, and he followed with a warm welcome and advice on how to get electricity and wifi for my computer.  Truly an all-around warm experience.  It's amazing what a little bit of good customer service can do to make the customer happy.But that isn't all.  This establishment only uses locally sourced coffees and teas, and they take pride in the quality.Also important, the decor and ambience are great at this place, as is the music selection, the library of books, the seating arrangement, and the overall concept.  It's attached to a boutique on one side and a hair salon on the other, with people migrating back and forth the entire time I was here.This is definitely a place I look forward to returning.  And it's a much needed service for this neighborhood.
4	My favorite coffee shop in Tempe so far. Kind of small but very nice people behind counter and a decent espresso. If you like true Italian style espresso, check this place out.
5	This place rocks the universe!
5	Great drinks, super friendly owner, very comfortable atmosphere. Solo offers whole, skim and soy milk options.
4	I recently started coming to here and I really enjoy it. The coffee is very cheap and good. Friendly staff, plenty of room to hang out. Although It does get crowded very fast I've noticed. But overall, it's a good place to hang out.
4	friendly staff and they take their time to make your drink RIGHT! definitely a good place to try.
5	came here in an attempt to get some work done. its a super cute and comfy place. everyone is really friendly. i love that there is a power strip that runs along the floor so you don't have to worry about finding a spot to plug in your laptop. free wifi is always a plus. the iced chai was really good too. i love this place! =)
4	really relaxed place.  cool art on the walls.  free wifi, snacks and sweets.  plus of course the coffee is really tasty and unique.  now i want some....
5	Iced coffee on a nice day out on the patio, or iced tea on a hot day in the cool AC.  So much better than going to a chain! Thanks Chad!This place is always so welcoming when you walk in the door.  There are cool clusters of furniture and tables, a record player, and tons of books and games to peruse.  The cafe is connected to Alter Ego Salon, so it's the perfect way to spend an afternoon getting pampered and sipping yummy coffee drinks.  And you can also go splurge on Mexican food next door!
4	This place is chill. We like to come here to chill.Service is great- they always have suggestions for patrons.The atmosphere is cozy and eclectic. The artwork ranges from interesting to what-the-hell-is-that?There are some nights where there is live music- I wouldn't suggest comig here to chit-chat on those nights. Come for the music.
5	Funky cozy place.  Phenomenal Yerba Mate latte which is something I haven't really seen at other coffee cafes.  The service was impeccable.  I'll definitely be back.
5	First and foremost, I'm not the biggest coffee drinker, usually a sucker for coffee beans & sugar -- mainly why my drink is a white chocolate mocha.  However, my girlfriend is a big-time coffee fanatic and a barista.  She moved to the valley of the sun months ago and immediately tried to find a place that reminded her of home.  I can admit that I had never been to Solo because I rarely ever drank coffee, let alone went to a coffee house to sit around while drinking it.  Times change I guess.  At any rate, enough of my rants.  We went to Solo Cafe six months ago for the first time and absolutely loved it.   Yes, FREE wi-fi, which is always a good idea if you're running a cafe, a easy going atmosphere, "coffee-esque ambiance" with bookshelves, tables, books and games.  The latte is awesome and if you're a sucker for sweet drinks like I am, I do highly recommend the White Chocolate Mocha.  Friggin' awesome.  I'm a pastry (cherry) and mocha man now thanks to Solo.  Costs me about $5 total for both.  For the overall quality and professionalism, go check it out and Chad (owner) we'll be happy to make you a drink.
5	This place is fantastic. Artsy, collegiate, chill feel. Nobody bothers you if you want to hole up in the church pew bench against the wall and work, or you can chat about music or philosophy on the couch amongst the hundreds of eclectic books on the shelf. The owners and employees are friendly without being intrusive, the coffee is impresive in quality and preparation. They use local people to roast their coffee...big plus in my book. The place is green using real dishes instead of defaulting to paper products, they use organic ingredients whenever they can, and there is free wifi. All in all a solid, local, genuine shop. Go there. The green monster won't miss you, and you can feel better about yourself for not being a sheep (if even just for a day)
5	I had a morning meeting at Solo this morning. The atmosphere was great, very casual and eclectic. The coffee was also very good and they serve it up in GIANT glasses. I can put down my fair share of coffee, almost always require a refill, but this time I think it outlasted me!I definitely recommend to anybody in the neighborhood to pay a visit to Solo.
5	I'm here almost every Saturday and I always bring friends. The barista are great, the regulars are relaxed, the drinks are carefully made (and delicious) and the atmosphere is *perfect.*
5	LOVE this place! I went here to meet friends and grab a coffee last weekend and it was perfect! Great service, delicious Latte, clean and cute design with seating inside, and just the perfect mix of people to make it feel like a great place to converse or enjoy a coffee and relax on your own. BONUS: There's a really cute hair salon connected through a side door - I'm coming back for a coffee and a hair cut next time!
5	In my quest to find a new coffee spot in Tempe, I've landed on Solo Cafe. It was recommended by my friends on Facebook and Twitter mutually, so it had to be good. I admit I am not a coffee geek. I don't know all the different roasts and flavors. However, I always appreciate accommodating and helpful baristas. When I went, I was able to explain in laymen's terms of what type of drink I want and he concocted it. Was quite pleased just on that alone. Not all coffee shops do this well and must be noted.  The tables are clean and the layout is definitely creative. It's calming. I think what I like most about this place is that I can actually unplug and relax and enjoy a coffee -- or bust out my laptop and get some work done. If you're looking for one of the top rated coffee shops in Phoenix or Tempe, this is definitely one worth trying out.
5	Great place, but is closed now as of Feb 17. Note on door about closure due to non-payment of license fees. Also a note that updates will be on Facebook, but nothing there. Too bad.
5	I'm one of the baristas at Solo, and I just wanted to drop a quick note to everyone that came by this past week while we were closed. There was a small mixup with a permit payment that turned into quite the bureaucratic debacle. WE ARE SO SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE. WE ARE BACK OPEN NOW AND WILL CONTINUE TO BE! The understanding and support we've received over the past week from our customers has been overwhelming and humbling. Thank you guys SO MUCH for your patience and loyalty. Saying you guys are the best is an understatement. We look forward to seeing you again soon and spending our days with you!
4	Such a great place - small, cute, delicious coffee. I will add a star if they have pastries next time ;) I hear sometimes they do.
1	Boy, I sure would like to be able to try this place out and give it a decent review. Unfortunately, Solo Cafe seems to be the only coffee shop on the planet that doesn't open before 8 am.I'm not sure who Solo's target customer is... Maybe folks who like coffee for lunch and don't work during the day? If that's the case, it seems like they're cutting out a huge portion of potential customers, especially since they're the only coffeeshop in the area.When I got there at 7:30 this morning to find them closed (after confirming on their website that they open at 6 am), I ended up driving another couple miles to Extreme Bean. They were happy to take my money and give me a cuppa (having been open since 5am, I think), and I saw no fewer than 12 cars in their parking lot and drive-through. At least I know I'm not crazy for wanting coffee so "early!"Solo Cafe, PLEASE open earlier!
4	I have passed this cute little joint a couple times and I felt like today was a great day to make the plunge!  I was not disappointed in the least.  I got a coffee and a muffin both of which were delicious.   The place was quaint and laid back and made me feel right at home.  For a person who does not like sitting in a coffee shop or restaurant alone that is quite the accomplishment!  Needless to say, I will be a returning customer...I recommend to all coffee drinks that have not been...to go! (=
4	I went here the other day on my Coffee Tour O' Phoenix, FTW!!! I tried to go last Sunday, but they don't open til late on Sunday (I would think this would lose them a lot of business... but whatever, that's their choice). So I went here with the BF yesterday morning to get some coffee and pastry before I had to go to school. The place is pretty cute inside, I really like their couch and fancy chairs, the rest of the furniture looks like it came from Ikea, but whatever, Ikea is cool. We went up and ordered a couple of lattes, a chocolate croissant, and a cranberry scone. Healthy. ha. So we waited a bit and then the barista called us up to get our drinks. It was so weird cuz the hot lattes come in glass cups... like beer cups. I found it strange... but I guess that doesn't matter. The lattes were good, not as good as my go to (cartel) but still good. The pastries were also yummy. The croissant was delicious and the scone was just ok, but quite large, I couldn't finish it. So this place is definitely a winner on the tour in comparison to some of the places I've been to which have been nothing exciting. There were a bunch of people there that all knew each other but didn't sit together, that was kind of weird.... I could see myself coming back here again when I want to mix things up.
4	So I've been at Solo Cafe for about 2 and a half hours now writing a paper and so far so good! When I first arrived here I was greeted by a very friendly barista who was happy to discuss the drink options with a first-timer. I settled on a mocha and it was delicious! I like that it wasn't scorching hot - so I could enjoy it right away instead of having to sit and stare at it for 5 minutes. Also I really like the atmosphere here. The place is pretty small (I like this in a coffee shop - at least until I get here and there's no where to sit). It's also pretty quiet, which makes it a good place to sit and study. My favorite part is that I have been here for a while now and don't feel obligated to leave like some places. The -1 star is because the chair I'm sitting isn't very comfortable (hahah) but they do have couches, which is probably a better alternative. Also, they don't have a very wide selection of pastries/food. This is always a bummer when I go to a place to study. I'm generally pretty lazy, so I don't like having to stop working to go somewhere else to get food. Despite this I will definitely be returning soon!(Anyway, my Yelp break is over... back to the paper) :(
5	Berkeley, California feel.
5	coffee is great! very friendly staf and great place to relax and drink a cup of coffee :-)
4	This is a solid coffee shop, and the mocha is absolutely amazing.  Downsides: they were a little busy so the drinks took FOREVER to make (I didn't mind cuz I was there to study but some other people were getting a little frustrated) - not a place you rush in and out of to get a quick caffeine fix. Someone who I think works there (owner maybe?) was just standing around behind the register asking everyone if they wanted water while they waited because it would take a while.  That was thoughtful, except that the entire 20 minutes it took to make my drink, he never once lifted a finger to help the barista take orders or make drinks, and whenever there wasn't a customer actively paying at the register he was complaining to the barista (who was diligently trying to work quickly to make the drink orders that were piling up) about how several customers earlier were annoyed at how long the wait was.  He was also incredibly talkative to customers standing around, to the point of annoyance for many of them.  I might have given this place 3 stars for the annoyance factor, but the mocha was so good it deserves its own star for sure.
5	Non corporate coffeeSolo cafe has become my new favorite place to have my cup of joe and work. Ty makes a rockin americano or cappucino and they have a great variety of teas and some awesome pastries. The vibe in the place is very cool with awesome artwork and cool tunes in the background - no muzak.It is also not too loud and has free and easy wifi and outlets everywhere. Might just trade in my gold starbucks card.
5	Awesome ambiance! Great seats, etc. plus great coffee - and the foam on the coffee is to die for.Note: I went in last Friday and the barista was SUPER RUDE.  I specifically asked for my MEDIUM coffee in a MUG not a glass cup- who wants to drink hot coffee out of a glass cup...Not me.  I was on the phone when ordering, which must have pissed him off.  When I picked up my coffee, I said I had wanted it in a mug. He said "mediums only come in the tall cups- you ordered a medium."  I reminded him that I asked for it in a mug- even if it was a medium.  He acted put off and then dumped it briskly into a large mug and said there you go.... Which of course ruined the foam.   My husband likes this place, but  I don't.  There are plenty of great coffee shops in PHX that don't treat you this way.  NOT a fan of this place.
5	I've been going to Solo for about 2 years now. I discovered it because I get my hair cut next door at Altered Ego. It's a nice little walk from my house, so I love to head over on the weekends for a coconut mocha when I get a chance. I also suggest it anytime someone wants to meet up near my house. It's a great place to have a conversation and a great cup of coffee, and the people I meet there always have great things to say about it. Some people would be annoyed that your drink isn't ready instantly, but I don't mind waiting knowing that someone is very carefully making a beautiful and delicious drink just for me.
5	Out of all the places I frequented during my time in Tempe as a college student, I miss this place the most.When I discovered this place near the beginning of my senior year, I went perhaps 3-4 times a month. The ambiance and friendly service from the baristas is enough to pick this place over Starbucks or some other chain, but no, this place goes the extra mile in every which way.The coffee is brewed to order, with top shelf organic, fair trade ingredients. This means you're going to have to wait a bit for your drink (about 5 minutes, unless its busy, then maybe perhaps as much as 10 if only one guy is working the bar). So this place isn't if you want a quick cup of joe to go. But the coffee is well worth the wait. Coming from the DC area, I've been to my fair share of coffee houses, and this is by far and away the best coffee I've ever had. The baristas are experts at presenting the full flavor of whatever drink you order. Everything on the menu is worth a shot, and be sure to ask the barista on duty for their picks if you're feeling indecisive.This is the perfect place to come after class and order a large (or two) and work on school work. The clientele is mostly college folk and other assorted hipster types, so if you're into the local art or music scenes, you can come down here and make a few friends.Cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Love it! Best - and possibly only - coffee shop where you can get a spicy chai latte in the east valley. The barista, who is almost always the same guy whenever I stop in there, is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about what he does.
5	As a recent grad who just quit her job, I find that I have a lot of time on my hands.... I am needing to fill my days while escaping the confines of my house.... so I've been on the hunt for local coffee houses to clear my head at.... Solo Cafe may be my favorite.Solo Cafe is really fantastic.  The staff is super friendly and know their coffee. Everything I've ordered has been made perfectly, not to mention they DON'T CHARGE EXTRA FOR SOY, which probably pushes them into first place on my list.  I love the nutty taste soy adds to my coffee but refuse to pay extra for it at other coffee houses.  The atmosphere is perfect.  Its quiet enough to get work done, unlike a busy bustling Starbucks.  There is free Wifi and ample tables to work at.  They are even equipped with extra electrical outlets (which can be a huge detriment in other coffee houses)!!!!  Go Solo Cafe!!!  There are huge bookshelves (not filled with the usual trashy romance novels), cool local art, giant robots (yes, robots), comfy cushy couches and chairs if you are more in the mood to curl up with a book rather than ferociously write a paper.
4	The atmosphere and artwork - amazing. Baristas - great, but they like to get to know you after a few visits and then they become friendlier. Spicy Chai Latte Hot - a little bit of heaven.Ill be honest, I discovered "my drink" on my first visit (I stop by at least once a week since it's near work) Hot Spicy Chai Latte with Skim milk. The "spicy" gives the drink an extra kick that you just don't get with a normal chai latte. So I never have every ordered anything else. My huge pet peeve? They don't always open at 8am like they state on their door. Not just by a few minutes, but sometimes not even within the first hour... I want to support this great local hangout and it's hard to if they don't open their doors. NOTE - 8am! Yes, they sell coffee, but I guess they need to sleep in first. :rollseyes:Also it's a great place to meet a client in a late morning etc. There are some seats outside for when it's a beautiful AZ day.
5	This place has Portland coffee! Ok, not really, but seriously - it's got the same muddy, murky, delicious quality that reminds me of rainy days in coffee shops in March in Oregon. I ordered the house French press, which for $2.75 is maybe the best deal in Tempe - it provided me two (and some change) cups of amazing coffee. The atmosphere is pretty great, too. The barista was nice and gave me a lot of info when I inquired about their beans (they are supplied by Cortez Coffee, a local roaster). Like the other reviewers mentioned, it's a great spot to take a book and spend some hours reading and people watching. Solo might be my new coffee crush.
4	Great atmosphere and great coffee! Barista was very friendly.Great attitudes and products make me want to come back for sure!
5	Love the local coffee houses! Gotta support them. I've been coming in for girls nite & every time have had a great experience. The iced chai is soooo good. I'm hooked. Great music & comfy sofa to relax & chat for hours w the girls. I'll be back for sure.
4	I like to get work done at this coffee shop, but the tables are a little too small and close together.  I love the employees, the drinks, and the music though.  I wish they had more food!
4	If you're looking for a local coffee shop in southern Tempe, Solo Coffee is your place. Locally owned and roasting great coffee from Cortez, this is a staple.Solo isn't large and spacious, but more quant and eclectic. Local art covers the walls, an LP is playing on the record player, and someone is surely cozied up on the red velvet couch that sits in the center of the coffee shop.If you get bored with your work, fear not! You can play Battleship, Chess, or Jenga to pass the time. And above all else, the coffee is superb. So get to Solo and enjoy warming up when it's cold outside.
4	This place is always crowded as many work or just waste bytes using fb here. You might have trouble finding a space to sit, enjoy their coffee or tea and talk. Decoration makes it very comfortable and the barista that day was a star! My friend had the hot chocolate and I tried one of their fancy teas. My wish, that they could use ceramic cups if it is not a take out.
3	I've been here twice - once for tea (I left with a cafe au lait), and again for tea (this time with a tea latte and a blueberry muffin).The cafe au lait was great! It really reminded me of the french areas of Miami that I miss dearly. The proportion of coffee to steamed milk, and then the array of options to sweeten your drink, was perfect. I was able to make it my own, and was 110% pleased.Unfortunately, what I *really* wanted to find was a local tea shop, and I'm not sure this place is it. I ordered a tea latte that was... lackluster. I'm not sure if it was just the blend I chose, or the balance of milk to tea to sweetener, but it just tasted off. The blueberry muffin had good flavor but was so incredibly dry and overwhelmingly huge I wasn't able to finish it either. Overall, my second visit was disappointing.I was most surprised by the environment. From other reviews I read it was swanky, cool, relaxing, hip... and while I can see that it should be like that, both times I've visited it's been dead quiet despite there being a relatively large crowd there. Which, I suppose is good for those who need a good study or work place, but I almost felt like I was intruding, barging in to place an order, and talking on the phone while waiting.Either way, it's worth dropping by, particularly for the coffees. The prices are right, and they do make their drinks with care. It just might take you a couple tries to find the right drink for you.
5	I had been in Tempe for 3 days when I found this place on Loqly. Great coffee, and coolest barista ever gave me all the info on the local music and art scene (thanks Ty!). Great ambience, relaxing, nice art on the walls. A great place to hang out. Food is limited to croissants and pastries but hey, you're here for the coffee, tea, and great people! If you do get hungry My Big Fat Greek Restaurant (great!) and a Taste of the Caribbean are in the same strip mall.
4	Prices are great and I love that I can mix and match my own latter/tea creation.  Atmosphere is quaint and quirky!  Wonderful place to go and unwind after a busy day.
5	Barista Bradley makes a mystery tea. He uses cookies to make it! Or maybe not. I don't know. But it tastes like gingerbread men. He is pretty cool. He poses like zoolander and says things like 'Right ON!"
5	Love the interior of this great coffee shop! very vintage feel and cozy. Went in and bought a Honey  Iced Chai, it was fantastic and not too pricey!! Love the atmosphere and workers !
5	This is by far my favorite place in the phoenix metro to kill time, work on school work, hang out, etc.  Great atmosphere, the owner is the main barista and he's really cool always super nice. Can't say enough about this place. The one and only drawback is no outlets on the patio but i will still drive out of my way to go to solo anyday
2	My husband and I were looking for a quiet spot to work where nobody knew us, and decided to give Solo Cafe a try. Both times we frequented Solo, there was an overwhelming chemical smell permeating from the connecting hair salon. Even though our noses became accustomed to the smell, both times we left with lingering headaches.  My husband, being a purest, had drip coffee. He complained that it was lukewarm, and wondered what in the world the Barista was doing behind the counter for 10 minutes.  I had some yummy hot tea.  Overall, we like the quite, work friendly atmosphere. However, the overpowering chemical smell from the hair salon will prevent us from coming back any time soon. We will stick with our favorite coffee establishment, Seattle Espresso (McClintock & Warner), where the coffee is hot and delicious and the place doesn't stink!
4	This custom cafe is no ordinary coffee lounge. You can really taste the quality of their locally grown beans. From teas to espressos you can customize anything on or even off the menu . If you can dream it they can do it!
5	Great coffee, kind people, fun and kooky shop. Great place to work, although I always bring ear plugs because they have music on. Yes there are some hipsters, but it's not an overwhelmingly hipster establishment. It's a good balance of hip and weird. It's hands down my favorite coffee shop in Tempe.
3	Wonderful fresh tea selection and you can mix and match any of them they have available to create your own little drink of perfection! Nice and quiet inside but still you do not get looked at like you're in a library if you do have a conversation with someone. Dude that was working when I went in was super helpful in helping me come to a decision. I will most def return!
4	I yelped it before we got to Arizona and really wanted to come here and try their drinks and see how this place was like. This place was walking distance for boyfriend and I. We came in here from the back door and the owner greeted us and asked how we were. :) the place was artistic. He said mind as well make it feel like home. It was quite and there were people studying and such. And yes, free wifi. Just got to ask for the password. We got a soy chai tea latte with an espresso shot over it, and it was good. Give it a try! There is also a comfy couch with board games and a funky lamp. :) should try and check it out. I can't wait to visit this place when my boyfriend and I visit Arizona agan.
3	I really wanted to like this place, as I always do with local coffee shops that are trying to compete with the Starbucks monster. Plus, it's right next to the hair salon I frequent (Altered Ego - it's great). However, there were several factors that made me bring down a five-star review (for the coffee) to a three. First, I do want to emphasize that the drink I got was absolutely divine. I ordered a caffe latte with almond milk and sugar-free vanilla syrup, and it came out really well.The problem, however, was that I was getting the drink to go and it took at least 10 minutes for them to make it. I'm seriously not sure what the barista was doing (two people were behind the counter chatting). I was kind of in a hurry and was expecting it not to take very long to steam some milk, press the coffee, and put some syrup in. I tried to banter a little with the barista and she was having none of it. (Apparently she was tired and caffeine wasn't doing it.) Please, if the CUSTOMER is making the effort to put YOU in a good mood, try to let it happenThe other thing was that while the cafe was totally full, everybody was totally silent. As H.C. said, the place was full of zombie hipsters. It was really creepy. As I walked by various tables, people stared at me like I was interrupting their very important business. In conclusion, if you want to work on your computer in total silence and thus don't mind a) the long wait or b) the fact that everyone else is also totally silent, you will fit right in. I definitely loved my drink, but I don't know if I will be able to withstand the death stares for long enough to order.
4	This place was SO amazing! The workers were very friendly and funny and the ambiance was cool. However, their coffee is a little pricey, more than Starbucks pricey! They are also connected to a hair salon which was a little weird but the atmosphere was so cool. When I told them it was my first time there they were excited to make sure that my 1st experience with them was a good one.....and it was.
5	I love Solo, have been coming here when the owner Chad, was the only employee. We would talk LOST theories and what not. Really chill place to grab amazing coffee. They have more baristas now, and I've had some of them not be consistent on the quality, but lately it seems that they have gotten it down.The best part is that they sell Cortez coffee, which is fair-trade. Our favorite roast is the primo, which is the same roast they use for their espresso. It is fresh and delicious.I definitely recommend coming here for coffee, as other reviewers have said, it's not the fastest place, so if you are in a hurry, you may have to come when you don't have to run out the door. But if you aren't in a rush, enjoy!
2	Judging by the reviews below, I'm guessing my negative experience was isolated. I stopped in for a single cup of regular brew coffee.. The credit card machine was acting up, and I see that I was charged 3 times on my bank statement. Those things happen, I realize, but what really sours the situation is the coffee itself - I've honestly had better from Folger's... once again, I realize that most places in the area seem to concentrate on making tasty lattes, and mochas, but I'm not a fluffy drink kind of guy. Their dark roast is forgettable, at best, and very weak. boo.
5	Exceptional service, unique selection of teas and high quality coffee. Can't beat the free WiFi and melodic background music. The atmosphere completes the overall experience of the perfect space to enjoy a refreshing beverage, a good read, and conversation. There's even an assortment of books and board games for customers. Also very cool art that provides an urban feel. Any interest would appreciate a Solo experience :)
5	I was really impressed by the service here, quick, friendly and awesome.  I did a quick scan of the wall of teas to choose from and settled on Yerba Mate as soon as I saw it because it reminded me of Logie and her crazy tea thread.  The tea was brewed to perfection and in three minutes I was drinking delicious iced tea.  This is a really laid back place and I always see people on their laptops here so I'm assuming they have free wifi too.  Cool decor - my new favorite coffee house.
5	First time there. The guy working there was very nice, he recommend a ice coffee with room for cream. Loved it. Nice place to kill time.
5	I have been frequenting this place for years now, and it just occurred to me to write a review. I love the tea lattes at Solo! I took my BFF for a JASMINE NECTAR and now she is obsessed. The atmosphere is awesome, as are the baristas. It is a great place to study quietly, or to just chill. I do agree that the chemical smell from the salon can be overpowering when they go in and out through the connecting door, but I also love the fact that the husband owns the coffee shop and the wife owns the salon. It makes me happy to see both their businesses flourishing. Maybe now that they are more established, and doing well, they will extend their weekend hours.
5	I simply love the coffee here. I walk in and they always know exactly what I want... iced coffee (I then add cinnamon and raw milk), and it's smooth as silk. Prices are very reasonable, coffee is consistent and they play coooool jams. The staff is really cool too. :D
2	was a regular for a while. Over time found the friendliness from the staff to be a bit of an act. Zombie hipsters. Long wait.
3	Coffee is pretty good, but, well, I wasn't thrilled with the ambiance, or the barista. The first time I went, they were having a shift change and forgot to make our drinks. The second, the Batista was kinda brusque. Also, I agree with H C's comments... I walked in and everyone stopped and stared...not great ambiance,but good coffee.
5	I've been coming to Solo on and off for the last 4 years. It's a great place to sit and work, hang out and chat or just pick up a quick drink. The coffee and tea are high quality and there's an assortment of locally made pastries available to snack on.What I really like about this place is the consistent quality of product and service. The owner is an awesome guy that works the floor and sincerely cares about his business and his customers.
5	I have always had a deep fondness for petite coffee shops. Solo Cafe is what I've been searching for in the Tempe area for years now. Upon walking in, you are met with interesting artwork on the walls, comfortable couches surrounded by books and even a record player with headphones for a little personal getaway. The staff is quick to welcome you in, but in a very sincere way. The menu is very all-encompassing, ranging from simple black coffee to some very exotic teas. The prices are about average for local coffee shops, but the payout is in the presentation. My "barista?" took the time to draw an intricate design into the foam of my small hot mocha, which was served in a classic white mug and saucer. I was very satisfied with the temperature of the coffee (not too hot, not tepid) and I enjoyed reading about the Bauhaus art movement. Highly recommend this shop to someone on the go, or even a student who needs to hunker down and study in a calming yet social atmosphere. I don't hand out 5 stars often, but they deserve that rating.
4	great coffee and customer service!!! Such a good deal compare to the quantity and quality plus they have stamp card.Love the atmosphere, has lots of arts on the wall and book on the shelf.One thing I want to request is....sometimes, they have noisy music that makes me tired. If they have relaxing music, I would put 5 stars!
5	Hands down, this is the greatest coffee shop in the world!!!  Chad and everyone else there is always friendly, always helpful, I always feel welcomed and appreciated.  The coffee is always good and the atmosphere is spectacular.  I recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	Love love love this place... Winner in Best of Phoenix mag a few times. The coffee is good however I love their loose leaf teas. Hot or iced... Mixed and matched for unique favors... Records play over heard and you can bring in your own records to be played or choose from the lot they have ... Cool people, younger college crowd, very comfy feeling.  I've been coming here on and off for a few years now
5	I love coming to my neighborhood coffee shop. Open mic nights, rotating drinks, burritos, good music,  helpful staff, cool artwork, and a library make this place the amazing place that it is. The staff is really helpful and quick as well. Big ups to them!
5	My favorite chai EVER! They source it from Nico's in Boulder, CO which is where I first had it. Love the Spicy Ginger. Espresso latte is smooth and strong as well. A+ service. Friendly and smart!
4	Only been here once, but I can definitely see myself getting into the ultra-chill, relaxed vibe of this cafe. There was a large and unique variety of teas that I wanted to try out, but I chickened out and just got a chai tea latte, which was quite yummy.The wait was pretty long while I was here, but since it was my vacation and I didn't really have anything else to do (and the "view" was not so bad... heh heh) I didn't really mind. It's probably a little too noisy to function as a study place for me, since I need absolute quiet, but I can see it being a great hang-out spot with friends.
3	As I continue on my qwest for the perfect cup o joe at the perfect location, I stumble across Solo Cafe. The ambience is very laid back and I like the decor. The coffee is pretty good, however the past few times I've been they do not have food. Zero, zilch, nada. They do have the displays out in plain view, but they are and remain empty. I don't alway want coffee, sometimes I prefer just a muffin and a glass of h2o. The seating arrangements isn't the most comfortable, so be sure to try to go during off peak times since you may not find a seat or one near an outlet. The noise level is pretty tolerable and they don't play overhead music too loud. Parking is fairly easy, however, since it is surrounded by many other businesses, you'll be competing for spaces with their customers, but it's never been an issue for me. The wifi works great and is fast, which is a huge plus. All in all a fairly decent place to study or grab a quick Nibble, oh wait, I take that back, they don't have any nibbles. :/
5	Solo Cafe serves up some quality drinks! I had a really bad headache and had an appointment next door at the salon Altered Ego. The salon actually has a door connecting to this cafe so it was very convenient. They have similar ambiance: a cool, classy local feel. The worker who was working the register and making the coffee was really nice and had some cool tats. It seemed like she had some regulars sitting at the "bar" that she was chattin it up with when she was making my coffee. I had an iced white mocha and it tasted great. It was strong like I needed it to be since I had a bad headache at the time. Their tea selection is cool, they have it displayed on shelves and when the customer behind me chose what they wanted, the barista grabbed it off the shelf and made it fresh from the jar (it smelled amazing). She sets your drinks up by all the cream etc with anything that you might want to add and they have comfy couches and a chess table. It was a pleasant experience and by the time I finished my coffee after I walked next door, my headache was gone and I felt great.
4	This place makes me want to redesign my living room!  Stocked full of bookshelves, board games, funky furniture, and cozy booths, this place makes me want to curl and up stay awhile!  This place is nestled in a little plaza on baseline so you have to keep an eye out for it.  The coffee is good.  I mean really good!  It's amazing how after drinking Starbucks for a week or two and then going to a place like this you suddenly realize what you have been missing!I only have two complaints with this place:1. The hours are not early enough!  Come on people help a teacher out!  Those who get up early need coffee the most :-).2. The menu is small.  Even to just have a "barista brew of the day" or something would be fun to switch it up.If I only have two suggestions though you must be doing it right!  This is definitely a place to check out in Tempe!
5	The best local, non-hipster coffee joint in all of Tempe!  The employees are super friendly, the coffee and teas are outstanding, and the artwork is usually interesting and of high caliber.  The decor is really cozy, retro and unique.  They also have great books and games to bide your time.  Favorite coffee place in all of the Phoenix area!
1	On their door and on yelp its stated its open till 9 on sat. We got there at 8:15 and it was locked and the guy who was working the place didn't even respond to us standing outside.
5	I am so glad this place is so close to boyfriend's place in Arizona. If you live by Kiwanis Park, this is a perfect place to stop by in the morning on a weekend. If you are trying to grab some good coffee before you head to work, I hope it's after 8am because that's when they open. Sad, I know. I wished they had opened earlier too.My favorite place to go to when we're in Arizona. Friendly staffs and comfortable seats! Never really crowded here and I find it perfect for studying or chat up with your girlfriends. I really enjoy their Soy Chai Latte. Their lattes come in three types. Authentic, dirty and I forgot the last one but they will kindly explain to you what's the difference. Seatings? There's a comfortable sofa, loveseats and table chairs. There are games, books and maganizes. Feel free to bring your laptop, tablets and etc because there's outlets and free wifi. Now I wonder if I'll find another good coffee place in Arizona than this?
5	Cafe Solo has delicious coffee and a warm, relaxing atmosphere. In addition the staff are always friendly and take their time to make a good drink. This is one of my favorite coffee shops in Tempe. My boyfriend loves the jasmine nectar lattes and I always get an iced mocha. I hope that the girl who posted rude comments about everything, including customers, will eventually remove the stick from her derriere.
1	BLECH! get that poisonous taste out of my mouth...Their chai tea (original chai style) is disgusting. Just cause it says its a spicy tea doesn't mean capsaicin spice. BLECH!!I laughed when the guy there said, "This isn't starbucks, they make real coffee here" to his friend walking in.The reason why i laughed is that Starbucks is a sugary coffee place, and this place also is a massive sugar overload central place too..soo yes it isn't starbucks, but with the amount of sugar they put in their drinks they might as well be....
4	My go to in Tempe! I read a review about poor service below and can't say I have ever had that experience. This is a privately owned place and you shouldn't expect a fake smile and "high welcome to SOLO you dream it we steam it!" The vibe is welcoming and the owner knew my name literally the second time I came in.Their teas are definitely a highlight. They have a giant selection of loose leaf that they will make iced or hot for you. If you are in a huge rush you may be a bit stressed stopping by as they can take a minute to make your drink but it's usually because they are talking with you! Always a positive experience. Good coffee, great tea, and a super friendly genuine staff!
2	It's a hipster's paradise.  Sadly, the same can't be said for coffee lovers.  I got an iced mocha and it tasted like the swill at Starbucks, sans the trendy marketing.  Words, unfortunately, can't describe the brown concoction that was in my cup.  Sufficed to say, I could only tolerate a small amount before tossing it.  I wanted to finish it, I really did, as I hate being wasteful.  But after a few sips, the masochist in me finally succumbed to reason.
2	I wanted to like this place because the decor was nice and it's so close to campus.  Unfortunately, the drink I had just wasn't good.  I ordered a medium iced mocha and it just tasted powdery.  In addition, the portion was tiny.  The cup was what I'd expect a "small" iced drink to look like.  Definitely not worth the $4 it came out to with tax.  Maybe I'll give the teas a try someday, but I'm pretty turned off right now.  If it's a coffee drink you want, I'd suggest going a mile north and getting some Dutch Bros instead.
2	I used to love this place.  A year ago I would have happily given it 5 stars.  But in the past year (1) the internet stopped working, its almost impossible to connect and if you do you will have to reconnect every five minutes.  (2) The new baristas are not as friendly as the old baristas and frequently look bored and/or hungover (3) I usually get a mocha and it is  too milky lately, I have to add an extra shot to make it flavorful enough to drinkbut mostly I hate that I cant use the internet.  Fix the internet and I'll be happy to change my rating.
5	Must say, I've changed my mind about this place!
5	I work a few offices down and always make it a point to grab a coffee from solo on my 10 minute breaks. The art and the atmosphere is beautifully decorated and the people are great.  There is a gentleman who does not even work there, but when it gets packed, never hesitates to jump in and help out. There is a sense of community at Solo and everyone is welcomed! I love my daily med iced mochas. Perfect chocolate to milk to coffee ratio that gives me just that extra kick in the mornings to be on the phones all day after a night out with the girls. Sometimes they will convince me to try something different and never disappoint me. Such as a pump of lavender in an iced American tottie. If you haven't tried it... It's UNREAL! Thank you for keeping it real and hope that Solo never changes! Love you guys!
5	dirty spicy chai with almond milk.every. single. day.
5	Great place. Very friendly. Tons of laptop plugs if you look under the seats!
4	Just happened to stop by here to try something a little different. Nothing local is around where I live, so I'm always going to the same coffee places. This was a nice change of pace. I got an Americano and I was great! Try this place!
4	Cool little place.  I would imagine a lot of regulars go here but a worthy coffee shop either way.  The Americano was very good and they had an unreal chocolate muffin with cream cheese on top more or less.  Awesome.  The service was friendly.  Cool decor as well.  Will go back.
4	Solo Cafe makes good coffee, has good ambiance, and the baristas are friendly and quick to give suggestions or advice. I like small local coffee shop. I especially like small local coffee shops with consistently good espresso and customer service. Since I drink double espressos, Americanos, or black coffee exclusively, my review of this coffee shop has absolutely no bearing on how good their sweetened milky drinks taste. Espresso is the base for any latte style drink - and Solo Cafe makes good espresso. Not earth shatteringly great espresso - but good, consistent, chocolatey espresso. They get their coffee beans from a local roaster (Cortez Coffee) and use the Primo Espresso blend that is constantly being updated and improved by the roasters. The taste varies based on where the beans originate (Colombia and Cameroon blend as of this post) but the shots always taste balanced. Espresso is bold, chocolatey, smooth, and finishes mildly fruity with low acidity. Americanos are also smooth and easy to drink. My wife drinks Americanos with a splash of half and half and either raw sugar or agave and she gives quite the rave review.The shop itself is quaint and inviting with couches and tables to hang out, study, or read. The baristas are friendly and interesting; the artwork is edgy and fun; and the overall environment lends itself to a variety of crowds without alienating anybody. The line has never been long and the drinks come out quickly. Overall, I would say that this is a fine example of what a local coffee shop should strive to be. Forget the self-righteous, hipster infested, elitist coffee houses that hail from the the newest northeastern coffee movement -- this place makes you feel right at home.
5	This place is sooo cute. The first impression I got was a good one and I loved the barista's hairdo that resembled a beehive! This place is warm, quiet, comfortable, quirky and artsy, everything I look for in a coffee shop. I was skeptical about the spicy chai latte I ordered because of the size for the price, but the drink was really good, probably the best chai latte I've ever had, so I felt like it was worth it. It was the spicy ginger flavor with almond milk instead of regular milk or soy, so I like that the option was available and that it was so good, not watery tasting at all like many chai lattes I've had from chains like Starbucks or Coffee Bean.One wall is lined with bookshelves, art books and good reads. One half is equipped with tables and the center has low chairs for lounging. This place was small but very comfortable, different, a little hipster, but not too cool to be human.
4	Great place to go if you want a nice relaxing tea or cup of coffee. I come here every time after I grab a haircut right next door. The decor is warm and welcoming, the music that is played fits the atmosphere, and the staff has been wonderful every time I have come here. They have a wide selection of teas and coffee brews, however I keep it simple with the Earl Grey tea. Great place to relax and study as well.
1	There isn't a coffee shop at the address given in yelp. I called the number but couldn't reach them.
5	The best ! Chad the owner is amazing, the coffee, art, and music are always great !
5	It's always a good time when I come here.The service is great and the coffee is pretty good.A nice environment to read a book or do homework.I really enjoy the decor of the shop as well. 5 stars baby!
4	This place had damn decent coffee from Cortez Coffee, a local Phoenix roaster. I'm pretty sure they're out of business, however. Phone is disco and last time I stopped by the sign was gone and inside the floor was torn up.Edit: Apparently NOT out of business, just went through a spot of renovations.
5	I just stopped by today.  Great espresso with a nice crema.  The place is currently doing a little shuffling/construction, but it should still be a coffee place for you to check out.Just a note.  When I went there, there was no sign in the front (except for a small neon coffee cup).  Supposedly this front entrance is going to go away, and the main entrance will be from the rear.  This coffee shop is close to some burros.
5	Great coffee and cheaper than Starbucks. This place has awesome/eclectic art on the walls, and they have board games and records to listen to. Love this place
2	It was under construction, was hoping for some fun ambience and a cool design in our mochas and lattes but that didn't happen. So so. Starbucks would've been better.
5	Thought I'd try a new coffee shop so I found this little place. It's actually located 3 minutes from my place. I should have walked. The location is a bit hard to find but I got it. It's actually connected with the barber shop so if you want to come get some coffee, latte, etc. and you're in need of a touch up. Come down this way. It's a bit small inside but seating is throughout the building and continues outside to a patio. It's a pretty chic cafe if you're into those classic coffee shops. It's a Saturday and there is only one guy making drinks and on register so if you're in a hurry I don't think this place would be suitable. But if you're looking for a place to hang out and you got time on your hands then this will work. I ordered an iced caramel macchiato with soy. The espresso in the coffee is Devine. I can taste every bit of the caramel and the espresso. Just made the wait worth it. Great service and great coffee.
4	Cool little place.  I would imagine a lot of regulars go here but a worthy coffee shop either way.  The Americano was very good and they had an unreal chocolate muffin with cream cheese on top more or less.  Awesome.  The service was friendly.  Cool decor as well.  Will go back.
3	Well this place seemed to have good reviews so my friends and I decided to give it a try. First off, we could not find it. Called the number listed which is out of service. Finally, went back on yelp to see the cafe is located inside the barber shop. There definitely needs to be a bigger sign to help customers find the place. The coffee was okay. I really enjoyed what I ordered. I got an iced mocha and added coconut to it. It was exactly what I wanted! I'll definitely be back for another soon. My friend's coffee was not as great. Definitely not a Starbucks drink. It's an alright coffee shop but not really a place to hang out. Unless of course you need a haircut!
5	So I've been coming to Solo for probably a few years now, and am trying to finally step up my yelp game, so here goes:Chad, the owner, is always in a friendly, helpful, good vibe kinda mood. I work in the service industry, and it's not always easy to remain upbeat and happy, so I know how that goes. He's always on his A-game, though, and I find that he hires really good-hearted staff as well. They remember your drink if you go in regularly enough, and they're fast, but friendly...always ask you how your day is going. There's really something to that, ya know? And not just the generic "how's your day?" where the person couldn't care less, but an actual genuine question that they want to know the answer to. The prices are great, right on par with a normal coffee shop pricing structure. You can get just about any coffee drink your little heart desires.They recently remodeled so as to incorporate a barber shop at the front of the store. Not gonna lie, originally I was a little bit weary/skeptical of this idea. Wasn't sure how it would turn out, but honestly it looks REALLY nice, and I think once they build their clientele a bit more, it's gonna be awesome! It looks super clean and the space feels a lot larger than it did before actually. I don't usually hang out in coffee shops for extensive periods of time, maybe every once in a while I'll drop in and read a book or play around on my iPhone for an hour or two, but not extensive, like I said... so I don't think the smaller coffee shop space in back affects me greatly. I know other customers may have been unsure about that. All in all, I love this spot. Their spiced iced toddy is the ISH. A must-try.
3	I found this coffee shop through yelp as I was meeting some clients in the area. Location is good, but it was difficult to find the coffee shop as it located behind a barbershop. Seating is very limited with just a few tables. The service was slow and the coffee was good. I had French press coffee with a snickerdoodle cookie.  This is a good place to go to meet a friend but not recommended for a business meeting.
5	So this happens to be the best coffee shop in the Mesa area. They renovated to add a barbershop in the anterior and the coffee shop makes up the posterior; and yes you walk through the barbershop to get to the coffee shop but I and my wife have never had an issue with this. All of the baristas are extremely welcoming and the coffee is served drinkable instead of lava-hot. I have had my hair cut there and let me tell you that it is hellishly convenient to have a coffee shop of this caliber attached to a barber shop; never a bad idea to stop in early for a hair appointment when you can sip a coffee!
5	I was a bit thrown off by the barbershop in front of the coffee shop as I was greeted by 4 ruggedly handsome guys lol. The coffee is absolutely fantastic though! I got a vanilla latte and was very happy with the quality and taste. They charge a lot less than most coffee shops and I paid less than $3 for my small latte! The Barista surfer looking dude was VERY nice and patient. I would 100% recommend this place if you are a hardened black coffee drinker or sweet latte lover. My new favorite spot!
