4	I completely dig this grocery, well as much as a dude can dig a grocery store.  I just happen to always go here because it is so close.
4	I like Fry's because they have a good produce section that is usually well stocked. I also like that they have a larger health food section than most grocery stores. They also carry furniture and home goods which are fun to look at.
4	Great store, I do all of my grocery shopping here.  The employees are nice and extremely helpful.
4	Not sure what I can really say about a grocery store. This one is bigger than the average store. Cool, all the better.
5	Wade, the Assistant Manager, was so helpful today!  I was stranded in the grocery store's parking lot with two tired kiddos and needed help.  He used his personal phone (as there was no phone book available) to look up numbers and provide recommendations for auto help.  Thank you Wade for your kindness, generosity and amazing customer service!  Just another reason to shop at my neighborhood Fry's!
5	Frys is the best regular grocery store. They have a decent organic selection and a natural food aisle. They are big and have great deals not to mention they hustle you right through the line! It's clean, well maintained and part of Kroger...an awesome corporation! 5 stars all the way! This is one of a couple Frys I go to. GREAT Fuel Center with AMAZING gas prices. Also really sweet special promotions outside the store like a vendor who sold me my Christmas tree and another who fixed my headlights and impulsed me on the BEST car care product! Love this place
5	This is a great grocery store!  It is super clean and always seems to have those hard to find ingredients!  The wine special is pretty awesome too!!
5	I love love love this store. It's always clean, everyone is friendly and helpful and I can always find what I need. So much so that I can usually never get out of there for less than $100. They've got a computer for inputting your deli order so that you don't have to wait at the counter. Just enter what you want and they'll get it ready while you shop. Their produce section is usually very good (the only exception has been the sweet potatoes are lacking a bit lately, which is probably because they're not really in season), and the seafood and meat counters always have really fresh stuff.Since it's a Marketplace, there is also a home goods section but I try to stay out of there. I may end up buying the whole store.
1	This is big store and the courtesy clerks are wonderful and veryHelpful.Most if the cashiers are rude and unhappy,one in particular is "Christina" ( I am at that store A few times a week) and I understand why they are miserable cashiers,There boss "Lisa" is nasty and always rude to all her employeesShe walks around with a scowl on her face,I got so tired of this lady beingRude to her employees, I will drive further and go to a different store.Avoid this store.
4	This particular Fry's is my grocery of choice.  It is still fairly new and has a large offering of all kinds of food, housewares, pharmacy, etc.  The staff at this location is helpful and friendly.  As of late, the produce has been less than good and that is why I am deducting a star.  Other than that, the store is very clean and bright.  Fry's Marketplace is definitely my favorite of the chains and I will continue to shop there often.Tip: Avoid this store like the plague on the first Wednesday of every month.  That is senior discount day and it is extremely crowded.
5	I experienced excellent customer service today at the courtesy counter. This is my home store and I love Frys market place.
3	Pharmacy tech was unfriendly and there were no notifications when prescriptions were ready.  I waited in front of the counter and was not told when my prescription was ready.  I had to go up to the counter 3 times in 45 minutes before it was ready.
4	Awesome service from all the staffs especially fish/meat department.  Great produce, fruits and love the sushi guys.  Sushi guys know their customer service.  When they didn't have the Unagi I was disappointed.  I asked them if they were going to have any they said give us few minutes and they made it fresh for me.  Best grocery store and I love the discount I get at their gas station.   I just wish they had covered parking that would be soooo awesome!!!
2	As far as the grocery section of this store is concerned,  it is pretty nice - seems like they might be having trouble adapting to a Kroger plan-o-gram, as items are hard to find and their placement in the store doesn't always make sense.  The staff is as courteous as any I've encountered since moving here. Now -about the pharmacy - totally different attitudes and staff doesn't seem aware of what they are doing.  I had my prescriptions transferred from Kroger in Ohio - they were good until February 2015.  Three of them Fry's refilled and noted "no refills" on the bottles; even though my doctor had approved.  They did not have one of my medications and said they had to order it.  That was okay with me.  This was on a Tuesday and I was told the medication would be available on Friday.  I went back on Friday and the pharmacy worker told me that the order had come in but hadn't been unpacked yet.  At no time did he offer to go and get it for me.  I asked him what the cost was going to be (since I have new insurance) and he said, "$25.00".  On Saturday I went back to get it; and the woman pharmacy manager told me a price that was almost 10 times the one I was quoted the day before.  I pointed at the young man who had given me that price, and she said, "How would he know?"  I pointed out to her that he was looking in the same computer she was.  She turned to him and he looked at me and said he had never told me that...now, come  on, folks, I didn't pull that price out of thin air.To make a long story short, Walgreen's now has a new customer.  Go for groceries but steer clear of the pharmacy if you can...I would have been a bit appeased if someone had apologized and said it was an error - but I was offered no explanation or apology...guess the customer doesn't matter to the pharmacy techs.
5	Great service! Great neighborhood and area. No paranoid constitutionists walking around with big guns on their hip. Everyone is conscientious and keeps their weapons concealed. Overall a great shopping experience. The Starbucks inside is also good.
1	This is a review for the Starbucks inside. I ordered a Vanilla Rooibos  tea from an employee named Taylor. (A branded item from Starbucks) Taylor said, "This ain't Dutch bros lady!" I was appalled. I let himknow it was a drink Starbucks has and he said he didn't know how to make it with a rude tone. I was so blown away by the rudeness and lack of customer service I left and went to the Starbucks down the street at Bashas.
4	Always have a nice shopping experience here, friendly cashiers, and they make sure you get out quick, rarely is there a lane with more then  3 people waiting. They get 4 stars for not having a starbucks inside.
1	First off,  this review is not directed toward the store in it's entirety.  This review is for the "Express Thanksgiving Meal" offered by this and other Frys stores. What we thought we were getting was a prepared thanksgiving meal.  What we got for $50 was about $20 worth of frozen processed food. They stated that this meal would serve Six people. It was closer to three servings overall. 1 ten pound turkey (pre cooked and frozen solid) it takes 4 hours to defrost and heat in an oven. 1 frozen pack of green bean casserole (disgusting)1 frozen package of mashed potatoes (soup consistency)1 frozen package of stuffing (mush)1 bag of rolls. 1 frozen chunk of lumpy gravy. Each item required different cook temperatures and times so heating the meal and synchronizing was impossible. The final product was nothing short of garbage.  My advise is to just cook a meal from scratch. It would be cheaper, easier and not taste like crap.
3	A very nice store. the usual cashiers and bag boy  that ignore you and and make you feel like you are interupeding them.
