1	In a city definitely not known for it's italian or any other food for that matter, Primavera Pizza does not help the cause. I ordered Spaghetti with sauce and I felt like I was back at the hospital in the 1980's. Yes, the spaghetti tasted like hospital food. It was greasy, and not tasteful at all. The salad was a few iceburg leaves, with a half assed tomato. My mother had a pre-cooked and frozen lasagna. It was not cheap, and for 2 dinners and tip the bill came out to almost $40.00.... no way, never again. The owners had expressed that they were from Europe, but I know food as bad as this is not served in Europe... maybe that's why they are here.
5	Pizza is excellent.  Philly cheese steak is excellent.  Garlic knots are addictive.  Staff is incredibly friendly and makes you feel like you're dropping in for a family dinner.  We've taken visitors to Charlotte here for a quick slice, and inevitably they ask to go back on return trips to Charlotte.  Love this place!
5	It doesn't get any better than this for pizza and italian (and philly cheese steaks) in Matthews. Their pizza is amazing and has an extra bit of something in it that I can't put my finger on, but it's special and they give you giant slices. The garlic knots are EVIL (in a good way).. buttery and garlic-y, get some extra napkins for these awesome rolls and get a mint if you are heading back to the office. :) The staff is super friendly. I feel like I'm visiting family when I go in there. If you've been here you know what I'm talking about. The son will pick on you and make friends, but also give great service, and the mom is a super sweet lady that is very nice to talk with. We've had a bit of everything and you always leave full, satisfied and happy. My friend  and my dad both said they had the best philly cheese steak in their lives here. You don't want to go here for white table dining since it's a tiny place on mint-hill rd, but if you are nearby and want a fantastic lunch or a casual dinner, you will be glad you did.Also I'm 100% positive that the review from 'Lucas' below was meant for a different place. Nothing he described in his review matches this place and his review should be removed.
5	We ordered delivery because we had just moved here and didn't know where anything was. We ordered the white pizza and the spinach calzone. The food was absolutely amazing! and the guy who delivered it was nice.
5	So I was out at the Carolina Beer Temple, and my friend and I got a craving for pizza.  We broke out our smart phones and we decided to give Primavera Pizza a try.  I had always seen it from the road but never had an excuse to stop in.  Man, I didn't know what I was missing!!At first glance, the place doesn't really wow you with a great location or fancy decor, but what really shines is the food.  We were looking for pizza by the slice and we were definitely surprised.  I am so used to places just having the normal cheese and pepperoni ready to heat up, but this place has cheeses waiting and then you can customize it with toppings for and extra 0.25 a topping.  And they DO NOT skimp on the toppings either.  I had two slices of bacon sausage pizza and there was bacon and sausage all over it - you could barely see the cheese.  The crust was definitely unique and buttery.. I even ate the end crust too, usually it is just the vessel that delivers the  cheesy goodness into my stomach, but here it definitely adds to it.We were greeted as soon as we walked in and took a table.  Very casual here, the guy got us drinks and then took our order.  It looks like this place handles a lot of take out since a lot of people were in and out while we were eating.  I only got to experience the place once, but it looks like you can order at the counter and then take a seat as well, there is no real formality to it all, just lets the food speak for itself which is great.Totally family business... mom and dad in the back cooking it felt like while the son was delivering pizzas and taking orders.  I will definitely try to come back to try their hot subs or other Italian offerings.
3	This place is pleasant enough, windows with sheer curtains all around, light wood table top and chairs , light tile floors. Small place but it doesn't feel cramped. The service seemed organizationally challenged, what with only a pleasant lady from Central Europe and a young guy to answer the phone, cashiering, cooking, taking orders, greeting, getting take out orders ready and serving ... all this in no particular order. Got to admit the Virgo in me was amused , it was like watching the traffic in Rome.   I had two slices for lunch (see the pix) it was OK , certainly NOT five stars or excellent in any way. It's nothing like NY pizza, tastes leaner and the dough is different as well - too sweet with no salt.To give it credit the crust wasn't spongy like Brixx @ Foxtrot or the cardboard like from the so called Brooklyn pizza parlor but that amounts to showering it with faint praise, let's say it wasn't bad, the tomato sauce was OK and in my opinion it needed extra cheese. I'll probably try this place for dinner one of these days,  I just wish people wouldn't hype their local hole in the wall so much all it does is lead one to disappointment.  REALLY!
5	I had the Philly Cheese steak.  My husband has the Chicken Parmesan and we split the garlic knots.  The bread was so light, yet perfectly crunchy.  The woman and her son, who own the place are absolutely lovely.  This is one locally owned business we can't wait to come back to.  Now to try the pizza!!!!
4	I ordered pizza today for lunch for my staff and it was great!The gentleman taking my order over the phone was patient, methodical and very efficient.  He didn't rush me and was helpful with sizing for a group.  I asked them to deliver it at a certain time and he was here ON THE DOT.  In person he was even more kind and considerate than he was on the phone.The pizza was great, the salads were fresh and their dressings were delicious.Thanks for making my little staff so happy today!
5	this place was awesome. i have had the stromboli and its amazing. its also huge!! i have been back multiple times and everything i have tried is great. the philly cheese steak is amazing, with provolone cheese, REAL steak, grilled mushrooms, onions and green peppers. Its my choice when i go back. My friend is stuck on the Gyro. he swears its the best he has ever had. The menu is big and they do have great pizza but im stuck on the philly.
5	Very good subs. Fries weren't greasy. Very clean and friendly!
3	Ordered 2 10 inch pizzas and a Stromboli tonight to go. The pizzas looked pretty good however the taste was not so good. Basically I would describe them as wet pizzas where the bottom of the crust was wet and the toppings just slid off the top. Ingredients were average and while I had to reapply my Hawaiian topping multiple times back on the crust slice I can only give this 3 stars at best. There are better options around town
4	One of our favorite semi-regular places to order pizza from for take-out or dining in.  Out-of-the way location, but if you find it it's a good alternative to the chains.  Just wish they'd add some live music!
5	Delicious food thats perfectly prepared always. Good folks. Recommend the manicotti or chicken parmigiana.
