4	Not that any cab company is better than another in Vegas but this group has two things going for it!  One is that they take credit cards.  the second is that the cab was clean and that the Driver was very nice and was helpful with my Questions.
4	I use Desert almost every day sometimes several times a day. They all have Direct Connect so you can hear the cabbie and hear where he is at most times. They are generally very quick to respond.
5	When you get too funky to drive like I did last night, it i seasy to get a cab from the whereever home. Getting a cab to pick you up on Sunday morning when you live deep in suburbia so you can get yer car back while still wearing last night's makeup, can be more difficult. I called 3 places before this one, the 1st I was on hold for what seemed like forever. Th other 2 were busy, but this one picked up right away and had a cab to my door in under 20 minutes. I was waaaaay too hungover to try to hold a conversation with the driver but he was friendly enough guy. Not like you really have a huge choice of cab when yer drunk ass is goin home, but when yer hungover in the morning and realize you need yer car and it's too early  to call a friend,, these guys work just as well. Except of course, you have to pay them.
5	This was the best cab experience and perhaps the best customer service experience of my life.  After breaking down 30 miles from vegas after 2,000 miles of driving and having to pay $500 for a new alternator [as well as spending the night in vegas... one of my least favorite towns for an impromptu night] Daniel completely made my day.  He was hilarious, kind, helpful and even understanding and humorous when I gave him an incorrect pick-up address.  He sang me songs on the way to my destination 10 miles out of town and helped me carry my bags into the auto shop.  With a credit-card reader in the cab, this experience could not have been more positive or refreshing after one of the most trying and stressful events in recent history.
3	Do not be surprised if a taxi does not show up and you have to call again. What happens is that the dispatcher would radio your location, but not many drivers answer radio calls. And then when you again the dispatcher would make up some lame excuse. in general, you will always come in contact with your rude/ignorant drivers or pleasant/social drivers. If you think about it... It's just like sales. Upside... They take credit cards. If you're planning on working with this company... I wouldn't recommend it. If you can book $300+ a day... Then maybe you might fit in. working here is way too competitive
5	My experience with Desert Cab was definitely a positive one! I had an early flight and needed a ride to the airport, so I made a reservation through the Desert Cab's online reservation form. If you choose to reserve online, they call about 2 hours later to confirm the reservation as well as calling 30 minutes prior to pick-up. This put my mind at ease and reassured me they would show up. The cab arrived at my home at precisely the right time, 3:15am. The cab itself was amazingly clean! It was by far the cleanest cab I have ever ridden in. The driver was very nice and cheerful, even at 3am. The cab ride was terrifying, but you're going to get that with any cab in Vegas. I tend to just focus on the meter and talk with the driver. They do accept credit cards in the cab, and actually have a cute little machine designated just for that. I tend to pay using cash, but I'm sure in a pinch the credit card machine comes in handy. Overall it was a good experience and has reassured me that I will be using Desert Cab again in the future.
5	Absolutely the best cab service I've experienced.  Not only in Vegas, but anywhere!  Unfortunately I had to go to urgent care (for a non alcohol related problem- I know, boring) and John, my driver for the night went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of.  We went to two urgent care facilities, a 24 hour pharmacy, my hotel and then to the airport.  He even got me a bottle of water to take my prescription with.I have no idea how lucky I was at the time, but I cannot thank john and desert cab enough.  If you ever need a cab definitely use this one.  You will be happy you did.Also one of the few cab companies that takes credit cards..
4	Said DC on the side. We had to get in. The driver of course knew where he was going. Chatty without being overly intrusive.And he laughed at the story I was telling about the old man who was trying to talk to me prior to getting in. I would ride in a DC cab any time! I'm a fan!
5	Quick response, very clean cab, friendly service.
5	I was very delighted and impressed by my whole experience with Desert Cab!  They were recommended by my hotel, and I can certainly see why.  My call was answered by dispatcher Harriet with promptness and courtesy.  The driver John called me immediately to be sure of my pick up location, and was helpful and friendly the entire ride.  This company outfits ALL cabs in their fleet with credit card machines.  They were professional, helpful, and seemed to take a genuine interest in customer satisfaction.  I will use them exclusively when I visit Vegas from now on!
3	Called a couple of days in advance to reserve a cab, and specifically at van because we had a ton of luggage and a small child to get to the airport.  The cab never showed up at the scheduled time.  I called the cab company and they got another cab to us within 30 minutes.  It was a standard car, but somehow the driver was able to get 2 adults, a child, 6 pieces of luggage and a stroller in her car---AMAZING!
1	Been using this cab company so many years, the service is just getting worst!!! Booked a cab last night for tomorrow pickup, called back the next day they dont have my reservation...make sure that you call the next day again just to check. Anyway, have to find another cab company...it's scarrrrryyyy, although have not missed a flight but too close to missed!!!
1	The driver 4230 is a dangerous driver. He cut me off and almost side swipe me too. Just because he didn't want to be behind a slow driver. He didn't use his turning signal either. I would never use this company since their drivers are so rude and dangerous to other drivers on the road. What right does he have to cut off other drivers? Never use Desert Cab driver 4230. Cab drivers do not own the roads, we all have to share the road so it safe to drive.
1	This taxi company is a joke.  I was on hold for over 20 minutes to arrange a cab.  I called back and was put back on hold for another 15.  I did this just out of curiosity.   Do not use this place, they are not interested in people calling for taxis.  YOU WILL NOT GET SERVICE! AVOID AT ALL COSTS
1	If I can give no star at all, I would!Called them for a cabbie at 7:10pm on 4/18/13, gave them the location and waited for 15min, called again to check on status, the girl said still trying to get someone, waited for 35min, called again, she said it was a busy night and would call me as soon as she gets someone. Waited till 8pm, gave up! I then called Henderson, 9min later, the cabbie arrived. Great customer service too.Desert Cab means no cab at all and you'll end up alone at the desert. Do not waste your time and money on them!!!
5	Cab Driver: which way do you want me to take youMe: The cheapest wayThirty dollars later I arrived to The Cosmo from McCarren.  I wasn't in Vegas for long so I didn't want to waste time walking from casino to casino so we hopped in one of these cabs several times throughout the night.  Always had amazing cab drivers.  I asked one of them to charge my iphone and he did.  Then, like a pendeja, I left it in there.  The next day the driver came back to the hotel after his shift and brought me my phone!!  Totally worthy of 5 stars and then some!
1	The good: great web site with online cab to airport request form. Offer beautiful photos of ford explorer cabs, and they take credit cards, yeah!The bad: online request form does not work.  Called to confirm and they could not find my request.  The ugly:  After I called twice to confirm my reservation for an suv at set time, driver was 15 min late and arrived with wrong car (what happened to my promised ford explorer?) that could not accommodate 4 passengers with bags, driver did in fact offer to secure my bags using bungee cords on back of car! Really? I actually had to run through airport to not miss my flight after dealing with these guys.The summary:  classic case of bad service, dont waste your money or time, they are horrible. If i treated my customers as bad as they treated me i would be out of business.  Seriously ruined my night.
5	My boyfriend and I needed a cab to take us to the airport on a Saturday morning. Our driver was George Ochoa. Solid guy...friendly and punctual. Couldn't have asked for a better person on a Saturday morning! I recommend this company if all of the drivers are like him.
4	Arranged a ride to the airport for 5:00AM. Desert Cab called 30 minutes ahead of time, driver arrived 5 minutes early. Got to the airport early enough to write this review. Desert Cab every time.
1	4:00pm call for a cab: told 20- 40 mins, not thrilled but OK. Even more not thrilled about dispatcher in a noisy office and having to repeat myself several times. 4:45pm call back to find out where my cab is. Told cab number xxxx is on its way it will be there soon. This is after being placed on hold for three minutes and talking with the worlds most unhappy dispatcher. 5:00PM Call from the driver saying that he just got the call and to give him 10 - 15 minutes. 5:15PM still no cab...Not quite sure what is worse being lied to, or people wasting my time.
4	I will continue to use this cab company. I like that you can make a reservation. When having to travel, this comes in handy. I made my reservation on line. The driver was right on time. It was early morning, and he was pleasant and helped with our luggage.   The cab was very clean.
3	Taxi service really has good follow through when you schedule ahead of time.They call you 30 minutes before your pick up and the cars are nice & clean. My only complaint is that the driver did not have change, as I was his first ride of the day so with this in mind, I had to tip him $9.00 for less than a 10 minute ride to the airport.What driver doesn't carry change???? My fare was 21$ and I only had a twenty dollar bill and a ten dollar bill. I was pissed but what are you suppose to do?
1	My quest for a good cab company continues. Called them this morning requesting a cab at 2.45 p.m. Was told it would be there and I would receive a call before dispatch. Received no call and no cab and called them at 2.40 p.m. and they seemed clueless about whether the cab would be sent. The guy said there were several cabs in the area and he would send one within 5 minutes. Since we were getting late for an appointment, we called again when the cab did not arrive within 10 minutes. The guy who picked up seemed clueless again but when I asked again he said the cab was at our intersection and would be there in 3-4 minutes. About 10 minutes later we got another call from the cab asking if we still needed a cab. I asked him where he was and he was at quite a distance that would have taken another 10-15 minutes to reach so we canceled it and were late for the appointment.Not reliable.
1	AWFUL COMPANY!!! Called yesterday to confirm that I would be able to make a reservation for tonight to have them send a cab so my wife could get to her night job. Reassured me that it is no problem and reservations are the best way to go.Made a reservation and they said they would call 30 minutes before pick up to make sure everything is still set. They did end up calling 30 minutes early but with the bitchiest woman worker they have on their staff. Completely rude and even hung up on us when she could not understand our directions.30 minutes later when she was suppose to be picked up, no cab. Called in to see where it was at and was informed they did not have a cab in the area.HIGHLY suggest not using this company, horrible customer service and no service at all even.
1	Desert cabbies are always forced by company to take the longer more expensive route, driver told me company will fire them for "low-book" if they dont tunnel every ride this company is horrible and evil NEVER USE!!!
4	I drive for Desert Cab, and I'd like to offer a few suggestions.  In the morning hours you should have no problem getting a cab.  It's slower then--and competitive.  So in many cases more than one driver will be bidding for your ride.  In the evening hours it can be more difficult to get a cab with any company, because it's just a lot busier.  (This is especially true at certain times or when there are special events going on like conventions, rodeos, the weekend, New Year's Eve, etc.)If you regularly take a taxi, and you're happy with a particular driver, get their number and make arrangements with them to be your "personal" taxi.  This way you won't have to go through the dispatcher.  Some customers have more than one personal driver.Recently, our dispatching system has changed and it's now computerized and more efficient.  That being said, dispatching is not an easy job, and sometimes mistakes are made.  Maybe a phone number is written down wrong or a call is dropped--or they forget to call back.   But by and large our dispatchers do an excellent job.  The driver will be calling you to touch base and give an ETA--or to let you know he has arrived, so be sure to give a working phone number and make sure you have your phoned turned on and not set to go directly to voice-mail. If a gate code is needed let the dispatcher know.  Cab drivers can get right to your location easily enough, but they might have some difficulty navigating inside a housing development or an apartment complex, so stay by your phone in case the driver needs some additional directional assistance.  (If you live in an apartment or condominium complex be sure to give a building number.)If you're calling from a business, restaurant, drug store etc., please don't use the business phone number, but be sure and give your own cell phone number so the driver can make contact with you and let you know he's on the way.  And if you do happen to get another ride or catch a different cab (sometimes customers will see another cab dropping off and just hop in) please call back and cancel.  Quite often drivers will come all the way from the Strip to pick up people on the outskirts of town.  Cancellations are a bummer, but it might save the driver from going out of his way unnecessarily. We are here to serve you and we appreciate your business, but when the strip is busy it can sometimes be a lot harder to get a cab.  But unlike some of the other companies, in addition to our regular fleet, we also have an extra radio fleet of 14 cabs who specialize in taking radio (telephone) calls which go to many of the varied off-strip locations.Desert Cab has some of the nicest cars in Las Vegas.  This includes newer sedans, vans and SUVs, and we try our best to keep them very clean inside and out. Most of the drivers at Desert Cab are courteous, safe, professional and on time. No company is perfect and mistakes do happen.  We hope that when an error does occur it's the exception and not the rule.  Thank you for using Desert Cab.
4	Desert Cab is definately the best cab company in Vegas, especially if you are not on the strip. They seem to be the only ones who show up on time - or at least show up! The drivers are all friendly and you don't feel like they are going to kill you and dump your body in a ditch like so many other cab companies in town. We have a condo on the south end of the strip and they are always reliable every time we call them!
4	We used Desert Cab to take us from our house on the Southwest side of town to the Strip on New Year's Eve.  I booked the reservation online, received a "confirmation" then called a few days beforehand to reconfirm. Since it was a big holiday, I just wanted to make sure everything was in place. No problems, and the office staff was polite and helpful.On the night of our reservation, the cab wasn't there at the appointed time (8:30), but the driver called at 8:40 with apologies for his lateness (due to the NYE traffic) and said that he'd be there in just a few minutes. He was, and was friendly and pleasant.  As expected, the traffic behind the Strip was a madhouse, and he gave us the option of either sitting in traffic indefinitely or getting out and walking the rest of the way. We chose to get out. I was pleased with the overall experience, and would use them again.
1	No respectable cab driver should ask YOU, the passenger, how to get to your destination.
5	i have called them three times in the last month and i have been picked up on time or early every time, all airport rides so important that im on time.. i will use the cab co everytime i need a ride,
1	We are locals. This company is Terrible, do not use them. We were told they would be there in 30 minutes or less. We were near the airport and the strip...no reason to take anymore time than that. 45 minutes later and nothing. We called again to check on the status of the cab and were told it wouldn't be much longer. Another 20 minutes later and still nothing. We ended up calling another cab company. When we tried to call a third time to cancel the cab...no answer. We received a call 10 minutes later to say the cab was there and we're hung up on when we told them another cab came and were almost to our destination.
3	My last trip to Vegas I didn't rent a car, so we cabbed it everywhere.  We used this cab company a few times that weekend and was pleased with the service.  They didn't longhaul us and actually asked which route we preferred once the drivers found out we were former locals.  However, the cabs were beat up and 2 of them didn't have a working AC.  Thank God it wasn't that hot yet.Return Factor - 50%
4	We had the opportunity to use Desert Cab for our trip from Royal Links to our hotel on the strip (Four Seasons). Our driver, Mr. Barnes, was very friendly, courteous and engaging. He even got my husband talking - which is a feat in itself! He made the $35 cab ride go by quickly and comfortably. Thanks for the great service!
2	I've used Desert Cab a few times with mixed results. The general wait time is 20-25 minutes for a cab, but if you're lucky, a cab will come within 10 minutes.One time I called for a cab around 2PM. Was told the standard wait time. 2:30 rolls around and I call DC. The dispatcher said there was situation in Summerlin and told me to wait 30 minutes. Okay.... I was on the east side of town - were ALL of their cabs over there in Summerlin?? I cancelled the cab and called another company.Another time I called for a ride, the cabbie didn't know the directions and asked me to navigate. They don't have GPS? Maybe a lot of their cabbies are all just used to taking tourists to the Strip and the Airport, but not other places in town.
5	Twice in a day they picked us up on time, took us to where we wanted to go (no longhauling) and with no delay and no fuss. Isn't that what a cab company should do? We'll use again.
1	super rude service!!!
5	I'm a Vegas local and use Desert Cab to get to the airport for early morning flights. I schedule the night before, and they're always at my house on time. No complaints here =)
1	Awful cab company. Left me waiting for 30 minutes then called me to ask if I still needed a cab and I had to drag a time out of them. Cabbie called me 2 minutes asking me where I was after I'd already told the dispatcher. Once it finally arrived after 45 minutes total the cab was far dirtier than any other cab I'd been in in Vegas. Pick another company.
5	Called for a pick up Wednesday AM from my house to Airport, they said no problem driver will call you 30 min before to confirm.Got the call 30 min before, picked be up right ontime!Jerry was so pleasant, will always call Desert Cab in the future!
1	The worst taxi in LV.Really pissed me off!Called at 12:50pm and tell me about 10 to 30mins !!Waiting for 1hour and 10mins!!!Still 2.10pm!!!!!Don't spent anything on this company money or time!!
1	.will never use desert cab again.  they left me stranded in Centennial Hills
5	Reserved online for the next morning. They called 30min before my scheduled pickup and even got here 15 min early when I told them I was ready anytime!  Took credit card and all was smooth.
1	Horrid services. Customer serive was rude and didn't listen and made us wait and hour for a cab cause she sent them to the wrong place
5	Since I vowed not to drink and drink...I have been calling Desert Cab...they're always on time and have not waited so far....I probably called about 6 times already...great job guys!
1	I'm a Las Vegas resident who lives about 5-7 miles from the airport.  With my father visiting and departing at 6:15am this morning, he needed to catch a cab at 4:30am.  We called first at 3:50am and were told a cab would arrive in 15-20 minutes.  At 4:30am we called back and were told a cab would arrive in 10 minutes.  At 4:46am we were forced to wake a sleeping baby, load her in the car seat, and drive to the airport.  Not once did anyone call our phone number.  We are very disappointed in the service.  If they avoid local pickups because the fare isn't enough money for them, then shame on you.
5	I called another cab company and waited over an hour. When I called that company back, they STILL hadn't dispatched a driver. I decided to call Desert Cab Co. They had a driver to me in 15min. The driver was incredibly friendly and got me where I needed to be promptly. The price was very competitive. Thanks Desert Cab.
4	I think the key to a good cab experience in this city is reserving one in advance. I made a reservation online for my airport run the next day and got a call (that I happened to miss) about 2.5 hours after I hit submit. I called back and confirmed my cab for the next morning. They explained that they would call 30 minutes before the scheduled pick up time and if I missed the call, they would not dispatch the cab. They also saw that I was going to the airport with 3 people so they asked if we would need a bigger car which I accepted. They called 30 minutes before pick up and then called about 7 minutes before pick up time to say they were outside. Our driver loaded our luggage for us and unloaded it when we got to the airport. They had a Verifone MX870 machine attached to the seat to pay by credit card which then had the option to add a tip by percentage to make it easy to figure out. My only complaint was the fee to pay by credit. But overall a good experience!
1	I waited 1 for my can pick up and never arrived. Called them back and they said it was on its way and again another hour later no cab. Worst cab company to rely on
1	Terrible experience- called for a cab on a Sunday night and was told 20 minutes. When it was late I called disbatch and they informed me that the car was 8 minutes out. An hour after my first call I called them back and was told they would they would "work it out". I called someone else and they were there in under 10 minutes.
5	Every time I have used desert taxi, they have been so nice on the phone when I order a taxi, and the driver has always showed up early. In fact, If I wasn't ready, they always said, take your time.
1	Horrible company. Took my address, name and phone and then didn't send a cab. Called back 20 min later to inquire, and was told that he had forgotten and that I was now number one in queue. Called back 20 min after that and was told they probably couldn't get me a car as they were too busy. Would have been nice to know that 45 minutes ago. Thanks guys. Grade A service.
1	If you are less than 10 miles of Airport (and not on the strip) they will keep promising and no one will show up. Horrible service.
5	I was quite hesitant on using this company to tax a friend over to the airport because of the reviews I had read earlier before scheduling with Desert Cab. But my personal experience with them was excellent. Made an appointment with them the day before and received a call from them the day of roughly 30 minutes before to confirm the destination and pick-up address a final time. They had arrived early and took me to my destination in a very timely manner with reasonable charge.
1	I would not recommend this company to my worst enemy.  Below is a copy of my complaint filed to the Nevada Taxi Authority and to members of upper management at Desert Taxi Inc:      On the morning of June 22nd, 2014, shortly after 2:00AM, I was leaving the Electric Daisy Carnival event at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.  I was attending the event with my girlfriend (name omitted for privacy) and my two friends from Florida.  I had attended the carnival the night before and developed a severe cold.  My friends ended up staying at the carnival until 5:00 AM that night, but unfortunately, I was forced to leave early due to extreme fatigue from the illness. We left the carnival at 1:30AM, but did not make it to the taxi line until after 2:00AM.     The taxi that was assigned to us was Taxi #4238.  The car was blue and was decorated with Mirage advertising.  The cab driver looked to be in his 30's, with a very dark skin complexion, short hair that didn't appear to be more than an inch long, but it was curly at the time, and an accent that sounded Middle Eastern.       The first thing the driver said to me when we got in the car was "So much how are you going to pay me?"  I noticed that his meter was off, and I asked him, "I will pay you the amount that the meter says I need to pay, but why is your meter turned off?"  He proceeded to say, "It doesn't work like that.  This is a special event.  We do not use meters during special events. We negotiate a price upfront for the ride."  Next, he asked me how much I had paid to get down here.  I informed him that we paid $45 for our group via a private driver/shuttle.  He stated, "Oh no, $45 will not work that is way too low, how about you give me $100?"     At this point, I knew the driver was trying to hustle me and was breaking the law, but he had all ready driven at least a mile away from the speedway.   He asked me again to pay him $100, and I tried to negotiate a rate of $80 instead.  I did not have much of an option at this point.  He told me that $80 was not enough and then again asked for $100.  After denying his request for $100 for a third time, he slammed on his breaks in the middle of the freeway.  The car came to a complete stop 2-3x faster than what would be considered a safe stopping distance.  We were sitting in the middle lane of the freeway, completed stopped, while he demanded the money once more.  I again, restated that I was only going to pay $80.  He asked me if I was paying cash or credit.  I told him cash, he flipped on his meter, and floored the accelerator.  He proceeded to speak to someone on either a radio or cell phone and was telling them, "This is bullshit. It's not worth it."     We continued down the freeway for roughly 7 miles when he started demanding that I pay him the money immediately.  I pulled the $80 out of my wallet, showed it to him, and advised him that I would pay him upon arrival.  He stated that I had to pay him immediately.  After denying his request for a 3rd time, he again, slammed on his brakes in the middle of the freeway, came to a complete stop, and told me to "pay him the $80 now or to get out of the fucking car."  With the condition that I was in, I could not take the risk that he would leave us stranded in the middle of the freeway if I did not pay him.  Against my better judgment, I paid him the $80 and he proceeded to drop me off at the hotel.       After I got out of his car, I wrote down his taxi cab information.  I noted that the amount listed on the meter was $45.90 when I stepped out of the car.  I called Desert Taxi on Sunday and left a message to speak with a supervisor.  My call was returned on Monday, but I was not available.  I called back on Tuesday, spoke to Larry, and I explained what happened.     I consider the actions of the taxi driver on that night to not only be illegal, but highly dangerous as well.  By slamming on his breaks and coming to a complete stop in the middle of the freeway twice, he put my life in danger as well as my girlfriends.  This taxi driver obviously has no regard for the law, and his words/actions/threats/harassment towards my girlfriend and I are not fitting of any decent member of society.  I have filed a complaint with the state of Nevada Taxi Authority and will continue to explore other options on how to handle this moving forward.  Due to this experience, I will never take another taxi cab in the city of Las Vegas again.  I will gladly back my statement up in any court of law, and I attest under penalty of perjury that everything stated in this complaint is 100% factual.  This document will be coming from my personal e-mail address.  Please count that as my signature for the document..
4	It was a big gamble calling these guys based on their shi**y yelp reviews, but I feel like services are under reviewed so they likely got the "I had the worst experience" reviews versus reviews from folks who may have had a pleasant experience.  When I called to arrange transport to LAS from Henderson, I mentioned to the operator that I was afraid of being late or the car not showing up based on reviews.  The woman was super friendly and sweet, while assuring me this would not be the case.  She told me they would call a half hour prior to arrival to confirm pick up (their common practice).  What happened next?  I got the call a half hour prior to the cabby arriving.  The guy picked me up and was very pleasant and I got to the airport early! Oohh and it was like $24.  Much nicer than a $100 shuttle service.
1	Took the cab from the airport to MGM Grand. The cab driver took me for an extra loooooong ride so my cab cost $47 Canadian (about $43 USD) when it was supposed to be about $14 USD. Nice service.
1	Frustrating.  We told dispatch we needed a car for 5 people and 4 suitcases, they said no problem. They arrive with an older grand marquis that holds 4 with the driver. When we asked why a van or suv wasn't used, we were told by the polite driver this was the largest vehicle they had. I practically had to sit on the driver's lap to the airport with my bf pulling me to his side of the passenger seat. If this company can't handle 5 people and 4 suitcases, they should say so, so one can find a company that can accommodate a group of 5 with 4 large bags.
1	I called for a cab, dispatch was extremely rude. The cab never came. Finally, once I called another service they called back to see if I still need a cab? Hm... I called and requested one so let's do the math. Will never use them again.
5	I was hesitant to book my cab with them after reading some of these reviews, but I needed to book a cab with a company I knew takes credit cards so I could catch an early morning flight for work. I called a couple of days ago and the dispatcher booked my cab and said another dispatcher would call 30 minutes before my reserved time to confirm I still needed the cab. As promised, the dispatcher called 30 minutes before and said she'd send the driver out. He arrived 10 minutes EARLY and was nice enough to wait without his ticker on as I quickly grabbed the last of my bags. I unfortunately didn't catch his name but he was very nice, drove safely and loaded and unloaded my bags from his trunk. All in all, a pleasant experience. Being a local, I don't use cabs often but the next time I do need one, I'll be calling Desert Cab again.
4	After trying a number of Las Vegas cab companies, I hesitantly tried Desert about a month ago, and have just relied on them since. I always call one hour to ninety minutes before my needed pick up time and they have been early 9 out of 10 times. So far, all the drivers have been courteous and have had clean cabs, and as to the worry about them 'taking the long way'- more often than not they've put in the address into their phones and used the GPS and followed it to the letter. I've even called them 12 hours ahead for an early AM pickup to the airport and they were early. So far so good. The only cab service that I've found to be reliable since moving here.
1	I with I could leave negative stars..... Never had a good experience with this company! Also wish I didn't need to leave a negative review! Called for a cab and they made it seem easy.... They call me half an hour later to verify the address and then I have to call 45 minutes after that for them to tell me there is no one coming?!?! You couldn't call and tell me that? Then when I ask for a supervisor, they put me on hold for 10 minutes! Will be filing a complaint with the BBB! A company that would benefit everyone by going under!
1	Horrible service.  I called for a cab and they informed me that someone would be here in 45-60 minutes and that the driver would call me when he arrived.  No one ever showed up.  I called back to talk to the company and was informed no one was in the area to take the call.  I asked why no one called me to inform me and she stated that I was supposed to call them back to check on the status.  No one ever told me I needed to call back to check the status.  I am a business owner and communication with your customers is key.  I will never recommend this cab company to anyone.  STAY AWAY FROM DESERT CAB
1	Terrible service just plain awful, waiting one hour plus with no estimate of when they will arrive!  We need to petition government here to allow uber app to have other options beyond these disaster taxi companies!
1	If they had a star for ZERO I would be doing that...I never even got the taxi because the receptionist/dispatch was so RUDE...I understand for the safety of the driver but after your RUDE to me and out me on HOLD for 5+ min...I would much rather take my money somewhere else...if I were that receptionist boss she would be FIRED...
1	Terrible customer service. If you have somewhere to be with an appointment they will not call you to tell you they will be late. I waited 2 hours for them after I had already missed my appointment that cost me a late fee. I strongly recommend using a different service.
1	Undependable service. I phoned desert for a taxi. Told them I had a flight departing in 1 hour and 45 minutes and was ready immediately. I was told 15 to 20 minutes for the cab to arrive. 20 minutes later we are already standing on the curb in front of my house for 5 minutes so I call again. 20 minutes is up so where is the cab? I'm told on its way... almost there. Other phone calls occur. They still claim to be coming shortly. At 40 minutes we decided we now have to take our car or we will miss our flight. Frankly desert now cost me a weeks car parking fees at McCarran. When did they finally show up? 48 minutes. Where am I then? Going thru security. Just barely caught my flight. No thanks to this companie's undependable service. From my house nearby cab services only searches up one cab company with a rating above 3 stars. If these guys are any example I guess I should walk. Unfortunately the 3 star rated cab company was not answering thrir phone today. Don't call these guys.
1	First and last time I will ever consider using this company. I didn't even get to ride a cab. Initially I was quoted 45 minutes to an hour. I called them back after 80 mins and was told I was taken off the list but that I'll be added back in as "high priority," meaning being "#1" on the list.  1 hour later, still no cab. I tried to be as patient as possible, but Desert Cab really pushes it. Called again and got hung up on for no reason. I figured I was simply taken off the list again, because I never heard back from anyone.
5	This is the fourth time I have used Desert Cab to get to the airport. Again it was easy and a great price. I book on line, they are always on time. The drivers are nice and personable. They ask how we want to get to the airport. I will continue to use this cab company.
1	Thought this idiot psycho company was great until they left me high & dry for 2 hours at a store on the east side of LV IN THE DAMN COLD NIGHT. It was only a 8 buck or so fare so I was gonna just walk the hell home until this dude who worked at this joint got me a cab from another company they arrived in 20 minutes. I gave the dude 25 bucks for getting me home NOW DON'T YOU WISH YOU STILL HAD MY BUSINESS DESERT SUCK ASS CAB???? 25 BUCKS FOR AN 8 DOLLAR FARE BOO HOO NO MORE MONEY FOR YOU!!!!!
4	Thank you for being prompt to get me a ride to get my meds.
5	I've used them about 5 times them when I need a ride to the airport.  I've never had a problem. Dispatcher always calls 30 minutes before picking me up. Driver also calls 15 minutes prior to pick up and gal ways gets there a little early. Cab are always clean. No problems here.
5	Dispatcher was very pleasant. Asked for 12 noon pick up to go to airport. They confirmed half hour before arrival. Taxi arrived exactly on.time. very pleasant driver. Could not have been better. Would use them again without a doubt.
2	I reviewed previous reviews and decided to book a cab appt. online to get a cab to the airport. I booked the cab online but didn't get any confirmation email. Two hours before my pick up time I called to make sure the cab was reserved. They assured me the cab would be here promptly at 11:30pm. I went outside on the curb in the freezing cold and stood there for 15 minutes before I called them. I finally got through the phone line after another 15 minutes of freezing cold and they said that they had tried to call me for confirmation ahead of time but there was no answer. I did not receive any phone call from them. They said they would send another cab then and I had no choice but to wait for it at this point. A cab finally arrived 50 minutes after my scheduled booking time! Absolutely Ridiculous!
5	I called for a cab on New Years and wasn't sure if they would be able to make it on time because the city was obviously busy that night. I got a call from Mohammed saying that he had arrived. He actually showed up 20 minutes early. Waited for us without starting the meter. Great experience, quick efficient service, and he wasn't one of those crazy cab drivers.
3	Cons: the cabs smell really bad (smoke and odor), the drivers are usually pretty weird, you never know when they're going to show up.Pros: from where we are at, only about $20 to the airport including tip. Just your average cab service, what do you expect?! lol
