4	Update 1/29/07: Last weekend, I went to FAO Schwarz in Caesar's and  the fountain shop is now gone.  Even though the directory inside the store has not been changed. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, this FAO Schwarz is one of only three locations left in North America.  I give this pricey toy store a five star rating because it is more than just a toy store.   Within FAO Schwarz, Las Vegas their is a fountain shop and a candy store. The fountain shop is relatively expensive, a milkshake will cost you $9. But I believe that price for a milkshake is worth it because they serve your favorite milkshake in a one liter mug with whip cream and a cherry. The fountain shop staff is friendly and attentive, and just a joy to talk to. The candy store contains a wide range of tasty treats sucha as gummy bears, rock candy, jelly beans, chocolate items, and more. Lastly the entire store is three floors and if you venture to the top floor you can dance on the replica of the huge piano from the movie "Big" starring Tom Hanks. Anyway, this is a great place for kids and those who are young at heart.
5	Who in their right mind doesn't love a giant toy store?  (If you just said, "me," get outta my review.)  Even the most stodgy adults can become besotted by a stuffed animal or action figure.  That proverbial kid in all of us just goes nuts for that stuff, and I don't blame 'em.  Who doesn't long for days when your biggest worry was the condition and well being of your teddy bear?FAO Schwarz is just amazing.  Three stories of toys, toys and more toys.  (Yes, they have the keyboard just like in Big.)  The Trojan horse out front bows his head and emits plumes of smoke inviting you in.  I've spent hours here, by myself, as an adult, reveling in it.  The Barbie room will turn anyone with an ounce of estrogen into a Bob Mackie critiquing Cher wanna be.  The Star Wars set up?  Oh please, I had to run to the bathroom I was so excited. There's nothing I don't love about this place.  It's unadulterated fun.  (And I think I might love this one more than the NYC location.  Shhhh, don't let them know.)
5	How I miss the FAO at Union square in downtown SF.  It was sad to see it go and hear the rumblings that all the FAO's will be shutting down.  Of course this was years ago and it's good to know that there are still some FAO's that will never go away.There's just something about the HUGE Trojan horse that makes up the entrance to this haven of toys.  It's such an imposing sight to see, it just draws you in.  Who doesn't remember the movie "BIG" when we were kids?  (OK kind of giving away my age here....) The scene of with Tom Hanks and Robert Loggia playing in the NY FAO, and dancing on the giant floor electric keyboard is still one of my favorite movie scenes of all times, and one of the reasons why I love FAO.The Vegas FAO currently greets you with a HUGE stuffed dragon with quite a menacing look to him.  Very cool if you're a fantasy fan, or just a tourist (like the thousand I saw standing or mobbed around said dragon for a photo opp).  For the most part, FAO has always offered the higher end toys that I'd never buy, but it always takes you back to your youth and reminds you how it feels to be a kid again.
4	Who has not seen BIG?  You know that movie with Tom Hanks, and when he plays the piano dancing!  Well this is that store.  Well it's not the one in New York, this is how it's done "Vegas Style".  It's got all the tricks, from the a Hugs Trojan Horse Walking in!  Your immediately taken back by the selection of toys.  You want to by a train set, play with legos, and "O" here it comes that BIG ASS PIANO!  If your there at the right time, there are employees who can actually play songs on that thing dancing on the keys, recreating that moment in BIG....before your very eyes!  They you think you know!  But you don't and try your own rendition of "chopsticks"!  I can say bring the camera here too!  Snap some shots with friends and family, maybe buy a key chain, and say COOL!
3	There was a time I would have given 5 stars with no hesitation.  My first FAO experience was the famous one on 5th Avenue in good ol' New  York.  Then the San Francisco opened a mini version of this fabulous store.  The first time I saw the Vegas one?  I was floored.I collect Barbies - so naturally I made a beeline to the Barbie area of the store.  I was so impressed.  All the latest and greatest collector editions were out of their boxes and on display.  It was beautiful.I loved all the different areas of the store and the variety of toys.  There's always a table full of toys for kids to get hands-on.   It was great.Last time I visited (Aug 07), I was so disappointed.  What happened?  The mecca of toys now carries more stuffed animals that ever.  Barbie world has been reduced to a small one wall area.  Oh the horror, the horror!  Maybe it was restocking day, because throughout the store, there were just sections and sections of empty shelves.I still give three stars because it's still a huge space and for a toy palace, it's still impressive to the kids.  But for this adult with specific interests who carries the credit card, I don't have a reason to stop by there anymore.  I'm sad.
5	Wow, what a fantastic store!  This is three massive stories full of toys.  The toys are grouped into sections so that you don't have to run around trying to find similar items.  The stuffed animal section is particularly big and if you can't find a particular species in there, chances are you won't find one anywhere else.As I mentioned before, the store has three stories connected by escalators and elevators.  The wooden horse is fantastic to play in (it doubles as a tree house) and it's a great photo opportunity as well.  It's located right in the heart of The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, so it's quite convenient as well.
4	This place is kinda crazy and a bit creepy. They have a giant trojan horse in the front so you can't really miss it.A friend wanted to buy a doll for her daughter there so we stopped in and took a look. The place has 3 stories and it's packed with stuff. The thing that freaked me out was all the dolls. Freaky freaky I tell you. They nuked the doll that she bought so they could like mold the legs and arms and stuff. Creepy.The rest of us couldn't handle it anymore so we went across the hall to the bar and brought back chocolate cake shots for everyone. We took em down just under the trojan horse at FAO Schwarz... chocolate cake shots at FAO Schwarz... sooo wrong.
5	This place kicks ass. We had so much fun with a camera here. I also tried to ride this carpet slider thingy and I had too much force that I fell like a bitch and slammed into a pile of boxes. Pretty embarrassing but it sure was funny! Go visit this place before we turn into the future where little kids are too busy watching porn online to play with legos and action figures.
1	I think alot of the posters here fail to mention if they bought anything. This store is notorious for selling toys at 3-4 times the normal rate. When this place first opened up, it was just an amazing site. The Trojan horse was awesome. You'll always notice the same thing though, alot of people walking in and alot of people walking out WITHOUT BAGS. My last trip here was horrible. My toddler gives me that smile like "I have something in my diaper for you dad" look. So we head to the mens room. I don't even think they try to clean this place up. I opened up the changing table and the thing is covered with dried poop everywhere. I still had to change my kid, so I had to clean that crud up. I was soo mad. This FAO can't survive for long. The kids will always love to play in FAO, but I'm never going to spend a cent here.
2	What greatness was.... is no more...I used to love this store. Once you hit the escalator you were greeted by c3po and r2d2 on the 3rd floor. GOSH this was my type of Greeting. Star Wars Land...I think I've died and gone to heaven!  Yes, I am a star ward nerd..I absolutely loved this place..Heck they had a star wars cantina!Now? not so much they pretty much got rid of 80% of their merchandise and there really is no theme to any of the themed sections of the store....Honestly it sucks...I miss the old fao
4	Right in the middle of the Forum Shops sits this giant Wooden Horse protruding through the glass store front. This is every rich kid like from "The Toy" with Richard Pryor's dream. Larger than life stuffed animals of the most unusual sorts and some of the most unique and expensive toys, trains and some mush great stuff. You can even visit part of the store inside the wooden horse. This store is for those with no credit limit. We took a photo with  a $5K Dragon.(stuffed toy)
2	The store is cool, with lots of big toys.  But they are so massively overpriced that it's a bit ridiculous.  The best thing we found was a doll that had been mispriced.  Then we spent at least fifteen minutes arguing with the cashier about getting the price, and as he was getting miffed about it, the manager came up and gave it to us for the price it was marked, and promptly told him to go back and make sure that everything was correct.  Again.Apparently he was miffed not at us getting the price, but because he was supposed to have done this job previously.  Whoops.While the store is neat and all, I think I prefer the original store in NYC, or even Toys R Us in NYC.  This one is just sort of cheesy.
4	I just bought wayyyyyy too many 2 foot uglydolls here.  But they were on sale, and it was awesome. The staff is pretty knowledgeable about all your toy needs as well.The end.
3	It's a toy store, people. I enjoy myself here, but I have just as much fun at other toy stores that are in San Diego.I haven't tried the fountain shop though. I'm craving a milkshake right about now ...
4	interesting place to wander around and kill time.. if your ever feeling down or bored just come here and hug the $100+ stuffed bears. i promise you'll leave feeling better ;-)
5	I saw the big wooden horse and I bolted for it. No more toys? That o.k. They filled the joint up with candy. My eyes popped out of my head. Chocolate covered brownies, cherry licorice, and white chocolate covered pretzels. I was loosing my screws. I had to get out of there. The prices are very resonable for being in the forum shops. I spent 25 bucks for 5 bags. Woo Hoo!
4	Cool Place it has changed alot since I went there for the first time years ago.  still a cool place togo in and kill some time and see some high end toys.  I do want to try out their fountain shop though did not have time last time. I will try it on my next Vegas Run
5	Fun candy shop in the mall.  Very friendly staff and clean store.  They have a huge variety of vintage candy
5	This is the one place in the whole wide world, not that I've had a chance to explore the whole thing or anything like that...but so far...you know what I mean, that has RASPBERRY and WATERMELON flavored gummy bears. I am a huge sucker for the lil bears. I love gummies to begin with but after trying a raspberry and a watermelon gummy, I was hooked. I bought about $4 worth of gummy bears, 1/2 watermelon and 1/2 raspberry. It was rediculous!! I shared them with my mom and uncle during our trip. We polished off that bag of gummies in no time. But, by the time that I thought that I'd have a chance to go back we were in too much of a rush. So, since the end of November, I've been suffering from my gummy withdrawl. I can't wait to go back in February and to just buy at least a pound of each to take home. THey are my favorite!! Even better, the prices aren't crazy. I love it!! I was surprised when I saw what they had and I'm hooked on the suckers as if they were crack bears!! OMG!! so good! don't believe me, you should try it!! YUMMMMMM
5	I adore this place! It's always been a favorite of mine when I'm in Las Vegas!I've seen this place shift so much. The candy section use to be on the left now it takes up the entire right side which use to be an ice cream parlor.This place is huge! Its about 3 or 4 stories high and has a nice wide range selection of toys. The very top floor is a mix between a toy store and an arcade! Its fun just running around this place and running around inside the huge horse that's displayed outside!
2	Only people in there were the workers. Creepy. The first worker I saw was skating on this thing that was similar to a skateboard but wasn't and juggling bowling ball pins. His whole steeze vividly reminded me of J.P. from Grandma's Boy. Creepy. Where is Big's Piano?!Where is all the Mattel?! I don't know if it was the 'cid, but all I can say is "creepy".
3	Wow, I miss this place. Used to go there a lot when I was younger. I do agree with a lot of the reviewers, it was over-the-top expensive, and you almost had to have a gift card or be extremely wealthy to buy anything there. The Trojan horse was probably the highlight for me. That monster was extremely cool! I don't know how many of you actually saw it come to life, but like I said before, it was cool. It lit up and smoke came out of its nostrils, its eyes changed color and its head moved up and down. I can't believe they got rid of it after FAO closed. Who cares about it being practical? ;) Anyway, I also agree that it was better in its earlier years. The first year I went there, they had this amazing display of Mattel products ( I have to admit, even if I'm not really a fan), and this really cute doghouse that hid a display of the American Kennel Club stuffed animals. Another thing that caught my eye was their extensive collection of "Breyer horses" and Schleigh (realistic looking plastic horses). I believe that was in 2002. Everything in the store was over-the-top, and I was amazed; It was like paradise. It continued that way until about 2007. That was when I noticed that everything started to seem a bit...dull. A lot of their displays had been removed, and a lot of the merchandise was even more sky-high than it had been before. Hardly anyone visited the store anymore. Even the giant piano had been removed. What was going on? The last time I ever visited the store, it was during the holiday season prior to the closing of F.A.O. Schwarz. I was (and still am) part of a piano group that would perform during the holiday season right under the Trojan horse. That always gave me an excuse to visit the store too, so that was a plus. :) Right, anyway, after my group was finished playing, we decided to head to FAO Schweetz for some celebratory dessert. One problem, however. FAO Schweetz was "under renovation" according to one of the employees. I later found out that it really meant that they were removing everything from the shop in preparation for permanent closure. Oh, well. My family and I continued to wander around in FAO Schwarz instead. Half of their inventory seemed to be gone and everything was on sale (mind you, sales didn't happen often at that store. Most of them were so bad that no one bought anything anyway.) I ended up with a stuffed dog from the recent movie "Hotel for Dogs", and we decided to proceed to the Breyers, which were on the second level.  All of the elevators were "down", as well as the escalators, so we took the stairs. When we reached the second floor, it was like a graveyard. NO ONE was up there, not even employees. Super creepy! Not wanting to prolong this visit to fright ville, second story edition, I grabbed the first "Breyer" I found (My Friend Flicka, with book). After that creepy visit, we quickly proceeded to checkout, and left. I didn't know what on earth was going on at that store; normally their customer service was pretty good, and their was always someone around to help. Just plain weird in my book. About a month later, I was reading the newspaper, and I literally spit out my orange juice. There, right on the front page of the Las Vegas Sun, was an article covering the closure and demolition of F.A.O. Schwarz. WOW. That was the only word that came to mind. That explained the suspicious lack of employees, and the curious "renovations" of the escalators, elevators, and FAO Schweetz. It was all in preparation for abandonment of their space in the Forum Shops.Ohhhh, OK. I'll admit, I was upset for a little, but I got over it. Its not like it was a big part of my everyday life. I do miss this store, but I think it was best that it went. Everything was too expensive, and hardly anyone shopped there.  It was also way to big. F.A.O didn't have the funding to fill it completely, making it look... lame. Overall, it was best that "H and M" moved into its space. I do, however, miss the Trojan horse. That monstrosity was the most awesome thing about the store! :)
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I don't understand how one of the most iconic toy stores only has 2 reviews? Come on people, this one one of the toy stores that we dream of...at least I do. I have gone here on every Vegas visit and the one thing that they removed that is missed is the Monopoly soda shop which is...you guessed it, Monopoly themed. No one on staff was able to give me a reasonable explanation for this. Regardless of how old you are this is the best place to explore your inner child and unleash the little kid that wants to hug and kiss every single stuffed toy imaginable. They have everything from plushes, action figures, dolls, candy and lego (and everything in between). If you're a collector of Barbie's there is a show case of some seriously expensive designer collectors Barbie's fit for those whom hit the jackpot anywhere on the strip. In the main lobby they have a soda float bar and if you're really nice....they give you sprinkles. Price wise it was surprisingly reasonable in comparison to the other stores in the mall.
