2	I recently got a full set of gels two days before my wedding. Within 24 hours, they began to break -- actually, not just break, more like shatter! - and yes, I was being very careful with them. Luckily I had nail glue with me as I had no time to go back to get them fixed, and I managed to hide the breaks well enough for my wedding. The following day, another one broke, and at that point I just gave up and cut them back with nail clippers. I have never seen gels do something like this before, ever. Since Encore is such a fabulous place, I assumed that they would have only the best personnel and products in their salon. Apparently not. And the price? Overpriced even for great service and products -- and in my case, a total rip-off.
4	I have been to this salon twice within the past 3 months.  I want to start with the most recent visit as this is what has prompted me to write this review.  Or, I should say, one person has, Verenice?(not sure on spelling).On my most recent visit I wasn't permitted to spa/massage as I normally would do to a recent surgery, so I decided to treat myself to a haircut and pedi instead.  I was a bit hesitant to have someone unknown cut and style my hair.  OMG...Verenice did an AMAZING job. With just a cut and blowdry she made my hair look better than it's ever looked..no flat iron or curling iron needed(as I usually have to do to make it decent).  I got several compliments on it...and the best part?  It lasted through the next two days! That's unheard of for me.  The day after I'm usually washing again or in a pony-tail.  Needless to say...I will splurge to visit her every time in Vegas now!  The pedi...I chose the $95 version..a bit expensive for what it is...but the view is quite relaxing especially if sipping a glass of chamagne.  I had Brenda on this trip...and I must say she did a much better job than the last pedi I had there a few months ago(can't remember the woman's name..but short blonde hair).  Also had a mani a few months ago there w/a tall slender asian guy.  It was good and looked nice, but I don't feel it stayed as nicely as the mani I had @ Vdara's salon around New Years Eve time.  Can't say enough about the haircut though!  It rocked!
