5	The service was fast, 4 tires and wheels in 45 mins, VERY friendly, great sales, won't go anywhere else!
5	So I'm from the Los Angeles area and drive out to Vegas late at night (clocking 90-95 miles per hour) with the top down.  The next day, I check into my hotel and in the light of day I see I have NO tread on my tires.  Sweet jeebus...one false move and I could have been toast.  Well, I'm whining to my nephew who immediately gets on the phone to his good friend, Kyle, who works at Discount Tire.  So he makes an appointment and we take the car in.  Wow!  Kyle was just fantastic and really seemed to know what he was talking about and had me in and out in no time!  Now, it didn't appear that I received preferential treatment because of my nephew's connection.  During the wait time, I could hear people's comments and see their reactions and people were pretty pleased!  Now my car rides smooth and I have no concerns about a blow out on the highway.  Thanks, Travis and Kyle!
5	We always go to the one on Centennial, but there are not listed here. They have a fast and friendly service, complementary coffee and water, and clean bathrooms. A+
5	I love this place! They sure know about tires. Great staff. VASSIE is the greatest! go see him if you have any questions. He's very knowledable and extremely friendly. I won't take my car anywhere else!!  Reasonable prices also!!
5	Simply the best! The shop was busy when I got there, but they still took the time to acknowledge me. The sales person explained the different types of tires. He was knowledgeable, honest, and helpful. I purchased 4 new tires.
5	I've learned today that a nail puncturing your tire is bad.  Quick google search (and a reprimand from my father) brought me here.  They had the option to schedule an appointment but there wasn't one open until nearly noon and I had work to get to!  Since it was almost 8am and that's when it opens I figured it's best to just make an impromptu visit and voila, no wait, which makes the appointment system weird in itself but I digress, I'm getting away from myself.In short, the gentleman helped me right away, looked at my tires, answered any questions I had, gave me the overall status of my tires (aside from the puncture of course), and they took my truck into the shop.  The customer rep said fixing the tire was free but did up-sell me the rotation and balancing for the "special price of $25!".  I ended up accepting anyway since it had been a while since I've done that and the customer service was great enough that I didn't mind.  Although afterwards did try to see if I was interested in rims which was a line I wasn't willing to cross.  Otherwise though, he wasn't really pushy.  The wait wasn't too long and the ride feels smooth again. :)  Recommended.
5	Yes, you can find a cheaper tire. I like this place because they offer a warranty and a bunch of other services with your tire purchase.Another great thing - I was literally out of there in less than 15 minutes! Extra star for their awesome service!
4	Great location. Kept clean and the workers are great. Vassie is awesome. If they had free wifi I'd totally give these guys five stars. That's the only deal breaker for me. It's torturous sitting for at least an hour without being able to browse Facebook these days! Heh. You guys get wifi and I'll update my review with the 5 stars, fo rizzle. Otherwise, great service and great products.
4	I caught a nail.. went to Discount and was pleasantly surprised. All the guys who work in there are nice, professional and super helpful. They patch tires for free there so points on top of points with all the service I was getting. When I went in they were ridiculously busy so what should have been a 15 minutes visit turned into a 2 hour wait. That left me little miffed but ultimately you can't be mad with free service..!! i'll def be back!!
5	I'm a woman, so understandably I'm skeptical about ANY business that tries to sell me ANYTHING for my car. After some online research, I had a certain tire in mind that I wanted to get as I need all four tires replaced. I went to this location on Craig based on the good reviews. I told the man who was helping me (he was super nice by the way) that I wanted a certain tire. He checked it out and they were out of the tire I wanted. So he recommended I get a different tire instead of waiting for the ones I picked out, because this other tire was better quality plus it was currently on sale.Naturally, I thought he was trying to take advantage of me and make some extra cash by selling me this "other" tire... so I took a time-out and looked up tire reviews from my phone. Turns out I was just being a paranoid freak because he was being completely honest. The tire he recommended was actually MUCH better than the one I had picked out (I just didn't consider it because it was out of my price range online). In the store however, it ended up being only a couple dollars more than the tire I originally picked out because it was on sale. So I came out winning thanks to the super nice, honest Discount Tire guy! Yay!Long story short-- this was the first time in my life that I was actually wrong about getting ripped off at a car-place. I've had my new tires for a few weeks now and I LOVE them. I can tell just by how my car rides that they're much better quality. I love you, Discount Tire! :)P.S. They work quickly and have a Keurig coffee maker in the waiting area. Soo... two thumbs up for that.
5	I go to this, Discount Tire, whenever I need any tire work. I have always trusted there judgment, and on my most recent visit I was so impressed, that I decided to write my first review on Yelp for them. :-) About a month ago, I had planned a trip up to Mt. Charleston. I noticed a screw in my back tire, and knew Discount Tire would patch it up for me, for free! So I made arrangements to get my tire fixed, and Ryan (I hope that's his name, I double checked the receipt) looked at my tires and said that it was too unsafe to fix, that I needed new tires. After going back and forth about how I didn't want new tires and that I just wanted it patched up, he told me he could put the spare on, but really didn't want me driving in that tire how it is right now. I decided to get new tires and had to go home to get the money. When I came back he had saved my spot in line, I was still there awhile, but this was 4 in the afternoon on a Monday. Very busy point in the evening, I'm sure. I was so happy about my two new tires, the best part was that last summer I bought two tires for, $150 and he said with gas prices he would not be able to do that, but in the end I was able to get that deal after all! Did I mention I drive a truck? Discount Tire is the best!!
5	I needed to get my tires replaced and didn't know where to go so I looked on yelp for the shop with the highest rating. I live down south but since every review was really good I booked an appointment online for later in the week. within 30 minutes a representative called and asked what i need help with and said if i could bring my car in today they would give a free inspection and quote on some tires. i got there at 1:10 pm on a wednesday afternoon and omar helped me out. and literally i was in and back on the road at 1:35. the prices arent bad either. excellent service, quick and very clean nice location.
3	Sadly this would have been a 5 star review had they not scratched my car. I have been going to this location for many years. The store is clean inside and the staff is always friendly and answer all my questions.I needed new tires all the way around. I was helped this visit right away. The total for all 4 tires with warranty was $733. That is a lot of moola! I was shocked! After checking around though it seemed this was the best deal I was going to get. I was told it would be 30 minutes. I left to grab a bite to eat and came back an hour later so I don't actually know when they were done but that didn't matter as it was ready when I got there. I was pleased with my new tires but not the scratch on my car near the front right tire. I complained right away about it. I explained the car was new and there were no other scratches and you could see fresh paint on it. I was told by the person who gave me the keys that he couldn't do anything because the person who did it went home for the day.I can't believe that is how they represent customer service for discount tires. Basically, what they are saying is we will put brand new seven hundred and thirty three dollar tires on but if we mess up your vehicle in the process it isn't our problem.Like I said in the past I have had a great experience here but this time wasn't great at all.
5	This was the only place in town where I could find a steel rim in stock. They also had the best price as well. Excellent customer service. Great place overall. I will be buying my tires here from now on.
5	I got a blown tire just a hundred yards away from this Discount Tire store. It took less than 30 minutes from the minute I pulled in to the minute I drove out with two new tires. And they rotated my two old rear tires to the front for free. The office/waiting room is clean and spacious. I received  sound and detailed advice on tire brand selection from one of the mechanics. I am very satisfied with their work.
4	I just bought my third set of tires here.  The price is always good compared to other competitors, and the service is swift and friendly.  On the phone, the manager said my 4 Michelin tires would be at the store in one hour, and I would be out the door in 30 minutes.  I would receive a $100 rebate to boot.I arrived at the business in 1 hour and 15 minutes; all new tires were already there; and, despite about 10 people already in the waiting room, all tires were quickly mounted on my car and I was out the door in 29 minutes, with the $100 rebate processed online by me without any glitches within an hour after that.  So why the loss of half a star?I was asked by the manager if I had picked up a complimentary bottle of cold water, and I responded that I had helped myself to a free bottle, but it was not cold.  Although several salesmen were moving about, no one had apparently noticed that the refrigerator was totally empty; only warm bottles rested in cases on top.  As I was leaving, I saw an employee start to restock the refrigerator with water bottles.More importantly, when my car was returned to me I noticed that visible white lines (probably from sealant) had streaked all four tires.  It took me less than 5 minutes to wash all the streaks off with water at a nearby gas station.  But it should be obvious to the service techs that when a car owner spends several hundred dollars to buy new mounted tires, he or she would like to see them looking better upon receipt than the old worn ones that were just removed.  I feel that the technicians should spend a few extra minutes making sure that the tires are properly detailed before presenting a car for return--even if that might throw off the 30-minute promise a bit.  Speed is much less important than mounting and tightening the tires properly and presenting a nice-looking final product.  I know these particular tires were all properly mounted and tightened because I just arrived intact in southern California without incident after driving at high speeds from North Las Vegas in the middle of the night (to beat the heat) following an enjoyable UYE at Settebello's in Henderson.  So, I highly recommend this store to others overall, despite the two minor gripes just expressed.
5	Great service. Low prices.
5	Fast service! I woke up today to a flat tire and thought JUST GREAT!!! Well I've always gone to Discount Tire and have always received great service. They greeted me right away and was eager to assist me. They were able to get me in and out within 30-40 minutes. I purchased my tires from Discount Tires in Arizona and they were able to look up my information and get me fixed up right away and the best part of it was it was no charge!
5	This time there was nothing to complain about!  Not only was a tire repair effected quickly and competently after I arrived, but the business refused to let me pay anything for dismounting a flat front tire and removing a screw from it, rebalancing the tire, and remounting it after repairs.  And the waiting room refrigerator was well stocked with bottles of complimentary water.Even though I have purchased three full sets of tires here in recent years, I am confident that all customers are treated pretty much the same.  For, besides this tire store receiving an overall 4-1/2 star average rating from a large number of Yelp reviewers, I saw another motorist pull in, receive air in tires manually performed by a store salesman, and then drive off without being asked to pay anything.This place does not just pay lip service to customer service; it delivers fine and friendly customer service, as well as highly competent work!
5	This place is excellent. Jason was extremely helpful and polite on the phone. I only spent about thirty minutes there for them to check my tire. I was anticipating having to purchase a new tire but I paid nothing. They fixed the leak and I was good to go. By interacting with and seeing the staff, they seem to genuinely care about efficiency and customer service.
4	I'm very cautious walking into "big box" retail centers because I don't want to be sold on something I don't need. I came her a few weeks ago because I ran over a nail and needed a simple plug to repair the small leak. One of their managers greeted me and looked at my tire right away. After his inspection he told me that my tire is too old and the tread was cracking away from the tire. He suggested I replace the tire because it was too worn and fixing it wouldn't be worth it. I quickly declined his offer because I thought he was just trying to make a sale and I left. After doing some research and speaking with other wheel and tire technicians they all agreed that the tire was too worn to be fixed. I found a small tire shop to plug the hole and I went on my way. The very next day my tire was flat again and the slow leak wasn't fixed. I was warned that this might happen due to the condition for the tire. So I went back to the same Discount Tire and bought two new tires. I spoke with the same manager and apologized for being stubborn and not taking his advice. He ended up giving me the same deal as before and the service was really fast. I'm now fully confident with the honesty and service at this location. I will defiantly be coming back.........Thanks Mike!
5	Absolute best service in this city.  Everyone is professional, polite, friendly, fun and fast.  They fixed my flat tire last night and they won a customer for life.  Are we allowed to say this on yelp... They fixed it for free!  The business model is treat people like family and I am here to tell you they really do.
5	The service here is truly outstanding. The only "bad" thing is that it can get pretty busy and since they give each customer's tires lots of individual TLC, the wait time can get a bit long at busy times. The good news is that you can plan ahead by scheduling an appointment on their website to drastically reduce your waiting. I would highly recommend coming here for any tire needs.
5	I got a flat tire this past weekend and put on my spare. Decided to make an appointment at Discount Tire. Found the tires I needed online, made the appointment, and it was just that easy. Before I even got out of my car I had Assistant Manager, Randy greeting me with a warm smile. He even knew that I spelled my name a little different. There was no high pressure sales pitch on tires and rims, he did suggest a different brand of tire with higher quality that matched the ones I had previously had.  I asked him to keep the best tire for my spare and for whatever reason the sizes didn't match up and he took care of me. He set me up with a usable full spare they had. I can't believe how wonderful the customer service was and how incredibly nice the staff was.  They are very knowledgeable and quick. I was in and out in less than half an hour. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone I know.
5	Amazing!!!! This is the best tire shop in Vegas.  The people are super efficient, friendly, and very professional. Best of all,  they did not charge me anything to fix a slow leak in my tire. Yes, FREE!!!!! How can you beat that? Oh,  use the online reservation. It is super fast.  They have my tire business forever.
5	I have used this location numerous times and have nothing but great things to say about it. The manager there is a great person who loves to help you out and find you the right tire for your purpose. All the employees that I have ever dealt with have great attitudes. This last time I went in looking for a tire to fit under the front of my lowered 69 VW bug. The tires have to be a certain width but also not too short or they won't work, well anyways long story short. They found a tire that worked great and ordered them right up for me. Thanks Discount.
