3	Good grocery selection, poor service by deli, cashier, and bagger.Great service at bakery.
4	Things I love about this Fry's:The cute, slow little old people.The huge parking lot with the temptation of a Taco Bell within.The great selection of spendy La Brea Bakery Bread.Wednesday's.The vast inside with everything but the kitchen sink. Fresh lobster?!The cute, slow little old people. Things I hate about this Fry's:The cute, slow little old people.The huge parking lot with the temptation of a Taco Bell within.The great selection of spendy La Brea Bakery Bread.Wednesday's.The vast inside with everything but the kitchen sink. Fresh lobster?!The cute, slow little old people.
5	This store is one of my favorites, it is laid out so well and we enjoy all the older ladies that work the registers.  They are always so pleasant to work with, but the parking lot is my least favorite.  Everyone is zipping through so fast and there is always someone begging for money.
1	Don't know if all Frys Stores do this or not, but there's certainly no such thing as brand loyalty.  I've used a product (Spic n Span) for over 50 years and now the store doesn't carry it.  The other brands are too expensive & seem to aggravate asthma.   Second,  I raised an 18 year old cat on Aristocrats Cat Food.  When he passed away, I started my new kittens on the same regimen.  Four years later, Fry's doesn't carry it.  My spoiled kitties won't eat anything else.  Third, Beneful dog food is .20 per container higher and the dry food is $1.00 higher than PetSmart .  Fourth, when I go to find my favorite brand of coffee, the store has chosen to stock a multitude of Starbucks products instead.   And all of these brands are more expensive than what I used.  Fifth, I hope they don't remove the Bailey's creamer.  The quantity stocked has dwindled.  This store is located in a retirement area and it's customers are primarily seniors on fixed incomes.  They choose to gouge prices of new products and remove the cheaper brand of older products.  Sixth, I usually pick up my prescriptions there.  The last prescription I received (refills) were not the right amount of mgs.  I'd have to take 4 of these pills to get the same dosage as I was taking.  I feel a Pharmacist should have caught that mistake.  That has caused me problems with my insurance, as well.  Seventh, Fry's issued coupons for their products which should make me happy.  However, some of the coupons are for products that Fry's doesn't carry.  Should someone doing the printing know this?   This unhappy customer is shopping for a new grocery store.  Any suggestions?  Sick and Tired of being Taken for Granted!
1	Starbucks inside this store SUCKS! First, I was so happy to know there is a Starbucks in the store that I don't need to drive to a Starbucks to buy my drink however; what I got is very big disappointment. There are 2 Barista working however; service is very slow & not friendly at all. I ordered my one & only ultimate favorite frap & they messed up my order. I over heard the barista asking the other barista who took my order; what is this? And replied; she just want 2 pumps of roast. When i got my order it looks like she had made my drink regular with 4pumps. I asked her if she only had put 2pump as my drink was very strong. She rudely replied; yes! I was like, i know my drink & this is not right. She then turned her back & ignored me. I'm so upset that all i want is my frap but all i got was disappointment. Threw it & walked away with no drink & paid for it. I will never buy starbucks there again!!
