2	Holy panic inducing layout! Shelves up to the ceiling, cramped isles, no organization, and few price tags. I almost walked right back out the door, but pulled up my big girl panties in went into the trenches. I came to find a specific set of sheets a client of mine had that were soft silky and comfy. Well they didn't have them. In fact finding a king sheet set anywhere was rough. I grabbed some shams and a set of sheets  and checked out very fast. The checkout lady was really sweet. However there really wasn't anyone else around to help me find anything. The sheets I bought suck and I would be more comfortable laying on a bare mattress.Open up a little! Offer some organization and breathing room. I would have returned the sheets, but would have had to pop a Xanax first to walk back in there!
3	Good ol' annas linens. This location is very tiny, and in agreeing to the previous post, gives a very confined feel. I didn't have any issues locating my needed items, or their prices, but I do think clearer walk through should be introduced. It is very cluttered and the aisles are very narrowed and over stocked. The prices for the items are great, and they have a lot of mix and matchable themes.
3	Convenient location but I have found that the thread count is too low on many of their products.  This place is jam packed from floor to almost ceiling with just about all sorts of linens you could want. I love the sales here as well.
4	I like this place a lot.  They had a few items here for very reasonable prices that were actually pretty cute.  I found shower curtains here for $10 that were extremely adorable, would have been $30 at another store for the same item.  I found window treatments for my kitchen that I couldn't find anywhere else for the same reasonable price.The staff was nice and friendly too.  They have a very wide selection of items.  I'd recommend this place to others to take a peek at for sure.
5	I want to thank the wonderful employees of this store.  Michelle called around and found just what I wanted .  She said it would be 1 to 2 weeks before it would arrive,   much to my surprise Chris call me 2 days after and told me it was there and I could pick it up.  Such great customer service.
