3	Taking up residence where Mandalay Noodle World used to be, Betito's serves up quick, cheap Mexican eats similar to Los Favoritos or Filibertos.  They have a good selection of breakfast items, both plated and wrapped.  We had a bean, cheese, and egg burro ($4) and some huevos Mexicanos.  The huevos Mexicanos were pretty good, and consisted of eggs scrambled with fried veggies and cheese.  It came with a side of beans and rice as well.  The bean/cheese/egg burro was very filling, a large size, and also tasted pretty good.  I also tried some horchata, which was refreshing, but very sweet.  I'd definitely like to try some non-breakfast items next time.In addition to the bright red salsa they include in your order, there is a salsa bar which includes a green and chunkier red salsa, as well as radishes, carrots, and jalapenos.One thing to note: They do not accept credit card yet, and the only A/C available in the restaurant is overhead ceiling fans, which is a deterrent to any that want to eat their food in the restaurant in the summer.
3	I live near here, and was curious when it took over the building vacated by Mandalay Noodle World. I've stopped in twice- the food is very similar to what you find at Filiberto's, and the dining layout is almost identical to a couple of the largest Filly-b's locations. I've had a Chicken Quesdilla, a Cheese Enchilada and a Carne Asada Burrito. All three were C+ dishes, which is all you can really ask of most Mexican food. I like that it's nearby and open late. I'll definitely be back.
4	Mega better than the T**o B**L right around the corner. And as opposed to the chain "Mexican" place around the corner this place was not at all crowded. Really people how can small, locally owned businesses survive if everyone just acts like cattle or sheep and flocks to those crappy chains that do not even have meat in their meat (look it up on Google). Very big portions, not incredibly tasty (hence the 4 not 5 stars), but good tasting. A person can get filled up on $5.00 and the platters for $7-8.00 will leave you enough for supper. One thing I think they can improve is a condiment bar. They only had some red sauce and very hot green sauce. Maybe some Pico de Gallo or mild salsa. If you are in the area for lunch, drive the extra few feet around the corner and eat real Mexican food instead of the corporate crap!
3	Too bad about Mandalay Noodle World. Maybe if they had stressed better service and played up the Burmese aspect they would have had better luck. Who knows?Betito's moved in, and they're okay. The wife and I stopped in yesterday. I had a carne asada torta and a taco and both were about average. Their hot salsa took it up a notch though. My wife had something with diablo in the name (sorry, I'll have to look at the menu when I get home) and loved it. They do the usual menudo on weekends and the whole place is more or less along the lines of a Filiberto's--not that there's anything wrong with that. The whole bill was less that $20, so prices are good. Clean enough place, cheap, food is okay, and service is adequate. I would not go out of my way to get there, but if it is in your neighborhood it is worth a try. I'll probably stop here from time to time.
3	The band had a show in Scottsdale and we were jonesing for some late night food that wasn't Denny's.  We needed some mexican food!Betito's is a friendly little family operation serving decent dirty mexican food reminiscent of taco shops I grew up with in San Diego.  Open late, good salsas, and a tasty horchata.  Just what we needed after a mid-week rock show!
5	As an Arizonian, an avid late-night drinker and a Mexican food aficionado I believe I have a unique perspective on the competitive hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints in the Southwest. Rather than bore you with the succulent  and intimate details of the carnitas tacos combo I would ask you to suspend your idea of a yelp review for a moment as I recount the mythos behind: BETITO!I'm not sure who Betito is exactly, my girlfriend believes he is the man who works the drive-through window day and night, slaving over a cash register and hot stove to provide good, quality meals for drunks and derelicts alike. You may be thinking: Why doesn't he just ask the guy at the drive through if he is actually Betito? It's a valid question but not how I like to live my life. Instead, I enjoy speculating wildly on how Betito came to this country, acquired his recipes and built a tiny little empire. ...I suspect it all started perhaps through some type of betrayal, there was a splintering off of the Betito family and they each took a portion of an ancient Mexican food recipe book as SEED MONEY!  Betito showed them though, I like to imagine that he is the keeper of this ancient book after stamping out the rest of his family members. With the competition now eliminated Betito could now compete with the big boys... There are warring families of course: Rivas, Alibertos and the Phoenix equivalent to that gigantic new arena thing they built for the Dallas Cowboys: FILIBERTOS. dun DUN DUNNNNNNNNNNNN! I suspect Betito will defeat them all though, by sheer intellect and cunning. VIVA BETITOS!Now, Betito has some work to do, if you will consult this graph I've compiled... ... Oh! I've just learned that I cannot upload spreadsheets to a YELP review... What is this world coming to?Betitos Items that are better than Fili b's or Rivas- Carnitas Tacos- Carne Asada burrito- Patron burrito- All breakfast burritos- Enchiladas (cheese)- Arizona burritoBetitos Items that need improvement or fail to other local restaurants of similar competition.- Rolled tacos (taquitos)- Super nachos- Beef tacos- Chicken products( I understand that most of these foods may or may not be "chicken" or "beef" or whatever but I suspect it doesn't matter as you are probably drunk )- The End ???
5	They take credit cards now!Husband went there at one in the morning the other day that's always awesome.They have cream cheese stuffed churros. Yep that's right. It's not overflowing with cream cheese just subtle and it is awesome.Last night I had carnitas tacos, guacamole and pico de gallo were already in there, really good. Excited to have an excuse to go get food from here again.So far from what I've tried it's my preferred late night Mexican. Going to have to get a few more things to confirm.
5	Really great taco shop- I like this place and Los Favs equally. Food is not greasy at all, very reasonable, a huge selection and more combinations available than you would normally find at a taco shop. I eat here at least once a week. The staff is friendly, they have a salsa bar complete with free hot carrots and peppers. They have these little red hot sauce containers, a deep red, and green- they are all yummy! I have liked everything I have gotten here. Amazing breakfast burritos, carne asada, chimis, etc... My favorite thing about Betito's or Bepito's are their tortillas! YUM- They are so fresh- and delicious. Oh and not to sound lazy, but they have a drive-thru! :-) Try it!
5	Good cheap Mexican food. Adobada burrito was great, spicy, and big. Green salsa at the salsa bar was also excellent.
3	food was good, they have the hottest salsa I have ever had at a restaurant (which still tasted awesome) their prices were reasonable as well. the service could be a little better, and in this day and age charging for soda refills seems a little unreasonable to me.
4	Awesome food. 1$ tacos m,tu,w are great, 3 tacos and a carne asada fry is a filling meal for  2.
3	Out of business at this location.
4	Loved coming here for their breakfast burritos - perfect ratio of eggs to other ingredients. Stopped by for lunch and there's an eviction notice on their door. Come back!!!
