1	Things weren't great from the beginning. I was in a tight spot with a deadline and they had what I needed in stock but the price was really high.  It didn't take long for them to become dismissive, out right lie about order shipments and blow me off after the lie was found out. I placed an order on Monday told them it was time sensitive it was shipped ground  and not until Tuesday. I was also told that my whole order had shipped. One box came from Phoenix, one from California and half of the order was back ordered and that wasn't told me until 4 days after I placed my order. I would rather a company be honest and upfront about availability then lie to me. I will not use them again. I actually tried several times to find out what was going on and was only ever transferred to voice mails and never got a call back.
1	This company is a total joke.  I try to run a law office using their printer.  The printer is a constant problem, and their support is not afraid to be rude to you because their stuff doesn't work.  Not impressed with this company and will be dropping them when the contract is up no question about it.
5	I want to upgrade my rating on this company.  I am going to give them a WOO-HOO and hope it continues.  They have gone out of their way to address our concerns, and I want to thank the manager Adam Pritchett for personally reaching out to us and making this happen.  In the business world, (as in the legal world), it is the little things that matter the most and take you the furthest.  Thanks to Adam and the rest of the team who made sure we were happy and running on all cylinders here.  It means a ton to us.  Steve and Lisa
1	As part of our maintenance agreement we are supposed to get next day toner.  I ordered it on Tuesday.  It still isn't here.  I have had to turn down four print jobs so far.  Calls to the office are met with un-returned voice mails and/or an apathetic receptionist.
3	After posting a negative review on Yelp, the company did send a representative with toner and instructions to just call him next time.  Otherwise my toner would still not got here until Tuesday.  I feel a little better, but as a process oriented person I'd much rather have a process that works then have to circumvent it to get to the right person.  They should take ownership, imo.
