5	This location was the best one in Vegas. They had a lot of available goods especially leather goods. I have been in search of the reversible leather belt for years and could never find it in the color that I wanted. FINALLY, I found it at this location. I picked out the black/brown belt and the very friendly staff asked me if I wanted the silver or gold H and I ended up taking the gold H. I was in a bit of a hurry so I can see why they did not offer to punch any more holes into the belt for me but the next day when I tried it on with a much smaller dress, it was a little too big. I ended up going back to have them punch an extra hole in it (I bought the belt for my waist). The staff was really friendly and did not make me feel like shit (like most sales associates in those type of stores attempt to do regardless of who you are). Definitely a great place to shop. They uphold the standards of Hermes.
5	The store as a whole is fine! There is a wide range of selection, thus, I personally think that the H store in Crystal has more stocks than Encore store. However, a huge bonus point for Hermes Encore is that the staff is very nice! Usually the sale associates at other H boutiques are cocky, mean and rude - according to my own experience -especially to Asian people (I thought as Chinese resellers usually buy a lot of H bags and resell them for profit, hence, degrading the H brand, as a result, Hermes sale associates tend to discriminate all Asian-looking people). However, this store is different! Once arriving at Hermes Encore, I (Asian, weird accent) was warmly welcomed by a nice, gentle staff named Erik. Erik showed me around the women section and took several items off the shelves for me to try on, nicely and patiently. Later, I asked for the "legendary" Birkin or a Kelly and he said politely that there was no Birkin/Kelly currently in stock but was willing to put me on a wait-list (He also asked me which colors and sizes that I am interested in) We had some short conversations and Erik has been nice and polite for the whole time. Eventually I came out of the store with an orange Hermes Herbag and a man T shirt. Overall, I had a happy, comfortable feeling after visiting the Hermes store in Encore. I came back to Boston on that Sunday (as I have to work on Monday) ; for the matter of fact, in the near future, I definitely will visit the store again when traveling to Vegas.
5	I know that many Hermes boutiques get bad marks for snobbishness but I received wonderful service at this particular location.  D.J., the sales associate to assisted me, was polite, accommodating, and friendly.  This store boasted a good selection of beautiful leather goods and silks.  When I return to Vegas, I hope to work with D.J. again.
5	Absolutely loved my experience here. Erik was amazingly friendly and helpful. He was there for me from start to finish and was ever so patient with my all questions. My sister and I were there for roughly an hour and I left with a herbag and a pocket scarf. Erik was extremely instrumental in my experience and I couldn't have done it without him. He made suggestions, showed me options, and most importantly he was honest.  Another associate (Ray?) was also very sweet and kind. She assembled my herbag for me and tied my pocket scarf on so perfectly. Overall, I love my purchases! No complaints.
5	We didn't buy anything, but my wife had a great time here browsing.Our sales lady, Rae, was very patient and attentive, and helped my wife see a lot of merchandizes she's interested in. I think my wife enjoyed her time in the store. When she does decide to buy a Hermes bag in the future, I think we'll be back.
5	Great store. Best customer service ever at Hermes. My experience could not have been better. Thank you so much.
5	1st class!!  All other Hermes stores were just snobby and they look at you up and down.  Thats why I decided to buy H buckle and belt there. The staff was very friendly and helpful!!
5	My mother was taken with a gorgeous bracelet on display in the window, so in we went to inquire about it. We looked kinda shlub-by (jeans, I just arrived from a red-eye and, well, let's just say it wasn't a pretty picture!) and I wondered how we would be received in this posh-posh small boutique store in the Encore. I was SO impressed! The staff were amazingly nice to us! I wish I remembered the name of the sales guy who helped us, as we checked out the bracelets and toured the store. He was helpful and friendly but not hovering or pushy. We were very comfortable in the store and the staff played a big part in our feeling comfortable.I later told my father about the bracelet in question and he surreptitiously returned to this store to buy it for my mother, as a "surprise" gift! This is a class-act store with down-to-earth sales folks. We will be back.
