4	Yah, I am a fan of the pasta.  Currently only have pasta, soup and salad on the lunch menu, not sure about dinner since stopped for lunch.This is really an old bar that the owner is trying to make an Italian restaurant.  Only con is that it is a smoking establishment and we smelled like smoke when leaving due to someone smoking while we were there.  Have 4 TV's over the bar and had a couple of large take out orders when we were there.Had the Rigatoni con Salsiccia with homemade sauce.  The sausage and sauce were delicious with the sauce being tasty and thick.  The staff was friendly and very responsive.  The Chef/owner (Scott)  came out when we were leaving to see how everything was...he plans on adding Panini.
4	This used to be Carhops and they had some good bar food.  I was sad to see it go...  but the amazing italian food that replaced it erased my sad.   The bad news is that part of the Carhops bar feel hasn't gone away.  This place is bar on one side and small restaurant on the other.  The restaurant part seems a little fancy for the fact that it's next to a bar but...  who cares?  When we were there there was a band playing and it made dinner conversation difficult.  The chef (who I believe is the owner as well) told us that he is installing doors between the bar and the dining room so that the noise level will be greatly reduced.  That sounded like a great idea to me.  The place has not been around long and is still working out kinks.  The food!  Oh my the food.  We had the fried fresh mozzarella and the calamari to start.  Both were incredible.  The marinara was delicious.  Wine imported from Sicily that you can't buy elsewhere.  Alfredo...  my god the best I've ever had.  I will be back...  to see if this enthusiastic chef has worked out the kinks in the ambiance so that it matches the incredible food he puts in front of you.  And to see if they have cannoli ...  I really hope they do.
5	We keep going back! My husband is addicted to the food. Scott (The cook) is always accommodating to my husbands special need for spices. We love the people there and the awesome karaoke!!! You can hula hoop while you sing!They do have live bands once in while. Wish there was a parking lot but we never have a problem parking on west liberty :). Be sure to stop in and you'll probably see me or my husband sitting at the bar eating/drinking/singing
5	Looks can be deceiving.  Awesome food.
2	Food was alright but the service was not that good and they were out of a lot of stuff at the bar. they were out of cranberry juice when my bf and i went in at 7 pm. Asked for no cheese on the pasta and got cheese on top then the owners wife, who was waiting on us, proceeded to say that it's an Italian restaurant and all Italian sauce has cheese.
1	Pros: The food. As the majority have already said, the food is pretty damn good. Ordered the Saltimbocca and Pollo della Chef. Both cooked fresh from scratch and very satisfying.. Cons: Everything else. - Walked in on a Saturday night after 6 and the place was empty (perhaps this was a sign), as in no staff to be found anywhere either. We eventually wandered into the 'dining room' from the bar to find someone and get seated after standing around for a few minutes with no sign of anyone. - Salads were DRENCHED in dressing - I'd strongly suggest ordering it on the side.- Random guy behind the counter cooking (for the staff it seemed) cursing up a storm about the 'cheesy sh*t" he was making. Sounded half-baked. I will say he didn't bother me at all as I thought he was hilarious entertainment, but I would imagine he would offend about 95% of everyone else in the world.- Staff then completely disappeared from the room after being served. Without the glass of wine we ordered. Finally re-emerged about halfway through the meal to be reminded about the wine. - Which apparently wasn't chilled/refrigerated, and to our best guess was chilled in a shaker glass as there were small bits of ice in it watering it down. - Screwed up the total on the bill, and basically just gave up on the math after a while and said something to the effect - I kid you not - 'well we're close.' Seem like really nice people, and the dude can surely cook - but there are LOTS of kinks to work out. As some have mentioned, they have to decide what they want to be. The way people are dressed.... I will just be polite and say does not quite jive with an Italian sit down restaurant. Put the Steeler gear away for one night it will be ok - especially in May.
