5	I stumbled into the Hammer last week for the first time with my lady and a friend.  It was about 2am, we had been out all evening, and it was time to grub and have a few last drinks.  Apparently, this spot JUST opened up, but it was going off.  What a cool crowd, including the owner who was very accommodating.We had drinks at the bar, chicken fingers, wings, fries, and one of the best Philly cheesesteak sandwiches I have ever tasted, including the ones I had in Philadelphia.Since the place is new, it is clean and fresh looking.  Nice polished concrete floors, a new pool table, a handful of large flat screen televisions, and my personal favorite, the internet jukebox.  Video poker machines are on the way because they had signs on the bar in the future machine locations.I would normally drop a star because the place is a little out of the way, but I had such a good time that the stars remain in tact.  Besides, this bar isn't trying to be anything more than it is...a low-key neighborhood hangout that happens to draw a crowd from other parts of the city.  A great hangout, not a club.  However, there was no shortage of people getting down the night we were there.  Good stuff.
5	This place is legit. Had a great experience while visiting from pa and I must agree about cheesesteaks, and i have tried all the Philly spots. Good prices and great food/beer.
2	There are dive bars and there are dive bars. This one seems to be in the middle of nowhere. It's easy to find if you're driving west on Russell; there's a huge sign on the side of the building facing you that says, "The Hammer." Driving eastbound, I totally missed it and had to turn around.When I walked in, the place was completely empty. The bartender and some other employee were shooting pool. I'm not sure what kind of crowd this place attracts, but they weren't there last night.Thankfully, my cousins arrived shortly after. We had one round of drinks and left. The only reason we went there is because one of my cousins knows the bartender. She seemed cool at first, but got annoying after a while. There's a fine line between playfully jabbing and being abrasive. It may just be because she knows my cousin so well.In any case, this place just isn't my bag... baby.p.s. Obviously this place is NOT closed.
4	I went here last night because a friend of mine is an avid fan and regular.  That might have played a part in the bartender handing me a beer about 8 seconds after I walked in the door without having to even order it.  Pretty sweet to start off with.  I was told that the food is amazing but I had just stuffed my face at Slidin' Thru HQ so I didn't get to try it out.  Next time!  There are about 10 or so beers on tap and the liquor looks to be pretty well stocked.  This place is a pretty sweet bar and there's even a big back room for Karaoke.  It wasn't too packed and as a result the bartender was playing pool but immediately stopped when he saw my beer was empty.  He came of to refill it and back to his game.
5	I have a friend who works in the are and this is one of the places her crew frequents on Friday nights after a long work week. It's my favorite place to hang. It's low-key. The prices are reasonable and the food is fantastic. The staff is friendly and the crowd is decent. If you are looking for a clubby environment I wouldn't bother but if you're looking for a nice chill local hang this is definitely the place.
4	A friend of mine is a regular here and I make it to the hammer maybe once a month.  For a small bar, it has all you can ask for.  Reasonable drink prices, GREAT food, and friendly staff.  They have a DJ play music on some nights if that's your thing.  Dart board, pool table, and bar top gaming is available.  It's a place I love to end up at the end of the night, or start the night, or be at all night.  Great local bar.
4	This is a dive bar!  But it has a friendly homey feel to it.   The food here is cheap but very, very good.  Try the Chicken Nachos you won't be dissappointed.  Another favorite is the Shrimp Po' Boy.  The drinks are cheap and the staff is fun and friendly.My friends usually start here before we head out for the night.  The place is a bit hard to find if you don't know where to look but definitely worth a visit.
1	I am VERY disappointed in this plac. First of all, the service was TERRIBLE. I mean HORRENDOUS! It took forever to get greeted and get our food. Our server was super nasty to us. When the check came and I showed them a groupon we bought (it said you could use it from your phone, not required to print) and the server said she couldn't accept it and the restaurant had no way of accepting it. When she went to get a manager, the manager said the same thing. I told them I bought it already and that they needed to accept it. We were in Vegas and are not from there so there was no way to come back later to use it. The manager finally said they would take off only the amount that I paid, not what the groupon was worth (it wasn't expired either!). I argued and they finally took off the amount of the Groupon. I am really disappointed in this place. We will NEVER go back (we are in Vegas very often for work).
3	Would be 4 stars if they didn't allow smoking. My clothes still smell bad.
4	A great meet up spot!!K, so, I was pretty tipsy last time I was in The Hammer, so my review will be short and based on the good time I was told I had.Drinks were good, prices low, food salty and the crowd was a blast.We put a ton of songs on the juke box, everyone was buying each other drinks and a strangers check to make sure that my stumbling rear had a ride home (I did).Great times, looking forward to stopping in on the midnight shift again soon!!
5	Good food, cheap drinks, and big buck hunter. Need I say more? Well, ok then. Staff is friendly and this is a great place to escape the strip.
4	GREAT BEER SELECTION!!They have really cleaned this place up.It is still in progress, but everything has been overhauled, even the customer service is better.Get the Beer From Around The World Card and track what you've been drinking... and earn a free beer.I hear the kitchen just reopened, so I will be in for food and a fresh review really soon.
3	I expected a dump and was pleasantly surprised with how Home Depot fresh much of the stuff was inside.Drinks were a great deal ($2 beers, $1.50 sodas) and food is moderately priced but surprisingly good for bar food.  The one bartender was very sweet and she worked FAST!  They have a decent amount of TV's and a separate rooms just for darts and pool.I would pick several over bars over Hammer & Ales, but it's friendly staff, fair pricing and quick access to the I-15 would make me return.
5	This place rocks! Came in here about a week ago with a restaurant.com certificate. The staff were super friendly and welcoming. Brock is awesome! We were surprised at the awesome beer selection! The chefs menu sounded amazing but I ended up getting their burger and onion rings instead. Delicious! My boyfriend got the grilled cheese and he loved it. We have officially dubbed Hammer & Ales "Our New Spot". Thanks for the great service!
5	Excellent dive bar with shockingly good food. Came here for dinner because the food has good reviews. Was surprised to find a nice, clean dive-style bar with a great atmosphere. Lots of beers on tap. The food was standard pub fare in terms of options, but the quality was exceptionally impressive. The service was excellent. I will definitely come again!
5	Great beer selection - food was better than I remembered
2	Dive bar...you betcha.  Cafe lights string on the ceiling and their 24 beers... well it seemed like they were out of half of them.  Not good for a holiday weekend.  No food was being served but we were offered BBQ that was sitting out for an event they just had.  Really was expecting more  we'll see how much better they are after they go on the air Sept 8th.
5	Awesome! Beer taps are quality, seating comfy and great vibe. This is vegas building culture.
1	Since we saw this place on Bar Rescue a group of us decided to check it out after a Wranglers game to catch a few drinks and dinner.  The first couple in our group to arrive was advised that they don't have a cook on Sundays.  Are you kidding me?  It is football season and every bar in town, except this place, is packed on Sundays.  This place is owned by two chefs so there is no excuse for there to not be a cook there.  What a joke of a business.  Sorry to see that being on Bar Rescue is not going to be enough to rescue this place.
1	Worst bar ever- bar tender had a attitude the whole time & talk shit about the bar that he worked at and the place smelt like the sewer  never coming back (Paul and Bradley)
2	I came here after CMYE with my roommate Roy E too keep the party going and the drinks flowing. I am fan of Bar Rescue show been too two other bars that been on the show. Unfortunately for Hammer & Ales felt like this bar is my least favorite Rescue out of the three I been too first hand. Not that it was all bad the things that did stand out for me was like outside of the building with the art work and like the well lit sign that can see from the road. It located in industry area one that only business other then strip club down the road open at night. So make sure look for the sign or else drive right by it. I like all the widescreen televisions that inside the bar couple of them nice size and perfect chill watch sports (last night case primetime Olympic coverage) drink beers talk stories with friends. They have separate room that has a pool table and dart board. Not sure if they do the world beer stamp card from the show. I like the chalkboard world map on the wall. The bartender she was friendly, on it came too our beers ask us before close too empty, and she has this positive upbeat energy vibe. Really in the end Hammer & Ales still dive bar for me. As for Dive bars nothing that really stood out for me thankfully bartender and hanging out with roommate made the most of first time visit. I know they serve food but after the food coma was in from CMYE last thing on my mind so never asked the bartender for the menu, She never asked us if wanted one. They do have nice selection of beers on tap too choose from although last night felt like looking at the taps few that was out.  The area is not exactly the most safe area and coming out of the bar feel like looking over my shoulder something bad going too happen. Really in the bar if not gambling on the machines, sports fan watching games, or playing pool or darts no excitement come here too Hammer & Ales. Maybe the food but get back too you on that one. I might come back too check out the food. I think would rather stick too my normal dive bars.
2	As one of the Las Vegas bars featured on the hot Spike TV show Bar Rescue, I really had high hopes coming into experiencing this bar for the first time. Unfortunately, it seemed to me that a lot of the improvements made to the bar can be chalked up to TV magic. Sure the bar clearly went through some changes for the better, but it seemed to look a whole lot more flattering on my television screen. The bathroom was a dump. Several beers were out of stock. From the outside, the place just doesn't appear to be a bar despite the large mural painted on the outside wall by the entrance.The place is a dive bar, I get that, but there's just not much too it. The bartender was pleasant enough and was on top of refilling my glass, but she would not stop mentioning what time her shift ended. It was as though her customers were getting in between her and her freedom from working behind the bar. Other than that I did not get a chance to sample any of the food and may go back to do so and perhaps update this review.
3	I hate give three stars . . . but . . . I was expecting much / much more . . . and was extremely disappointed.  The beer was cold and inexpensive . . . but the place was lacking that dive bar appeal.It didn't help that the bartender was also the cook . . . and so she was always running to the back to check on food being prepared for patrons . . . I would have expected a separate cook . . . but maybe do to this bars location . . . it can't afford more than one person working.Sorry to say . . . this dive bar did not make my return list.
2	They have beer tap variety. They have shuffle board and pool tables which is awesome. The location is not in a popular place. I only notice it because it's on the way to where I live which is 5 minutes away,driving. I never tried the food. My experience was at 1am. It was empty and the bartender seemed agitated because the 3 of us were indecisive on what beer to drink. I only would come back here because I live near by.
4	so yes its kinda shady looking.My friends and I love this place, great staff. good prices and its just a chill atmosphere.even if its just me and a friend and the bartender i still feel like its not awkward place. only downside is that they tend to run out of things on the menu due to under ordering but its not the end of the world. lots of beers on tap plus a full bar and bartenders who know what they are doing!! plus there is gaming if thats something you are into.
5	The cheers of stagehands bar, I've never walked in without seeing a friendly face, and had a drink on the bar with my name on it before I hit the door. Awesome!
3	Ok so this place was on Bar Rescue so i decided to try it. Don't be fooled by the decor and how the food is presented the food is excellent. The food was poorly displayed and had me nervous but the taste was great. Drinks are inexpensive and the bar wasnt full. ill be back because the owners seemed to genuinely care that i was being served properly
3	We saw this place on Bar Rescue and wanted to check it out. My wife and I showed up about 9:30 PM. I was starving and planned on eating here. Unfortunately the bartender said the kitchen was closed because they had a slow night. I had one beer and left only because I couldn't keep drinking without getting some kind if food in my belly. Next time in Vegas I will definitely give this place another shot. And maybe more stars. The locals were extremely friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked in. The bartender was also very friendly. Wish I could have experienced the food.
4	Yes, I went there because of Bar Rescue. Beer was good, selection was great. The Stout was tasty. Bartender was friendly, attentive. Comp'ed the first round because I through a 20 into the poker machine. More women than men hanging out there.All in all a nice, clean place to grab a drink and get away from the over the top vegas life and get more local.
4	Went there after seeing them on Bar Rescue. It is still divey but the bartender was fantastic. The food was top notch.
4	One of the best dive bars in Vegas. 20 craft beers on tap and the bar food is fantastic. Sports always on the 4 TV's at the bar (it's a small place). Only drawbacks are it is very dark and the music playing is usually too loud and mostly sucks (you don't play dance music in a dive bar!).P. S.  The craft beers are $3 a pint! Where else in Vegas!
4	Nice little spot with a coin-op pool table.
