5	Their location is great parking is awesome cause you can park in their lot or , Excalibur, Luxor or Mandalay Bay casinos, since the train takes you there in less than 10 minutes, the restrooms are always impeccable,  I guess the only downside of this place is their food court, is not enough to help the thousands of visitors at peak hours
5	I have been at this convention center for a convention a total of 8 times ( 7 with one company) and let me tell you, that take great care of us. The staff go above and beyond to get whatever we needed. I have had the pleasure of working with most of them for my past 7 tradeshows and I look forward to working with them in the future.
5	Came here for Photoshop world for the 1st time, loved it and the location. Beautiful convention center!
4	What an amazing convention center!!!!PERKS+ Ample parking+ Bus routes available for those attending the convention center+ Taxis and limos available outside as well+ Friendly employees to assist you to the right direction+ Bathrooms are kept clean!DIRTS- Overpriced food at the food-court- Need more seating area for those hanging around the convention center- Be prepared for lots of walking! (Bring comfy shoes!)- Taxi and limo drivers can be kinda reckless!FYI =* Nearby hotels: You can stay either at Excalibur, Luxor or Mandalay Bay* Tram from Excalibur & Luxor connects to Mandalay Bay so you can just walk towards the convention center (~10-15 minutes travel time)* Wedding chapel and Shark reef attraction is in the same area as the convention center* Border Grill is walking distance towards the casino if you're looking for a better bite to eat than at the food court!
2	I was not impressed with this convention center at all. I was there for a 10,000 or so person convention. There is no where near enough food to feed the people that fit in this building. The lines for the over priced bland food were so long! I do not want to spend my convention time standing in line for food. The layout to get to the different rooms is weird. There are two seperate areas for the convention which includes lots of walking to get from one to another. Its nice that it connects to the hotel, but its way at the end of the strip for people staying in other hotels. Would not recommend.
3	I have been coming here annually for a convention held in January for the last 5-6 years.  Our convention is medium-sized - several hundred exhibitors and several thousand visitors (or so we're told) - so we don't use the entire space, just several of the halls.  There are plenty of bathroom facilities and they are always well-staffed during the convention.  We have classes in the upper levels and the layout of those rooms are a little confusing.  One big problem I've had is the cell phone and 3G connection (and even wifi).  In the upper levels there are dead zones in several of the rooms.  Must stand next to the windows to make a call.  Other than that a pleasant space for people who insist on having conventions in Las Vegas.
4	This place is massive... just massive.  Was there for Autodesk U and the service staff and set up were all quite good
4	I've been to the Mandalay Convention Center many times as an exhibitor or attendee - mostly for computer related conventions. I would say this for me is the "average" Convention Center - as its part of a hotel structure - and not a completely separate entity. For the smaller shows, there are various banquet halls, which are partitioned off with fabric lined aluminum doors. For the larger shows, where it can take up the entire south hall - yes, the space is quite large, talking over several hundred thousand square feet. The most recent tradeshow I attended took up both North, and South Halls, along with several banquet halls. It's one hell of a show where that much space can be rented out. The catering staff (that wear the Mandalay Bay uniforms) make quick work to ensure that there is massive amounts of premium drip coffee in the reserves, along with assortments premium cookies, chips, fruits, and sodas. One thing with any tradeshow is there has to be plenty of coffee.With regards to food - I would give it 2 stars. The food court has food similar to a regular shopping mall - usually stuff that shouldn't be eaten at on a regular basis, such as pizza, tacos, burgers, barbeque, stuff that is supposed to resemble salad, American Chinese Food.Basically food that is pre-processed and replicated with fat, sodium, then frozen, nuked, and kept warmed for your convenience.  Oh, it costs a lot of money, and expect to be standing for a while to get your food. The food court is quite a walk for some away from the Convention Center, almost ten minutes of a brisk walk for busy shows, and considering how far it is, I would suggest walking a few minutes further into the shopping area of the Mandalay Bay. There's a small Mexican grill, the Border Grill, which I would recommend looking at to try to get away from the Convention Attendees or staffers.
4	I've been to this convention center many times - both as an exhibitor and as an attendee.  I have to say, as a hotel convention center they provide all the basics.  There's small food court outside, there's a Starbucks in the walkway to/from the Mandalay itself.. and a couple restaurants in the walkway as well.  Convention center south has three floors of space.. perfect for exhibits and educational sessions, and meetings, etc.  Other than that there isn't much else to say - its a Convention Center!
4	Nice convention space in a nice hotel, any reason to take a trip to Vegas is a good reason and being at the Mandalay Bay makes it even better.
4	Great place for conventions
5	Here for the ufc expo. Great experience very clean, and professional.
4	We visited this convention center as an attendee had a great time. Restrooms were clean; however the food and snacks were a rip off (like any other convention places). I think we paid $10 for a bottle water and juice. Bring your own!If you're taking a cab from Encore, ask the driver to take Koval Lane. It'll save you time and cab fare.
4	3.5 actually. It's a lot nicer than most hotel convention centers. The ceiling and floors are actually finished and security is not so uptight like the Las Vegas Sands convention center. I love Mandalay but finish your food court already!!! It's been months and the border grill is not cutting it!!! To eat a meal on your break here is nearly impossible and annoying. Bathrooms are usually pretty well kept and stocked. Overall I'd prefer to come here than most of the come here over any other convention center in Vegas.
3	This is a pretty nice convention center...when it comes to the convention centers that are about as common here in Vegas as the slot machines. The decor and facilities are always top notch. But as a "Frequent Attender" I find my feet hurting from the walk it takes to get tot he center, even when staying at the hotel here. I would also love to see a few more readily accessible eating options within walking distance. Yes, within a 5-10min walk you can get to the many restaurants at the Mandalay bay...but there is no fast food type option...only sit down type places...and high end sit down at that. Nothing you can really grab on a lunch break.But...when my "dogs stop barking" I am a little less cranky...so  guess the $12 sandwich at the snack bar will get me thru.
5	Favorite place to expo in Vegas. Easy in, Easy out for vendors and not a 12 mile hike to the convention floor.
3	I would give more stars, but the food was quite horrible. The accommodations were nice (although the signage could use some work) and it looks like they may have renovated recently. I did appreciate that it was connected to my hotel, so it made getting there in the morning easier.
3	Everything was good until checkout.  Terrible service, very disorganized.  The rooms were nice but the AC was inaccurate.  I don't really like having psychological games played with me when it's hot out and I rely on the AC in my hotel room.  Overall I had a good stay but those two things turned what would have been a 4 or 5 star into a 3.
5	I have been to many conventions in many different cities. I must tell you that the Mandalay Bay Convention Center is among the finest that I have been to. A couple of reasons why, the facility is immaculate, the staff are nice and informed (I can't tell you how many places the staff doesn't know what's going on), The food was great and it was so well run there were no line, and events started spot on time (I can't tell you how many events I have been to in Las Vegas that do not, only not start on time but it's five min past start time and they are just figuring out how to do registration. Hats off to Mandalay Bay for running a top drawer organization. You should consider having your event here!  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I can't say there was anything I didn't like about the convention center, but I can't say that it's better or worse than any of the others I've seen on the Strip.  4 stars seems about right.Things I like:1) Convenient location within the Casino.2) Lots of desks to check-in! (I've seen some where there are only two people available to check people into a huge conference - this one had about 10 staff members checking people in).3) They took care of my special dietary needs and were super helpful about it as well.  I went there for Sage Summit just last week, and it was great.  So, I know that the Sage Summit staff can share the credit on this, but the Mandalay Bay staff were also involved in making sure that my food didn't kill me (food allergies).4)  Coffee was DELICIOUS!What I didn't like:1) WiFi could've been more reliable.  That was frustrating, especially at a professional conference for business people.  The Sage Summit had their own Wifi that wasn't much better, but the Mandalay Bay Convention Center Wifi wasn't fast either.2) The coffee carts kept disappearing.  Keep those things around 24-7!  People need their caffeine!
1	Headed to the Mandalay Bay pool today. Tried to park in the lot by the Shark Reef, due to the Magic Convention there was VERY limited parking. I am ok with that BUT the "special event staff" directing traffic was rude and unhelpful they kept sending me in a big circle no parking spots when I stopped to ask where I could park I was told to just keep driving!! Wow...I am not sure I would recommend this place for a convention because customer service starts IN THE PARKING LOT.
3	Not the best venue to go to in Las Vegas for a convention.I am not saying that Mandalay Bay Convention Center is bad.  Just that every other venue I have been to in Vegas is better.  From the facilities to the staff to everything in between, they  are a notch below the competition.That's all folks.
3	I've only been to about 4 convention centers in my life, so I don't know how much my input can be taken.I thought that it was just ok.  The rooms were designed great, but the setup and acoustics were awful.  The sound folks really didn't know what they were doing and the video folks were fumbling around trying to get the powerpoints loaded.On top of that, there were 8000 attendees all yelling for water, and the most Mandalay could do was bring water coolers out in the hall ways with 6...yes 6oz cups for people.  What did they think we were going to do? sip the 6oz cups? or maybe keep disturbing the speakers as we got up to refill 6oz over and over?  huge fail.Food Catering from them was good during our lunch event.
4	We stayed here during labor day weekend. Got a corner room with 2 double beds on the 8th floor.Room was spacious. Still looked a bit old even though they said it was renovated.
