4	Loved my pedicure here! They took they time and I didn't feel rushed like I sometimes do at other salons. Polish and heels came out beautiful! I will definitely be going back to this salon.
5	I love getting my eyebrows waxed here. Jeannie does an amazing job, and takes her time with you even when they are busy outside doing nails. I wouldn't go with anyone else besides her.
5	Great place! Johnny gave me the best pedi took his time. Jennie did my eye brows. Wonderful, the best in maricopa!
3	First time at this salon since moving to Maricopa. I decided to try it based on the other great reviews I've read. In my own experience it was not the best but not the worst. I went in for a gel manicure and regular pedicure. Both techs took a great amount of time in shaping my nail on toes and fingers and getting everything prepped and looking good. Big plus. That was awesome. My pedicure is cute. Love the color and looks good no messes or anything that shouldn't be there. My gel manicure is where my 3 stars comes into play. I wanted to do a nude color with an accent glitter ring finger. I showed her what I wanted and she said ok. In the middle of cleaning my nails she asks if I wanted to do the OPI color for gel? I was confused and asked what she meant. I said yes because I thought that's what they had shown me of the samples of polishes I picked from. The color I got was not a nude color or anything close to what I originally chose.  It was a super transparent glitter pink color instead. I told her that's not what I wanted and it's too see-through. She said I'll do two coats and it'll be okay...it wasn't okay. I ended up getting an all glitter pink gel manicure that I didn't want and explained I didn't want. Luckily I like what I have right now but it's not what I explained I wanted. If probably go back for just a pedicure but not for gel manicure or any type of designs.
5	I have been getting gel manicures, pedicures, and brow waxing done here for several months now and they always do a great job!  Jeannie is the best for waxing and nails...takes her time and does it right.  Queenie does the most amazing artwork for my pedicures!  I have tried all the salons in Maricopa and this one is the best!
5	Very friendly, did a great job took their time to make sure everything was done right. I will definitely go back
2	I spend quite a bit of time gallivanting through the entire valley since my relocation to the desert so I've been on a one woman quest to find an affordable and pleasant nail experience. My pedicure here was very nice with a massage, hot stone, vibrating massage (er, once I got over that bit of awkwardness as the massage wand was a bit unexpected). The results were pretty, but not earth shattering. However, my manicure was one of the worst ones I have ever received. Even without touching anything and sitting patiently for my nails to dry (as they do not have the snazzy light bar to quick dry), my manicure is all bubbly and splotchy. I am not skilled with the nail art at all, but I could have done better myself at home. My nails were also filed and buffed over my pants, so my jeans looked worse for the wear after the whole experience. For $35 for a manicure and pedicure, I expect more.
