4	When one wakes up with a hang over that rivals that of being hit by a Mack Truck, nothing beats driving over to Sonic Burger with your friends in the same car you passed out in the night before. Everything on their menu screams all american fast food greatness from their chili cheese tater tots to their foot long coney's to their famous limeades. And the best part? You can either go through the drive thru or opt to pull into one of their many stalls and eat in your car! Thank you Sonic for providing me with the basic nessecities of life on those never ending Saturday/Sunday mornings after a night of painting the town red.
1	NO! NO! NO! Aren't the slushes supposed to be slushy? Not here! My brother order a strawberry slush and got water with strawberry flakes and weird ass shaped ice cubes...What the hell is that?! I saw the slush machine. Where the hell did they get these ice cubes from? Oh and thanks for the taking our order of Breakfast toasters and burritos. I really enjoyed getting on the freeway and eating damn chicken burgers.
3	I am trying to avoid rating chains these days, but I felt a disturbance in the Sonic Force. As if millions of chocolate malt loving voices cried out in terror and then were suddenly silenced.For some reason, I was craving a malt. I tried my cousin's dark chocolate malt at Steak N Shake a few days ago and it just wasn't "malty" enough for my taste. So I headed down to the Sonic drive-thru today and I heard five spine-tingling words. "We no longer have malts."WHAT?I promptly put my car back in drive and left (good thing you're not sandwiched in like most drive-thrus). I wonder if this is a nationwide epidemic.In all seriousness, Sonic does serve good food. But if they no longer do malts, that's an epic fail.No malt = 2 starsFood overall = 3 stars (and their shakes and slushes are still good)
1	Been here before of course, but what ruined this experience, they didn't put our lids to our shakes on tight!  Yeaaaaa!  They went all over the stearing wheel, emergency break, stick shift ect...Ruined exerience!  Check your stuff before you drive!  Accident waiting to happen
5	Just tried the new Wholly Guacamole hotdog and WOW, best hot dog ever!!It's kind of hard to put it into words, but the combination of flavors are just spiritual...
5	Half off shakes after 8. Vanilla Cherry Malt... MMMMMM tasty. 2 bucks and change for a huge shake.
4	Being that I am the ruling figure of this establishment, I should draft a review. I dont understand the gripe with this location. I dont think that I have ever waited more than 2 cars. The food is always fresh and my only niggle it that they may be a little skint on the caramel a,d hotfudges and it may take a little polite "goading" to get results. Which isn't horrible. They make good custom drinks and they keep the kiddoes happy. Ive been here at wee hours of the morning to very late at night, and service has always been consistently good.
2	I got their cheeseburger with bacon and chili cheese tator tots. Something was realllly off with my burger. It just kept giving me a weird taste in my mouth and to this day I still haven't been able to figure out what it was. My boyfriend got the toaster though and he loved it and was absolutely raving about it. The tator tots were ok but nothing special. Overall decent experience but wouldn't come back here. We stopped in only because there are very few sonic's around where I live in California. Just not really a fan.
4	I frequent this location the most since it is closest to my house. There's always great text deals and usually they're pretty fast.  The shakes are really filling but hey if you're down with that go for it -- after 8pm they're half price!The other great thing?  Breakfast ALL DAY.  I'm in love with their burritos, and every so often I get the text for all-day 99 cent breakfast burritos.  Awesome!
5	I have to say that if I get what I want, in the expected amount of time, delivered with great service, and it is so good it keeps me coming back for more...you deserve 5 stars. Thank you Sonic for delivering one great diet cherry limeade after another!
1	I'm so sad about this experience. Sonics is rare from where I am from, so I was so excited to see it in passing. I've had it a couple of times while I was up in Northern California in school, but I remember I noted NOT to order the food. I thought maybe this was a different situation and maybe Sonics could redeem themselves. We stopped by here to grab some food and a slush. I got the watermelon slush and the chicken strips. The watermelon slush was alright; it tasted of fake fruit concentrate, but the slushes are so refreshing on a hot day. However, my styrofoam cup somehow had a hole on the bottom, which didn't mean good news for my clothes and the rental car. I was so grateful to have worn black that day. Chicken strips were dry and tasteless. Totally verifies my "never order food at Sonics" theory. Probably won't be craving this for a while, and not so sad that it's rare around my area.
4	She read the order back and did it well.  We would prefer that they make frings (onion rings mixed with fries). That would be better. They did give us mints which Rissa and Ethan were very impressed with.   Food was hot but we got one tot when it should have been a fry. Tings would be nice too. (Tots and rings)
4	Went through the drive thru. The menu is open to all breakfast to dinner stuff. Lots of specialty drinks with no alcohol :) and deserts.I got the spicy chicken sandwich on focaccia bread with tatter tots. The tots were great dipped in Ranch dressing. At first I thought the sandwich was to small for the price. But it was delicious and it filled me. My husband got the foot long Coney dog and a breakfast burrito. He says no complaints was flavorful and filling. I can tell you it had a lot of onions on one of them cause just the smell :) We will definitely be back fresh food and great.
3	I am not a big fan of there food but there slushes are the best.
3	The drive-thru at this location is open 24 hours, which is very convenient for those "midnight cravings." The food tastes great, but sometimes all the greasiness over powers everything and just makes me feel gross. I usually buy a Powerade Mountain Blast Slush or a Grape Slush to wash down some chili cheese tots, which in hindsight is totally unhealthy every way you look at it, LOL.When I'm craving something really sweet, I always get their French Toast sticks. Service here is average.
4	Super friendly staff!!We went late at night and some anonymous employee just gave us our drink because of the long wait and our small order of a cherry limeade.I like the snacks they have but make sure you ask for marinara and any extra side because drive thru doesn't put a courtesy one in there for ya.prettty good for a late night snack plus its in my neighborhood.
2	The service was very friendly. The food was terrible. Burger and fries tasted old and were cold.
5	Love the sonic blast. Doesnt matter which sonic blast you pick they all taste awesome. The slushes are awesome. Very cheap too $1.08. But the only problem is that with the slush is that it dries up after your done drinking it so it becomes all white.
2	I ordered 2 things & when I got to the window young Anna recited only one item to me to confirm my order, I corrected her, and her dead eyes locked with mine and said "oh....." Awkward pause "yeah"....... In short,  I hope she was just really stoned because if not she possessed the personality of a tube sock.  Food was good.
1	We come here all the time but lately they can't seem to get an order right!!! Why is it that I have to check my order both at the drive thru, the window and when it gets to my car it's still wrong!?!  Why do you bother confirming my order if you are just going to give me whatever you want at the window? It's like playing Russian roulette!!! Totally disappointed.
1	Triple repeated a simple 2 person order. Couldn't handle it. Why cant they make a simple ketchup & lettuce only burger? Theres pickles & onions everywhere!!!! Asked if we wanted ranch, yes please, got none.
1	Currently in line. It's 10:32pm. Got here at 10pm. Slowest service on earth. Ordered a milkshake and a sprite zero. I'm pretty sure they are milking the cow to use to make the ice cream for my shake. Avoid at all costs. I'm actually upset I have to give 1 star. There needs to be an option to give negative stars. It is now 10:40pm. I'm leaving. F this.
1	Don't ever order the Supersonic breakfast burrito unless you like a mouthful of raw white onions first thing in the morning.  What place makes a breakfast burrito without at least heating the veggies?  Disgusting.  Wasted money since I had to throw the entire thing away.
4	Pretty good service usually. And they are always open!! I love my dirty diet cokes.  The food is okay
1	I've never waited in a drive thru so long. 2 People behind us got their order first. We orders 2 shakes and 12 wings. Wings were drenched in WAY too much sauce. When we finally got our wings we were given no ranch which we asked for when we ordered. Went in to talk to them manager looked like he was high on drugs. We were given our ranch and he said that the workers should have told us there was a long wait. Nothing was given to us and no sorrys were said. Will NEVER go there again.  TERRIBLE service.
1	The service was absolutely terrible. The chicken wings didn't even look like real chicken it was purple. The workers were rude and the manager looked like he was drugged. Multiple people got there food before us. Never going there again
2	I am not a fan of this location!! So the couple times I have visited this location I have not left happy! So one of the times i ordered the fried cheesecake bite things and they brought out a cheesecake shake. when i gave it back i asked would they adjust the charge since the milkshake is more than the bites she said yes, she comes back and says oh it was only a few cents different so they didn't adjust it, I knew she way lying because i know the shakes cost way more than the bites, we ate our food then i went back to the window asked for a the manager which she really didn't want to get I told him I felt like they were being dishonest because i asked about the price difference and she told me a few cents but when I looked at the menu it was like a 2.00 differene. He then offered me some coupons instead i stated i wanted my money for the difference, he then said the lady that waited on us never brought to his attention our order was wrong. We never got an appology or anything that really rubbed me the wrong way and to top it off got back to work and i was missing the dipping sauce for my cheesecake bites. The last time i visited i ordered the double burger plain and when they brought it out she was like here is your mayo burger, i was like i didn't order a mayo burger i ordered a plain burger. Not once did we get an im sorry and we had to wait for our burgers and it almost seemed like they just wiped the mayo off put some heat on the burger and brought it back out. I think a big issue is both times our order was taken it was by a latina who i don't think understood english well because we always have to repeat our order more than once i have not been back i refuse to give my money to a buisness that has no customer service nor do they appologize for their mistakes. I may try another location but this one was closest to my job as why i frequented this one but no more! If you want sonic i advise not to go to this one find another location
1	They don't even deserve this star sadly. This is the worst location I've been to. They are always very slow and they make far too many mistakes on simple orders. There have been multiple incidences where they didn't even bother to mix the flavor into the slush just leaving bare crushed ice and syrup splotches. The worst! Never coming to this location again.
