5	First impression: Very well designed orthodontist building & friendly staff.They accommodate kids with video games, kid toys, and play disney movies on the television. The place is decorated with the Christmas theme (which makes me feel joyful) and when you step into the offices and other rooms, they display sport memorabilia in each room (which makes me feel fascinated)The staff is very welcoming & they do as much to get what you want done on the lowest possible cost. They also provide small useful things when needed. Like Chapstick, for when your lips dry up as they work around your mouth. And when your done, you can brush your teeth with already added toothpaste brushes (very interesting)The staff is very welcoming & as they work with you, good conversation is appreciated and makes me feel like my visit isn't uncomfortable.Overall, I actually enjoy coming here, its foot steps to a happier me & the staff is all for it.
3	I went in for an Invisalign consultation, everyone was wonderful and friendly, location was handy for me and it was set out spaciously. This was my 1st Invisalign consult I'd had so I didn't know much about cost yet. They quoted me almost $7000 total for the full treatment - I was told I would have to put $1800 down first for the company to make the first set of trays, wow! I sensibly took the decision to shop around a bit before comitting (even though I was offered a $500 discount if I signed the paper right there on the day) I have since visited 3 other orthodontists and None have been so expensive as here also none have required such a high down payment for the initial trays to be made. I have found a place who are doing the whole treatment for less than 2/3 of the price I was quoted here. I am writing this so that others in my position are aware and to perhaps question the cost & shop around. expensive expensive expensive!
2	Very nice, very young looking Orthodontist.  Awesome support staff, very welcoming .  Weird experience though.  Apparently they don't like providing braces because they continue to push and hard sell Invisalign even if your first words were "i'm not interested in invisalign".  I would say 5 stars for the office, staff, Orthodontist yet the push for invisalign and the insane price quote $5,900 from a living social deal with the 1200 discount on the voucher,,, for someone who has already had braces!  Currently there is a Groupon for $2400 complete treatment for Invisalign at Bella Smiles right down the same street.  If you want invisalign,,,which I don't!  also the average price for Invisalign across the country is $3,400 and wiki answers say less if you have had orthodontic care.  I guess Dr Hensen uses gold instead of plastic?
2	decent prices, but scheduling is a nightmare and billing between the two offices is unorganized.  They do not give a courtesy reminder phone call, even though your appointments are at least 6-8 weeks apart.
5	It's funny how people compare prices to things on Groupon because if you actually go to Bella smiles, they only accept slight and minor cases. Basic cosmetics, not orthodontists. So do your research before complaining about a business and comparing it to something that makes no sense. Back to the review.... I went in, had my consultation and started treatment after having a couple teeth removed on base to make room for changes. I have had nothing but good experiences and the price for my Invisalign was reasonable and similar to two other places I went, only Dr. Hansen's office was the nicest, cleanest, and most professional.  Treatment cost is based on each person and your specific treatment needs, so shopping around is good, but understand you can not compare your price to someone else's who needs different treatment.
4	My first visit/exam i say was excellent the staff was friendly, place was clean, and Dr. Hansen is real good guy...and He loves sports. I'll definitely recommend him to anyone looking to get a great smile and can talk sports.
