1	Why did we have to deal with this lady for three years? She is the worst. Best thing that happened to us was moving our of the property she managed. Now she is trying to keep the security deposit even though we met all of the requirements of the lease, and left the house in good condition with none of the bogus charges she is claiming against us being true. I am sure this is how she treats all of her clients so renter be ware. If you like someone trying to get over on you for $1450, than I totally recommend doing business with her. When we informed her of our intent to move, she turned into a very mean-spirited person. She has loud-talked both my wife and me, and hung up on us both. Her office staff is rude and condescending. Susan and Josh fit right in as her staff, as they both have been rude to me. The warranty company they used actually assaulted my wife during a service call. When my wife mentioned this to Josh, he said, "Oh, we stopped using them, but not because of his assault." Really? That's a great thing to tell someone.     The bottom line is, we always paid our rent on time, and were good tenants. Debbie is not a nice person, nor a good person to do professional business with. Even though we tried to remedy some of the problems we were having when dealing with her, she was unwilling to meet us a quarter of the way, let alone a half. How can you try and deny a security deposit to people who did everything they were supposed to, and left the place in good shape? I would avoid her at all costs if you can.
1	WORST realtor ever and EXTREMELY rude!!! I showed interest in the home, she told me I had to come make a deposit. I told her I had to see one more house and then I would come (same day). She told me never mind, that I didn't seem serious she would no longer rent the property to "someone like you"... over a 2 hour wait !!! wow. so rude, unprofessional, and I'm sure the buyers would not be happy about that...!!! oh and her assisstant susan.. hung up on me when I asked why the sudden change of heart. UNPROFESSIONAL!
1	They are horrible! We have been in our rental for a year and a half. On the few occasions we have needed something fixed, it takes up to three weeks to hear anything back. They have the WORST attitudes and are not helpful. One time, the "lady" who was supposed to set up an appointment to fix something in the house got snotty with me. Oh, and good luck actually getting someone to talk to you. Be prepared to leave voicemail after voicemail.I cannot wait to move out and never deal with the Primack team again.
1	All other ratings are right on-Too bad I can't give minus stars!! Thank God only there with the primack team ( A losing team) one year.I haveleased three places in last 12 years. One took 10$ and another I got full securitydeposit back.The primack team took $750 for items such as cigaretts in backFire pit  and me and my wife don't smoke.We are shower people and never used 2nd bathroom tub and in this 15 year old house they said we were responsiblefor TUB SPOUT (How do you break a tub spout?).I could go on so I called Debbieto talk to her she said send e-mail and NO REPLY.I called her up said she will returncall in 20 minutes NO REPLY.I called office and talked to Susan and told her to get Debbie to return call NO REPLY.After a few days I called Susan back to see if she passed on the message she got real quiet and said she did.Please don't deal withher or you will be writing a similar review.A WORD TO THE WISE!
