3	Once again, you cant beat Papa Johns pizza, especially when they are on sale. Quick online ordering & quick (usually) delivery. Pizza always arrives hot, as I ordered it, and tasty.
1	This location is the worst ever!!! I ordered a large 3 topping pizza with extra cheese as one of the toppings and when I got to the store to pick it up the cheese didn't even cover the dough in the center of the pizza, how is that extra cheese.  I asked them to add more cheese so they remade the whole pizza and again I could see dough in the center of the pizza.  I sooooo would not recommend this location. A few days prior I ordered from the one on Sunset and Pecos and my pizza was ooozing with cheese at least a 1/2" thick so obviously I expected consistency as this is a chain.  The employees at the Nellis location barely spoke English and are definitely not about good customer service or customer satisfaction, I will never go back there again.
2	As for the service itself, I usually order take out and never had a problem with them but it's their pizza that I have a problem with. I don't know what they do differently but for whatever reason, their pizzas are super oily. Just oily and soggy to the point where you cant even pick up a slice without everything just falling off and you being left with just a piece of soggy crust. Even though I'm lactose intolerant, I can eat a few slices of pretty much any other pizza without suffering any consequences but if I eat just two slices of Papa John's, I'll be bedridden for the next 12 hours. Within' this block, there's literally 5 other places to get pizza and this is definitely on the bottom of my list.
1	I love Papa John's pizza. Not being from New York or Chicago, aside from mom and pop places, the franchise places are all we have. Out of em all, I am partial to Papa John's.This particular one, leaves a bad taste whenever I go. I would say I was a regular until the problems started.I'll list two.Knowing how long orders take, I call before leaving work to this location to place my take out/pick up order.I arrive about five minutes after my given estimate time and let the staff know about my order.They say I never called.I show them my phone and my call duration with their specified store phone number yet still.. No order for me.So I leave, of course.. Upset..Incident number two.I try my luck a couple weeks later to see if I get better service.I call before leaving work again for a take out.They answer, "thank you for choosing Papa John's, would you like to try our special of any large any topig pizza for 11.00?"I say yes and ask for a meat lovers and an order of wings.The order turns out to be 28.00.I find it weird that my wings would cost over $15 bucks, so I call back to confirm my order.Speak to the same person who took my order and told him my dilemma.With a sigh he asks if I have a coupon for the special and reply how the special was offered upon ordering.Given another sigh from the person I'm granted the special price.I drive to the place to pick up and plastered on their window and a huge billboard is the special with no mention of coupon.Needless to say, this place gets a one from me.
1	The guy was so ignorant I walked out.I came in and asked to order then I asked for the specials.The big black guy was just looking at me funny and asked "well what kinda specials?: And I'm like "well what specials do you have, there are some specials advertised now on TV?"Then he says "well I don't know  what they got on TV,I don't have time for TV.."So he doesn't give me any menu or anything so I look around, I said thank you and I walked away, he then says seing me exiting the door" well do u wanna know the specials?..like..a joke?  and I'm like: yes, I did.Thank you.." and I left.I'm hungry now but I'm not gonna beg ..
1	This place is a joke. Ordered pizza on the day I was too sick to cook for my son. THEY FORGOT TO DELIVER MY FOOD! It was an hour after I ordered it that they called to tell me and told me it would take another hour. I asked for a refund. I noticed that they also charged me twice. I'd better get refunded for both!
5	I never had a problem ordering pizza here, aside from the waiting time. But that's typical of any pizza place. Papa John's also has promos and coupons -- pretty much the only times I come here LOL. Pizza is really good and not at all bland like say...school cafeteria pizza.I've never ordered over the phone; I usually just buy in store so I don't know how their pizza delivery is like. It's a 10-minute wait for about pizza to get done.
2	I've ordered delivery twice for papa John's.  both times my pizza was delivered at room temperature. The second pizza was even free courtesy of the manager because of it. and both times I was told that it would take 45-60mns and took close to 2hrs. I was accommodated for my dissatisfaction, so the reason for me writing this is not to come down on the staff, but there needs to be a change. Maybe they need to hire more people or whatever unless they want to keep giving away free pizzas.
1	The worst ever,I no kidding the worst customer service ever and only about half the time is pizza up to papa johns standard .why corporate has  not  for stepped in to totally clean house is amazing,years ago I quit calling them because they would instantly ask you to hold no matter what time of day you called them, not ever minute of day are they that busy,couple of years go by and  i thought  maybe corporate  came in  replaced the entire staff due to all the negative reviews on yelp and I do. Love papa johns pizza when it's done right so I thought I would give them a second chance since I was going to next closes papa  johns for years on boulder highway, so call in a  order using a coupon issued thru a flyer that states its for carry out only but not an online since some of the coupons do state online only but not this one which I had to argue with the call taker then he said he did not recognize the promo code at all,asked to speak with the manager he was the manager, great job job of corporate over sight guys.this one store could run the whole franchise into the ground.
