2	One and a half stars would be my real choice.We went there on a slow Sunday eve after the mall was closed.  Over the night there was no more than 20 people in the place at one time.  On the staff side they had 3 bartenders a bar back and I saw at least 5 servers and two runners.  Ok, first the two one star reviews were spot on about service.  The waitress we had was not knowledgeable about the menu at all and very very slow (yes we also wondered how you are slow when no one is there).  On three occasions we asked about something specific on the menu and all three times she had no clue, twice she never even came back with an answer to our question.Second, the chips were tasty and the salsa wasn't that bad, HOWEVER there are huge chunks of garlic in it.  I found that out after one was in my mouth, and its not a pleasant experience chomping down on garlic.I personally LOVE specialty places like gourmet burger joints, and the thing that you specialize in you should do really well.  I found the taco's that I had to be decent but not spectacular.  Very small in size (yes I know street tacos should be small) but they didn't have a ton of flavor.  I had the crawfish and buffalo chicken tacos.  There was about 3x more cabbage on my plate then there was actual taco and I really couldn't taste the fish.  The chicken on the taco was decent but the sauce was watery and had no kick.  My wife had the carne asada taco and she wasn't raving either.  The other problem I had with the 8 tacos we ordered was that it took about 20 - 25 minutes to get to us.  So if 8 tacos take 20 mins in an empty joint, I am afraid to see how long it would take in a full house on a Friday eve.On the good side, I too like the vibe in that place and the drinks are very good.  I had the sangria (needed some real fruit in it) and it was really refreshing and I enjoyed it.  My wife loved the purple haze and called it a VERY DANGEROUS drink.Overall they need a lot of work.  If they don't they will imho be where all the other places in that spot are.  In restaurant heaven.
2	Went there for the first time today and didn't taste anything that would get me to come back.Nice people work there.  Chips and salsa were below average.  The ice tea was fine.  I had several of the street tacos of which only the Pulled Pork would I order again ... though, I doubt I'll return.Rock Taco is a good idea - kinda reminds me of a Mexican Hard Rock Cafe - however, it needs a better menu.
4	Mixed review here. First, the idea is unique to Chandler and I think it is needed in that area. The taco selection is superb and the ability to order a taco combo plate that I create is a nice aspect. The salsa is medium heat and very flavorful. I have eaten at Rock Taco 2 times and I have been pleased with the food and the price.This place is new so I give it some leeway, but the food took forever both times. Also, the servers are not knowledgeable yet they are attentive. Finally, while I like the concept, the vibe and ambiance could use a little work. The bathrooms especially need to be more hip and "rock" ish.
5	Great chips and salsa. Great menu of taco choices and decent prices. The street tacos are small so you will want at least two. But with the variety to try you may not be able to decide!MeChips: 4Salsa: 5Grilled shrimp taco: 5Fried fish taco: 4WifeShrimp and scallop on fried bread: 4Scallop taco: 4Devil with a Red Dress on margarita (Blood orange and acai): 5Clean: 5Service: 5
1	DON'T GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!!    I wish I read the reviews before I went to this place.  Chandler is in desperate need of a restaurant like this, however Rock Taco is not the place.  I want to begin by saying that I did not try the food here, but I never had a chance to.  While sitting at the so called bar, one server finally decided to ask us what we would like to drink.  After we selected off of their specialty drink menu she then had to read the menu to figure what was in the drink so she could make it for us.  I am sorry but if the bartender has to figure out herself what is in the drink you know the drinks are not made well.  This is the last time anybody spoke to us until I flagged down a different bartender to ask for our bill.  I never even had a chance to see the menu.  None of the servers in the restaurant seemed liked they wanted to be there, attitudes were horrible.Another problem that Rock Taco does not have a clue about is their entertainment choice they have on the patio.  If I was Kona Grill across the way I would be complaining about  #1. How loud the so called band  is.  And #2 they should be calling the animal control clinic because it sounded like somebody was strangling a cat.I signed up on Yelp just to write this review.  Overall worst experience ever for a restaurant!
1	The wife and I hit this place on a lark. We were at the Chandler Fashion Mall and saw that a new restaurant had opened up near the food court. When we got seated we noticed that the music was great. 70's music hits me right where I live and it was just the right volume. The staff was friendly and helpful. Things were going so well and then the train went off the tracks:We ordered four tacos two for each of us. 45 minutes later we got our tacos. We were told that the kitchen was backed up with orders but this was around 1:00 in the afternoon and the place wasn't crowded at all. The tacos couldn't have been much larger than a silver dollar for $2.99 each. There were about three bites to each of these and there was more slaw than there was meat. They tasted okay but the size and the price really shocked me. We were also quite disappointed that our food was so late. We also noticed that many of the food items being served were kept on the counter for extended periods of time before being brought to the tables which might explain that our food wasn't exactly hot when we got it. (We were sitting at the bar so we got to observe the operation in great detail.)I liked the people working there. Kind of an eclectic group if you know what I mean. The open air feel to the bar gave it a true Baja feel. The music was fantastic. The people were nice. However the slowness of the food and the skimpy portions will ensure that the wife and I won't be coming back. When we walked out we saw a Rubio's around the corner from them. The tacos were the exact same price but have much more to offer in the way of actual quantity and even taste than Rock Taco. If I were coming here to just hang out, drink and listen to music  I'd say it would be a good place to try. However if you're coming here expecting great food served in a timely manner I'd say try someplace else.
5	This is definitely one of the new hotspots to go in Chandler.They just opened a little over a month ago and serve a fusion of Mexican and American food.The food is good and the prices are very reasonable especially during happy hour and reverse happy hour.The staff is super friendly and very attentive.  On Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturday they have DJs spinning on the patio. They mix everything including rock, classic rock, hip hop, house, and usually pretty good about taking requests.Definitely check it out!
5	It was by accident we ended up here last Saturday night.  It was no accident that we have been back for a total of 3 times in 5 days.  There is nothing better in LA than getting Carne Asada tacos off the Taco Truck.  And FINALLY we found a place who serves them up right just like em, if not better!  Street tacos are supposed to be small so the smaller size was not a surprise to us.  it was LOADED with meat.  They didn't cheapen it at all!  Loved the HOT chips and salsa.  It is soo fresh and full of yum!  The staff is SOOOOO personable.  If anything... the friendliness of this place is worth it.  The ambiance is what drew us in there.  I love the music and atmospere.We will be back!  Hold the 2 end spots for us!  ;)
2	Stopped there for happy hour, the food was great and the price was even better (lotsa tacos and 2 beers for under $20). The service was slow and very very bad! Just about everybody that worked there looked like a teenager, but the waiter must have been older since he served us our beers.  The waiter didn't bring us water, and it was HOT out and we were sitting on the patio; AND he took a LONG LONG time to get us our drinks (I think we went thru 2 servings of chips and salsa before we got our drinks) - not a good thing in AZ! The wait staff would look more professional, and you would know who they were if the restaurant had restaurant shirts rather than having staff wear whatever out of their closet. They had a band playing, White Cloud (?), that night; they were great but a little hard to hear and the view was not good (all the tables near the band area were "reserved"). Not sure if I will go back! If you want to try them out be ready for some long delays in  the service!
5	So many taco choices; combinations I never dreamed of in a taco! I had the pulled pork taco and it was fantastic. My hubby and I also split some sort of taco roll appetizer (can't remember the name) and it was so yummy! My world tour (mixed drink) was delicious! The bartender was really nice too. Definitely recommend :)
2	Mediocre service.  Food was not good and overpriced.  Someone else said it, "the tacos couldn't have been much larger than a silver dollar for $2.99 each."   I would add that the carne asada tasted like ground beef and the margaritas were more water than flavor. I wouldn't recommend this place.
3	This place is poppin' during happy hour on weekdays and early evenings, until around 9:30ish.  Happy hour prices are good.  I've personally only taken advantage of the $2 street tacos and $5 rockaritas deal.  I like the carne asada and chicken street tacos.  The house margarita is pretty weak but tastes good.I typically only go there to listen to the live DJ, and grab a drink or two.  They have a good variety of margaritas & cocktails.  The most recent cocktail I've tried is the Around the World Tour, which is composed of like 4-5 different flavors of Stoli, sweet & sour, and Sprite.  The bartender warned me that that was their strongest drink.  Of course that only made me want to try it even more!  And she was right.  I had to drive to Scottsdale to meet up with some friends after, so I only downed half of it.  It was good, fruity, but super strong.My favorite drink there so far is the Devil With a Red Dress On.  Love the blood orange-acai flavor.Overall, I think this is a good place to go when you have the munchies or just want to chill out with great music, good atmosphere, have a drink or take some shots!I think adding happy hour over the weekend and reverse happy hour would definitely benefit this place.
1	We went there because it looks laid back and the music was good.  I was most excited for the street tacos.  I'm pretty sure they didn't drain the meat before slopping it into the corn tortillas.  In turn they broke and were soggy. A complete MESS.  We also ordered some chicken nachos which were less than par.  We took a bite of each taco and less than two chips off the pile. We left hungry and annoyed. A bummer because the inside of the place had a great feel.  I would go here if you're looking to enjoy chips, salsa, and a beer.  If you want good street tacos you are better off at a roach coach.
4	On my lunch break, I was looking around and decided to try Rock Taco. It's been open a few months now and I'd never stopped by any place that had occupied it's spot in the food court, but today was the day. The atmosphere is good. Positive, energetic, good lighting (not too bright though), fun kitsch on the walls. The menu has varied tacos to try. Being lactose intolerant, I avoided anything with cheese or cheese sauce. When the tacos came (pretty promptly), I was a little underwhelmed by their size, about 3 bites apiece. They almost reminded me of tapas. Despite their size, they were delicious. Between the tacos and fresh chips and salsa, I was pretty full. These are not family sized portions for each patron, but an appropriately sized portion for $8. I wasn't stuffed, but I was very sated. Service was prompt and polite, Patrick did a great job of keeping on top of my chips and water. The food came out promptly even when it was a little slower on a Tuesday at noon (in food services, being slow doesn't mean the service is better, it can be quite the opposite). Their draft beers looked great, the obligatory Coors Lite but some other delicious beers, I believe I saw Kiltlifter, Dos Equis, that kind of stuff. I look forward to visiting Rock Taco again
5	this place is off the chain!, i love me some delicious chips and salsa! The street tacos were to die for :)The best thing about this place is the ambiance its truly fabulous.The wait staff and management was very accommodating. We have children and sometimes it can be difficult but not at this place, they love it!
1	Me and a guest tried this place today for lunch. I can see why it was pretty empty. The atmosphere was ok, nothing special. There were flies that dive bombed us constantly and we sat inside. A mosquito even landed on our salsa bowl. It was disgusting. By the time we left, my arm was sore from trying to keep the flies away.The food was decent with a lot of variety on the menu. The chips tasted like a bag was opened in the back. Definitely not fresh made. I was afraid to eat the food because of all the bugs. Have not gotten sick so far! Heather was a great server and knew the menu well.I won't go back. There are just too many real Mexican food restaurants that are better in the valley and don't require you to bring a fly swatter!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
2	I was excited to try "Rock Taco" but I was not impressed: the floor was dirty (Monday with several employees just standing around)... It was mostly empty, but it still took over 30min to get our simple "happy hour" apps. The food was unremarkable. They have a few "rock" posters up, play some rock on the jukebox, and the walls are black - maybe this is more "rockin" at night?
1	I will never go back!! TACO BELL has better food then this place and the employees really don't care what you think about there food,The seating was designed by a 5th grader and they have no booths, the floor is dirty, bathrooms are dirty and the employees don't wash there hands after doing clean up and then touch your food (NASTY). This place is not guest friendly like a bar should be.. They need to call BAR RESCUE and learn how to run a real bar.. Also someone needs to tell then the beer is suppose to be cold and not served at room temp.. Save your money and go to one FIREBIRDS on the other side of the Mall you will be way better off.
2	ProsGreat location and patioFriendly staff and cool vibeGood cocktailsConsLow cost / low quality ingredientsOverall, food was just not that goodI hate writing a bad review of this place, I really wanted to like it. It has a cool San Felipe's meets Cooperstown/Hard rock type vibe...The staff was great the entire way through. What really threw us was the food. It just did not have good flavors and they really used the cheap ingredients....If you want a place to have a cold one and people watch it is AWESOME. Just don't go for the food unless something changes.... We will give them another whirl soon and update if we find different. Sorry Rock Taco, next time hopefully.....
3	after sitting at the bar for well over 10 minutes, we were asked by the bartender if we wanted any drinks.. and had a chance to glance at the menu.... in the mean time they brought out some chips and salsa.  the salsa was just ok... and the chips were super greasy, I mean greasy!!  The place seems very disorganized and lack of prompt service is very noticeable.  The food was probably the better part of the experience; I might give them a shot one more time.
5	I LOVE Rock Taco Cantina!  They are so super friendly!  Last week my husband and I's "spot" at the bar was taken.  It was nice that the workers recognized that and all said something.  Super personable and I love being remembered when I walk in somewhere... in a city so big.  The food is AWESOME!  I am finally venturing out to try something other than their DELICIOUS street tacos!  Their flat bread pizza was Also amazing!  my next visit might be Chicken and Waffles.  EVERYTHING looks so YUMMY on that menu!  Shelly is amazing and knows what we want to drink as soon as she sees us!  I am lost when I go in there and she isn't working!  She is SUPERB!  The owner is always there walking around too, LOVE IT!  I love how they are involved with their customers!  I just might have to celebrate my birthday there this year.  =)
5	This place is awesome! The food is great and and you get a lot of it to, they don't skimp out. We there are always great specials! Can't bet $5 nachos that 3 people cant even finish. Prices are good. Everyone is friendly and nice. My 3 year old like the burgers here too. This is my new spot!
5	I stopped by Rock Taco while in town for a long layover in September. The service was attentive and prompt. Our server kept us entertained, and I really enjoyed their margaritas. The chips and salsa are fresh and made daily and the jalapeno cream cheese chimichanga was DELICIOUS!The 4" street taco menu is impressive and my husband sampled & enjoyed a few as well as their seasonal beers on tap.I highly recommend this restaurant!
3	Nice place to eat at the mall that doesnt feel like a "mall restaurant". Interesting selection of cheap tacos (BBQ pork, shrimp, steak, fish, vegan choices like portabello). Street tacos are only $2.50, but they're small -- you'll down them in a couple bites. Comfy seats to watch a game or hang out - nice vibe and decent service.
3	We went to Rock Taco for lunch and had mixed feelings when the meal was over.So, here's what was good: The portion sizes were very generous and my pork street tacos were delicious.  I also had a side of Spanish rice and it was very fresh and flavorful.  I also enjoyed the seasoned tortilla chips and salsa.  The restaurant itself was clean and well decorated.  The patio was really pretty though we ate inside as it was a bit chilly.And here's the bad:  Our server was very pleasant, but seemed kind of unsure of the menu when we were ordering.  He had a "helper" but we had to wait for our food for a while and I don't think our drinks were refreshed at all.  We also waited a long time for the food to arrive and another long span of time before our check arrived.I will definitely visit again because the food was that good.  I hope the service improves, though.
1	The words "world famous" grace the entrance of Rock Taco Cantina in Chandler...what they're famous for would be worth knowing. A friend of mine met there for lunch a few days ago and were totally unimpressed. We were seated quickly, probably because there were so few people there. Drinks came pretty quick but were refilled only once after we sat with empty drinks for 5 minutes. The food was okay...I've MADE better. It took forever for the waiter to bring us our food. I had a shrimp/steak taco and 2 carne asada street tacos. Flavor was okay, but the beef was dry. The shrimp were pretty plain, nothing special. I really wanted to like this place. It looked pretty disorganized though, as we were at the bar and I could see communication (or lack of) between the cooks and what looked like management. The cooks look frustrated...pretty sure that frustration went right into my food.
3	I thought this place was pretty cool. Food is good too. It's very similiar to Pink Taco in Scottsdale which is a little bogus, but still, the Chandler mall really needed a casual yet trendy spot like this. The service is good. Both times I went were in the day though. I can say I seemed to get a little more attention when I sat inside versus the patio. They only had a couple TVS that you can only see from the bar. The menu is a little pricey. I think their items are mostly a la carte. But again, good place for lunch after a day of shopping and they have a very creative drink menu. Bueno!
1	We decided to try this place for lunch on a Sunday. It was slow and we sat at the bar.The bartender really didn't want to be there, it was quite obvious. We asked what the specials were and he rattled off some drinks. I ordered a bloody mary and my friend ordered a margarita. He asked me what I wanted in my bloody mary.... I said I wanted it spicy. What I got tasted like tomato juice with some vodka in it. He brought a bottle of tabasco and a pepper shaker... I asked for olives and he brought me a glass of them. Obviously he had little experience with bloody marys. My friends margarita was terrible and she gave it back and ordered a beer instead. I asked 3 times for a glass of ice water before I got it.They specialize in tacos and they don't do that well either. My carne asada tacos were ok, but nothing special. The tortilla soup was blah. My friends chicken tacos were pretty bland.It's doubtful that I will go back to this place again.Poor service, mediocre food.
