5	Update:  I went back for dinner and was equally impressed.  I had fish with some sort of sweet glaze and sauteed mushrooms.  It was out of this world.  Really really good.  I splurged and went for dessert as well.  Oh my god, everything was perfect.  Service was excellent.  Fox hit this one out of the park.  ------------------------I had the most fantastic lunch at Green House, which just opened a few weeks ago in the Kierland Commons outdoor shopping plaza.  Oh so California, from the wine list and Cow Girl Creamery cheeses, to the fresh seasonal dishes gracing the menu.  Elegant modern casual breezy restaurant that really feels like it was plucked right out of the Bay Area.  The decor seemed one part California craftsman and one part Frank Lloyd Wright. I totally splurged and had the Kobe beef burgers since I was dining solo.  Yes, the plural is not a typo.  The presentation is two mini burgers, aka sliders, with a square dish full of fries.  I opted for a salad of tossed greens instead of fries to assuage my guilt.  I washed it all down with not one but two delightful glasses of red.  I chatted up a mystery stranger at the bar, imparting some shopping advice (he was looking for that perfect Valentine gift for his lady), and he quite chivalrously paid for my lunch!!  Hip hip hooray for random acts of kindness.  The bartenders were super nice.  Overall, one of my top lunches ever.
5	Had a great lunch here...sat at the bar. Food came pretty quick, even though they were pretty busy. The food was VERY good, I had the pea soup which was great, and I had the fresh fish special which was Halibut. It was also very good. Portions are small but I like that, I'll have to come back and check out the wines....the wine list looked good!  It was about 80% women in here...which was also very yummy...
4	I have to say, the food wasn't as impressive as I had hoped.  I had the Lobster Risotto and it was decent, but nothing really special I felt.  The flavors were a bit off and I didn't want to ask my dining companion about her meal fearing she was having a similar experience (and since I had chosen the place).  For the food, I'd say three stars.Service was good though, and the dessert I had was great (Scharfenberger mousse).  Ambience was a bit loud, and not super cozy, but I may be a bit of a food snob since I'm so spoiled by some amazing food in the Bay Area so I just can't give this more than four stars.
1	I had been wanting to go to this restaurant since I moved to AZ. I love the FOX restaurants so my boyfriend made reservations for valentine's day. I had my hopes up but I wasn't really impressed.  We were squeezed into a corner table, the service was decent, and it was quite noisy . I didn't feel that I was able to experience the vibe of the restaurant being in the corner. I order pasta w/breadcrumbs/mushrooms, and I ended up returning it. It just didn't taste right. Desert menu was a disappointment as well. Overall, I wouldn't recommend the restaurant.
4	One of the most impressive things about The Greene House is that it is part of a conglomerate of restaurants owned and managed by the Fox Group.  Rarely, does one find a quality restaurant that does not follow a formula that is part of a larger restaurant group.The idea behind The Greene House is to offer dishes that are inspired by the farms, markets and ranches of California - fresh ingredients that can be appreciated by the non chain restaurant dining crowd.  The decor includes an updated Craftsman design, complete with cooper and wood embellishments and hand made light fixtures, a refreshing respite from the usual layout of local chains.  Outdoor patio dining as well as an open dining room make this a fantastic destination during the warm evenings in the area.While other reviewers commented on the high prices at The Greene House, similar meals at restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area would easily cost double.  Not only did I comment on this as we reviewed the menu, but each of my 5 dining companions, all from the Bay Area, also made the same remark, that The Greene House was a relative bargain.  In my opinion, The Greene House offers an incredible value for the quality of the food that is prepared, however, in lower cost areas such as Phoenix and Scottsdale, I can understand why one would perhaps be a little taken back by a $11.00 lunch entree, though this is a bargain by Bay Area standards.Our meals were all very well prepared, from the lightly battered Fish and Chips, to the Parmesan and truffled oil french fry appetizer.  Others in the group ordered items from a yogurt dressing salad, to pasta to the twin Kobe burgers, again, all well prepared and in fair portions.  My only comment would be that The Greene House should not name the twin burgers "Kobe" burgers, since the meat is not from Kobe, Japan, or was it domestic American Wagyu beef.  The Angus beef was flavorful and tender, but it should be named such, not mislead the diner.  While I knew better - who would ever expect to pay a nominal $12.00 for a true Kobe beef burger, those who have never experienced true Kobe beef might be misinformed on the true texture and flavor of this delicacy.Overall, this is a fine restaurant that will always be on my dining list when visiting the Scottsdale/Phoenix  area.
2	The Greene House is interesting. It's California fair is a good attempt but needs to be toned down, prices too. If you go, and get the over-priced Kobe Burgers, but don't expect it to be cooked to the temperature you request!
3	I have to say this is a very inconsistent place. I have been here and it was really good and the time time not good at all.The brick ckicken is flavorless and tastes very chickeny. It is moist though.The steak is the only time I have ever like steak at a restaurant, But it has been bad too.The short ribs are good but not amazingthe best thing I ever had there was a seasonal walnut ice cream it doesnt sound that great but it is truley amazingI do like this place but for the price and inconsistensy not so good. Its a gamble
3	There must be a trend among Scottsdale restaurants to re-do their menus this month. It seems like every where I have been going, there are new menus which is great! And this is a good thing for Greene House. When they first opened I really thought they were good. But then it went down hill....fast. Now with the new menu,,,they get 3 stars from me.They no longer have their 3 different menus like they once had. They now have one for the whole day which can be bad or good. There is alot more to choose from compared to before. More salads...which are monstrous! More entrees to choice from too.I had the Tomato eggplant panni which was pretty dry. It came with a "side salad" that was baby greens with sea salt dressing. Seriously the greens were too salty to eat. I had a couple bits then had to drink a gallon of water. And then of course I had to walk outside to get to the bathroom! My friends had the Mahi Mahi Tacos and I guess they were pretty tasty, along with the navy bean corn casserole side thing! I wish I would of ordered this instead.The best part of course was the dessert! My friends had the Strawberry rhubarb cobbler, I heard it was divine. I, on the other hand, am a chocolate fanatic so I had to try the hot chocolate cake with walnuts and whip cream. De-lish! So if you have been to Greene House before and did not like, give it another try!
4	Having lived in California for 15 years I find it funny when a restaurant says it serves California fare. What? Beet salad and seared scallops are only available in California. Warm chocolate cake? Only in the Golden State? Hmmm. Well, what's not funny is how much I enjoyed my food and the attentive and outgoing service we had. And I was delighted at how large the portions were. I was expecting scaled down versions for RW. Kristin S, Rickie and I were here for Arizona Restaurant Week (Ah, c'mon who are we kidding, let's just call it Phoenix Restaurant Week!) and had a fantastic time. My roasted beets were sweet and dee lish. While the sauce with my scallops was a bit too sweet for my tastes, they were cooked perfectly. And as luck would have it, it was half off bottled wines! YAY! Kristin and I sipped a wonderul Sauvignon Blanc that matched my entree perfectly. Rickie's Natural Chicken (WTF? Natural chicken? As oppossed to the chickens with silicon breasts? Now that would be very Californian!) was flavorful but since it was served with the skin on, could have been crispier. Not being a fan of rhubarb I was pretty sure I wouldn't like the cobbler. And. Well. I was right. I made that yucky puckery face you make when you wish you could spit out what you just put in. But I swallowed. Like a lady.
4	The Greene House was my second stop for Restaurant Week.  I figured it was a good casual place in a good location- you could do some shopping at Kierland and then have dinner and wine?  Sounds like a good day to me!  After wading through a sea of children, including a naked 4 year old girl, playing in the fountain (Seriously, this is not a public swimming destination, it's a mall...would you let your kid get naked and play in the fountain at Fashion Square?  Furthermore, this is North Scottsdale, don't you people have pools?) Thomas, Rickie and I arrived for dinner. The first thing that struck me was that everyone at Greene House was SO friendly!  It was really nice.  I appreciate it when servers are excited about the food they serve...it makes me excited about it.  Things didn't start off very well, our bread was cold and Thomas had some dirt in his napkin.  Meh.  But things began to look up when our dishes started to arrive at the table.  I chose the smoked salmon crostini (essentially fancy bagel, lox, and cream cheese) and holy cow, it was HUGE!  I was expecting little 1-2 bite crostinis but these were pieces of toast- three of them!  Smoked salmon was layed on double thick!  I was most impressed by the scallops that I ordered for my entree- they were by far the cleanest and most well cooked scallops I've had in Arizona.  The quality wasn't there but they were at least prepared well and not at all gritty or sandy.  At the Greene House?  Who knew?  The sauce was a tad sweet but the snap pea shavings were the perfect compliment to the scallops texture wise.  Again, a huge portion.  For dessert I selected the strawberry rhubarb cobbler, which was oddly served cold, and found it too tart to eat.  Which was too bad because it was huge.  I'm giving Greene House 4 stars based off my RW experience because I think it serves the function that it is supposed to- it's a good place to grab lunch or a dinner when you are shopping.  The menu is diverse, the price points are varied, and the wine list is solid.  I don't think I would make it a point to come here specifically for dinner but I would plan on it if I was shopping in Kierland.
4	Dear Green HouseAhhhhh Fox Concepts, how you woo me with your impeccably designed restaurants and local/delicious fair. I miss you, there is nothing quite like you here in puffed-up LA. You were so unpretentious but at the same time completely gourmet. The thought of your cheese plates, Braised Short Ribs, or Calamari make my loins ache with fiery longing. The memories we shared, my first sip of Orogeny, oh how time flies. Alas i must go but you shall always have a place in my heart... and stomach. Sincerely Yours,MatthewP.S. You lost a star for how you milked my wallet you fickle mistress. I love you though, you were worth every penny.
4	Luv this place in summer when all bottles of wine 1/2 off (usually there 1x/wk with that special!).  We've sat @ tables, patio & bar, but usually bar, (faster, pers. att., swap new wine tips).  Luv the wine listLuv the truffle friesYummy cheese plateFun cooking classes @ summerGood patio for people watching :-)
4	I have only eaten at the Green House for lunch, I dont really see it as much of a dinner spot since Ocean Club and Zinc Bistro are so close. I have had the best service and they have the greatest Asian Chicken Salad. Great portion size yet very light and healthy. It is definately worth the trip :-)
2	The service was disagreeable... and it was a big bummer.  Mainly because all of there restaurants over the years have never let me down...Not only was he elusive and difficult to get any time with to ask questions or order...But when we asked about something his response was," They have improved the taste" in a tone that made it sound undesirable  or   When we asked about Ginger Stout Cake "it is just like this other dish Hot Chocolate "Boca Negra" Cake " ...  The items sound very different on the menu but the waiter felt they were the same.The Ahi tar tar tacos... the shell was too think and was not enjoyable... that really took away from the delicate ruby red tuna...The Blueberry Crostata was good, but nothing set it apart from a diner's baked goods. The menu seemed boring to me, and there was not much that popped out to me.  I did not feel like I was in California, it did not give me a fresh farmers market feel I get when dining in restaurants with a "California" feel... it seemed like an up graded chain restaurant.I like the building and interior... that was my favorite part. I would go to North next store... same owner, but better management.
4	My wife and I dined here for Valentines Day 2009.. Our first visit here. We have both dined at Bloom another of Fox Concepts places.. The menu for V-Day was a prix-fix... I had the Winter Squash Soup (basically was a butternut squash soup), perfectly seasoned with Chive Creme fraiche on top.. My wife enjoyed the warm Brie.. For our dinners she had the Pork Chops in merlot demi and I had the Beef tenderloin with a Green peppercorn demi.. Very good and cooked and seasoned to perfection.. The deserts is where I am negative.. I had the Boca Negra Cake which should be left of the menu.. It is a 2nd rate chocolate cake that my 4 year old nephew could do better.. It was heavy and dry and lacking in real flavor..  My wife enjoyed the Lemon Sorbet with Pistachio biscotti.. I had a glass of of the Madrigal petite Sirah.. For a $15.00 glass of wine, which was good, not outstanding, the price point should be lowered to $10.00 a glass or even $8 or $9.. $15 is too much!! My first overall impression is the food is cooked to order. Taste is great.. For the first time in awhile, I didn't reach for the S & P... We will try it again, so we can sample other offerings on the real menu.
4	Other than the noise  we really like coming back here.  Food is always consistently good.  Only one so so meal, that was the flank steak.  Great mall to walk around after dinner.
4	It was a last minute decision to have dinner here last night, and so glad we did.  This is definately 4 1/2 stars.  I can't wait to go back.   It was a beautiful night so we sat out on the patio and had incredible service and just a great feel from all of the staff.  The place is beautiful and comfortable.  Since I miss CA so much, I felt very much at home with the restaurant, food and wines.  I came away from the Green House very happy!  I wasn't very hungry so we snacked on appetizers and split a meal.  OMG...The tuna tartare tacos are just amazing.  You must try these.  BF had the BBQ Pork Tenderloin and loved it, I ate his mac n cheese.  Amazing.     So I guess this is a completely different menu than they had when they first opened, so if you tried this place before and hated it (as my BF did) give it another try.  I love this place.
3	I think I am coming to realize as I write my reviews that aren't impressive have something in common: Fox Restaurants. I must not be a fan of their taste but again, I like the style. I love this patio, too. I came here with my mom for wine and salad. I don't remember what salad I had but it was leafy greens with a vinegarette of some sort. I will probably come back just because I enjoy the patio so much....but probably only if theres a super long wait for Zinc. I would have Zinc over this any day
4	This is a generous slant on 3.5 stars as this is probably the best experience food wise that I've had at a Fox restaurant. I really, really do want to like them as the atmosphere and service are always second to none but the food usually falls short especially for the prices. The restaurant was quite full, as was Keirland-anybody hear about the recession? No? Good, keep spending and eating at restaurants!! Greene House gets major props for the Mission/Arts & Crafts decor (my favorite as it embodies timeless warmth) and a very friendly server!! I ordered the pork tenderloin with penne (mac-n-cheese) and broccoli. The pork was masterfully cooked, the mac-n-cheese was okay and the broccoli was straight out of the bag I don't think it was cooked at all. The house BBQ sauce struck me as almost bitter and not very good, but my buddy just loved it. You know what they say about opinions.......... Kobe sliders were okay I thought, good fries, and my other two friends had the sweet potato cannelloni and veggie panini which I did not taste but they seemed to enjoy. I'd probably go back to Greene House, patrons should check out the $100 gift card pack for Fox Restaurants at Costco for $80 to maximize your value.
4	Always a good meal here. I have probably been here around 5 times and been able to try new things each time. The crispy chicken, bbq pork tenderloin, sea scallops, short rib and chicken & proscuitto ravioli are all tasty. They each have a very unique flavor to them. They also have some great appetizers like their smoked brie. My absolute favor thing on their menu is the tuna tartare tacos. They come with 3 tacos and they are excellent! Almost every time I have gone I order them as an app. The restaurant itself is nice, nothing special, but they do have an area where you can eat outside, which is a nice change.
2	I've been to this restaurant several times in the past and thought the food and the service was much better. This time it was a dismal experience on all fronts. It took 90 minutes to get a table of 7 fully served. Was really the worst experience I have had at any restaurant in a while. The food was okay and I've had better here in the past.Sam, if you're listening, I think you've taken your eye off the fries brother. Stop opening so many places and focus on what made you great..Great experience, great food, great value. The Greene House needs to go back to the basics.
4	This was my first visit to The Greene House, and I was really impressed.  The service was outstanding!  The bartender went so far as to offer to make me a Dirty Martini with basil (if you haven't tried this yet, you should...my boyfriend and I make them at home and...YUM!) when I asked about the vodka Gimlet with basil.  In addition, when I stuck up my nose at the caramel topping for the chocolate dessert, he quickly said that he could make a substitution.  And he said I was beautiful, which, of course, always catches my attention!The salmon creme fraiche bruschetta was OUTSTANDING and actually portioned larger than I expected!  And my main meal (scallops) was outstanding as well!  My only complaint is that I only received two (2) scallops.  Really?  I paid $19.00 for two scallops!?Lastly, the bar is beautiful...love the FLW influence...and the place was hopping on a Saturday night, which is a very good sign!
4	Fox Restaurant Concepts has a dozen restaurants in the valley, and it's no wonder.   They are hard at work, creating inventive ways to serve standard America and Italian fare, and the result is always a culinary adventure.I dined alone at the bar one night, and had a chance to observe the team work and camraderie that exists between the staff here.  It was a busy time of night, the bartender was juggling the entire bar area by himself, as well as waiting on patrons seated at the cocktail tables.  I noticed the various servers in the dining area helping one another out by helping to serve meals, as well as the manager stepping in to assist the guests and servers.I had a fantastic margarita, made with pomegranate juice and OJ, a house specialty.  After perusing the menu of classical comfort foods such as the mac and cheese appetzier with andouille sausage, I opted for the brie.  Served at just the right temperature, oozing with cheesy goodness, it came complete with a cherry compote and a heaping of roasted garlic.  Spreading the goods on buttery crostinis, I polished the sizeable appetizer off within minutes. Although my belly was contented with its meal, I was now eager to explore one of their entrees.Entrees that the bartender suggested, for someone who likes it all and is always indecisive:Rainbow trout with fingerling potatoes, baby artichockes, and charred tomatoesCrispy Half Chicken with mascarpone cream corn, and natural jusGrilled ribeye with arugula, avocado, tomato, bleu cheese, and an herb vinaigretteBBQ Pork tenderloin (his personal fave) with mac and cheese and roasted broccoliI opted for the rainbow trout, a fish that I love and miss from my days in the northwest.  The entree was delivered so quickly, within 5 minutes, that I had to wonder if it had been waiting for me all along.  The filet was so large that I never got half way through my meal.  It was perfectly seasoned, doused in a wine and garlic sauce, topped wtih spinach, artichokes, and charred tomatoes.  For those that are unfamiliar with this fish, it has softer meat and a "dirtier" taste.  If you are used to the likes of sea bass and halibut, this $19 entree would not be to your liking.Towards the end of my meal, I spoke briefly with Danielle, the manager.  I had spotted this woman throughout the night, assisting the servers, bartender, and host - along with speaking to guests and showing them to their tables.  I was so impressed with her devoted participation in the restaurant.  And, well, I had to tell her what a great job everyone did that night, especially the kitchen in preparing my magical dishes.  She talked me into their "Boca Negra" cake, the traditional hot molten lava cake, coated in a dreamy caramel sauce and topped with vanilla bean ice cream.  A wonderful end to a delicious night
2	I went to Greene House with my sister for dinner on a Friday night. It was busy, but not super busy. We waited ten minutes before a server acknowledged us. We didn't even get an eye contact and "I'll be right with you," when one of the three waiters that walked by our table. This really put us in a funk because we had been really looking forward to eating here. When our food came, my drink glass was empty, and our waiter set down our food and walked off. I thought he would come back, but I had to ask another waiter to get me a refill. My sister got the turkey with hummus on pita, and felt it was way over priced for what she got. Same with my sandwich, it was decent, but I've had better. The best part of our meal was the salad dressing that came on our side salads. I am a big fan of other Fox Concept restaurants (Blanco, North) and this just left me really disappointed.
4	A lovely spot for lunch. The patio is just perfect with the weather cooling off. People watching and fresh air. Our food was fresh and tasty and the service fast and friendly. I can recommend the smoked salmon bruschetta, grilled vegetables and noodles, mac and cheese with Italian sausage and the green tea. After a lovely meal....we had the added bonus of $15 off...received during a dinner at North (the restaurant next door....also very good)....after we realised we were dining at a Fox Concept Restaurant. Lovely lunch spot.
4	We have been in Scottsdale for the past week and ate here twice - both meals (one lunch, one dinner, same menu and prices for each) were great, just spot-on.  I tried a basil gimlet and the salmon bruschetta - both lovely.  Scallops perfectly cooked, and my wife loved her chinese chicken salad.The next time, we had "pea dumplings" - wonderful little morsels in a broth we wanted to lick up, and we split both a beet salad and mahi tacos - oh yeah and I had a fantastic pomegranite margarita.  We were tempted to stay all afternoon... If I am ever back in this neck of the woods, I would look forward to dining here again!
3	"The Greene House - Inspired California Cuisine"What in the hell does that mean?  Oh wait, it must be referring to the fish taco on the menu.  But where's the sushi?  We all know Arizona is severely lacking in these fine culinary experiences.  Perhaps that is why the good chefs at Fox Restaurant have brought us "inspired California cuisine," since us Arizonans could use some inspiration.Well, hoping to be inspired, my aunt and I decided a break was in order from the Kierland experience, and Greene House it was.  We opted to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather.  We even got the special treat of enjoying someone's cigarette smoke wafting toward us while another prospective diner contemplated going in.Greene House can boast quite an eclectic menu offering something for everyone without having to resort to the catalog of a Cheesecake Factory, for example.  We opted for a roast beef sandwich and grilled turkey on flatbread.  The roast beef listed the "raw or undercooked" disclaimer; but in fact, the beef was well done.  I would prefer it not have been chopped, but with the addition of pickled red onions and fontina cheese, it was a tasty sandwich.  The turkey on flatbread is billed as including baby swiss, avocado, butter leaf, and hummus spread.  The hummus spread was what sold me on the sandwich; unfortunately, I never tasted it.  Not much avocado to speak of either.  We also ordered the fries kicked up with parmesan and white truffle oil.  Certainly destination fries if you're a fan of truffle oil.  Perfectly cooked, but served with ketchup.  Seriously?  Ketchup and truffle oil?  Not too inspiring on that one.We had pretty good service, overall.  But the California lifestyle took hold, and our server disappeared for quite a while before bringing the check.  Perhaps he ran out to work on his tan.Although I probably wouldn't make the drive just to dine at Greene House, I wouldn't hesitate to stop in for a meal next time I'm at Kierland.  Some of their entrees looked pretty appetizing.
5	This place is amazing and has it all:  FANTASTIC food, top notch service, and great ambience.I was in Phoenix for a work conference, and came here for lunch on a gorgeous October afternoon with two friends.  The menu looked fantastic, so we figured to get the most of our experience, we ought to share.Here's what we ordered:Apps:1. Roasted Beet Salad (generous with the succulent beets)2. Fresh Pea Dumpling3. Tuna Tartare TacosMain Courses:1. Braised Short Rib (delectable - was my favorite)2. Sweet Corn Cannelloni 3. Spicy Grilled Chicken SandwichEverything was well prepared and tasted amazing.  The short rib was perfectly done, so tender and well marinated.  Also, the portions were fairly generous.  There was plenty of food to go around.  The service was oustanding.  Our waitress was pleasant and had a good sense of humor.  The kitchen even split the salad three ways for us, without request.My only complaint is that the Black and Blue Mojito was a bit difficult to drink because of the seeds, but the flavor was great.  Definitely check out this place. The wait would be worth it!
4	good food..everything was great and fresh! good lunch place
4	My first two trips to Greene House were years ago... they hadn't been open for long and both trips were for dinner and left much to be desired. I didn't return until recently when we met some friends for a late lunch on a Saturday...Lunch is the way to go at Greene House!  It was a beautiful day and we sat on the patio... the service was friendly and attentive, and the food was fresh and filling.  It's a tad bit on the expensive side, but worth a splurge for a nice lunch every now and then...We started with a brie appetizer and a plate of roasted veggies.  Both were delicious.  I had the Asian Grilled Chicken Salad as my entree and was totally satisfied; I'm usually picky with my chicken and this chicken passed the test... I'd order it again in a heartbeat!Lesson learned: Greene House is perfect for a lunchtime splurge!
3	During another one of our very rare trips to this "posh" Kierland Commons area, we found ourselves hungry for something different, we walked by the Greene House, actually the baker's window at the Greene House.  Turns out it is a small station where smaller plates are arranged in the restaurant, a Garde-manger almost, where salads and breads came out, I think I even saw some desserts potentionally being cooked up there.  Nevertheless, the friendly face behind and the intriguing display window drew us in.It was lunch time on a saturday, the place was pretty busy.  We walked in wearing clothes that didn't scream out Scottsdale, but more of the quiet, Millionaire Next Door type of look, needless to say, we didn't get seated at a very good spot.  Wearing our t-shirts and jeans got us an awkward table that felt like it was below the bar.  Half of our lunch was eaten with a waiters butt in our faces.  It's not exactly the type of warm buns I was hoping for with my butter.The food, being avid and experienced fish and chips lovers, to try the Greene House's rendition was a must, we are no strangers to the great old fashioned greasy spoon fish and chips from accross the pond, England.  The result? Surprising, the fish was good quality white fish, if I had to guess, possibly black cod, it came with fries, not chips. "Chips" meaning big potatoe wedges that are finger length.  Nope they were just regular ole fries, a mound of it, with two small portions of the fish.  The plate was not balanced, the fries outweighed the fish (the main attraction) by a good 5 to 1.  Wow.We asked our very waiter who kept asking us if wanted anything to drink besides our ice cold water, are the Kobe Beef Twin burgers made from grass-fed cows?  I thought, Kobe beef, it has to be, you mean to tell me a cow that gets massaged gets to eat grains?!  I thought there was no way that he would come back saying it wasn't grass-fed beef, I expected a lie, a lie that would have made me feel happier.  Nope, the Kobe beef is from grain fed bovine. That's right... the waiter got 1 point for honesty, and chef, 0.  For those who know their meats, beef that is grain fed is like.... humans who only get their vitamins sources from pills and not fruits and meat, un-natural and frankly kinda gross.When the twin burgers arrived they were small, sliders small.  Why not call them sliders?  The "house pickles" are these strangely marinated curried cucumbers.  Who's idea was that?  It overpowered the meat, something that should stand alone really being KOBE no?  The beef could have maybe, and that's maybe passed for Angus, Kobe? Not a prayer.On the upside, the parmasan, truffle fries were good though.So, I guess I can't really judge this restaurant to its fullest yet, I saw potential in the menu, but also I saw a lot of pretentious combinations that should have been left off the menu, at least simplefied.  I will be back to this place one day, and that time, I will be dressed like David Beckham, wear sunglasses indoors, throw on a sportscoat and possibly designer jeans.  Maybe just maybe, then will I have a shot at sitting at one of the great seats in the house where you can see folks walk by outside, or the beautiful open kitchen they have.Don't miss: The patio seating and atmosphere at nightSkip:  the bar half of the restaurants, seats are badly placed, and save your cash with Kobe burgers that barely surpass the gut-bombs from White Castle.  For now Greene House, you get a 3 out of 5. Not good enough.
4	Randomly stumbled across the Greene House while Yelping the other night. We couldn't figure out where to go for the night, so while browsing we came across this place and the decent reviews led us to go ahead and give it a shot. It was a chilly Arizona winter night... but indoor seating was full, so we opted to sit out on their heated patio. When they say 'heated' patio, they aren't kidding... it was toasty out there! In fact the first table we got seated at was so hot we had to move, we were getting a little sweaty after just a few minutes and it was probably in the low 50's outside... so yeah; they have some pretty powerful heaters. Once we moved tables, it was quite relaxing and chill... this place just has a real nice relaxing vibe to it. That, and you can people watch all the yuppies shopping at Kierland as you eat, which is always fun. We decided on the twin Kobe Burgers (with white truffle and rosemary fries) and the BBQ Pork Tenderloin. While we waited they brought some bread that was pretty tasty. The twin Kobe Burgers came and looked oh so good. The first bite into those things was like heaven in a bun... literally melt in your mouth good. Juicy and flavorful, and they went perfect with the crunchy fries. The Tenderloin was equally yummy... great sauce and crispy around the edges but soft inside; perfectly cooked in my opinion. Our waiter was also great... very attentive and polite while not being too overbearing. All in all it was a great meal, and I can't wait to go back to this place. 4.5/5.
4	So, not purposely, I ate in two FRC's on the same day. Modern steak for lunch and Greene House for dinner. I would say that time has treated the Green House well. It has really found its groove. I have dined here before and this was the best experience so far. The menu is varied with options and price points. We were with a group of six and everyone was surprisingly happy with every dish. I had the beet salad and unlike others I have had, this one had about 6-8 small roasted beets chock full of flavor. The greens were plentiful!! A large plate full and the goat cheese and pistachios added nice texture. Not sure how they prepared the goat cheese...it was almost the consistency of a mascarpone, yummy! Others at the table LOVED the ahi tacos and tortilla soup. I had scallops as my main course and they were cooked perfectly! A great sear on the outside yet tender inside. The julienned peas were really fresh and complimented the dish nicely. The only thing out of place was a crispy piece of bacon on top. The bacon seemed out of place and really unnecessary (albeit perfectly cooked...so much so a lot of breakfast joints should take notice.) Others loved the trout and homemade pasta. Everything seemed light, with a CA flair. Oh, and the wine list is reasonable too. Only two bottles over $50 and many in the $20 range.
4	The must order item at the Greene House is the Calamari appetizer....it is amazing!!!  The calamari is still tender, and it is in a very light tempura style batter...but they also mix in some thinly sliced pieces of zucchini also in the same batter....it is like getting two awesome appetizers for the price of one!Their menu is full of very clean, coastal flavors.  I had the fish tacos, and while they didn't quite measure up to my favorite one's at Loco Patron, they were pretty good.  We also had some hummus, which was served with a delicious warm flatbread.The only negatives I found with the Greene House was the noise level inside and how close the adjoining tables were to us.  I don't know about you, but I don't like hearing about my neighbors trip to the doctor while I am eating!
4	I met a friend for lunch here before a design show.  It was the perfect prelude!  It was a warm sunny winter day in AZ and dining alfresco was in order.We both ordered drinks; I had the Black & Blue Mojito and she had the Fesca.  We shared the White Truffle Paremsan and Chive Fries!  Yummy!   I was warned that my drink was sweet but honestly it paired well with the Turkey on Grilled Flatbread with a side of mixed green salad.  The Turkey sandwich was made with a tasty hummus, avacado and fresh tomatoes.  I like simple, uncomplicated taste - maybe that's why I like the Fox Concept Restaurants so much.  The outdoor patio is great for people watching as well as soaking up the great AZ weather.   I hope to eat here again soon.
4	I really dug this place.Really!So, I'm trying to eat healthy (I've got some sweet ass vacations lined up in the next couple months that I'm gonna be smokin' hot for)Anyways, this place has a lot of great healthy option.I got the turkey flatbread, and asked for a half portion.  Done!  They were happy to oblige.  For a side, I got the roasted vegetables.  Delicious!  They were very, very well seasoned.  Add some organic green tea to drink.... perfect meal.I didn't even feel like I was dieting.  I shall return.
4	Wowza, what a mac and cheese! I really enjoy everything about the Greene House.  Walking into the restaurant, the atmosphere reminds me of a California beachside restaurant you would see in Newport Beach. The fare is light and full of flavor. I always enjoy the salad options and the steak salad is no exception... it is truly flavorful. Just the salad would be too healthy for me though, I like to take a friend and split the mac and cheese with it also. Although I can never get a straight answer of all of the cheeses that comprise this little bowl of wonder, it doesn't matter, it is delicious. Topped with homemade croutons, the mac and cheese can't be missed. While you are visiting, make sure you look at their specialty drinks... the raspberry lemonade vodka drink is delicious on a hot summer day.
2	My wife, myself, and some friends all decided to go here. My wifes friends were treating due to all the help we did with their wedding. Its a very nice place, in a very nice area. Everyone was friendly and the service was good up to a point...I seemed to get the short end of the stick at dinner. I had the scallops and greanbean thing. My scallops where all burnt on one side, and even the greenbeans were burnt. I joked about it with the waitress, who did apologize, and wanted to replace it but after waiting so long I was pretty hungry from waiting so long.... Wheres Gordon Ramsey when you need him checking the food? Everyone elses dinner in our party appeared to be good from what they said.There was some shadiness when we went to pay the bill. Our friends had a gift card, and added a 100$ cash on top. She got the gift card back, with change on the gift card. To me, this is a big no-no. Gift card gets used first, and then give us cash back please! Now because of the money being put on the card, she didnt have enough for a proper tip. After she dropped the card off, she pretty much disappeared so we didnt have a chance to ask about it. Oh well, she got a less of a tip because of it.Afterwards it was nice to walk around the shops and window browse.
1	Did not enjoy our lunch here.    Had to wait for a hostess to even come to the hostess stand to seat us.    The waitress took even longer.   This was on a Thursday at 2:30 in the afternoon.     It's not like it was a busy time.      Ordered the brie appetizer, wedge salad, fish and chips and shortrib.     The wedge was good but  the portion on the fish and chips was way too small.   Very poor quality cod.   My husband thinks he got some type of food poisoning from the short rib.   He was sick all night.    Would definitely not go back.    Also very expensive, not worth the money.
4	We found this place because it was within walking distance of the Westin Kierland Resort (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-westin-kierland-resort-and-spa-scottsdale) and because it's under the Fox Restaurant umbrella.  By coincidence, we had been thinking about trying Fox's Montana Avenue restaurant when we were in Tuscon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/montana-avenue-tucson), which has an identical menu.  Normally we don't do chains, but we we decided to give this place a try.We started with the ahi tuna tacos, in part because some of the proceeds when to feed the hungry in Scottsdale.  A tasty choice.  We then split two entrees, the mini Kobi burgers (w/ fries), and the chicken and prosciutto raviolli w/ peppers.  Both were quite good, with the thin cut fries being unexpectedly excellent.  The house margarita and the Zinfandel from Paso Robles were also nice.Honestly, for what my girlfriend calls "upscale pub food", you're not going to get much better.
3	Not many vegetraian options.  You have to like fish to eat here.  I was surprised at how fish heavy the menu was, especially with a name like Greenhouse.  Food was tasty though.
4	this was my first item going to the green house. after a night of shopping and tired feet the choice was hard but felt this would take the hungriness away. we walked in caring our Starbucks cups which caught them off guard. the service was good a little slow but good. i pick a sandwich that they made into a salad for me. it was amazing but probable better as a sandwich but still great. i will be going back because i was great!
4	I have been to The Greene House twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times I enjoyed the experience.First I went there for lunch with a friend. We sat out on the outdoor seating  to enjoy some of the perfect Arizona weather. Our waiter was very attentive and prompt. I ordered the twin kobe burgers. I thought they were done perfectly to my medium specifications and just the right amount of food. Now I am a "picker" when it comes to eating so two little burgers are plenty for me, but for others they may feel hungry afterwards. The next time I went for dinner with my parents on a Saturday night. The restaurant was pretty packed and the wait about 25 minutes. The bartenders were very accommodating as were the hostesses. I guess you can give them your cell phone number and they will call you when your table is ready, so you can go around and shop if you want to. I think that is a nice touch.Well, we were finally seated. The service was prompt and attentive. For my meal I had the crispy half chicken. I thought it was very good and the marscapone cream corn was an interesting side. Definitely different and out of the ordinary. All and all two great meals for lunch and dinner. My dad barely complained when he was there, he loved his food, and that is saying a lot for an establishment. ha.
4	Recently popped in for a spur-of-the-moment dinner, mostly because it's right around the corner, and happy to have the Greene House as a neighbor!Love the ambience, and open feel of the restaurant, especially with the open wall to the outside. The great weather this week obviously helped, not sure how comfy that can be in the summer, but we enjoyed the fresh air. And might I mention the people watching - if you like a lot of stretched-tight skin in various places.Also, I always seem to like a nice restaurant with the open kitchen that seems to be part of the restaurant. All it needs is a screaming Gordon and I'd feel like I'm in Hell's Kitchen. And I mean that in a good way. I love to see the flames of the various dishes being cooked.Drinks were good, had a perfectly made dirty martini, albeit a little on the small side. For an appetizer, we ordered the warm brie. It came with perfectly toasted bread, sour cherries and garlic. Mixing all 3 onto the bread seemed like the perfect threesome. (Hey, minds out of the gutter please, I'm talking about the brie)Entrees - I had the chicken and prosciutto ravioli which were delicious, however I would have liked more prosciutto taste and less chicken. Almost had no prosciutto-y flavor. Still loved it, but I do love me some thin italian meat. (geez, will you stop with the snickering?)The other dishes ordered at our table were the Seared Ahi Tuna which comes on a bed of stir-fry veggies that I was told was mouth watering, and the roast beef sandwich with fontina cheese. I asked my wife how it was, and all I got was a wide eyed nod as if she didn't want to even open her mouth to waste one taste.And my little one devoured the mac-n-cheese, penne type pasta drenched in melted cheese, topped with parmesan. (also available with grilled andouille sausage). And kudos to the GH for the meal size. I love a meal where you finish full, but not stuffed. Everything was the perfect size. Service was great with plenty of attention without being annoying. We didn't leave room for dessert, but the warm cinnamon and sugar donut with vanilla custard sounded very tempting. I just wanted to be able to walk out of the restaurant under my own power...
3	This is a happy hour review...Oh for God's sake when will I ever learn?!?! Another rubber stamped FRC joint to blow my cash... FRC = decent quality, high service, and low value. Corn dogs at the fair are also overpriced, but ya know what? They're f'ing HOT. And f'ing FAST. And that dude with one tooth also asks me "How are ya?" eight goddamn times. And they serve $6 beers, too. I give FRC credit for training their employees well, and at least I know they will not be closed in six months... and it's pretty inside, and there are cougars, and there was a clan of sherpa's rubbing my feet, and the tempura calamari is bitchin, and the Basil Gimlet was splendid (I had to have two, and the bartender graciously taught me how he made it), and the mac n cheese was dreamy at the bottom, but...  Oh yeah... my check. And the cold mac that took like 17 minutes (although the bottom was hot). I sensed that it wanted to be really, really good... It was never given a shot at the heat, man... Oh and did I mention the check... Mac and cheese with andouille sausage for $9? I'm ok with that but serve it HOT or the specialty sausage that your chef's education conceived tastes like a microwaved hot dog gone cold. ...like Ma used to make (which is very comforting, don't get me wrong, but cost only sixteen cents). You CAN judge a restaurant by the mac n cheese... Sometimes I am just as happy at the fair for $68... try somewhere beside Greene House at Kierland first.
3	I've been here several times and I really want to give it an excellent five star review but........not quite.  One of the "Fox" restaurants.The venue reminds me of a California type restaurant.  Mix use of indoor/outdoor concept.  It's fairly quiet so people don't have to yell to have a nice conversation.The food is good.  The tuna tartar tacos are very tasty appetizers.  They are "appetizer" so they are quite small.  It came with the wakame salad which I loved.  Tuna tasted fresh :)  The best dish I had was the black cod (seasonal).  It was grilled to perfection and the fish was out of this world good.  However, I haven't found that on the menu after one visit.  I ordered Asian 'chicken' salad twice but both times there were no chicken in the salad.........The service is not very good.  The waiter changed three times at one of the visits that I made there......I think if one is in the area (Kierland Commons), it's not that bad of a place to have lunch or dinner but I'd have to say it's just ok for the high price paid for the food.  It may be better off trying the Zinc Bistro down the street or even North.  However, North is too loud for my taste. (You literally have to scream to a person next to you to have a conversation)I'm hoping that service will get better so I can go back there with great enthusiasm!
4	Good food and nice atmosphere just next to the Westin Hotel. We got lucky and got a table at the bar - it's a pretty busy place but worth the wait if you need to. The cheese plate was so good. And the entrees are nice too. The only thing that was a disappointment is that they don't even have their own bathroom in the restaurant. They send you outside to the public restroom with all the other strip mall goers. Other than that, food is good.
4	The boyfriend and I hit The Greene House on a Friday night and it was a great place for a casual, but not too casual,  Friday date.Even though it was Friday we were able to get seated right away. We decided to get a few things to share, that way we could try a couple different items on the menu. We started with the mac and cheese with sausage. It's kind of like an adult version of macaroni and cheese with a hot dog. The mac and cheese is tasty - very thick cheese. The sausage is a link served on the side, cut in half which was perfect since we were sharing. The sausage had a little kick to it but was not super spicy. A nice compliment to the cheese.Next we had the twin Kobe burgers with fries. They put it on two plates so I think we got extra fries which was cool. The burger was delicious. So tender and juicy and had that good burger flavor. They are small like a slider so if we hadn't been getting multiple dishes I could have easily eaten both. The fries were good too, thin and crispy with lighten herbs on them.For desert we had to try the donut. We are both big donut lovers and this one didn't disappoint. It's an oversized sugar donut served with a large donut hole. Definitely big enough to share. On the side is a vanilla and raspberry cream sauce for dipping. It's kind of like a reverse jelly donut. The donut came out warm and soft and was delicious when dipped in the sauce.  A great choice for dessert when you want something a little out of the ordinary but nothing too weird.My only complaint about Greene House was the noise. It was very loud in there so it was a little hard to carry on a conversation. The place isn't that big so we were surprised at the noise level. If it hadn't been so hot out we would have sat outside. Oh well, next time.I would love to go back and try some of their other dishes.
1	I went to The Greene House last night on a first date because I have had great experiences with other Fox Restaurants in the past so I figured it was a safe choice. Was I ever disappointed! Right after we ordered, a small German Cockroach started crawling up the wall right next to our table. At that point I lost my apatite. The manager came over and apologized but his attitude was snotty and insincere. The trout was way too salty, I had to force myself to take a few bites. The chocolate cake was delicious, but not good enough to make up for the ill prepared dinner, uninvited guest or the manager with a poor attitude . This is my worst experience with a Fox Restaurant and I won't be going back to that location. After last night's dinner, I have noticed a common theme with some of the Fox Restaurants. They over season many of their dishes!!! A few months ago I went to Zin Burger at the Biltmore and the zucchini fries were so piled high with seasoning that I could hardly see the actual "fries" let alone enjoy them. A few weeks ago I dinned at North and once again the zucca chips were horribly over seasoned! I have always had a wonderful experience while dinning at True Food, Sauce and Culinary Dropout so I will probably stick to those next time I decide to go to a Fox Restaurant.
4	I joined my Girlfriend and her Uncle for dinner on a Sunday night at Greene House. The staff that night must have been their B Squad, as the service was pretty awful for this caliber of restaurant. However the food was amazing and the wine specials on Sunday are great, half priced. I ordered the Rib-Eye and it was absolutely perfect, my girlfriend ordered the Pasta with Shrimp which was equally as good. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for excellent food and a casual dinning experience.
5	This is my new favorite No. Scottsdale spot for dinner!  Hubby & I went for Fashion Night Out at Kierland Commons and enjoyed their price fixe menu. (It saved us about $12)Starter - Smoked Salmon Bruschetta  Very smokey and plentiful. So good I took the leftovers home for breakfast the next day!Main Course-Short Rib with creamed potatoes, carrots and pearl onions.  They couldn't have prepared this dish any better in my opinion. Short rib was flavorful, moist and plentiful.  I had to take half of this home too.  The creamed potatoes were "lick the plate clean" good!Dessert-Chocolate Cake, this was my only disappointment-kind of bland or perhaps I was just plain too full to enjoy another bite!We received great service and loved the comfortable, yet upscale feel.You may have missed Fashion Night Out, but don't miss this gem of a restaurant!!!
4	Discovered this place during Arizona Restaurant week.  The food was extremely good.  The place is small and gets a bit noisy but the the short ribs make it worthwhile!
4	The Greene House hit the spot last night- its hard to get hubby to try new places and honestly we've been budget conscious about going out to eat lately, so we really want to make sure we'll go someplace we'll really enjoy. Luckily, hubby liked it, and we were happy with our experience.I only give this place 4 stars because they aren't kid friendly (a little pricey and no kids' options on the menu), and the service was pretty slow, but even at that, the server was very friendly. We sat out on the patio as the sun was going down- the place had a nice atmosphere and it was just nice to sit, people watch and enjoy the weather. We started with the herbed hummus and I got the twin Kobe burgers with fries- they were pretty decent, nothing out of the ordinary. However, hubby got the mahi tacos and they were outstanding, as was the side of mac cheese we got for my son. I don't think I'd order the same food, but I would definitely go again for a date night!
4	I usually have lunch at either Zinc Bistro or the Cheesecake Factory at Kierland.  This last time, I decided to try something different and checked out The Greene House.This is an attractive restaurant and great when the weather is nice because they open up all the doors.I sat at the bar and had an iced tea and the fish and chips.  The iced tea was supposedly passion fruit but was really bland.  It tasted like plain old water that was colored light brown.The fish and chips were awesome.  Three pieces of perfectly fried, lightly battered cod.  It came with thin french fries and a jicama slaw.  The presentation on the plate was the best I have ever seen for fish and chips.I'll definitely visit this restaurant again when I'm at Kierland Commons.
5	My fiance and I have seriously walked past this place a million times, but always chose North or another Kierland spot over it. I reminded him of this last week so we decided to stop in Thurs night for a quick bite. And woah, SO glad we did. We wanted to sit outside, but it was a little chilly... 'no problem' - says the hostess as she promptly flips the switch igniting the ceiling heaters. We were toasty in no time. We started with a 10oz pour of a tasty and reasonably priced cab. Followed it up with the smoked salmon bruschetta - YUM, get this, trust me! And ended with a split portion of the chicken & pancetta ravoli (they split it for us, delivered it in heavy cast iron skillets so it was piping hot... and we both got 2 HUGE rav's - plenty of food). *Something to note if you order the ravoli - the sauce on the pasta is pretty heavy, rich/decedant, probably very caloric (& might I add... totally delicious). The service was great too - quick, friendly & not pushy. The manager popped by for a breif check-in too. The final bill was right around $50 (b/c we shared the entree) & we used part of a FOX CONCEPTS gift card from Costco (these are awesome - $100 for $79.99). Great experience, way to go Greene House!
4	Thoroughly enjoyable meal, warm, romatic setting and knolwedgeable wait staff. Comfortable fine casual dining done right. Good wine list and pretty reasonably priced selections. Definitley recommend.
4	I went to the Greene House for the second time on a recent weekend getaway. Both times the food has been great with a wine list to match. The donut is a must have dessert. The only downfall would be the noise level, but it does seem to add something. It gives you the sense that a lot is going on and the joint is hoppin'.
5	Great place to solo dine or share a meal with your part time lover and full time friend. I wandered in here the first time, while on my way to solo dine elsewhere, and fell in love. It was the menu that got me.  I actually continued on, to my intended destination, then turned back after realizing that the Green House's menu was so much more interesting. I had to try those Tuna Tartar Tacos!  I sat at the bar and had the Tacos, a cheese plate and a bottle of wine, for half off.  The cheese selection was diverse and highlighted some cheeses from California, which I may have passed over otherwise in the market.  I am a fan of the Humboldt Fog, but who knew California could make such a great gooey Brie?! The cheese plate came with fresh dried peaches, cherries and grapes as well as blanched almonds.  Yum!  I thought I would skip right over the fruit, but ended up enjoying it.  I went back again with my boyfriend.  We shared a multitude of appetizers, and loved every one of them   as well as our sweet and cheerful server.  He liked the truffle French fries most of all.  I actually drove 4 hours just to have an excuse to eat here again!
2	If this review came a few years a go when I first ate here, it would be a solid four stars, unfortunately things have changed at the Greene House. The high prices I understand being in keirland but the flavor and presentation of the food don't match up. Unattentive service and an exhibition kitchen where you can watch the cooks play with their hair and scratch their ears and some other things that we all know happens but just don't want to see. The cocktail list is very cool.Three stars if salt was included during cooking process.
4	This is a great place. The food was really fresh and had tons of flavor. When busy it is a bit loud but did not keep us from having a great experience. The tortilla soup is amazing!
2	The Greene House had been talked up by a few of my friends so I knew I had better check it out.  I am accustomed to the unique and delicious meals created at Tru Food and expected something better due to the higher prices, but it was not delivered. The service and atmosphere were great, but the entree I ordered was something that would come out of the Applebees kitchen.  I ordered the trout which is something normally prepared very simply and although the ingredient list in the meal's description did have quite a few ingredients it was how they were put together that ruined the meal.  When the dish was brought to the table I thought, "this isn't mine" because of how it looked.  Trout should be served very simply with no breading, gravy or anything else to cover the taste of the fish.  The people at the next table even commented on it.  I did bring this up to the server who also thought they overdo it on the trout.  My friend had another dish that was quite good.  I'll stick with Tru Food.
4	love the greene house. flavorful california style cuisine, moderately priced. the sandwiches are great with ample portions. the fries are delicious fresh shoestrings.must try, the chicken tortilla soup...in any weather! it's more filling than it seems.  also the hummus appetizer with flabread...also filling.the spicey chicken sandwich is pretty delicious.
4	We attended the New Years festivities so the menu was limited. Even so, Ribeye cap and lamb shank were delicious. Lily was very good and attentive, as was the managerial staff. Look forward to trying this place not during the holidays, particularly for lunch.
2	My husband and I made a reservation at The Greene House at the insistence of my foodie friend.  She claimed that I had to go for the doughnut!  So we did...We had to wait about 5-10 minutes, even with a reservation, and the bar area was packed...we stood hovering at the door with other couples in anticipation of our feast.We were greeted promptly and ordered wine.  As we perused the menu, it was determined that because we were definitely getting the doughnut, I would forgo an appetizer and ordered the Braised Short Rib.  My husband, however, was intrigued by the tortilla soup and fish tacos, which came highly recommended by our server.  He returned shortly after taking our order with a basket of bread and butter...my excitement peaked and then fell when I placed my hand on a cold dense roll; I was hoping it would be fresh and warm, but sadly it was the butter that was warm and melty.The tortilla soup arrived and I quickly asked for a second spoon; I need to at least taste it!  My husband stirred the dollop of cream and tortilla strips into the brothy soup and took a taste...no response.  My spoon arrived, I took a taste, and found it to be lacking flavor depth and heartiness that tortilla soup is famous for. Even my husband suggested it needed some citrus or fresh herbs...maybe even a little more heat.  Not thrilled, and didn't even finish it.When our entrees arrived, my foodie excitement reappeared as the Braised Short ribs were placed in front of me...glistening in a demi-glaze the short rib----though no rib to be seen- sat atop a smooth pool of potato puree and was topped with a large onion and small nubs of carrots and a piece of celery greens.  The flavor was spot on, though nothing out of the ordinary or flavor popping and the meat was literally melt-in-your mouth.  At first I thought there wasn't enough, maybe because it was so tender and yummy I didn't want it to end, but as we got closer to the end of our meal, I found that  I couldn't finish it.  Oddly, however, my usually non meat-eating husband, found it within himself to take one for the team by eating the final bites of the tender goodness; he couldn't even resist!His tacos, he said, didn't thrill him.  While the waiter bragged about the portion of fish used in their tacos; we didn't seem to think so.  As a result, I didn't even want to take a bite so as to leave more for my honey...so sadly, I can not report on the tacos...though he did let me take a bite of the white bean salad that was on the side, which was quite flavorful.Then came dessert....we knew we wanted, as it came highly recommended, so we ordered it blindly.: the doughnut.  I was sad, however, to see that there was NO chocolate whatsoever; not dripped, none to dip, not a chip!  I was happy to see they give you the WHOLE doughtnut....hole and all, and along side the cinnamon-sugared-fried sweetness was a small ramekin of vanilla bean custard with a dollop of strawberry.  My husband enjoyed it very much, whereas I had only a few bites...it's more like a classic doughnut than the krispy kreme in that it was more dense than I would have preferred and not enough custard to compliment the dryness of the doughnut itself.Overall, it was ok...though I don't think we would go back.
2	I went there late a few weekends ago and sorry, I was not impressed at all.  Since it was one of the last places in the area I had not eaten at, maybe my expectations were a little high.  Maybe it was an off night.  I arrived around 9:30PM, a few people in the bar but the main area was mostly empty.  Service was so-so, food was so-so and will have to try it again and update my review, if it changes.  With the other choices right in the area, it will be hard to pick it over some of the other places in Keirland.
4	This is my second favorite Fox Concept restaurant so far.... (Ive tried most).  I went on a Tuesday night so it wasn't too packed- no waiting.  Server was very attentive, however may have been new because he was not very knowledgable when I asked about menu specifics.  Nearly everything we had was great!  Spinach and artichoke fondue was a yummier, classier version of the (usually) boring appetizer.  I love when places serve it with grilled flatbread rather than chips!  I ordered the chicken and pruiscuitto ravoli and it was very good!  I was very skeptical of the donut dessert before trying because I did not a want something greasy like a churro or funnel cake.  Fortunetly my assumptions were wrong!  It is truly amazing and unique!  The only disapointment was the side of Mac n' Cheese.  I love trying different macs at restaurants so I made my boyfriend order it for his side.  It was one of the most disapointing Macs I've ever had.  It tasted just like velvetta shells n' cheese.  Not what I expected at a Fox restaurant.  If it wasn't for the Mac I'd give this place 5 stars!  I will definetly be returning to The Greene House in the future
5	After 2 wonderful experiences at The Greene House I feel comfortable giving this restaurant 5 stars. Definitely my favorite restaurant at Kierland Commons. This isn't one of those restaurants like Cheesecake Factory with everything and nothing on the menu, it is a smaller (35 items maybe?) menu but you will have no trouble finding something that sounds (and will later prove) to be divine. As far as appetizers, I've had the hummus, brie, smoked salmon bruschetta, spinach artichoke fondue. Couldn't pick a favorite, they were all delicious and highly recommended. As far as entrees I've tried the Kobe Burgers, Mahi Tacos and Atlantic Salmon. I have not gone wrong with anything I've ordered. It just kind of depends on your mood. I don't know why, but I guess I saved the best food for last. This place could get 5 stars just for its White Truffle Parmesan and Truffle fries. Yeah, it's all it's cracked up to be--Ends wars and saves marriages good. Service has pretty consistently been good. The first time our group of 4 went on a Sunday evening it was packed and without reservations we ended up at the bar. The host staff and bartenders were very accommodating and friendly even as we moved chairs to fit the four of us together. Our table was ready before could finished appetizers and we were having such a great time we didn't notice the wait. Also, I've sat inside and outside. They have heaters on the patio so I was never cold and if you are the type of person that finds some restaurants noisy you may want to opt for outside. They have a semi-open kitchen and it isn't a huge place, so inside can seem loud. Also, another thing I love about The Greene House is that although you do run into some of the See and Be Seen crowd, most of the people are pretty casual. Nice casual but not dressed to impressed. The crowd to me seems more like groups of friends getting together to catch up, rather than a pretentious vibe. Did I forget to mention half price bottles of wine all day Sunday? Silly me. :)
3	This place is just okay. The food was decent, but it is overpriced for what you get. Also, our server was not very attentive at all. It was a busy night, but he hardly came to our table, and when he was there, it was obvious that he did not want to be there.
5	Well Zin is too crowded, so why not another FoxRC restaurant and it was a nice surprise; good going Trish!  Spinach Artichoke Dip, Chicken Club Kobe Burgers make comfort food a necessity for flu victims like us ;). Great service, location and funkadelic music...unique all the way, even with the double clear coffee cups.  Hint:  ask for extra bacon strips so you will be happily greeted by big nosed doggies :)
4	The Greene House is a very solid restaurant.  We both thoroughly enjoyed the experience and the meal.We both liked the decor and ambiance, and eating outside in the Winter was great, as we're from Chicago, though the heaters were a bit too intense at times (they cycled on and off fairly frequently).The service was excellent; our server was very friendly and attentive and offered advice when I had trouble deciding between 3 entrees.The food was very good, overall.  The spinach artichoke dip appetizer was very tasty, though nothing truly unique.  My scallops were good, though I felt like the bacon strips were gratuitous and made the dish feel cheaper than it actually was.  Her turkey sandwich with pesto on their grilled pita bread was the real standout: interesting and flavorful, with just the right amount of kick.  I'm rarely jealous of what others order at restaurants, but in this case I certainly was.If and when I ever return to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I certainly wouldn't mind returning to the Greene House.
2	All I can say is that The Greene House served it's purpose, but it's nothing to write home about.  It's not very distinguishable from Zinc Bistro since its in the same area.  We started off the meal with their soggy fried calamari and artisan cheeses that were just average.  My boyfriend enjoyed his trout and I liked my pork tenderloin and sauces, but the creamy cornbread (polenta) that accompanied the entree had a weird texture.  Good thing we ordered fingerlings!My friends had the Mahi tacos, but the limes were dry and another had theKobe burgers with Mac and Cheese.  The service was good, always refilling the drinks and available.  As a whole the food and restaurant were not memorable and I probably would not ever go there again.
4	I loved this place! California inspired at its best.  I had the black mussels and warm brie for appetizer.  I loved the mussels! Super tasty and the chorizo added a nice touch.  Mouth watering as I'm writing.  The brie was ok.  Not that special.  I ordered ginger margarita but had to send it back.  Quite bitter and not to my liking.  Instead I swapped it out for the Pomegranate Martini. Yum!For entree, I had the Sea Scallops.  The sauce was sweet and went great with the carmalized cauliflower.  I am definitely going to come back to this place.  There is so much more to try!
4	My husband and I have been fans of The Greene House since we first visited there about 5 years ago.  Every time we come to Scottsdale, we make a trip there so that we can have the fish & chips.  Without question, they are the best we've had anywhere and I am a bit of a fish & chips fanatic.  Friends of our came in from Chicago this weekend and I told them about the food there, so they just had to try it.  We ordered the fish and chips and the tuna tartare tacos.  Our friends agreed that the fish and chips were the best and the tacos were excellent as well.  They enjoyed it so much that they wanted to stop there on their way to the airport for lunch!  Their reviews say a lot because one of them is a partner in Sunda in Chicago.  Would give them 5 stars, but the service can be inconsistent.
4	A solid "A". We thought it was great. We (a family of four including 16 and 13 year-old daughters) were in town for spring break in late March and decided to try the Green House as our "farewell vacation dinner".  The hostess staff was a little unorganized but after getting seated the waitress (Jamie) was great and the food was outstanding. We had the scallops, bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin, beef rib, and the house-made pasta dish. All were outstanding. One member of our party has an allergy to nuts and the staff was more than accommodating - the chef even prepared a special order of warm chiabatta bread that was safe to eat as the regular house bread was made off site.  We would definitely recommend the Greene House and will go there again next time we're in Scottsdale.
4	Fantastic location in the middle of the Kierland Commons upscale shopping complex and very nice open patio seating.    While my lunch was good (had the mini Kobe burgers), I was surprised how limited the lunch menu was - only two different sandwiches and two salads.   Maybe it's just me, but I don't really want a full meal at lunch time.     The service was very good and I would go back.
4	I love The Greene House, the only reason I'm giving it less than 5-stars is because of the noise level. That being said, I wish I could do partial stars! This is so very close! I've been here many times and while I haven't had the entrees, I can readily comment on the appetizers.The smoked salmon bruschetta is to die for! Black mussels are plentiful and perfectly cooked every time. Herb hummus is a personal favorite of mine. For a more substantial appetizer, the Warm Brie or Tempura Calamari would be excellent.The wines are delicious from the house white or red to their Sunday special. Great beers too including three locally brewed ones.The wait staff is always friendly and courteous. Again, my only comment would have to be the higher ambient noise level though I may be judging a little harshly based on the size of the place and the proximity of other people at other tables. After all, noise does mean people are having fun, right?  I love this place... 4.8 stars though Yelp won't let me rate it as such.
4	One of my regulars for lunch.  Great salads and salmon.  Try the zucchini chips from nOrth next door; they will gladly fill the request with a separate bill.  Had a very good pasta special one evening.
4	I ate at the Greene House on a Tuesday night around 7pm. It wasn't busy at all which was nice, actually. Since I was traveling for work, I was dining alone.My server (I think her name was Maryann) was excellent. Personable and attentive, she helped me choose a cocktail. I ended up with the Smashed Irishman which was whiskey, lemon juice, mint, honey and a Guinness reduction. It was delicious!Since it was just me, I chose the Smoked Salmon Bruscetta with a side of mac n' cheese (because I can't help myself). The salmon bruscetta had this amazing horseradish sauce on it and was light and fresh but really satisfying. The mac n' cheese tasted like nothing more than penne with velveeta. Not impressed with that.Overall, SUPER pleased with the whole experience. Have been thinking about that bruscetta ever since...
4	All the sexy people in Scottsdale go here...it was jam packed the night we went, and we were lucky enough to get a seat in the bar area.  Cheese plate featured artisanal cheeses (my fave) and the wine selection is outstanding.  Just a super cool place to be for a summer night out.
5	Went back, they appeared to have remodeled and noise level was greatly reduced.  Food, atmosphere, everything still wonderful.  In my first review, I stated "the only reason I'm giving it less than 5-stars is because of the noise level."  As the noise level issue appears to have been rectified, my review is subsequently being modified to reflect this.Last time I was there I had a salmon salad, which was good though in all honesty the salmon was the star of the dish.  I asked the server to please ask the chef how the salmon was cooked so such perfection.  I honestly did not expect for any type of response.  Lo and behold, a gentleman came out and explained the procedure utilized to get that sear and texture without overcooking or under-cooking the salmon.Re: Another reviewer's issue with "soggy fried calamari"It is tempura calamari, which is different from other ways to fry the calamari.  I have never had any issues with sogginess unless I leave it to sit for too long.  Hmm...  Clearly, they prefer Zinc Bistro.  Honestly, I haven't been to Zinc Bistro so I cannot draw a comparison at this time between the two.I will definitely go back as soon as I can to The Greene House -- Oh, loved the recent press on the Chef's high praise, it *is* well deserved!
5	I've been here three times recently for their 1/2 wine bottle special on Sunday nights.  Every time I've had a great experience.This last visit we started with a bottle of Angeline pinot noir.  It was refreshing and started things out on exactly the right note.For dinner I had the braised short ribs.  These babies are tender and melted in my mouth.  Absolutely delicious!The second bottle of wine was a gorgeous Ladera cabernet savignon.  It went perfectly with the short ribs.For dessert the caramel gelato was just right.The decor and service are always first class here.  I can't wait to come back soon.
3	Meh.... I had high expectations for this joint and it sadly didn't cut the mustard.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our party, who had changed the reservation size twice and showed up late (oops!  we accidentally went to the Scottsdale Quarter).  My party enjoyed the prix-fixe meals for Restaurant Week.  The appetizers were certainly the highlight here-- baked brie, hummus, and calamari.  Each was tasty, had a unique twist:  the brie was accompanied with garlic and cherries and the hummus was topped with tomatoes, feta, and cucumbers.   The dinner portions were small and sufficient. I personally like salt, so the salty scallop dish didn't bother me.  However, another diner in our group took issues with the overly salty dish.  The chocolate cake was not worth the calories.  I'm a HUGE Fox Concept restaurant fan, but Greene House didn't do it for me.  Go next door (literally) to North or to the Scottsdale Quarter to True Food Kitchen for a better Fox dining experience.
4	4 stars overall, 3 stars food. The service was outstanding. Friendly and attentive, couldn't ask for more from a casual place. Menu was solid, with some great new American dishes, classic combos and good flavors. Nothing risky, well cooked and excellent presentation.Space was well appointed and "comfy". Quiet enough to have conversation without raising your voice and if the weather is right, outdoor seating.
5	I have been here several times over the past two years.  I really love the food and the service is always professional, but not stuffy.  I would recommend as a great place to go and sit outside.
4	When I want a solid meal at a reasonable price, this place never dissapoints.  The food is always fresh and inventive, I like how they search for fresh items and then build a dish around that.  Just a good easy going place.
4	50% off wine on Sundays. Sold! I have been a couple of times and the service and food is ALWAYS fabulous. There hummas is some of the best that I have ever had. If you are ever in the area on a Sunday evening, run to The Greene House! The have a special on wine all day long and believe me, when you are catching up with a girlfriend, wine and appetizers go hand in hand. Plus they don't kick you out when you are the last patrons in the restaurants. Heck we were even able to order dessert as they were cleaning and they did it without batting an eye and with smile, even though they were truly ready to go :)
4	The Greene House is very good. Their atmosphere and outdoor patio is one of the best things about this restaurant. I took my husband there for his birthday & had the Fresh Pasta & Shrimp - soo good! The only thing my husband didn't like so much was his entree was a somewhat small to medium sized portion for a grown man.
4	Stopped here on a Sunday afternoon business lunch - stumbling into 1/2 price wine Sunday!  That's a nice way to start off the conversation!  Difficult to write a truly detailed review as we just had salads and sandwiches.  (The Asian Chicken salad was very tasty, but a little shy on chicken, and not very Asian!)  That said, we sat on the patio, enjoyed a nice Pinot Noir at a reasonable price, and soaked in the ambiance of the trendy little faux-neighborhood that IS the shopping district in this part of Scottsdale.  Looks like some great menu choices had we been looking for a more substantial meal.So why the four stars?  Well, service was excellent, the food was tasty, and the ambiance was really quite lovely.  Would go back if in the area and had an excuse to do so!
4	Why eat here when there's a Cheesecake Factory a few steps away? That's exactly why. Step out of your shell, my little Banana-Republic-Crate-and-Barrel shopper. There's a whole new world of individuality out there.Even though this joint is part of Fox Restaurant Concepts mega-conglomerate, it is a unique place to try. I've been a few times on visits to Scottsdale and each time I leave with a smile on my face. Good "California style cuisine" according to their signage that pleases this Californian.Mahi tacos: yum! Trout: Delish! Their servers: So this is where the male models work when they aren't in a photo shoot.
4	In general, I'm not a big fan of the Fox Restaurants but both times I have been to The Greene House, I have been happy with my meal and service.  We had the Kobe sliders, a Grilled Chicken Club with Tavern Ham and Avocado, and a salad.  All of us enjoyed our meals and the service was VERY good in the bar area.  I was very impressed by our server - she was quick and attentive.  Service really makes all the difference for me.  $75 for 4 of us for lunch - a little expensive considering we weren't drinking.
4	Had the tortilla soup for a starter- awesome! Wife had an Asian Salad and enjoyed it. I had the skirt steak on top of some veggies. Would def get it again. For dessert had the rum cake, it was good but not warm all the way through. They needed to heat it longer.Overall a nice restaurant and we enjoyed it. We like the Kierland area and walking around before or after dinner.
4	Once again Sam Fox has done it again. Great location, great atmosphere and diverse menu. Service was attentive but not overbearing. I had the ribeye and it was good. A bit overdone which was disappointing. The salad that came with it was delicious. I would recommend The Greene House.
2	It's a good thing that the food here was decent; otherwise this place would have gotten zero stars. I went here with 3 other people and was told that we'd have a 20 minute wait. After those 20 minutes were up and we still weren't seated, someone told us that the high top tables were first come, first serve, so we decided to sit there instead. BIG MISTAKE! Once we sat down, we were basically ignored and had to flag down our waitress anytime we needed anything. After we ordered our food, it took nearly 45 minutes to get our meal, which, after all of that, was completely wrong. At least one thing on everyone's plate was incorrect, and when we asked what took so long, instead of just apologizing, our waitress AND the manager both had two excuses that made absolutely zero sense. The first one was, "Well, Scottsdale Quarter is closed". (It wasn't). And the second one was, "We were trying to locate french fries". (I still can't stop wondering what that means, but it was a good thing they did end up "locating" them because they are the reason this review gets its 2 stars and they were delicious). Not only did they make up those strange excuses, but they were 0% apologetic for anything and basically refused to acknowledge that they had done anything wrong. They gave us a coupon for a free appetizer on our next visit which I'm sure won't be used.
4	These guys didn't bat an eye when I asked for a table for one. (Oh, lonely business trips.)The restaurant's supposed to be in a California style. Having lived in California for five years, I didn't think they got it exactly right, but I could see what they were going for. The decor was fresh and clean but unromantic. The clientele seemed to be either business people or families, and it was crowded but I was seated right away. They have a nice outdoor seating area.I found the service quick and unobtrusive (they let me read my book in peace but kept my water filled), and I ordered the seared ahi tuna with a New Zealand sauvignon blanc. The entree was almost perfect. Everything was delicious, but part of the fish was overcooked. Seared should be just seared, and one of the ends had been cooked almost all the way through. Other than that, though, the flavors were fantastic, the fish was fresh, and I plan to come here again the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
3	My friend decided to she wanted to try this place out for one of her birthday meals. She made reservations though we didn't need them since it was pretty empty at 6 on a Wednesday. My first thought when I walked inside.."this is cute!". We wanted to sit outside so luckily they had heat lamps hanging above almost every table, it was perfect and cozy. We both ordered the grilled chicken club; our server was very attentive and we got our food pretty fast. In an attempt to be "healthy" instead of fries I ordered mixed greens with the sandwich. It looked great when it came out though I felt like the plate looked a little empty... like it was missing something. Surprisingly the sandwich was delicious! I thought it was going to be a mediocre bland chicken breast but the chicken and cheese, avocado, bacon and other ingredients worked great together. The salad was pretty good too; it was tossed with some sort of vinaigrette. My friend had a voucher for a comp birthday dessert so she ordered the cinnamon and sugar donut..it was good, but not great.It seems like a great place for a dinner with family or a business meeting.
5	My sister and I had a really lovely lunch here the week before Christmas.  The hostess noted that I was wearing dark denim and gave me a black napkin as she seated me so I wouldn't leave with white lint on my jeans.  What service!We had the brie appetizer, two different salads, and split the blueberry cobbler.  All were excellent.  We went back just to try the lemon meringue pie the next day as carry out and it did not disappoint! If you're staying at the Westin across the street, this place is better in terms of service, pricing, and food quality than the couple restaurants I tried on the hotel grounds.
2	I would never write that the food here is "bad", but it certainly wasn't anything to remember.  The dishes are a bit overpriced for the quality and quantity of food.  If you are looking for a special night out with great food, I'd direct you to NoRTH, which is directly....South of The Greene House, and also owned by Fox.
4	Delicious fish & chips served in a cheerful cafe atmosphere by pleasant waitstaff made for a lovely lunch. Worth the wait and parking challenges.
2	We went here on Sunday for to celebrate a birthday.  We saw and liked the menu and picked this place.  Well, nothing to write home about and no creativity what so ever in any of the foods plus very small portions for the entrees.  My friends had salads which was just okay nothing great about them just average - the Cheescake factory has much better salads and they are located right down the street. We love Brie, so we ordered the brie appetizer which was just okay nothing wow.  Picazzo's in scottsdale has a much better brie app.  I had the ricotta gnocchi with sweet potatoes which were hard and it was bland, not creative and just basic.  Nothing to rave about at all, the food was just okay not worth the price tag and we will not be going back.  I like food which tastes good, not something with no flavor. .  avoid this place if you want real good food.
4	Great calimari. Ahi tuna was very yummy. Great service too. Tuna tartare tacos were awesome, order 2!Another Sam Fox hit !
4	Took some clients here last night and really enjoyed the experience. Cool vibe, very good food, and excellent service.Highly recommend the Trout or the Scallops.The one downside was the fact that the wine is served room temperature. The restaurant is open-air and it was warm last night, so the wine was warm. Aside from that, well worth the trip.
5	always a good experience, good service and ambiance is quiet and calm.  perfect for business lunch or break from the madding crowds.  everything i've had here has been excellent.
4	This place has amazing food.
1	I really enjoy writing reviews praising a place for great food, service, ambiance, and value, or any combination of these. Unfortunately, this isn't one of those reviews. This is a fish story... No, not about the big one that got away. Nor is it about the time I was fly fishing with my dad and had to rescue him because he stepped in a deep hole and sank when his waders filled with water.... this is about the trout that saved the day.When my wife and I arrived at the Greene House, it was earlier in the evening, still happy hour, though we were there for dinner not appetizers. Checked-in with the hostess and were quoted a  quoted 30-45 minute wait for a table. We knew the place was popular so weren't upset with the wait as we were looking forward to a wonderful dinner.Went to the bar to order wine and that's when our disappointment started. We were sitting in plain view at the edge of the bar facing the entry and there were TWO bartenders,  In spite of this, in the 15 minutes we waited, occasionally waving and saying "excuse me" to get the bartenders' attention, we never even got so much as a Hi, and certainly not an opportunity to order a drink.I had only just told my wife I wasn't willing to wait another 15-30 minutes wine free when the hostess pleasantly surprised us by saying a table was ready. Our relief was short lived however.After being seated, it was approximately 5 minutes before our server came to the table. We ordered wine and water.Our wine and water came NINE minutes later... a total of over 30 minutes since we entered the restaurant before we received our first beverage.We skipped an appetizer, planning ahead for dessert, and for our entree ordered Rainbow Trout with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries.Approximately 15 minutes later, our SIDE of Truffle Parmesan Fries showed up... sans trout. When asked about the missing trout, she said it'd be a few more minutes because the kitchen was backed up. When asked why she brought the side of fries, she said she thought we wanted them first, a leap of logic that totally escaped us. When our server said she could take the fries back "to keep them warm until our trout was ready", my wife and I looked at each other in amazement and made a spontaneous decision that given we were now STARVING, our original side of fries would serve us better as a hot appetizer than as a reheated side with dinner.Finally, a few minutes after our Truffle Parmesan Fries were gone, our trout arrived. As I indicated in the begining, it saved the day. The fish was fresh, perfectly prepared and exceptional.As good as the trout was however, is wasn't good enough to make us ever return to the Greene House. There is no reason any customer should suffer through such slow and uninspired service when there are at least a dozen restaurants within a 2 mile radius of this one (much less dozens more throughout the Phoeniz metro area), that are SIGNIFICANTLY more enjoyable. Spend your hard earned money somewhere else
3	This is the 3rd Fox restaurant I have eaten at and it was ok. My fave is still Culinary Dropout, mmmm fried chicken... but I digress. The restaurant has a very calming atmosphere and on a Sunday afternoon was packed! I'm sure that had nothing to do with half price bottles of wine. The service was solid, the pricing about average as was the food. All we had were salads but the food being taken to other tables looked appetizing, especially the little tacos. I had the green salad and it tasted like Caesar salad but with some pistachios in it. I was hoping that because it had other "green" veggies in it the dish would have been hearty. I guess in the scheme of things the salad I had contained a few less calories than a Caesar and after half a bottle of wine in the middle of the day I shouldn't complain. My biggest complaint is that there is no restroom. There is a public restroom outside that is shared by, what I assume, the other 3 restaurants in the vicinity and everyone else that happened to be strolling by in that part of the mall. Having to wait so long to use the facilities was a turn off especially since public restrooms aren't maintained as well as ones in the place of business.  I would probably go back for half price wine bottles but try to sit on the patio.
4	We were lucky enough to try this place on a beautiful spring evening when the walls were open tom the outside. Beautiful ambience. The fish taco plate was perfectly sized, satisfying without being overwhelming.  We also very much enjoyed the fondue appetizer.  Would definitely return!One suggestion, some Arizona wines on the menu would be nice. given the proximity to the Westin, it would be a great opportunity to showcase some fellow local businesses.
4	This place was great! Scottsdale is not my usual stomping ground so I went based on a recomendation and was not dissapointed. I had the beet salad which was delicious and a side of fingerling potatoes. I am very picky about my fingerlings and these were prepared perfectly! My girlfriend and I shared the pineapple upside down cake for dessert and all I can say is YUM! Definately worth the drive...
5	If we lived here, we'd eat here once a week. Excellent food, excellent value, excellent service.It's too bad the Fox group doesn't expand the Greene House concept outside of Scottsdale - this would work well in Austin and other cities.
4	My friend and I enjoyed dinner during restaurant week here the other night. We made a reservation which I recommend doing. We got a great table outside and got to people watch.We had a 3 course meal for $40 and it was delish. I started with the Arugula Salad which was a really nice size. Then for my entree I had the Sea Scallops with Caramelized Cauliflower, Snap Peas & Bacon. The 2 long crispy strips of bacon were so good when cut up and in my mouth with the scallop. And I've never seen such little snap peas. They were an inch long. Didn't care for the cauliflower, but I still ate some of it. My friend got the fillet and it was really juicy and well prepared.OK, and lastly dessert was so good. If you love chocolate like I do, you must get the Spike's Chocolate Bars of Sin. took at my pictures and you can see how awesome it is. The bottom is like a nestle crunch bar with mouse on top and then covered in a crispy chocolate shell. We also had the Pineapple Rum Cake, but it was nothing compared to the Bars of Sin.Our server told us we can get this dessert at Bloom too and we have 1 in Colorado.
4	My friend and I have a list of places we want to try and this was on it. We went on a Saturday and had no problem being seated. Our server was great. He helped us with recommendations since it was our first time there. We started off with the Snoqualmie Riesling and it was delish. We then split a salad and a sandwich. The salad was roasted beet and the sandwich was the kobe burger and fries. Both were good and cooked to our specs. I would go again and try some other things on the menu.
3	Let me start by mentioning that I am a huge fan of Sam Fox restaurants. I usually find myself giving them four stars and the lone five star for Bloom that is now gone. The Greene House used to be one of my favorites and on our regular rotation, but we stopped going frequently when I found the menu items not worthy of the prices, particularly at dinner. And the past couple of times we went, I could barely find anything on the menu that even sounded appetizing to me.Having said that, there is nothing inherently bad about The Greene House. They have a beautiful wine by the glass list, and some amazing cocktails. The pink and Greene martini was out of this world delish and served as my dessert too!  Hubby started with the tuna tartare tacos, which were presented in mod fashion.  He enjoyed them immensely.  He followed that up with the seared ahi tuna entree which, too, came artfully presented, with a huge mound of ahi.  I was surprised.  Not as tender and flavorful as he had hoped. (I have to keep reminding him that seared ahi is nothing like sashimi ahi, which is buttery and melts in your mouth.)  Satisfying but not blown away.  Usually, I like to pick an appetizer for my starter and an appetizer for my dinner, but I was hard-pressed to find even one this particular night so I opted to order the sea scallops with caramelized cauliflower, snap peas and bacon. What I received was five teeny-tiny sea scallops, lots of baby snap peas cut on the bias, charred cauliflower and one piece of bacon.  The scallops were tender and flavorful, the rest were useless garnish as far as I was concerned. We paid a lot of money for five scallops!The host was genuine and welcoming when we arrived, seating us promptly in our desired area as we booked on Open Table and specified where we wanted to sit. Service was okay, nothing spectacular from our waiter. On the up side, I love the Greene House patio, especially the side adjacent to the main dining room.  If you get there too early, you will get some serious sun as it sets in the evening sky, but it is one of my favorite patios in the area (along with the one at Bar North). It has great people watching and catches a nice breeze on hot desert nights. Saturday nights are especially happening when Kierland Commons has a band playing.  Full tummy (even if the food is just okay), nice walk around the center, and fun music makes for a great evening.
4	Clients of mine said they'd like to take me to lunch, saying, "Bonnie, you pick the place."  Kierland was sort of in the middle, so I said, "How about The Greene House."  Wise pick on my part.   I had the turkey on grilled flat bread.  The bread was very tasty; seemed flavored, not like the bland flat bread I've had in the past, and, yes, it is grilled.  The turkey and lettuce was delish.  I would have liked there to be more turkey than lettuce, though.  It felt a little like a salad in a sandwich.   Considering it was so tasty, I won't complain about that.  The parmesan fries on the side were hot off the fryer.  The sandwich was definitely good regardless of the amount of lettuce.   My clients had The Greene House Salad.  Well named.  Everything about it was green.  She said it was very good, and she liked the combination of flavors.   Another had the iceberg wedge salad.  I must admit, I'm not an iceberg lettuce kind of gal, but she really liked it.    Lastly, the fourth order was the Asian Chicken Salad.  He said it was quite tasty.  It looked as though it had the right amount of chicken and other ingredients.   The service was fantastic.  I think the manager even came over and asked how we liked everything.  Nice touch on a busy work day lunch.
3	I agree with Ellen J.  I too am a huge fan of Sam Fox restaurants, but am starting to wonder if they are going downhill. We are a huge fan of Blanco in Tucson; can't stand Blanco in Scottsdale. But we were talking about The Greene House. I have been here twice now. Had the same thing both times. The Mahi tacos. They were great the first time, good the second time. My husband and I actually wanted to split an order of fish and chips but, despite lengthy conversation with our server and the manager, it didn't work out for us to do this. Apparently it is a very cumbersome procedure here to split an order of fish and chips. They are only three pieces of fish so they would have had to have cut the third piece in half. Apparently there is no easy way to add a fourth piece of fish. Plus there is a $2 split fee. Did I mention the fish and chips are $15?!Our daughter is a vegetarian and, at our server's suggestion ordered some pasta with shrimp added. It was excellent, but imagine our horror at the $19 price tag when we got the bill!Our nine-year old granddaughter ordered chicken strips. They don't have a children's menu and, I am not sure in what dish these chicken strips are used, but they were dreadful! She only ate one of them (there were four). I ate one just to try it and can only say they were for the most part inedible. They were batter fried and the batter was not at all crisp. The chicken itself had no flavor.Regarding the "decor." Vinyl covered chairs. I mean come on. The whole place needs to be given a makeover. It is not at all upscale and not what one expects in such a high end area as Kierland. Our lunch ended up costing $70 for three adults and one child, excluding tip. Admittedly this did include one glass of wine and one beer. Despite having brought our dissatisfaction with the chicken strips to the manager's attention, no offer was made to remove the cost from our bill.  I admit I am very picky when it comes to restaurants. Regardless, because there are so many other restaurant choices in the area, sadly we won't be back . .
3	I love love love, did I mention LOVE fox concept restaurants?  Having said that, I have to admit I was a bit disappointed by the menu and this location in general.It was just mediocre.  nothing about it was bad and nothing about it was good.  If I were in the area again I might go in depending on my mood.  At this location, probably not, I would rather go to North.  Also Fox but DAMN GOOD. Service was fair to average.  Same with food.
5	I just ate here for my second time and I love the menu! It is your basic city type menu but between the atmosphere of the restaurant and the many different choices on the menu that i would be happy with, I JUST LOVE THIS PLACE.
3	First time for dinner. Recommended by sister-in-law who has visited during lunch hours. Average at best. Had the pork tenderloin. Ordered it medium, came well done. Must have forgotten the horseradish in the potatoes because they were bland as can be. Mushroom and asparagus were forgettable. Service was so so. Deemed themselves with great desserts.
3	Great place for lunch! Salads are awesome!
4	Reliably good food at reasonable prices - for the Scottsdale area.  In other towns it would be the five-star out-standing restaurant.  The food is California-American. My salmon dinner was nicely prepared and presented; service was excellent for a busy Saturday evening.
3	My wife and I decided to go here for dinner.  Atmosphere is relatively busy and there is available outdoor seating. The decor is average at best but forgettable for the most part.  Service was friendly and adequate.  I ordered a draft beer and my wife ordered a martini. She really liked her martini ($11).  My draft beer ($5) was served in a 16oz pint glass but only filled to about 12oz. I guess that's how they roll here but you can't help feeling shorted.  The menu is 'California Cuisine' and the prices are on the higher side (e.g., $14 hamburger, $20-30 entrees). My wife ordered a salad and and added chicken (a $4 surcharge) and I ordered the scallops.  Flavors were OK but nothing extraordinary.  Very small portion sizes.  Scallops were $24 and included 5 scallops, 1 strip of bacon, and maybe 10 miniature snap peas.  Overall, a very expensive yet forgettable meal.  If you're really hungry you may end up leaving that way unless you're just used to quasi-European sized portions.   We've been to several Fox restaurants and have started to notice a theme of expensive food, average flavors, small portion sizes.
4	Great green tea:)
4	Great place to sit out on the patio and enjoy a great, flavorful lunch.  I enjoyed the chicken club for lunch yesterday and wasn't disappointed...so very good and the fries were addicting as well!  Good service, great patio and great food!
4	Popped in here on a business trip with a few coworkers and really enjoyed it.  Everything is decently priced, the menu is broad without being mediocre, and the ambiance was warm and inviting.  My group really enjoyed the fondue, fries, flatbread sandwich, and the ribs.  Watch out though - the portions are massive!
1	Horrible main courses.  Decent salads and desert.  I had the short rib which was very tough with NO flavor.  My wife ordered the trout which was recommended by the server and it was so bland and flavorless that she sent it back.  In its place, she ordered the salmon appetizer which was smoked salmon on very greasy potato pucks -awful!  The beet salad and wedge salad were pretty good, as we're the chocolate bar and the donut desserts.  However, I would not return to this place again.
4	Fresh food. Enjoyed outside eating.
4	Been here twice for lunch. Love the hummus app and the salmon salad  & Chinese chicken salad. Servers are very attentative and atmosphere is great inside and out!  This is my fav fox restaurant.
4	Love The Greene House. Especially the Sunday special with half off bottles of wine!The fish + chips is to die for. So so good. And, just about every single appetizer on the menu is delicious!
5	EverythIng was great - service,food, price, ambiance.  My wife had ahi tuna and I had rainbow trout.  Both were excellent.
4	Love the green house!!!! Fabulous Brie!!!!!!!!!!
4	Pretty good eats for lunch. Had the mahi tacos. Good portion and great flavor. Don't miss the white wine sangria. YUM!
5	Just ate there last night with my girlfriend, and it was AWESOME!!!  The braised short rib flakes off as you push down with your fork, the cocktails are great, and even their take on a fish taco has its own novel nuances.
5	Terrific place!  The fish tacos were perfect as was the service.  The atmosphere was quiet enough to have a business conversation.  A bit hard to find as the place is tucked well into a shopping area.  I will be back.
1	Food is bland! This is the 2nd time here... The worst among the fox concept restaurants. Never coming back. Go North instead!
4	I'm a fan of Greene and Greene architecture. And I loved that the design of this restaurant was like being in a Greene and Greene bungalow. And the food was delicious. Creative enough without being just plain old weird. The atmosphere was nice even if a little loud. The wait staff was attentive and friendly. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
3	Greene House has a 3.5 star average on 148 reviews and that seems, frankly, a little high. In fact, I considered giving the place a lower rating just to overly screw the the cumulative results, but I am not going to exploit Yelp's system to further push my own beliefs onto others (take note Yelp Elite committee).After a lunch date with orders of potstickers, kobe burger + potatoes au gratin, mahi tacos, and a donut, the three most memorable items were the potatoes, drinks (berry lemonade is good), and John Mayer walking past our patio table. As others have mentioned, the service is good and the restaurant is as nice as any other Fox joint but, considering it is a FRC, the menu just comes off as lazy. In fact, looking back, it seems like Greene House is the result of an intern coming in and designing a restaurant after seeing what FRC has done with their other places. Swing and a miss. When we get back to the Commons, we will likely try the other restaurants.
2	Our first Fox restaurant was Sauce, which we like very much and continue to go back for both lunch and dinner.Since then, it's been mostly down hill. We have been to Blanco twice, North once and now The Greene House.  My feeling with each of these places is that they're one or maybe two food items good.  The rest is just m'eh!  Clearly the Fox group knows how to make a very good, flavorful taco. Four Stars good, both here and at Blanco. As for the rest of the story, to paraphrase Paul Harvey....  We came here yesterday for a light lunch. I spotted the Tuna Tartar tacos on the menu and knew I had to try them.  At the time, I hadn't seen any of the posted pictures on Yelp. Too bad .The tacos were three tiny, minuscule things about three inches wide.  Our server did try to warn us they were small and asked if I wanted a fourth?  Sure, I said. So three tiny tacos for $13.00 and the fourth for $4.50. Were they good?  Yes. Were they better than the ones down the street at Tommy Bahamas? Sadly no. My lunch partner had their Fish and Chips for $15.00 and was very unimpressed.  "Bland and nothing special, mushy and greasy" were his exact words.The lunch bill for two came to $38.75, along with one Iced Tea.  A little pricey for a Two and Half Star experience.. Sorry!
5	I'm really surprised at the reviews here. This place is fantastic. A great location. Awesome food. I've eaten half the menu and everything except the gnocchi has been way above average. The herb hummus appetizer is great, too.
3	I ordered a salad and that was good. My friend had the braised rib and it was yummy. Braised rib must be a common dish in this area as they have it on a few menus at the restaurants in the area. We ordered a couple of desserts that were good. Service was lacking. I know we were sitting in the bar area, but waited forever to order after we said we needed one more minute.
4	It's fresh and light yet super filling. Taste was delicious and much different than previous FOX restaurants I've been to. Brother really enjoyed the pork filet dish? which came decently sized and filled him up. I stuck with a salad that needed a LOT of work on presentation but their garlic truffle fries definitely made up for it. Also...their tacos for appetizer...fat siblings for the win.
4	Great food, attentive waitstaff and wonderful vibe.  Everything I've had here is good and they care about the dining experience.It's a favorite!
3	My parents live nearby and like this place so we figured to enjoy the pleasant weather after completing some errands. To that end, we grabbed a bar table next to a large open window and a shortened our wait. Decent atmosphere overall in Greene House, but the food was underwhelming. I wouldn't return. The calamari disappointed everyone - at least half of the dish was fried vegetables! I'm ok with sweet potatoes and green beans, but not in place of calamari. My burger was overcooked to well done though I'd asked for medium. Additionally, the bun could not hold its own and disintegrated. The fries were decent at least. My parents liked their soft tacos and salad, the latter of which was tossed without an excessive amount of dressing. That's a plus for any restaurant in a shopping complex.
5	I had the pleasure of being taken here, Mother's Day, and from the greeting at the entrance to the farewell at our conclusion, it was apparent, the Greene House follows the protocols of hospitality.   The restaurant is very aesthetic and the staff, exceptional.  Our waiter was professional and I cannot emphasize enough, enthusiasm and being part of a positive experience makes anything that follows exemplary.  The food from appetizers to desert, was fantastic.  Subtle and complimented flavors, well prepared and, in the case of the pasta dish I enjoyed, enough to share.  A great occasion, experience and memory.
4	My hubby and I met some good friends at The Greene House last night for dinner at 6:30 p.m.  After reading the recent reviews on Yelp, I was a bit skeptical to try this place to try this place.  So glad we did!   I could not have been more pleased!   We were seated very quickly inside at a table for four at the window.  This was perfect as we love to people watch.  Kierland Commons is a great place to do just that!Our table started with the hummus app. which was great!  Everyone had something different for their entree.  Our table had the tuna tacos, the fillet, the shrimp pasta as well as the bacon wrapped tenderloin.  We also shared a Mac & Cheese for the table. Not one complaint!  Everyone was very happy.  The stir fry veggies with my fillet were delish!  We wrapped up our dinner with the donut dessert (easy to share for four after a big meal).  The service was also wonderful and attentive.  Our server, Renee, never let our wine glasses get empty and we never wanted for anything.   She was fantastic and very nice!  Bottom line is you have to judge places for yourself.  Last night was good company, good atmosphere, good food and good service.  We could not have been happier!After dinner went next door to North to have a night cap and watch the end of the basketball game.  Alex, the bartender at North, was terrific fun and made a wonderful martini for me based on my preferences!  He seemed to enjoy whipping it up as much as I enjoyed drinking it!  Thumbs up to Fox Restaurant Concepts!  We will be back!
2	Hot! stupid, slow.  Lame. Poor management. Hot. Hot. Hot. This is Arizona. Get a fan. The misters were turned off at sunset. The temp was 100 plus degrees. There is a happy medium., Fans! They were invented a billion years ago.  We sweat like pigs In a slaughterhouse. This is a typical Sam Fox restaurant. How do you miss the obvious? The extremely obvious.  The insanely in your face obvious.  Designed by idiots.  It is equivalent of no heat in Chicago. Does anyone have a brain with this dumb chain?
5	My husband and I ate here for the first time over Memorial Day Weekend and we loved it! We started with the pot stickers and they were really good. Then we had the house made pasta dish and a nice bottle of wine. It was the perfect end to our long weekend. We loved the fresh, seasonal ingredients and our waiter was very friendly and seemed to enjoy discussing food which, we LOVE!!
3	I've been to The Greene House quite a few times and I'm extremely torn on the review, hence the 3 star rating. I think the decor is really nice as its low key and I like the layout of the restaurant. We've never had an issue with service here which is great because that is one of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to dining out. In my opinion the food is inconsistent from a flavor standpoint. Sometimes they hit the mark (salads, tacos, fish & chips), and others, like the last meal I ate there (Parmesan Gnocchi) just don't. It was pretty bland, sauce and all, so I had to add quite a bit of seasoning with salt and pepper to amp it up.As my friend Eric once said, "Butter and salt are the reasons the food tastes so good at your favorite restaurant." Seasoning is key and Greene House just missed the mark for me on my last experience. However, I will be back to give GH another shot...60% isn't a failing grade and I know for a fact there are things I do really enjoy about this place.
1	We have had good experiences here before.....but this time, they would not seat a party of 4 three minutes after closing time.  We went down the street to Zinc Bistro who said no problem.........sure you can dine with us!
4	I am a big fan - and a regular. Bar side service is great and prices are very reasonable .
4	5 checkin's here - need I say more . Bar side service is quick and easy - awesome Martini's..
4	I'm a foodie from Chicago so I was told to check out the FRC places. I have started with Greene house. I was lucky enough to have an amazing server named Mel. He was extremely knowledgeable on basically everything. I would def suggest the Pink & Greene martini. It may have been one of the best martinis I have had in a while. I would skip the horseradish potatoes. Good but not great. Def try the fish tacos. They are tapas size and super amazing!!
5	The Greene House never fails to exceed my standards of excellent food and service -- (and trust me, my food standards are quite high) and this dining experience was absolutely enjoyable and without exception a wonderful dining experience. Kim, our waitress, was exceptional on service, knowledgeable, and extremely attentive - not only to our table/needs - but also to the other tables she was serving around us (oh yes, I was definitely watching and observing her flawless service to each and every customer she spoke with). She made us feel like we were part of the Greene House family (and if management is reading this, Kim deserves a raise, bonus, pat on the back, free movie tickets, etc). And I'm not sure what it is about the Greene House, but everyone -- and I mean everyone that works here has a smile on their faces! :) Now THAT'S what I like to see -- happy smiling people. So whatever you're doing (management), whether you're spiking their drinks with happy juice or just being plain awesome, it's working! Happy, smiling employees make for happy smiling customers that will be coming back for another wonderful dining experience... Yes, that's me saying "I'll be back" (like in the movie Terminator, lol). So, in short -- Thank You!!! :)
2	My wife and I went to The Green House on 8/22 based on Yelp reviews.  The meal started off great. We ordered the Calamari and the Brie.  We went on our server, Rachel's recommendation regarding the Brie.  It is served with "sour cherries", which we weren't sure would be good.  Rachel actually got us a sample of the sour cherries and we liked it and gave the Brie a try.  It was oddly presented by having small mounds of roasted whole garlic, whole sour cherries and whole nuts on the plate with the Brie.  It was served with toasted bread, which was excellent, but it was odd to put brie with a whole garlic clove, whole cherry and whole nut.  It would have been better served as spreads that could be put on top of the Brie.On to dinner... on Rachel's recommendation I ordered the fresh pasta with tomatoes and shrimp.  It was excellent!!  My wife ordered the Fish Tacos, which Rachel told us was a lunch portion.   We thought it odd that the dinner menu offered lunch portions but she ordered it.  When it came, it was two rather small tortillas with a small portion of Mahi and a HUGE helping of Cole slaw on each tortilla.  It was way too much Cole slaw to the point where she couldn't even pick up the taco!!!   And when she finally tasted it, she couldn't even taste any fish, it was ALL Cole slaw!!!  We enjoyed a few drinks during dinner, but felt like we had to find Rachel a number of times.  We were going to get after dinner drinks, but when Rachel couldn't be found for 10+ minutes after offering us the dessert menu, we decided to leave.We wanted a great evening and it started off that way, but it quickly spiraled down.  It was a shame.
4	We stopped in for lunch recently and had a great experience! Salads were fresh, hot bread served, and service was very good! Another Sam Fox restaurant that didn't disappoint!
3	I'm not quite sure why the restaurant is categorized under "salads" and "vegetarian."  I don't know that the menu has any more salad or vegetarian items than most other restaurants.  That aside, I really wanted to love The Greene House, as I have been a supporter of all the other Fox restaurants I've visited.  This one missed the mark for me.  There was nothing unique about the menu and the food was underwhelming.  On the bright side, I thought the decor was nice.  I was particularly excited about trying it out because the description boasted healthy fare.  I figured I couldn't go wrong with the kale salad.  Well, I could...and did!  The salad was swimming in dressing and had the equivalent of a block of cheese in it.  To make matters worse, the flavors in the salad just didn't go well together.  I generally like most salads but this one was bad.  After the bad salad, I threw my health kick to the winds and opted for dessert.  Surely, the restaurant could redeem itself with some sugary goodness.  Eh, not so much.  I tried the pineapple rum cake with vanilla gelato.  What a disappointment.  It tasted like a slightly warmed honeybun with whipped frosting on top.  That might sound appealing to some but I didn't care for it at all.  When I splurge on calories, I want to be blown away!  Sadly, this just wasn't it.  I didn't finish the salad or dessert.The positive side of the visit:  the waitress was awesome.  She was very friendly and attentive.  She suggested a fruit-muddled mojito that was quite yummy.  I'm in no rush to return.
4	Best restaurant meal I've had in a long time. Best kale salad ever. The chic ravioli n arugula was amazing. My diners also had great meals and raved about their meals!!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Kierland. Nice outdoor patio and service is always great. The chicken sandwich is excellent as well as the gnocchi.
3	We had very cute outside table.  Restaurant wssnt busy but took at least 15min get a drinks. We never get bread.  Portions were pretty small.  My beets salad had no dressing and beets tasteless only shrimps was ok. Salmon was good but garnish ed with same beets. And second round of drink came after we psid bills.
3	Just across from banana republic. Menu reminded me of similar items at True Food Kitchen.  This place is nice and great location in Kierland, however, I think the food is tastier at TFK.  Sorry Greene House.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Had turkey pita sandwich and chicken club I think?  Club was better.
2	The calamari is fab.  My wife liked her trout dinner a lot?   My fish and chips were very average.  The reason for the two stars is that this large restaurant shares on out door rest room with Restaurant North.  It is way too small for both places and in the 10-15 times I have been there it is filthy, out o.f soap, out of drying paper and usually has paper and trash all over the floor.  After all the years these places have been open I can't  believe this still exists.Sam Fox needs to get .on this.  It is disgusting!
3	This restaurant is really just medium. It has a great location but I sort of find it very over rated. Portions are tiny for their price and service could be more attentive. It isn't a bad place but there are much better ones around
5	Great as always. We think the menu change is always fun and the service is the best. Our drive is 50 minutes but worth it every time. The Fox Resturant Group has it down concerning what people are looking for in a good meal.
3	My husband and I tried the Greene House for the first time this past weekend. We had a reservation and sat right down. I really liked the ambience of the restaurant, and the waitor was upbeat and friendly. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer, and really enjoyed it. I was really disappointed in my entree, though. I ordered the fish tacos, and they're probably the worst fish tacos I've ever had. Very bland... my husband ordered the meatloaf, and he liked it ok. Unfortunately, our experience wasn't good enough to bring us back to this restaurant.
5	For some reason I thought this was a vegetarian place until a co worker convinced me otherwise.  I have been here twice now.  The food is so good.  I had the Half Crispy Chicken(not actually a half a chicken but so good) and the Mahi Tacos.  Both are really good. I would order them again.  The Doughnut is so good as well.  Don't miss out on that. I repeat, get the doughnut!!!!
4	Went here in the afternoon one day with my mom for lunch. The place is usually busy every time i've walked by but there is a lot of seating so waiting for a table usually isn't that big of a deal. My mom and I didn't have to wait at all thankfully. We sat outside because it was nice out. The have misters and covered shading for the outside seating so that makes up for the weather part. The service was okay. Our waiter was not great on checking up on us but did check up on us to see if we needed anything. The food was very good though. I got a salad and my mom got a sandwich, both were very good. Besides the somewhat slow service I definitely would come back here again!
3	So nice to dine outside. Good service. Good food. Be sure to try the hummus & flatbread appetizer.
3	I am a regular at Kierland Commons and have passed by this place often but never gone in due to its resemblance to my favorite joint next door- North. Today, I realised this place is the only restaurant in the area I have not tried so off I went and dragged two girlfriends along. I reiterate, my favorite joint IS next door- North. This place is average. We had the tacos, rainbow trout, calamari and pineapple rum cake and for eachs of the dishes, I can say I have had better. The service however was good and the patio seating is welcoming. But may be a long while before I am back. There  is North next door.  ;)
4	Love the restaurants in Kierland, they all have their own unique vibe with delectable food. The style and layout of Greenhouse is not what you would normally see in Scottsdale and reminds me of an northeast restaurant on the coast. But this is another great Fox concept! I came here for lunch and tried the chopped kale salad (without corn) and added some protein with chicken. It was delicious and tasted so healthy. My friend had the greenhouse salad, which she gets every time and another good choice. Service is good and portions are on the smaller side compared to the price.Would love to try this place for dinner one night after reading all the entree reviews. Maybe Sunday night with a 1/2 bottle of wine!
4	Nice restaurant, went there during a restaurant promotion, really enjoyed my pasta and everyone in my party liked their choices.  Nice al fresco dining also if you book ahead you can secure a spot on the terrace.
4	Nice appetizers / drinks had the mussels / napa valley sangria Entrees could use more variety pork tenderloin/ fresh pasta is good Desserts were very good - sorbet
4	Enjoyed a group dinner here during recent conference in Scottsdale. We had a range of wonderful appetizers (hummus plate, warm brie, smoked salmon), generous helpings of fresh salad fixings, exquisitely-prepared main dishes (sea scallops, rainbow trout, bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin, atlantic salmon, filet of beef), and decadent desserts of Chocolate Bars of Sin and Caramel Apple Crostada Vanilla Bean Gelato. All served with grace and gusto by a gregarious, attentive waiter who ensured that our wine and food selections were pleasing and timely throughout our visit. Really fun experience & fabulous food in a casual yet elegant atmosphere. Highly recommend!
5	I got the meatloaf and it tasted great. The barbecue sauce and the whipped potatoes tasted amazing. I would recommend this for lunch. Great place!
4	I never knew about the Greene House. Been to the Kierland's many of times but never noticed GH. My son heard about this place and had a lot of friends go here. I wasn't to sure about this place, but anyways we came. The outside seems very inviting with all the outdoor seating. When you first walk in BOOM the bar is right there. Very modern looking with an open kitchen. You can see the cooking preparing all the meals. Interesting. I've read reviews and figured out the fish and chips isn't very good here so marked that one off my list. Didn't try and trust me on this. So I tried the Kobe Burger. Thick juicy huge burger with lettuce, tomato, thick piece of bacon, American Cheese and thousand island dressing. Very tasty. Enjoyed it. Loved the bun too. Very fresh. My wife ordered the Turkey on Grilled Flatbread. It comes with fries or salad and my wife got the salad. She really enjoyed it. She said the turkey was very tasty and had hummus. She put some of her salad in the sandwich and made it really good. Yum yum. My daughter ordered the grilled Mahi tacos. They only give you two tacos. So it's really not enough. Fish was cooked really good. Very moist and tasty. She really enjoyed it but really wasn't enough to satisfy her. So beware. My son had the meatloaf. It was covered with a sweet BBQ sauce on top of mash potatoes with grilled vegetables. He loved it. Said he really liked the BBQ sauce. Very moist and had a really good taste. Gobbled it up. Do I have to say anything more about the meatloaf. I would have to say the service was okay. Not great. Took awhile to take our order and get our food out but the food was worth it. I guess you have to be careful what you order here. It could be a hit or miss. We all enjoyed our meal so it was a hit with our family. Only thing is the meals were a little expensive. Around $14 a plate. I understand the cost since it's in the Kierland's. You pay a little higher premium when dining at the Kierland's. Good food and a nice atmosphere to enjoy a nice meal in the Kierland's. Enjoy.
5	Had a great lunch at Green House today, and sat outside on the perfect day.  The service was very good and the food was fantastic.  We had the ahi tacos for appetizer and they were very good.  I had the fresh pasta and shrimp for lunch and it was fabulous.  The shrimp were jumbo prawns broiled beautifully and the pasta was fresh and delicious.  Others in my party had the Green House Salad and the mahi-mahi fish tacos and they both loved it.  I definitely recommend the Green House for a great lunch.
4	My go to place when I am at Kierland.  Love the warm brie.  The fresh pasta with shimp may sound innocuous, but don't be fooled it may be the best thing on the menu.
5	We went here for my sister's birthday dinner! I had the lemon drop drink (it was delicious) and the mahi tacos. I liked the tacos but what really was out of this world was my sister's side of mac and cheese! I know what I am getting next time! Quaint little restaurant and north is attached to it! I love all of Fox Concepts Restaurants.
4	Dependable.  Always good food, a little pricey but acceptable.  Fair by the glass wine list.  Mostly a good lunch place while shopping at Kierland.  Service is asttentive but not overly so.  A go-to place for me.
5	To begin, our server Brent was phenomenal! The dedication to attending to customer needs was outstanding. This is our favorite place to come to any time of the day, and enjoy the food and good service. Compliments to the chef for awakening our taste palettes, and to the staff for making the dining experience welcoming and great!See you next time when we visit from California.
3	The evening started out great. Seated immediately, waitress knowledgeable and friendly. Bread and bacon butter was yummy, GH Mojitos were fresh & fruity, main course of chicken enchiladas, pork tenderloin and ravioli were all really good. Then it went downhill. No drink refills, no desert menu (except we went and got one from the hostess ourselves), barely cleared plates, all under the watchful eye of the Manager (?) tall worker hovering by the food prep area. Waitress returned when we asked for the bill to explain she got caught up with a table of 10 and couldn't be there to help us. So what. So our food is any cheaper than the other table, or we were just less important.  Left a note on the bill saying we felt ignored. For the price and number of other restaurants in the area, I can't imagine I will go back.
5	The GREENE HOUSE is superb!! My wife and I always enjoy a meal here when we come from Tucson. The atmosphere is very inviting and comforting. The staff is warm and generous with personal attention. Now, the good part: THE FOOD IS EXCELLENT!! We have tried everything on the menu and to honor a single favorite item would take a written novel to express the delicious-ness! Bravo to the GREENE HOUSE!!!
1	We've always loved The Greene House and frequented it when we lived in Scottsdale. We've since moved to Southern California but return every year. This year, we were traveling with friends and were excited to take them to some of our favorite spots. Kierland was close to the hotel we were staying at and it's a nice area to walk around. We were traveling with our two young children but came early and since it was a holiday weekend in summer, the restaurant was not crowded. We were seated quickly. The waiter kindly offered to take our daughters' order and bring bread for them to munch on while we looked over the menu. My three year old started munching on the bread and my husband split a piece of the bread in half for my other daughter. Much to his surprise, there was a rubber band inside! We immediately called the waiter over who apologized, took the bread away, and sent over the manager. The manager explained that they don't make the bread there, he would have a talk with the bakery and apologized profusely. Our kids' food (mac and cheese) was brought out so quickly that it was before the adults had even had their order taken. I mean, not the most ideal situation, but since everything else had been expedient, we figured it was no big deal. We asked about specials and the waiter joked they had rubber band - which kind of rubbed us the wrong way - and then said there were no specials. Our kids were done eating within moments. Our food probably took another twenty to thirty minutes. By then, the kids were ready to leave. They're 4 and 3 and so timing the food to come out early is only helpful if the rest of the food is delivered quickly.  The manager had offered to comp desserts to make up for the rubberband bread and we  had accepted. We decided to ask them to box up the desserts so as to get the kids out of the restaurant. He obliged and we headed out. When we got back to our hotel, and I unpacked the desserts so we could all eat, I realized that not only did he pack any plastic utensils - he packaged up multiple ice cream desserts (IN PHOENIX! IN SUMMERTIME!) for us to take. The packages were covered in melted ice cream and although some of them might have been tasty, we had no way of knowing. The waiter never mentioned that the desserts were cold and perhaps it wasn't the best idea? They didn't offer to comp our drinks or anything else instead. They sent us out with desserts that melted. It was an unfortunate night and sadly, we won't be returning to The Greene House on any of our trips back to Arizona.
4	The Green House is a good place to stop while in Kierland Commons.  My wife and I have been here a few times. Pretty good Happy Hour food specials and the Chocolate Bars of Sin is the best dessert in the Phoenix area.
5	Awesome visit. It was my first time by my wife's second. We already had dinner elsewhere but she insisted we crossed town for their dessert. We were seated promptly on the patio. It was pretty busy in the dining room. Our mission was to have the chocolate bars of sin.Even though we were there just for dessert, our sever was excellent and very attentive. We paired the dessert with some Riesling. OMG - wow, loved the dessert and the music coming from the band playing in the open area a short walk away. Total bill was about $16.I can't wait to come back and try their entrees.
3	It was OK, maybe a little above average. Don't get me wrong--I enjoyed it but I wouldn't go back. Caesar salad lacked any zip. Entree was more of the same.
5	Everything  the waiter recommended was delicious .... The food was amazing
2	Disappointing lunch. Ordered the chicken club sandwich.  Not your normal club. The grilled chicken breast was dry. Worst part was finding a strand of hair in the sandwich halfway through. The rest of the family thought the food was ok. Not the best experience.
2	We opted to try a new place while wandering around Kierland.  We generally like Fox restaurants.  Wow were we impressed. The food was delicious and typical Fox tasty.    But the service...well-not-so-much.  It really sucked.  I'll explain.  We were sat near the bar, against the wall, right next to the thermostat (for those who know the restaurant.) It appears our waiter was working another section and being hidden behind the wall corner, it was difficult to notice us or attend to our needs.  We actually were about to walk out, since it took a good 5-7 minutes for him to greet us.  (While waiting, we both went to the bathroom, one after the other to gauge how much time we waited before someone visited our table.) He at least brought waters but drinks were always empty after that and we had to ask others for soda and tea.  Everyone around us was getting some bread from their waiter/waitress, so we had to ask for it.  The food was great -the meatloaf and the Kobe burger were stupendous.  We also ordered the side of mac-n-cheese for $7.  She wanted a side salad which was nothing but leaves and dressing for $6.  Hmmm.  Really?  Disappointing to say the least.   The crappy service on a $50+ tab, let the waiter with very little tip.  Crappy service ruins the experience.  Even the best tasting food isn't worth it, it you have to ask for drinks and bread and spend $6 for a pile of leaves.  Not sure we will be back.   Great food, crappy services gets this place 2 stars.  I would suggest spending $50 for lunch at Tommy Bahama and let Fox figure out a better service staff.
4	I had Avocado taco and Pork Tenderloin.  Both dishes were well execute.  Not too heavy feeling afterward.  Great services to top it off.
4	Met a group of friends here on a Friday night. Place was busy, but it didn't stop our server from being plenty attentive. She was also helpful on a few menu questions and suggestions. They also have a really good ambiance both inside and on the patio (which is where we sat).The food was good, but I'm just not sold that it's so good/unique/original that it warrants the price that comes with it. While I clearly anticipate the more upscale price tag that comes with anything in the Kierland/Scottsdale Quarter area, it just didn't jump out as 'totally worth it' to me.My personal opinions aside, their food and service were both plenty good and overall it was a positive experience. No objections to going back, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for some classic american cuisine in the area.
5	Went here and we all got Kobe burgers and truffle fries. They were da bomb! Great service and ambiance as well on the patio.
5	I've never had a bad meal here.  Great atmosphere, caring staff, and one of the best half chickens with sweet creamed corn I've ever had.  If you're on a date order a bottle of bubbly (they have one for $42 and it's excellent) have some muscles and potstickers, split a wedge salad and enjoy!  The pineapple upside down cake is a great choice for dessert.  Simple honest food, nuff said.
4	Been here 4 times so far, and the food is always fresh and tasty, service is good and the setting is perfect. We have been here for lunch every time, and I'm looking forward to trying their Sunday wine special and linger on for an afternoon! Great little spot with cute outdoor seating!
5	Don't miss Greenhouse!  The Food and Service are Superior!  We started with the Hummus..... A must have!    Mussels and The Wedge!   Best Mussels I have ever had and the dipping sauce was irresistible !!!  Just ask for Perry....  He will take great care of you!   Bon Appetite  :)
4	I really enjoy going to the restaurant.  The food is always great and the dessert we had recently were amazing.  The location is great though we all know parking can be tricky there but I have never had a bad experience.  The last time I was there I got the chicken and prosciutto ravioli, the time prior to that it was the salmon with fingerling potatoes and it was simplistic but amazing.  Check it out.
2	Three of us had lunch there this week. Service was extremely slow and we were after the lunch rush. Bartender  (very nice and professional) was our server, but think the problem was food slow to come out of the kitchen.Two of us got fish and chips. Fries were cold and fish was just ok. Has been much better in the past. Got the calamari/veggies for app and it was awful. Greasy and all stuck together in a big pile.Many other choices in the shopping center and Scottsdale Quarter that are consistent and better for the price.
4	Sometimes a girl just needs a salad! And when that time comes, I love the salads at The Green House. Situated right amongst the fabulous shops in Kierland, The Green House is perfect lunch spot during a shipping trip. I really loved the wine list too, the Pinot Grigio went perfect with the Kale salad I ordered. The service was super fast and very friendly. Definitely recommended!
5	Our fave restaurant - pasta , scallops and ravioli rock ! Appetizers- have the tuna tartare tacos , or the hummus . Dessert don't miss the bars of sinGreat ambience , friendly folks it's a wonderful place
5	Excellent Yellowtail appetizer and chicken enchiladas. Great atmosphere and food experience. Service at 12noon was slowed by a large crowd but it's better to be busy than empty at lunchtime. Patience is worth every bite.
4	I love the Greene House, always our "go to" when we want great food and reasonable Scottsdale prices.  The ahi tacos are the best starter and the crispy chicken or any house made pasta is perfect.
4	The food is wonderful and the atmosphere is up beat. My favorite dish is the meatloaf very tasty. The prices are reasonable considering its location. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	This place has something for everyone, and is really lovely. It's fairly pricey, but that's to be expected for its location. Last time I went, I got the salmon salad - it wasn't necessarily what I was expecting. They use butter lettuce which really is delicious, but otherwise it was a piece of salmon on the bed of greens. I suppose it's minimal and healthy, but it didn't warrant the price. There were other really good looking menu items coming out to tables nearby, and the wait staff was fantastic.
4	I like how "California" has become restaurant code for "portions that are made for actual people, rather than gigantic monsters." Everything on our inaugural visit to The Greene House was flavorful and thoughtful, and it didn't make me want to be wheelbarrow'd out of there!Every time I'm in Kierland I note how this place (like most Fox RCs) is busy and say I need to try it. I'm glad we did, and I can see why it's so popular! The interior is comfy and welcoming and makes you want to just stay a while. We started with the hummus, which had my favorite mode of transportation for dip-to-mouth: grilled pita. Char marks just make everything taste so much better. The herby feta/tomato topping was a tasty touch. For entrees, I chose the fresh pasta (they had me at "melted tomatoes") while boyfriend chose the crispy half chicken. Both plates were a perfect dinner portion and really delicious. The tomatoes, spinach and cheese of my obviously prepared in-house pasta sound basic, but were executed in a sublime way. I know I'm waxing poetic about a simple pasta dish, but I really wish restaurants would understand the "less is more" way of operating. Boyfriend said his food was delicious, and I stole a bite of the creamed corn--whoa!!Since you're not shoved into a food coma here, you get to try dessert! One word: doughnut. Do it. Warm, sugary/cinnamony doughnut (with doughnut hole!), side of two dipping sauces. Oh, those dipping sauces? Some sort of vanilla cream concoction and a strawyberry jam situation. Done. Devoured. MAGIC!I'm really glad The Greene Room is close to home. It's outstanding!
4	Two for lunch. Salmon salad (excellent), tempura calamari (excellent), roasted Brussels sprouts (could have be roasted a tad longer), horseradish potato gratin (very good but not a hint of "horseradish" ), spinach and cheese fondue (excellent). Service by Christian very good. Crossings - New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, excellent - White Cosmo - just OK. Worth a return visit - (they were very busy but service was still very good). Food and drink prices were modest as well. Ambiance is "open and airy" large windows - lots of natural light.
4	Excellent salad. Chicken enchiladas not traditional, which I loved not too cheesy. Had lots of veggies. Great flave.
5	I had a wonderful experience at the Green House in Kierland last evening.  Anthony, our waiter was the best!!
