2	Nice atmosphere, but TFC (The Filipino Channel) on the tube set on VERY LOUD quickly ruins the good vibes for me.  I start to wonder what the non-Filipino customers think of the shows' quality, but then I recall Judge Judy, Montel, COPS, etc., that air on TV and I don't feel so embarrassed.Food are set out buffet-style or "turo-turo" (you point at the food you want), and I quickly learn that the daily lunch specials' menu printed and displayed on an easel outdoors by the entrance doesn't accurately depict what you're going to find served indoors.  Friday's menu listed a dish that wasn't offered bec. apparently it was served the day before and another dish was offered in its place.  (Why even bother printing out a menu if you're not going to stick to it?  Guess I better call ahead before making the trip from Laveen.)  One dish stood out, and I asked the server if it contained any meat, to w/c he replied just "ginataang kalabasa" (aka squash simmered in coconut milk).  I was starving, and aside from the "bistek" (pan-fried slices of beef steak) and "pritong tilapia at galungong" (fried tilapia and scad), nothing much interested me here.  So for my lunch combo, I chose fried tilapia and rice w/ squash, green beans, and okra simmered in coconut milk for my veggies.  I was having a good time eating my lunch until I noticed that there were shrimp (allergy) in the squash dish... The server apparently was not aware it had meat in it, could not verify if it was shrimp, and had to ask the owner/cook to confirm.  I thought this an unacceptable practice; it's a good thing for him that I am not a vegetarian, and a very good thing for the venue's cook/owner that I am not deathly allergic to shrimp, at least not yet.The owner/cook gladly replaced the squash dish for beef steak (w/c tasted fine, albeit salty and VERY greasy), although my original buffet server was not pleased.  This irked me- what does it matter to him that she replaced a dish bec, he was negligent of the original's ingredients?  Perhaps he felt embarrassed that he couldn't even tell there was shrimp in it, but why show discontent?  Oh, he really made my blood boil!  I'll try to visit again to try other lunch specials and see if the service improves.  Otherwise, I may just spend my money at Jeepney Bistro and Lumpia Factory down the road (where my eardrums won't be tormented by untalented comics on "Wowowee").  I do have one positive thing to say about Gingerroot- its rice was whiter, fluffier, and better in quality than that of Lumpia Factory, w/c was yellowed, drier, and just plain sorry-looking enough for me not to take home to re-hash in "sinangag" (rice fried with garlic... yum!).I do hope that the dinner service and menu are several times' better than that of lunch... Menu prices made me laugh... Gingerroot's ambience definitely places it at the top of the list of all the other Filipino venues in Chandler if you're on a date, but I'd very much dislike the experience if I'm forced to listen and watch TFC and have buffet food at those prices!
3	Took my dad here to hang out and enjoy what they had to offer since there really isn't any good Filipino restaurants around here. The place itself was in a "dead" location, bad for business if you ask me. It's hidden in a plaza where no one will bother to look. The inside was setup well and the service wasn't bad. Personally, I can't stand watching the tele while I'm eating. I like eating my meals without the distraction of broadcasters on the tube. It was very loud and annoying. The food was good, but it was OVERPRICED!! I was surprise at how much the Halo Halo ($5) was. I liked how they presented the food though. It was very catchy to the eye and it made it separated itself from the typical Filipino restaurants in the valley. So if you've never been to a Filipino restaurant try this one if you're not a tightwad.
4	Me and my BFF went there for lunch today and discovered a small out of the way (hidden in a strip-mall thousands pass by every day and never know its there and what they are missing) A little piece of The Philippines! the atmosphere is friendly and un pretentious, So go and have fun ! and try the HALO HALO for desert!
5	Located right behind the Chase Bank (across from Safeway) on Chandler Blvd and Alma School Road. I stopped in after having gone to the Jeepney Bistro (of which I walked right out of considering it was buffet style, didn't look fresh & they didn't have lumpia, pancit OR adobo. Seriously?! What kind of filipino restaurant doesn't have those 3 basic dishes after 4pm?) GingerRoot is family owned and operated and the staff was very friendly. The restaurant itself was very clean and welcoming with white linen table clothes. I ordered (To Go) the Chicken Adobo, the Pancit Canton and the Lumpia (soooo very delicious!). The food was FRESH and the servings were large. Each dish was more than enough for 2 people. My only regret is that I didn't know about this place sooner. I have been driving past it twice a day, every day for the last year and a half. I will certainly be a regular customer here.
4	This is just a rating based on their SUNDAY BUFFET AND SERVICE alone so i can only imagine how their food is outside of that...the variety they have for a breakfast buffet, in my opinion obviously is perfect. you have plenty of meat choices (usually Spam, longanisa, corn beef), eggs, fish, garlic rice, just to name a few (go and see for yourself)...all in all its a perfect and plentiful mix...brings back memories to the good old days waking up to food just like this that my moms used to make...If you have $8.95...go...and make sure you come hungry...
4	Are you craving a Filipino breakfast on a Sunday morning?If so, you have to go to GingerRoot.They have an all-you-can-eat buffet of Filipino-style breakfast items for $8.95, and that includes your choice of drink.I usually start off with arroz caldo (rice porridge) accompanied by tokwa't baboy (fried tofu with onions and pork in a soy sauce based sauce).  That usually gets my juices flowing and prepares me for the amazing meal to come.There's a pretty extensive layout of breakfast dishes including:eggsgarlic fried ricesteamed ricesalted egg with tomatoesdried fishlonganisatocinotapa + some items that slip my mind right now.They even have spam and corned beef hash for those who are into that kind of stuff.When my family gets together on a Saturday night, and someone suggests that we get up early the next day and eat at GingerRoot, we are all always down to go.Give it a try..
5	Tried this place out on a Saturday night: had the sisay (a crispy pork with onions and green chillies) and spare ribs, and it was really good food.  You can taste the freshness of the ingredients, and it was prepared quickly by the waiter that was also the cook.  We were the only people in there, although several people came through for to-go orders.  Will definitely try their breakfast buffet some Sunday.
5	The boyfriend and I found this place after stopping for milkshakes at the new Rally's built in front of it.  We saw the sign, drove by, and thought, "Well, this place sure doesn't look too busy!"  So we made plans to come back and try it for real, as both of us are rather adventurous in general when it comes to food.  We looked up the menu online, so we knew what type of food it was, and an idea of how to proceed.No one was there when we arrived except for the waiter, who was, apparently, also the cook.  He had us sit wherever we wanted and took our drink order promptly.  I had the ice tea, and my boyfriend the water.  We perused the menu for a while, still, trying to make up our minds.  We settled on the appetizer beef ribs, crispy chicken "gingerroot style" (half portion) and a crispy pork dish with green chiles and onions on a sizzling platter.The beef ribs were really tasty!  They were tender and the sauce served with them was quite good.  The chicken was juicy and the sauce served with it added a delightful flavor.  The crispiness of the chicken was just right (not too much breading, and it had a taste of its own).  The pork was really good as well.  It comes with a fried egg on top, and the meat is served "crispy" which gives it a somewhat "sticky" texture, but it was delicious and full of flavor.  My boyfriend enjoyed putting some of the sauce for the beef ribs on the pork as well.Overall, the food was delicious.  Our waiter was courteous - neither hovering nor disappearing.  The large television was much preferable to watch than the dreary weather outside.  The ambiance of this little place is adorable and snug.   It may be a little hard to find as it is hidden behind the new buildings (Rally's and the Sweet Shop) but it's worth the effort!  The only suggestion I have is that more people visit here!
2	First time at Gingerroot and we ordered the fried spring rolls, beef caldereta, and dinuguan.  All the dishes came out in family style portions which was nice because we were starving. The spring rolls came out nice and hot, just the way I like them. The dipping sauce was delicious as it had a nice balance between salty, sweet, and spicy. The beef caldereta reminded me of plain beef stew and the beef chunks were a lil on the tough side. This dish was just ok. Now the dinuguan disappointed me because it turned out to be a pork dish made with blood. The description on the menu said it was pork in brown gravy.  I'm not Filipino so I was expecting what the menu described. Well to me there is a big difference between brown gravy and blood. I'm not fan of dishes made with blood so I finished what I put on my plate and couldn't eat anymore.  The menu was misleading on this entree.  I think I'm gonna try the chicken adobo next time.
5	Great food. Seems authentic. All the people seemed native.
3	First visit review.I ordered the crispy pata and fried short ribs.  My first time having the pata, all I knew of it was how good everyone says it is when I read Filipino restaurant reviews.  And fried ribs?  C'MON!!!While waiting for the food, I sat at one of the tables.  This place has a charm.  I guess it was because the lights were dimmed and this really mellow music was playing on a good sound system they have.  The tv was on but was practically muted.  Nice and warm in there.  Clean.  A great place to bring a date for dinner. I was also the only person in there.  The whole 20 minutes I was waiting, no one else came in.  In fact, unless you knew the place was over there in its little corner, you'd think nothing was there but closed up businesses.  They are in a horrible spot.  The only way you'd see it is if you were coming out of the Rally's drive-thru, and by then you're set for food anyway.Food was ready and came up to bout' $25...pricey.  But whatever, I knew it would be thanks to their menu being available on the net, WITH the prices...something I really like.  Got it home and I see why it costs so much.  HUGE pan full of crispy pig.  The menu says its pork knuckles...that made me laugh cause my cuz is always saying "I'm having mooseknuckles tonight." when he knows he ain't having a good dinner.Anyway, wow.  Crispy pork is just...correct.  Tender meat under all that crispy skin, and lots of knuckles to suck on.  Regardless of how silly the end of that last sentence seems, the fun comes in sucking the meat from between the knuckles.  The short ribs.  There were only 4 pieces for $9.  Not a value.  They were dry, but that's how they are supposed to be.  I don't see you getting these any better, and the taste was great.  The sauce that comes with it really kicks and may be a bit much for some, but it def adds something to the dry meat.  I'm on the fence about this, plus it costs way too much.  Wouldn't get again.The place is a bit more upscale than other Filipino restaurants I've been to and setup really nice.  I will be ordering from here again for dinner, as well as going further up in the day to see how things differ.  Take your sweetie here.
3	Was invited to try this restaurant last night with some of their friends from Wyoming. This was my first time to a Filipino restaurant in Arizona. We started off with their lumpia shanghai and fried calamari. I've had better lumpia but it was still tasty. The calamari was huge and tentacles thick and meaty, good workout for those jaw muscles. The sauce for the calamari and fresh and flavorful.Since there were six of us, we decide that each person would order one dish. We ended up with two orders of chicken adobo;  pancit bihon, one with chicken and other with pork; beef caldareta and lechon kawali.Each order were enough for two people. Let's start with the chicken adobo. I wasn't a fan of this dish because the chicken looked overcooked and the sauce was almost like water. The pancit was just like I remembered when I was growing up. It would have tasted a lot better if the meat was shrimp. The beef caldareta was very good with shreds of meat soaking in the sauce which I scooped up and placed on my rice. The lechon was yummy, crunchy on the outside with some fatty portion between the meat and skin which tried and decided to cut the fat out.For dessert, I had the Flan which was really DENSE. Chuck had the turon with ice cream which he devoured. His wife shared the Halo Halo which I had a spoonful and it was delicious.  The service was a little slow, but we didn't mind because we were all engaged in conversation. All the tables had tablecloths. There was a table of four enjoying their meal. Even though the TV was on Filipino channel, the volume was turned way down. Nice cozy place to have a good filling meal.
5	We love this place!  The food is great and so are the owners!  Sunday morning breakfast buffet is excellent!
2	Tried this place tonight,   I had the fried flounder, originally ordered tilapia but after  placing the order was told they were out. The teenager  working there, was extremely shy, and  difficult to hear what he was saying. My dining compadre had the chicken inasal. The fish was fried perfectly but very small, no side veggies.  The chicken was simply grilled,  but too pink for me.  Never was checked on again by waiter, not offered more tea, or coke. Had to flag him down to get a splenda. It was not busy in there and food took 35 mins to get out then had to flag him down again to get the check.  No excuse to ignore patrons.
5	I went for the first time today for their Sunday All-You-Can-Eat Brunch and it was EXCELLENT! Ang sarap! They had everything from tapa to tocino to arroz caldo and longganisa. I cannot wait to return and try some of the items on the lunch or dinner menu.
5	Pancit palabok here is best outside of the Philippines. Anyone can enjoy a quiet peaceful dinner on a Friday night
4	If you want tasty meat, eggs, and rice for brunch, this is your place!  We went here for Sunday brunch for the buffet, and left very full!  There were a plethora of marinated meats, some Asian style sausage, fried eggs, 1 soup and 1 rice porridge.  You have the option of fried rice or steamed rice, and there was orange juice and water available.  I ordered an ice tea, which was very refreshing and tasty.  The marinated meats were tender, with a slight sweet taste.  If you want any additional condiments, there is a condiment bar to the side where the water and juice pitchers are.  There were bowls of onions marinated in what looked like soy sauce, green onion, vinegar, and what appeared to be some fried onion chips.In general, the buffet was good, and while all the meat and rice was great, I would've liked to see some more veggies.  I think this is more of a reflection of Filipino cuisine though than the actual buffet selection.Buffet: $8.95 per personIce tea: $3.00
4	A friend and I went for lunch today to Gingerroot.  They had what looked like a buffet but they called it 'combination' (means it is not all-u-can-eat), though you could do the a-la-carte menu.  They had about 7 options at the buffet-looking counter - all contained 'meat' (shrimp, pork, chicken, fish, etc).  I had the Laing (coconut milk w/ shrimp and taro leaves w/ pork bits) and the Chicken Adobo.  The lady (maybe the owner) was very friendly and was very welcoming and even gave us little plates to sample whatever we wanted to sample before we ordered - that was really helpful!I absolutely LOVED my chicken adobo - it had so much flavor that I found myself sucking on the chicken fat just to get more of that flavoring.  Sadly, after I devoured the chicken, I started on the Laing and found I could not stomach it....at alllll.  I drank some water and gave it another shot.. nope, not going down.  I think it was the stark flavor difference between the chicken and the Laing that made my nostrils pick up something in the Laing that just did not appeal to me.. maybe it was the fishyness of the shrimp, or maybe the slight tang/bitterness of the taro leaves... or the smell of pork fat mixed with coconut milk.... not sure, but when I taste-tested it earlier, i was excited to eat it... after the chicken, I couldn't even smell it .. something was so off-putting.  How odd is that?  Anyway, i can't hold that against them - I approved it after tasting it at first... I guess something was obviously off with me.The bill was cheap (7ish or so for me) .. and I took a Turon to go (banana/jackfruit/wrapped in rice paper and fried to a crips/topped with browned sugar) ... so yummy!I would return becuase the service was great - friendly, not stingey with portions (generous), educational, genuine; and the chicken was stellar.. plus the other dish my friend got was also super tasty.. so I know there's more there I could definitely try next time.
4	You must get the Lumpia Shanghai and the Chicken Adobo - SO WORTH IT.  See posted pictures.Nice mom and pop type place.  Food is made fresh but takes a while.  You access the only bathroom by walking through the kitchen and heading toward the back.Dining room has a large television with Filipino TV playing all day.  That was kinda entertaining.I would definitely go here again.
4	Just like home!!! Now that I have moved far from home it's hard to find that home Filipino cooking either it's not fresh or the flavors are just off. Gingerroot did a spectacular job, their pork was crispy, the dinaguan had the right amount of vinegar and the right amount of patis was added to the pancit.
4	Been craving Filipino food since I moved out here and found this place from the reviews. Although the food is pricey, it tastes pretty good. I had the sinigang and loved it I look forward to trying the diniguan, adobo, & kare kare.The place is small but cozy and nicely decorated. Nice touch with the TV playing TFC!
3	Talk about expensive Filipino Food!SMH. I could make all that stuff in a huge portion compared to what they charge per dish.  The ribs were good and tender but its so expensive for how little they give you. I was not a fan of the garlic fried rice that came with it really.  I would rather have my moms homemade filipino fried rice over their attempt at garlic fried rice any day with those ribs. The pancit palabok was good but i could get a better deal at red ribbon where its just as good but quality at red ribbon isnt as up there. Which I could live with.  I want to go one day for the all you can eat sunday breakfast, that will be a better chance to see how well they do with breakfast. :)
2	Came in just as they opened on a Saturday afternoon. I'm new to Arizona, and eager to discover new places and make new "faves"They didn't have anything cooked for turo-turo combination meals, and could only order from their full entree menu, which is pretty pricey for filipino food.  I am a big fan of sisig. My favorite sisig is from the now closed Betchay's in San Diego. So, I'm putting Gingerroot's sisig to the challenge. And at $15 for the entree, the expectations are high. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The sisig was extremely greasy, and chewy. The lumpia shanghai was good. Golden brown, crispy, and not greasy.
