5	So I actually haven't had services yet, BUT I just got off the phone with "Richie" to make my appointment - he was soooo sweet, patient, professional and if he is an indicator of their service, I know it will be a great experience... I will report back!
5	I am excited for my sisters couple massage apt today - if the massages are anything like the costumer service i received from Richie on the phone booking the appointment it should be stellar!! I called back a few times as i wanted to make sure that this was going to be perfect for my sisters birthday couples massage-He was so kind and helpful every time i spoke with him, even went to the extent to tell me about the free shuttle they can get on to be taken to the hotel- I am very pleased with my decision to book her bday present with Richie at Serenity Spa but I will have her comment on how the massage service and ambiance is...stay posted ;)
5	I traveled to Vegas with friends to celebrate our birthdays. So of course a spa day was on the agenda. We stayed at the Venetian which has a spa, but we balked at the prices. So we searched for other spas in Vegas but off the strip. We came across Serenity Spa and made appointments with Richie, who scheduled 4 of us to get spa treatments. On the same day! And he let us add enhancements to our treatments when we arrived. I had a hot stone massage and a scalp massage, both were very relaxing, and a wonderful facial that was so relaxing I fell asleep :).We caught a cab to the WorldMark and that was about a 15-20 minute ride. But instead of catching a cab the WorldMark has a FREE shuttle that drops you off on the strip. On top of the great spa experience, Richie recommended classy nightclubs and added us to the VIP list for one club. So if you're looking for an affordable/enjoyable spa experience and hook-ups for great nightlife, Serenity Spa is the place to go.
4	After meeting the staff and taking a quick tour of the spa, it didn't  take me long to decide that this would be a perfect choice for the convenience and price whilst staying at Worldmark Vegas Blvd....the 4stars may change to 5 once I complete my service...I'll get get back with that...
5	Went to Serendity spa during our last day in Vegas. Richie was amazing!! He was able to accommodate our timing last minute with no complaints and made sure we had the best experience!! He really cares about the spa and answers all the questions we had! He made our last day in Vegas very relaxing! Highly recommend the spa!
5	I had a wonderful day of relaxation. I recevied a European facial, and Swedish massage. Both ladies who did my treatment were professional, and took their time. My skin is so smooth and face is glowing. I will definantly return to Serenity Spa.
5	A little hidden gem inside the WorldMark! Hour-long Swedish massages are about $65 (which is a steal), they even offer first-time and local deals! The walls are a bit thin (read: there was a heavy curtain between my massage table and the window outside, but if you listen closely, you can hear kids running around the pool), but they did they best they could with their atmosphere.I had a guy, can't remember his name, but he was great! The foot scrub was an awesome addition, so remember to check in on Yelp when you get here peeps.
1	So we were in Vegas and thought let's go for a massage I wanted a pre natal massage and I found this place on Yelp.  I also noticed Yelped had special offers like checkin and get a free add on and spend $45 get $90 credit.  Sounded good so we booked two appointments.We got there and we both choose are add ons, we both assumed our 50 minute massage would now be 60 minutes with the 10 minute add on.  But during our massage we realized at 40 minutes they stated doing the add on and when I asked what happened he said the add on option is part of the 50 minutes why would I get an add on that took away from my 50 minute massage? That is not an add on, I lost 10 minutes of he massage I wanted.The massage was also a mess the masseuse was all over the place he seemed new to the field.  He walked away many times and said he had to wash his hands from doing my feet but why just do my feet at the end and do my back first.  He went from my back to my feet and then back to my back.  I could not enjoy the whole thing.  The worst part was he did not wipe the lotion and oil from my feet so I was slipping and sliding for hours, I had sandals on.It got worse as we were paying the French male at the desk was like you had this extra and that.  I was like you gave me an add on and took away from my massage time and now you want more $$$.  What mess, we paid and left.  I have had better massages at the Chinese foot spas in LA which are just $20-$25.Bad service and massage was not good at all.  Not for me, sorry I expected better.
5	This place is the "hidden gem" of Vegas! We got the couples massage with the Yelp discount... $90 for both of us for 50 minutes!  Really can't beat that. With all the other over priced spas out there, I'm glad there is one out there that won't brake the bank. Such a great massage! We will be back!
5	Really great especially if you are staying at the worldmark, so convenient and just a quick walk from our room. we had a couples massage and both our masseurs were amazing on our next visit we will defiantly make serenity spa part of our agenda!
4	I have had both a facial and Swedish massage here, both were very good and a great price from Groupon. Thanks!
