5	I've been here twice already and I have nothing but love for this little place. I think I may have actually dreamed about their roasted cornbread. It's hearty and slightly spicy served with a vegan butter sauce. I recommend this in combination with the GIANT veggie chili served with guacamole. It keeps very well overnight. Their macro bowl is also particularly good. It is a cleverly conceived combination of fresh organic veggies over steamed brown rice. To my taste, I think this dish could be improved (ever so slightly) with some enoki mushrooms, but I'm not sure how those fly with the macro lifestyle.  As for the ambiance, I very much enjoy their summer patio. They've done very nicely with it.
5	Wow. So good I went here for breakfast on Saturday and returned for a second meal on Sunday. I would have gone back a third time, alas, they are ferme le lundi. This review could easily be very long, so I will cut to the chase: if you're visiting Montreal, you must stop at Aux Vivres for a giant, delicious, meal, served up by incredibly helpful, kind, and down-to-earth people. I tried both of their breakfast platters (CAN 9.75$)--served with a complimentary coffee and side of steamed, coconut-flavored soy milk-- and thoroughly enjoyed both of them. Perhaps loved is a more appropriate word. While each portion of the dish was fantastic as a stand alone item, what really makes the food so phenomenal here is how perfectly everything comes together. The juicy veggie tempeh, with a slight hint of maple flavoring, was truly outstanding; I have never had tempeh that was prepared so well--not even close, actually. The tasty tofu scramble, soft sweet potato home fries, and cornbread were all well done as well, and came together in perfect culinary harmony. The other breakfast option, a platter consisting of lightly fried homemade polenta, re-fried black beans, salsa, and guacamole was to die for. Both are served with tasty salads (with shredded beets and dill sauce!), pineapple, and an orange slice. It was truly a delightful experience, all around. And the portions are outrageously huge.Aux Vivres takes the standard, vegan breakfast options and really kicks out the jams in a major way. Give it a try. You'll fall in love.
5	I am a big fan of this small place in Montreal for their healthy and delicious vegan meal!
4	Ate here over the weekend, had the Le Complet, it was awesome.  Only gripes are that the service was too slow and their cheesecake was kinda vile.
4	The food here was good.  We started off with an order of cornbread, which I thought was fantastic.  I would never have guessed it was vegan if I didn't know.  The 'butter' didn't really taste buttery but I liked it.  I had a Dragon Bowl and my girlfriend had a veggie burger.  The dragon bowl was the better of the two.  I wish I had a chance to try the coconut bacon but they were all out that night.  Service was good, but the best part was that everything was pretty cheap.
4	a treat to dine at Aux Vivres. critiques: service is slow (but they are often very busy), their portions are huge and prices are on the expensive side. other than that, yum yum!
5	I feel this place deserves an update not because my opinion has changed, but because I was recently in Montreal for three days and ate here twice. That's the second time that happened. And that says something.The staff is just amazing. They're patient, kind, give great suggestions, and, on the whole, really rule. My server told my indecisive self to go with the tempeh burger, served with excellent cole slaw, chipotle ketchup, and potato wedges ($9), and I'm happy I did. Fantastic. And it's absolutely massive, so prepare to enjoy the glory of a light-night snack!It's a great place to take yourself on a solo date too. No wait if you sit at the counter (where, if you feel like it, you'll get to shoot the shit with wonderful strangers. Trust me.).
4	Coconut! Bacon!Is there anything else left to say?Ok, maybe a little. Housemade flatbread, fresh vegetables, huge portions, a cheesecake that I honestly didn't love...but...coconut bacon! I love vegan BLTs with tempeh, but coconut bacon is just so much more exciting.
5	Amazing vegan food, can't say enough about it.  One of the few places in Montreal I can go to and know that I can order anything from the menu.  Excellent!
4	The food is great! Get one of the sandwichs on chapati and take the second half home for lunch the next day. They are that big. Servers can be brusk with all the tables but are often cute. Always nice art on the walls.
4	Good food, fun atmosphere. We ordered a breakfast plate and a smoked coconut BLT (loved it!). Even though the portions are huge, my husband actually ate two of the breakfast platters, one right after the other, and really impressed the waitress. We had to wait awhile to get a table, but the service was friendly (if not super fast) and bilingual. I remember the restaurant being kind of noisy, but I'm glad it's so popular.I would definitely go to Aux Vivres again if visiting Montreal.
5	I was only in Montreal a week, but went here twice! The food is very fresh, amazing, the portions are huge, and best of all, *everything* is vegan. The first time I went, I got the buddah bowl and nectar juice (apple, carrot and beet) and my boyfriend got the seitan sandwich and the creamsicle smoothie. Everything was soooooooo wonderful!The second time, I got the la polenta brunch, which is fried polenta, black bean refritos, guacamole, salsa & salad. I also got a side of tofu scramble and espresso. The polenta was probably the best polenta I have had in my entire life. I don't know how they prepared and breaded it so perfectly. My boyfriend ordered the faux lox sanwich on chapati bread and a cafe frappe. All of that was delicious. My boyfriend also got soup, which wasn't memorable. We also shared cheesecake, which was excellent. We always have to take advantage of vegan desserts. The prices are well worth it for what you get.To those who complained about the service, maybe you should stay in America. I recommend Red Robin, where they're up your a-- every 5 minutes.
4	Delicious, reasonably priced, but slow when it came time to pay. I'm definitely stopping by for takeout this summer before heading to the mountain on Sunday afternoons!
5	Vegan vittles have never tasted so good as they do at this bright cheery cafe. I went here on my birthday after reading Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. The waitress told us that the recipe for the sauce on the Dragon Bowl was a secret and it wasn't hard to figure out why--it was amazing! It tasted like the love child of tahini, sesame oil and several other things I'd love to identify. With a pile of veggies and rice, it was a party in my mouth! We also tried a Thai peanut salad with tempeh, which was also delicious, and their "Tonique"--a blend of apple, lemon and ginger juices. This was probably the best meal I've had in a long, long time. Why can't making healthy choices always taste this good? I plan to try and replicate the dragon sauce and Tonique at home, but it's hard to imagine my own efforts would stand up to the amazing Aux Vivres. The rest of their menu looked as enticing as what we had. I'd probably be in danger of going here 2-3 times per week if I lived in Montreal. Happy birthday to me!
5	Get everything.  Seriously, the food is outstanding.  The smoothies and juices are ridiculously good.  The soups and sandwiches are just amazing, too.  I forgot it was vegan.
4	Great all vegan menu. Attentive staff and bright environment.  Very tasty.
5	At a convention in Montreal and needed real food. The choices were overwheleming and as an all Vegan rest I was giddy! Ended up going back the second nigth too. The Tempeh Burger was great and tasty, the portabella burger was amazing too.   Carrot juice brought life back into my soul. I am grateful for place like this when I travel. Helps me survive the madness. Staff was great and service was perfect. Love love loved it
3	I was super excited to go to a vegan/vegetarian place because I've been trying to lead a meat-free diet. However, I was rather disappointed with the food. My friend had the Soup of the Day (pea soup). She liked it, but I thought it tasted a little under-seasoned, and the texture of the vegetables in the soup was grainy (over cooked?).I ordered the BLT in a chapati wrap, at a friend's recommendation. The coconut chips were great taste and texture wise (although my friend thought the chips were too hard). My biggest problem was the ranch dressing -- over-powering and way too salty. I had half of my friend's vegetarian chili, which was great! Good, hearty flavour. Could hardly believe that it didn't contain meat. Friend's mango lassi was thick, but had too much ice. Not enough of that mango and yogurt tang flavor. Service was AMAZING. Though the restaurant was busy, we got seated and served very very quickly. Really nice waiters!
5	Great vegan food, good service. I liked the soup du jour.  For true vegans, this is a real find, so I give it 5 stars.
4	Aux Vivres was recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint. The server was gracious with our request to converse in English. The menu was diverse and all the ingredients were really fresh. My husband and I split the cornbread appetizer with veggie butter and guacamole, the "BLT" with coconut bacon, as well as the sirocco sandwich. We ended the meal with a pot of yerba matte tea. The food was excellent, service excellent and the prices were fair. It's also in a great area for perusing vintage shoppes and record stores.
5	Interesting, healthy, delicious. Fun part of town
1	We tried the SANDWICH SERVED IN CHAPATI, it wasn't good at all, it was so salty I couldn't finish it, they put way too much sauce in it.The price is WAY WAY too expensive for a non-meat meal, it's basically a pita wrap with lettuce, nuts, tofu, spices and a yucky sauce, $11 for that? Really? We had two of those with 2 ginger ale, it was almost $40.. WOW.. The service was awful too, we were served by a girl that didn't give a f**k. I guess we interrupted her afternoon nap, since the place was mostly empty on a Saturday.When I left I felt ripped off, I can't believe that so many people recommended this place.. Montreal has some really low standards.
5	Montreal's filled with beautiful people speaking a beautiful language, so after soundcheck at La Sala Rossa we decided to walk down St-Laurent, taking in the sites and possibly some dinner.  We spotted a VEGAN place across the street that looked real healthy and the clientele was nothing short of bonny, so we took a booth.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!!  If yer touring through Montreal, you MUST eat here.   So many good things on the menu and they're all made with some serious love.  The wait staff is super pretty and nice too... Giancarla had the Dragon Bowl and thought it was "excellent." She felt the cabbage and the carrots and the sauce that came with it were "so fresh" and not "vegetabl-ey."  She went on to say, "the dressing was real yummy and the rice on the bottom had some sort of sauce,...I didn't know what it was, but loved it anyway."Sondre had the Buddha Bowl and states, "I come from this with a perspective of someone who's not a vegetarian or vegan, but I like exploring and I thought it looked like a great establishment and I was VERY impressed.  I'd say it was Ace. I felt very good about the meal and I'd never had tofu like that before.  [the tofu] Tasted so good.  And the healthy portion of broccoli is always a plus.  You know me, I'm not big on dressings and dips and all that shit, but this sauce was perfect.  The stuff on the rice was super good and I liked all those pumpkin seeds.  It felt like a full, hearty, and healthy meal."As for me, I had the Thai Bowl and was real happy with all the carrots, those big stems of bok choy, the brown rice, the peanut sauce, and tofu, but I must say, If I were to do it all over again, I'd go with the Buddha Bowl.  I was so jealous of all that broccoli!  (Luckily, Sondre was kind enough to share)  The Bowls are definitely big enough to share or take half home for the van ride later, so keep that in mind when yer planning ahead to your post-show-midnight-meal.  All 3 of us got the fresh juices and were blown away. Sondre and Giancarla got the TONIC (Apple, Lemon, Ginger) which was super spicy and made them feel like it was immediately working on repairing the throat and boosting their sinus immunity.  A+!   I was elated to drink the (Apple, Carrot, Beet) juice cuz I know Beets are so good for me. Health...in a glass.  Sondre even went nuts an ordered a fancy green tea on top of all that (for his pipes).  He was in a decadent beverage heaven, of which, he'd make a solitary promise to re-visit as often as possible through the consumption of fresh and healthy juices around the country; or die trying.  (at least that's what his expression supposed)We didn't have time to eat dessert, but I can't imagine it'd be anything less than "fett."GO EAT HERE!!!!~Dave "Herremannen" Heilman
4	I was told ahead of time that Aux Vivres was the first and is still the most popular vegan restaurant in Montreal. Being vegetarian, I had to try it! I was not disappointed. The place is fairly easy to get to and there are enough options to suit even the pickiest eater. The place was packed (with silly hipsters) when I got there. Unfortunately I didn't get to eat much, but I did get the chilli, and it was delicious! The drinks looked really good, and a lot of people near me were getting dessert, but I was already full...next time. Also, the staff are really nice here. Definitely try it out if you want quality comfort food.
3	I went here on my recent weekend trip to Montreal after read recs on yelp. We went pretty out of our way to go here for lunch and we enjoyed it but were not blown away. We shared the cold plate with a delicious veg pate, hummus, veggie puree, and a veg lox which I was less excited about. We also split a seitan sandwich was good and a choc coconut smoothie. Would love to have a place like this near me, but again did not fee like a place worth walking 25 blocks out of our way.
5	This is just one of those place that vegans and vegetarians alike enjoy going to. And they have done a good job of it. Everything we ordered I enjoyed. Particularly I liked the Bombay smoothy and the channa with paratha. One thing I noticed is that there were three either recent-made-moms or about-to-be-moms there. I don't know if it means anything, but it is something I observed while I was there. I guess it is a family friendly place.This place is worth a visit. You will not be disappointed. There is tons of variety. You might only be disappointed that you can't eat it all at once. :)
5	I went to this place on two occasions. Once with my vegetarian friend (who showed me the place) and once with my girlfriend. Both times were different experience and both were amazing.On my first visit with my friend, there was a pretty big line (I might be exaggerating, the line was maybe 10 minutes), so we decided to use the pick-up counter and eat in a nearby park. We both had sandwiches in chapattis and both we super good (I can say without a doubt that mine was, my friend said his was too). I was looking for something refreshing and fresh, and that was exactly what I got.On my second visit, we got a seat inside. The waiters were very kind and the service was fast. My girlfriend and I both ordered the dragon bowl (a nice bowl of veggies with rice) and a shake (I got bombay banana). The dragon bowl was so delicious and the shake was super flavorful. We had been walking around in the heat all day (and had some sugary stuff earlier) and we just wanted something fresh and healthy. The dragon bowls delivered! Plus it came to 40$ (before tip) for the both of us!I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants something fresh and delicious.
2	Terrible service and totally unoriganized. The waitress was randomly pick customer to serve instead of seating customer in order. The food is very average, but i guess there is really not much vegan places in Montreal.
5	Everyone is right. The Dragon Bowl is divine. Sitting solo at the bar, I was served quickly by a friendly waitress, and had the perfect perch to watch the smoothies getting buzzed. Do I want a creamsicle? With coconut milk, orange juice, carrot juice and vanilla. Yes I do!It's a busy bustle, full of healthy looking people sporting yoga mats, talking about tennis and scarfing down the best tasting veggies I've had in a long long time. And yes, we all were taking pictures of our big bowls. I'm already craving my next meal here, and I'm still munching on the leftover beets, carrots, grilled tempah, organic brown rice, daikon, rice, cabbage as I write!
4	Love it! I have yet to try something here that I didn't like. My personal favourite meal here is the mekong wrap with a creamsicle smoothie. Delicious. Corn bread with guac is a solid starter. One thing I always find bizarre though, is that when ever I upgrade from bread to the chapati wrap, the wraps are in fact just made of pita. This has happened several times. Maybe I'm missing something, but I'm pretty sure that chapatis and pitas are not generally considered to be one and the same. Note to Aux Vivres chefs/menu-makers, if you are reading this: Miriam Webster defines 'chapati' as "a round flat unleavened bread of India that is usually made of whole wheat flour and cooked on a griddle". Just thought you should know.  The chana 'chapati' is also very good, though can get pretty soggy (again, this may be because it is in a pita, not a chapati). Personally, I enjoy sitting at the counter (or anywhere on the lefthand side of this place), but hey, it's all good.
4	Aside from getting PICKPOCKETED and having $120 and an iPhone STOLEN, the food was terrific; just watch your belongings!
3	Nice little diner-type place that is very popular - Montreal must be teaming with veggie-people (and here I thought it was the land of smoked meat!)  The menu was heavy on the tofu, which I'm not a fan of in general, but the hummus and smoothies were both very good.  The staff & patrons are a bit on the alternative side, so get ready to show your tattoos off.  Overall, a cool spot that I'm sure is 7th heaven for true vegans.
5	I've lived here about a year and this place is so far my favourite Montreal food - and I'm not vegan.   You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches but my faves are the Mekong and the BLT (with roasted coconut as a bacon replacement - YUM).  Also the chocolate cake is to die for.  Service-wise very good and fast.  They are especially great about keeping water cups filled and replenishing you table pitcher of water.  I love that they have a separate side for to-go orders too, so the two are not competing service wise.
4	Overall we had a great experience here.  It is hard to find nice vegetarian places when traveling.  The smoothies were awesome.  The selections of items were great as well.  The one thing that was a turn off was there secret "cheesecake".  We asked what was in it and was told it was top secret and can't be told.  This was because people might make it at home.  I'm sorry but most people can never make the same recipe from a restaurant even if they try.  I own a restaurant and give away all of my recipes.  I am honored when people ask for recipes.  So of course we skipped dessert :(
3	Prices double every year. I miss the old pre-macdonalized aux vivres. Still good dragon bowl if in a pinch but not what it was.
4	To balance out the poutine we ate while in Montreal, we sought out some restaurants on the healthier side of the spectrum. Aux Vivres was one such restaurant that was not only healthy but truly satisfying. My Thai sandwich wrap was really flavorful and filling, and the Creamsicle smoothie tasted sweet but not sinful.Prices are pretty reasonable, too, with dinner for 2 coming out to about CAD$30.Service was pretty laid-back -- for the first 10 minutes, we wondered whether we actually had a server. Perhaps they were just making the Americans chill out for a minute...
4	The best vegan dining in Montreal. Excellent, friendly service.
4	Who knew vegan could be so delicious. I might even try being a vegan after the juice fast that I will need to recover from my vacation to Canada. Fresh, healthy-feeling food with tons of options, especially for the Kosher or vegetarian-minded. Also, the fauxmage cheesecake is really amazing.
5	We visited aux vivres three times in one week because we loved the food, concept, and service. This would have been a five star review however our first visit was a deal breaker. The hostess took our name and said it wouldn't be long. She took the names of three French speaking couples behind us and sat them before us. She even gave us a smug look as she was doing it. To the owner... so sorry for the one star but we are restaurant professionals who know blatant contempt when we see it. Not sure what her problem with us was other then that we did not speak French. We try to come to Montreal every summer so perhaps after our next visit, if your host staff treats us fairly, you'll get the five stars you deserve.Update, looks like we're not going to get to Montreal this year. Here's the five stars you deserve. That hostest is probably long gone by now.
4	Was in Montreal for four days and ate here twice! The food is excellent, the wait staff is friendly, attentive and quick.  The polenta during the weekend brunch is AWESOME!  I'll be sure to come back on my next trip to Montreal.
3	The lunch here is so-so but the brunches are bordering on fantastic. The veggie 'meats' are tasty and cooked just right but the soy milk they give you for the less than impressive coffee just ain't right, it curdles, YUCK!I would have given this place 4 stars, but on my last visit, I was meeting a friend for brunch. She has a Mira dog named Joey that has to be with her at all times as he is in training. He is well mannered, sits under the table and sleeps the entire time. As he was snoozing away and other patrons were smiling at him, the manager walked over and explained that she knows what a Mira dog is and informed us that she called Mira and was told that she does not have to accept the dog into her restaurant.  No one complained about him and we were thrown out...but not before they made me pay the 5,50$ for the smoothie that I was sipping on while waiting for my friend to arrive. I was stunned that they would make me pay given that we were being tossed out into the cold because of the Mira dog and so I handed over 6$ to which she said "sorry, I don't have any change unless I go and open the till."Joey has been to restaurants all over Montreal: fancy and casual and has never been unwelcome before. And here I thought that vegans were animal-friendly, guess not!
2	Okay, so, my first meal in Montreal, this is a famous vegetarian/vegan place in town.  The wait was not very long, about 20 minutes, but hey, must be good!  The food was actually good but not amazing.  The sandwiches are a bit blend, needs seasoning, even for vegan you need seasoning.  They did gave us some dipping sauce for the sandwiches, but how does that work with sandwiches which aren't even in a torpedo shape?  I got an shake to go with my meal.  I was starving and had to get some sort of protein.Overall, the experience was a bit rushed and crowded but the food justified the wait.  Here's my horrible experience with the hostess.  She should not be a hostess at this restaurant.  I'm a Canadian myself, but lives and works in the US.  At the counter, I handed my american $20 bills to the hostess to pay for the meal.  Her first reaction was "This bill is fake!"  I said what?  What do you mean by fake?  She claim the graphic design on the american $20 bill is fake.  I assume she was joking with me so I laughingly told her the bill is an older version of the new bill.  Its still valid, just was printed in the 1970s not the year 2000.  She then yelled at me called me a liar and ran off into the kitchen (the restaurant is crowded and loud).  Leaving me, my friends, and the poor waitress staring at each other blindly.  The waitress said "sorry." and smiles and sneaks away.  I then pulled out my other $20 USD with the UPDATED graphics.  The hostess came back and I handed her the $20 USD bills.  She stared at them and examines them with her high tech possibly racist eyes.  She stared at me and angrily shelved me the change.  By this point I'm ragingly angry.  I was determined to get her fired, but my boyfriend talked me out of acting as silly as the hostess.  I walked to the waitress and gave her a $10 CND for tip, since she was so nice to us.  Then we left.  About 6 blocks later, I realized the hostess gave me back the wrong change, she had given me $10 CND short of change.  At that moment I had to decide whether I should make the rest of my trip about getting her fired or enjoying Montreal with my fellow french canadian friends.  I chose the third option, yelp.
4	Always packed. It's better to order takeout. for vegan food (which usually tastes like cardboard) it's excellent. I recommend the dragon bowl with Tempe.
4	was amazingly delicious and i'm not vegan! i just felt so healthy but full eating there!the place is kooky and casual...need to go back
5	On Sunday, after working up an appetite at the Lindy Hop workshops and just before leaving Montreal and heading back to Toronto, we had dinner at a vegan restaurant called Aux Vivres....Read the rest of the review:http://alltheveganthings.com/post/16444279031/vegan-dining-restaurants-review-montreal-aux-vivres#.Tx9u57ytM6w
2	Pretentious, boring, contradictory.  Their menu totes "freshest ingredients, giving priority to local and seasonal produce, to create surprising flavour combinations and unusual dishes that you won't find anywhere else."  This statement is a stretch by any means, I have been to many vegan and vegetarian restaurants, that have blown my mind with unique and innovative cooking. This is not one of them. Tofu and tempeh burgers are a dime a dozen. As are asian fusion bowls but not with the hefty price tag of 13 to 15 dollars, for a veggy bowl. What is local or seasonal about daikon, dulce or wakame? Let's be honest about what this restaurant truly is; it does not cater to much of the vegan crowd, because most vegans wouldn't pay the inflated prices for things they could easily make at home.  Most vegans and vegetarians have had their share of tofu and tempeh burgers, if not a few hundred veggie bowls. Therefore, lets truthfully admit that this restaurant caters to the curiosity of non vegan and vegetarians offering trendy fare at a price. The staff were rather aloof, and had us standing at the host station for 10 minutes, while looking over a virtually empty restaurant. Furthermore when we were seated by who we thought to be our server, she said nothing to us and walked away from the table after seating. She then returned  with a bottle of water (for 3 of us)filling our glasses with water and walked away. 20 min later our glasses were empty and we were still waiting to order. When we finally made eye contact with one of the other employees behind the juice bar(who was leisurely chatting with other staff behind the bar), the original host/server finally came over and begrudgingly  took our order. After our food arrived our water glasses remained empty ( we think that they only allowed us one bottle of water because they expected us to buy drinks, such as $4.50 for 8oz of juice) and no one came to check on us to see if the food or order was to our satisfaction. To top it off the server had forgotten to bring a bowl of soup, but didn't realize.  Then another sever showed up at the table with soup in hand after we had already finished our meal.  After asking him to pack it to go, he returned with the bill and has the audacity to start chatting us up, almost as thought he was hoping to get a good tip. WTF?!The food was satisfactory, but all in all the place left a bad taste in our mouths and a hole in our wallets.
4	The ultimate finale for my Montreal visit.  After a day of wandering around the neighborhood looking at the hipsters, vintage shops, and record stores, we decided upon a recommendation to dine at Aux Vivres.  I was starving when I got in which was fortunate because having so many delicious-sounding things was too overwhelming (when I usually get to choose from one or two options on the menu tops) so we ended up ordering an appetizer, smoothie, and dessert to accompany our main courses.  The food was incredible, the decor was adorable, our waiter gamely answered all our weird questions, and we met a group of really nice Montreal-ans who were eating at the table next to us.  Totally worth the bill.
3	Cute little vegetarian / vegan restaurant.  I personally am a true meat-eater, I'm all about steaks and hamburgers, but that doesn't mean I can't enjoy some vegetarian delights every once in a while (that and my friends wanted to go and I didn't want to be Debbie Downer)I started with a apple / ginger / lemon juice which was ok, but not great.  I wound up leaving half of it and just continuing with water.  Maybe had I been a bit more adventurous then I would have liked something else better?  My sandwich (the Sirocco - eggplant, humus, olive tapenade) was excellent.  It was a bit too creamy, but with those types of ingredients what do you expect.  My friend got the BLT, which is made with coconut bacon, and I wasn't that impressed.  Would have preferred the real thing in that situation! The decor was a bit of a snooze-fest, vinyl booths and regular ol' tables and chairs.  All in all an average experience, but I'd go back again and try something else next time.
3	Pretty tasty for vegan. I ventured out to Aux Vivres early on a Thursday (6pm) to be sure to get a spot as this resto always looks full!My friends ordered the Thai bowl and I ordered the Dragon bowl.  I think mine definitely looked tastier.  In any case, they were all a pretty good portion and you will definitely feel full after.  Too bad because those Energy Balls they had for dessert looked really tempting.
5	Very fast service , the food is always fresh and rejuvenating.
4	I expected to hate it... Now I'll probably go back. I must admit the thought of eating in a vegan restaurant was about as interesting as the thought of sawing my own leg off! In a restaurant world of fatty food, this place fills my need for some healthy grub. The warp was huuuuuuuge. The salad was gorgeous. And the service was very pleasant. No complaints!GO!
3	I like Aux Vivres, but I think it needs to challenge itself a bit and improve it's food. Vegan food does not have to be just "good for vegan food". Having lived in Portland, Oregon, I've had some amazing meals in vegan restaurants. I understand that the vegan culture in Portland is way more prevalent leading to more competition and therefore leading to restaurants having to challenge themselves and make the best tasting and more creative options on their menus. I think what Aux Vivres lacks is that healthy competition in the city.I had the Aux Vivres burger for my main. The patty itself was good, although the consistency was a bit dry and crumbly. the potato wedges it came with lacked taste and were not prepared properly. they were not crispy at all. I only ate three. The dessert I had was the Chipotle brownie and it was definitely delicious! So, quick conclusion: great try, first of its kind in Montreal, obviously there is a large market for this kind of restaurant considering how there are consistently line-ups to get a table. Perhaps a little bit of competition in the city would make them "up" their game a bit.
4	Aux Vivres has some great portions spread out over a varied menu. My personal faves are the dragon bowl - a huge heaping pile of veggies and brown rice, the various sandwiches and the saturday-sunday brunch.Some deserts are awesome (the brownies, the cookies), some - not so much (the pies - which can be a bit bland and served as small portions). Everything on the menu is about $2 more than I feel good paying, but it's a clean place with some delicious stand-outs.
3	Indifferent to neglectful service on a Friday night. The food was good once it finally came, but we considered eating our fingers in the interim.
4	With my relatively new vegetarian preferences, I'll try just about any restaurant with tempeh on the menu. Aux Vivres rewarded me nicely.Great rice bowls, sandwiches, smoothies, and desserts! Food portions were just right for me. I loved the BLT, buddha bowl, thai bowl, bombay banana, mango lassi, and chocolate smoothie. Food disappointments were the veggie lox sandwich (done well but not something I would normally crave) and the cafe frappe (the flavor wasn't quite right for some reason; maybe too much soy milk).During my recent vacation in Montreal, I sat at various times at the counter, in the dining room, and on the terrace. I visited for both lunch and dinner, and never had to wait, although the dining room was often near capacity. The interior of the restaurant is nice, although the layout is quirky, and one of our tables was right below an air conditioner that gave us the chills. The servers were almost consistently friendly, and service was quick.
3	Aux Vivres is a great spot- crowded- so we aren't the only ones who think so.We needed something relatively healthy after many hours in the car travelling from the U.S. and this place definitely delivered in both taste and portion. The burgers are huge- HUGE- and really tasty. I had the Burger Aux Vivres- very veggy-y and tasted amazing. The handcut fries are a great touch as well as the homemade ketchup. Really no drawback to this place- other than it's popular- so you might have to wait a bit before getting a seat. Absolutely would go back.
5	In a city where hot dogs, submarine sandwiches and poutine are considered staples - this restaurant appears as an oasis. I love the menu and recommend the channa sandwich. I have had better smoothies but the desserts looked delightful and plenty of choices.
4	Shame on me for not coming here sooner. The truth is though, I thought this place was a militant vegan place that would smell the seafood-eating fear in me if I dared to walk through the place. (I'm serious) It turned out to be this sunny looking place with abundant seating.Unlike others I was with, who favoured the revered dragon bowl, I wanted to venture out and got me a Macro Bowl. It was delish but I admit, I like seaweed (wakame) in its natural state and then they had me at the miso-tahini sauce, which is a super combo in my opinion.We ordered a banana chocolate pie to split, and as a crust-head (yes I've coined a new term for those who enjoy crust) it was yummy, pie was a bit too sweet but the smooth and creaminess was very WOW, and I am glad that we split it four ways, otherwise, I would have been groaning the way home. One of the best parts of the meal I think is how awesome the server was, I don't know her name, but she was not only attentive to our water needs, but she was friendly and non-pushy.  She also was honest about her favourites when asked, and seemed very genuine. We also had a baby at the table, and she provided the baby chair thingy no questions asked, (can you tell I wasn't the mother? hahaha "thingy").  Overall I had a lovely time here, and will definitely come back for MOAR!Rumour also has it that they have a beautiful terrace, but I didn't venture there.
4	It's odd that I haven't reviewed Aux Vivres yet. Maybe in an alternate universe I did, but anyway, just to make sure I'd like to note that the bright clean design, the light wood benches, the relaxed funny staff, the leafy back terrasse and convenient takeout counter are all soul soothing. Most welcome though is the hit of fresh, healthy, and tasty always to be found here. The dragon bowl and vegan bacon are my usual picks, but my personal highlight is the creamsicle smoothie. Coconut juice and all manner of healthy things winningly combined to taste exactly like those orangey ice creamsicles you remember from sunny kid days at Grandmas (If you don't have this memory you can borrow mine and then go to Aux Vivres to re-live it. I hope you enjoy!)
3	The food is great. But I find the waiters to be stuck up and greedy.A bit over priced.
5	I love the food here. Recently I have been really into tempeh, organic food, and in the end vegan food. This is a great restaurant to convert people to the way of the bean, soy bean that is. I've eaten take out, where I mostly order the Dragon bowl. It is filling and delicious, it's a must have along with grilled tempeh. On one of my more recent trips I order a the living salad (I think) with tempeh and it was great and surprisingly filling. To start that day we had the corn bread with guacamole, very good. I've had it with both the guacamole and veggie butter, my favorite is with the guacamole, however I think everyone must try the veggie butter. I also shared the Uncheescake Cheesecake which was very good, I am still wondering what they put in it to make it soooooo good. If you are a vegan or enjoy eating healthy you must stop by here. If you want to bring some friends to try their first taste of a vegan restaurant, this is a great choice.
5	Up until recently, I had only ever had takeout from Aux Vivres. Which is fine for me and my lazy-arse homies, aside from the fact that when it did reach our plates, it wasn't all that warm (i.e. it was cold *heavy sigh*). As a result of these experiences, however delicious, I may have initially given this place 3 or 4 stars. Luckily for me and the Yelpers who are reading this, I managed to get my booty to the establishment last week, and what a gem this place is! Pretty cute place I have to say, with equally cute employers. I'm pretty sure I'm allowed to throw that in there, but really you should all be checking out this vegan hotspot for its, ahem, food. My friend and I split the Aux Vivres burger and Mekong wrap, which equalled glorious choices on our parts. In the past, I've had the Dragon and Thai bowls, and oh man....even when made 45-60 minutes earlier (thanks SLOW delivery service!), they were still brilliant dishes. To end this lil review, I will most definitely return to delight in more vegan cuisine. After all, I love healthy food and this food will make you feel good. What will also make you feel good is oogling the nice looking staff that work there - unless you get caught. Then, you're just creepy like me.
4	Meal: LunchRationale: Our objective was to walk up Saint-Laurent and see what struck our fancy. Aux Vivres struck our fancy. Apparently it's Montreal's first vegan restaurant. Impressive. (And appreciated, given how meat-heavy most French or French-Canadian cuisine tends to be.)Food: I ordered the Burger Aux Vivres, figuring only their best burger would bear the restaurant's name. I think I was correct. It came with the standard fixin's and tasted just like I'd expect it to taste. Not quite orgasmic, but certainly miles better than the frozen veggie burgers a lot of places offer up as a consolation to their herbivorous clientele. Satisfied customer. And I appreciate chipotle mayo.Service/atmosphere: We found Aux Vivres to be bright, cheerful, and scores friendlier than our previous night's experience at La Banquise. Welcome to Montreal. We speak English here. Don't worry. Have a burger.Conclusion: Aux Vivres is a nice, casual lunch spot, if just a bit commercial. I'd return for a decent lunch burger.
5	Holy Crap. This place a wonderful. I am the type of person who tries to eat at as many different places as possible. When I travel, I try not to waste precious stomach space on the same place twice. BUT this place is SO AWESOME. I ate here 3 out of the 4 days I hung out in Montreal. Their food is AMAZING! I am one who is not easily fooled by so called 'healthy' desserts, however, their desserts while healthy are delicious as well! The only item I am critical of are their shakes and smoothies. Mmmmm... Dragon bowls. Don't miss out on their Veggie Lox
5	Amazing Vegan food in Montreal, went here as my last meal while visiting, and had brunch on a sunday, this place was pretty full within 10 minutes of opening.  Their smoothies are amazing.  I had a complete brunch breakfast with a tofu scramble and cornbread and tempeh bacon...it was amazing, i polished my plate off in 10 minutes.The soy creamer here is also great in their coffee...decently priced, great service.highly recommended!
4	First of all I'm a bit of a carnivore, but having eaten my fair share of poutine the night before I was dying for some healthy food! Luckily on my trip to Montreal, my lovely friend and host is vegetarian and this was the first place she took me to and boy was I pleased!  Aux Vivres is bright and lively, beautifully furnished with a cool trendy atmosphere. Reminds me of a diner but with a brand new juice bar and with wooden furnishings. Tres Cool. There's a good selection of smoothies, fruit juices, espressos, teas, organic everything - then sandwiches, burgers, rice bowls, and more! They even had a glossary of terms for non-vegans like me that don't know what Tempeh was! I got the Tofu Burger ($11) with an Organic Soda (2.50). The Tofu burger has this great oniony/mustardy spread and it came with yummy hand cut chunky wedges with a chipotle tomato sauce, and some coleslaw. Everything was pretty tasty - but I kinda looked over and wish I'd gotten the Aux Vivre burger now!  My friend got a Souvlakian plate(?) and she said it was really good. All in all DEFINITELY would come back here, get a smoothie and try a bowl - the food is so bright, colorful and healthy it makes me happy to not have any Poutine for awhile!
4	4.5 stars, really. The food and service are amazing. Seriously, the BLT is as big as your head, and if you close your eyes, it tastes like real bacon. Not for nothing though, I find that a lot of the place's sauces are overly-acidic. The magnificently-crafted Thai Rice Bowl is somewhat diminished by what I see as a saucing that should be slightly thicker, and a little more "peanut-" Despite this, and no pun intended, this place is awesome sauce.
2	Maybe I was just unlucky on my visit, but I was generally unimpressed by this place. It was crowded, I felt rushed, I was unfortunate to have a coat and a bag and so was spilling out into the busy corridor, and then the food was both hot and cold and tasted very strongly of pickling. I ordered the Thai bowl and parts of it were quite good, but mostly it was difficult to eat as a mixed bowl and not consistent in temperature. What was worse was the overwhelming taste of pickled whatever it was... Anyways, I would go back because I've heard so many rave reviews of this place, but not at a time when I was going to feel rushed, and I'd not try it again after a second experience comparable to the first.
4	Ate here on a Monday, very busy restaurant. There were four of us, each tried a different dish and all were pleased. Waitress was attentive but reserved. Lacked spark or personality. Otherwise, a good meal for all.
5	I've been here around ten times by now. Every time I have been blown away but the quality of the food (service sometimes leaves a little to be desired, but they do their best). Get the dragon bowl... It's like the vegan answer to Mac and cheese.
5	It's so good, we ate there twice on a three night trip and I wish we went three or more! The food is exceptionally delicious and fairly priced. I can't wait to go back for the uncheesecake alone!
5	You really do not have to be vegan to enjoy this restaurant. They serve a delicious healthy brunch!
4	This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal! Yes, I love poutine and crepes, but if you want some amazing veggie comfort food come here! Every time I'm in town this is a go to spot. The staff is very welcoming and always gives us a booth in the back(which is less crowded and more intimate than the front of the house). The chili is very good, the vegan soups hit the spot( if you make trips up to Montreal in the cold months esp., as my husband and I always seem to.)  The veggie burger is homemade (unlike the frozen stuff you get elsewhere).  I have not tried their brunch yet, but I will next time I'm in town. Also Blvd. Saint Laurent and Saint Denis are filled with nice shops, eateries, coffee houses, so you could spend a whole just food hopping and absorbing the culture. If you're driving, you can find parking on the side streets off of Blvd. Saint-Laurent.
4	The food was very good and I would suggest this restaurant. I like food that doesn't taste as healthy and I have had better raw food, like Pure Food and Wine in New York City. For the price and taste, I rate Aux Vivres a 4.
4	This is a delicious restaurant. Whatever-tarian you are, you will ENJOY this restaurant... The food just TASTE AMAZING. What I like about Aux Vivres:- Delicious, fresh and creative menu- Good smoothies- Beautiful presentation- Reasonable prices- Veggies, veggies, veggies!!!- Real good portions- It is always crowded (more people in there=more healthy people!)- Colors, health and quality!!!What I like less:- The "plain" service (it's fine, it's just not super friendly)- Could be hard to park if you have a car./////////////////////////I am in love with the "Deluxe" salad... And, must try the brunch on week-ends; the polenta is yummmmy!THANK YOU Aux Vivres!!! :)
2	I bring all my friends here. My favorite foods for take out are : The veggie butter is amazing and a great addition to a sandwich or just a plain bread. Coconut bacon is an awesome meat alternative. The texture and flavor is so unique and very distinctive, you can add in your salad, to give it am extra crunch My only issue with aux vivre is the Indian food, maybe my standard are a bit high . I have eaten Indian food my whole life and I know what it is suppose to taste like. There is little to know flavor and the chickpeas are always hard. My friends that visited me from India agreed with me.
5	LOVED it.  Amazing Vegan food, huge portions, good prices.  The place is super crowded, we went for Sunday brunch, and luckily found a seat.  The service was super quick (if not a bit rushed, but I get it, they were busy), food came quickly, and service was good. No complaints here.  I had the big breakfast with tempeh bacon, tofu scramble, cornbread and sweet potatoes.  Very filling, and kept me energetic and going all day.What a treat to have the creamer be soy creamer!!  Very exciting to be able to pour cream in my coffee!!Very exciting to find a Vegan restaurant in Montreal!!
3	Get the Me-kong sandwich on chapati, but ask for the sauce on the side. I'm gonna ask for that next time since the past 3 times i've had it there, it has been soaked with sauce. Also love their orange creamsicle smoothie, the chipotle brownies, the BLT, and they have a decent tea selection. Oh and lattes are nice too. Go in the summer! They have a lovely outdoor seating area, decorated with lanterns and plants and herbs. ALSO: Tegan AND Sara eat there ;)
4	I just feel good eating here. It's a bit pricey for me, but I can tell everything I've ordered is made with quality ingredients (and it's good for me!) Being a bacon lover, I was a little skeptical of the BLT since the bacon is replaced by smoked coconut but once I tried it, I never looked back. I went with a group of both vegetarians and non-vegetarians, and everyone left happy.Favourite dish: BLTFavourite juice: the Popeye
2	Uninspired overpriced vegan food. I cannot believe they got rid of the rye bread. RIP rye bread
3	Aux Vivres is one of the few vegan/vegetarian restaurants in Montreal and is located on St. Laurent. It's a great option if you're looking for healthy, fresh and tasty cuisine. The restaurant itself reminds me of a dinner (so it's very casual), and the staff were very friendly. I think they have a terrace somewhere but.... I didn't see it so maybe that's just a rumor ;-)I started with the Tonic (ginger, lemon, apple) - my immediate reaction was to purse my lips and widen my eyeballs because DAMN it was tart! But it was refreshingly delicious once I got over my sensory shock!As a meal, I opted for Le Complet (tofu scramble, Tempeh bacon, cornbread,fresh fruit, salad and sweet potatoes). The tofu scramble was good - I liked the texture and flavor. The cornbread was delicious, as were the sweet potatoes. The salad came with this amazing Dill vinaigrette that was so good, I bought a bottle before leaving. The Tempeh bacon did nothing for me. I can't say I enjoyed the taste or texture at all.  Overall, the portion size was quite good (for me, anyway) and the price was appropriate ($11 for the plate).  I plan to go back and try one of their infamous bowls - I've heard they're amazing!They have a small shop out front where you can be pre-made meals, or other items like their vinaigrette, baked goods etc.
5	This review is only about the cheesecake, which is amazing. Not dense, it's a fluffy cheesecake and had a really delicious berry topping. Sure it's $6, but it's a heaping helping.
4	Went with my wife, 2 daughters, my niece, and her girlfriend. We were seated quickly. We ordered snacks (fries, light sandwich) and then some desserts. The desserts were the real reason we went. The milkshakes were to die for. We have dairy and gluten issues in the group and they accommodated without an issue. They would have 5 stars if the service had been faster - the server quite literally walked past our table several times while we were calling out and did not come. Even when we did so in native french (as we had a couple of french as first language folks with us). But I'd be willing to bet it's an anomaly and I'll give them the next star if I go back and see different. The food and atmosphere were directly on target.
5	I'm not vegan, nor a vegetarian, but I love me some Aux Vivres. I find it really difficult to find restaurants that give you large quantities of cooked leafy greens in Montreal, unless we're talking about Chinese food. But Aux Vivres does just that in their rice bowls, particularly the Thai and Macro options. I make it a point to have a meal here every time I'm in Montreal. I initially came for the chapati wrapped sandwiches (especially the CLT, duh!), but since finding out about a gluten intolerance, I also really appreciate that Aux Vivres makes it very clear which items are g-free on their menu. Went for lunch on a Friday afternoon. I ordered the Thai bowl with smoked coconut on the side. My boyfriend ordered the Sirocco and a salad. The food came quickly, the service was great, and we didn't feel rushed. The dressings and sauces were very unique and tasty... and I liked the light marinade they used on my tofu. I keep on wanting to try their desserts, but I just keep on getting too full from my main dishes! Until next time, Aux Vivres!
5	Great vegan food. They have gluten free options. I've been two or three times (it's a little pricey, but worth it). I've tasted the Dragon bowl (my favorite), tempeh burger (good), and the vegan BLT (good but you must like coconut). I would recommend it and I look forward to going back!
5	yum.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because out of all the vegan friendly eateries we dinned in while in Montreal this one is the place to go back to again and again. I work in an award winning vegan restaurant and while I am not vegan, the exposure I've gained over the course of many years of dining vegan has allotted me to say that this place rocks. Not too terribly far off the Mont-Royal metro stop, easily to find with good signage, a host just inside the front door, a terrace out back and well written clear menus in both French and English. We went twice and almost had to be carried out both times because we were so full and happy. The portions are a great size, no reason to get an appetizer unless there are a few folks dining with you. Try the smoothies! Smoothies are a thing in Montreal, and that's fine by me! Le Freestyle was probably my favorite of the ones we tried. Very refreshing. This place has a large staff which makes me happy because that shows they are staying busy. They were all very nice, looked like they were having a good time at work (umm...that's the biggest clue in the world to know how well a place of business treats it's staff which is very important to me, I hope it is to you as well), and they provided great service. If I lived in Montreal I'd be a regular here. Go. Get stuffed. Leave happy.
4	My sister is OBSESSED with this place. I'm actually not a big veggies fan, so this place was really awesome for me because it made vegan interesting. She ordered takeout one night during a visit to Montreal. I particularly enjoyed the frites. But she raves about the bowls.
5	Fast, friendly and fresh. Creative and really well executed menu and nice staff. Worth the trip from anywhere.
4	Great vegan restaurant. Try the Popeye beverage with the pollenta dish.
5	I've been a regular at Aux Vivres for over three years now. The food is wonderful - the portions are generous, and the staff is welcoming. You must have their chana paratha and gyro to say you have lived.
4	I was very impressed by this place.  Other than the fact that it's overpriced, everything about it was awesome.Ordered the BLT that looked massive, until you go to pick it up and then it feels light as a feather.  Probably about 75% lettuce, a couple tomato sliced and some (what i think is) roasted coconut and mayo sauce (obviously not real mayo but still quite good). I couldn't tell that the latte didn't have real milk in it.The restaurant in general looks more like a giant diner than a normal place, and service is kind of slow. If you're vegetarian or are curious about it, it's worth checking out.
4	Wow! Very happy to have found this place. It seems like in Montreal all the vegetarian/vegan places are insanely expensive for what's actually put on the plate. This place, on the other hand, satisfies every bit of hunger I have for under $13. That aside, it's actually really really tasty and they have plenty of options. It's worth trying and ill definitely be taking some friends there!
4	So a few years have passed and I think it's time for an update! Food, as usual, is delicious. Lots and lots of fresh veggies. Good flavours. Lots of choice. And service is excellent! Not sure if its the newfangled tablets the servers use to take orders, but everything went a lot more smoothly and quickly than in the past. And our waitress was so kind, checking in with us on a regular basis, and even chatting a bit about our days.
3	Came here for a lunch on a Sunday around 11:30am- surprisingly no major line up!We ate:- Mexicali plate (3/5): the guac was awesome, but the chilli was cold and lacking the wow factor. A+ tortilla!- Portobelo mushroom burger (3/5): While the mushroom itself was delish, the toppings and potatoes left more to be desired.- Fresh apple juice : (4/5) umm 6$?Overall it was okay,  but I could find these dishes at other non-speciality Restos and it would be probably better. Ps. Upon leaving at 1ish there was a crazy line!!!
5	A must for vegans visiting Montreal. We went on a Saturday night, and we got in just before the big dinner rush. There was a wait for tables the entire time we were there. Lots of variety on the menu, and very reasonably priced. I'll be going back on my next trip to Montreal.
5	Holy giant/cheap/delicious vegan sandwiches, batman! This is a must-do when I'm in Montreal and anyone who joins me adds it to their must-do list as well. We were on a tight schedule so we did a call-ahead order. Hmm... there are going to be 5-7 of us eating, so maybe we'll get six sandwiches? After all, they're only about $10 each.We picked up our order and started unpacking the sandwiches. I thought I was cutting them in half, but really I was slicing each half into a quarter. These are like giant burrito sandwiches (I would call them wraps), and one is easily enough for two (hungry) people. As you may have guessed, six sandwiches was about twice as much as we actually needed. But it worked out, because we wrapped up the remainders and saved it for dinner to-go the next day. Every item was tasty, but stop everything and get the BLT. Flaky and tender smoked coconut ("bacon"), lettuce, tomato, and vegan mayonnaise. We have smoked coconut at a place here in Rochester, but this is easily superior. It has the meaty texture of coconut, the smokiness of bacon, but still a strong sweet coconut flavor. Get your hungry tummy over to Aux Vivres and fill it up right.
5	The food here is substantial and delicious. This tied with au pied de cochon for favorite restaurant in Montreal.Mekong was delicious, satay sauce and normal fillings.The lox spread is out of this world. Amazing. Exactly like real lox. Magic from dulse and carrot pulp.The multi-spread appetizer is a great intro to the food here.BLT is also amazing. The coconut is smoked/salted just right to swap for bacon. Maybe too much lettuce and not enough mayo for me, but very good.Souvlaki is good. Burgers are amazing and meaty.
4	Really like their home made wrap with choice of curry sauce or eggplant. Though the other stuff I'm sick off pretty quickly. Tastes good everytime but it's not a place I go often.
4	I don't eat here very often because my boyfriend is allergic to soy and nuts (I know, I know -- poor me :( ) BUT when I do come to Aux Vivres I milk it for what it's worth. First, what I like about Aux Vivres is that the staff is always very welcoming and friendly, the establishment is always clean, and they have booths (a.k.a privacy). You always see a mixture of people from stay-at-home moms in Lululemons, hipsters, tourists, yogis, business people that work in the hood, etc. so it's wonderful for people watching while you're waiting for your meal (in the privacy of your booth, obviously...) Recommended dishes (and drinks): Bombay Banane smoothie (I swear that I hear the voice of angels singing when this drink is brought to me), corn bread and the Dragon Bowl with tempeh (mmm..).The brunch is always solid -- le complet is delicious - to reduce the soy intake, I like to have palenta rather than scrambled tofu for an additional 2$ - and the pancakes are tasty and filling (order with appetite).Also! According to my friends who love Aux Vivres as much as I do, the BLT sandwich and the carrot cake come STRONGLY recommended for all you fat vegans/vegetarians/omnivores out there. My only complaint about Aux Vivres is that it's always busy and you may have to wait for seating ;) Enjoy!
5	I admit I was a little wary of this place, which is ridiculous as I'm a vegetarian. But then I read the menu, walked in to a cute diner-y looking room with great art and music, and had a wonderful meal. It was so freeing knowing I could have anything on the menu. My little girl loved it too. Granted, she spent the whole time sucking down a mango lassi and eating a wee bit of cornbread. I did wish there were a few kid friendly options. I'm excited that we'll be here another day, so we can go back.
4	great food and smoothies!! Had the blue monkey smoothie which was insanely good, I actually didn't even want to order it but the person I was with wanted it so I agreed, and it was just really the best. The BLT is crazy good too, coconut "bacon" is insane, I just don't know how they do it! And the chapati is great. The only thing is that the portions are huge so probably splitting one sandwich would be enough for two people, and a smoothie of course.
4	The food was incredibly good and there was SO much to choose from. The only complaint I have is that it's too far away from where I live. If I ever get back to Montreal, this place is definitely on my to-do list.
5	The chili is incredible.
5	As a vegetarian, this was my favorite restaurant during our Montreal visit.  First time, we ordered take out via the ala carte delivery service (like seamless in the US).  When the food arrived (Buddha bowl, a wrap and the apple pie), it was cold due to the winter weather and didn't warm us up after our long day snowboarding.  Needless to say, we were disappointed.  This was the place my best friend recommended us to try in Montreal.   Second time, we decided to give the restaurant another try in person and we came on a sunday night, the last supper of Montreal.  Surprisingly, it was packed.  The red seats and decor are intimate and trendy, suitable for a romantic date.This time, we ordered the Masala plate (chickpea and potato curry with chutney) and the chocolate banana pie for dessert.  The entree was warm, fresh, tasty, and filling.  And dessert was delicious and more impressively, it did not leave a poor after taste as most desserts usually do.  For drinks, we had the chai; it's unique because it uses soy milk instead of dairy milk.  My girlfriend, who is picky about food, was impressed with Aux Vivres. We would definitely come back here if/when we come back to Montreal.
3	As a guy who is vegan I appreciate the number of options to have here.  It is a massive menu unlike most places where there a binary option of 1 or 0 .  That being said I did not much care for the main dishes of food and I wanted so much to fall in love with it :( The dragon bowl I did not like the sauce, and it wasn't too good dry.  The chili was pretty good, although that's not something unique to vegan restaurant.  The blt was okay but I didn't really like the taste too much.  I tried another appetizer of dipping bread into a nice sauce , that was good.   The carrot cake was excellent and I would like to try more deserts.  The service was great, very friendly both times, nice vibe in the restaurant . It didn't seem healthy food to me, the dragon bowl certainly was, although the rest seemed to be a one way trip to gut city.  Maybe I just need to order different dishes to get a better experience , but I'm not gonna try again until next time in montreal.
4	We were starving and in a hurry, so found this place quickly on urban spoon and glad we did. Great menu to choose from, we went with a Buddha bowl and a dragon sandwich, or was it the other way around?! Cornbread to start with and the dip was superb. Really light and fluffy bread. I had a chocolate shake, really thick and rich but not too much. We bought two corn breads and an apple crumble to take home! Yummy when toasted and reheated later. My small dislikes were the incredibly squished in tables - we couldn't get up to use the washroom with asking our neighbours to move their tables.
5	I love love love the food here! If I lived in Montreal this would be my go-to place for everything. After partying it up super hard - this is the place you wanna go where your body is just going to vaccuum up all the nutrients it lost the night before. Electrolyte love! My body is like a dry shriveled up sponge when I come here and I just suck everything up till I'm wet... wait a sec... this food porn thing is going a little far.I am back home in Vancouver, WISHING we had a place like this, where you can get yummy veggie food and have decent service, and not pay an arm and a leg to get it. I am already looking forward to my next trip to Montreal in September so I can gorge all I want and not leave feeling like I do right now after this festive seasonal break people call Christmas. All I got for Christmas this year was fat, but that's just more of me to love less!
4	I guess this place needs no more PR, but we really had a great experience here.Awesome curious menu with so much variety to choose from. All vegan, all specially made and unique enough to warrant trying. I am not vegan and it all looked really appetizing. Not bad prices either.Got their with gf about 5pm on a Saturday. Super nice server, which surprised me as I expected passive aggressive judgmental vegans, to a degree. Ordered lentil soup, veggie pate. Both were just awesome. I had a burger, and gf had the BLT. BLT is huge, but as close and amazing to a real BLT I had ever tasted. Really good. And my burger was really good too. Though it left me with that full vegan burger feeling for a while after. We also had two Kombuchas.Everything tasted really unique and GOOD. I'm not vegan, but if I could figure out how to cook like that, then shit I'd probably give up meat in no time. Really great stuff. Had a great experience and will definitely go back.
5	They have very tasty fake cheesecakeI always take their special of the day and it's always good. Very fast and good service
5	Still one of the best vegan joints in town; special brunch options on weekends, though they recently changed the brunch menu and added heuvos rancheros and replaced their awesome waffles with moderately okay pancakes.If you're going for weekend brunch make sure to go early, massive lineups after 12:30 (parking is free before 1pm also)
4	No visit to Montreal, historically, has been complete for me without a visit to Aux Vivres. While a bit of a challenge to find the first time I trekked up that way, it remains probably my favourite Montreal vegan restaurant.On my most recent visit in town for Pycon, I managed to get here twice. Looking forward to my favourites, the Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich (where else can you get a good vegan version?), and the delicious brunch waffles.ALAS! Neither remain on the menu. Instead, on visit one, I had their gyro, splitting an order of chili fries with my dining pals. The gyro was great, made cool and tasty by the tzaziki. The chili fries were a little so-so - about 10 wedges, on a bed of chili, topped with sour cream.The second visit was a bit disappointing. I branched out into trying the Dragon Wrap, with a side of sauerkraut. The calling card of this dish, I assume, is the "Dragon Sauce", which is best described as "orange". It was maybe a bit like French salad dressing. I don't know. All in all not too impressive a sandwich, and I had some serious FOMO towards the BLT that a dining pal was eating, and the gyro that my ghost data from the day before was eating.Topped it off with a coco-cashew cream pie, which was actually pretty excellent, and turned it into a pretty positive experience overall.Still, do I yearn for you, O Montreal Smoked Vegan Meat Sandwich. Maybe I'll try making one at home. I really had my heart set on it.
3	The first time i came in i had a most delicious greek grynos but the next time i came in their veggie burger option with fries was a disappointment-too spicy and i got a soso waiter. The meal with tip-in the end is too pricey.I remember when this restaurant was a hole i the wall and much more humane on a side street at another location now its a yuppified diner.Its hit or miss with this one.
5	So Aux Vivres has excellent food, it really is comfort food. They make everything themselves, including the ketchup! In the week we were in Montreal, we went there 3 times just because there were so many things we wanted to try. They have a special on every day and we tried it twice and it was delicious! The paratha with homemade veggie butter is not to be missed and their juices and smoothies are excellent. They also sell take outs and desserts as well as their own sauces next door. The only problems are that because the place is very popular, there is a long line up after 7pm, and the tables are quite small and close together so you end up hearing everything that happens around you. On the first night, we had to put up with a loud couple who on top of that were rude to the server so it was off putting. The restaurant is also quite noisy. All the desserts we tried were amazing. I wish we had an Aux Vivres in Vancouver!
5	Amazing restaurant! There are not many full vegan restaurants around but this is the best one in my opinion. I had the peanut sauce tofu burrito and my friend had the "coconut bacon" burrito. We also had some fresh juices. I recommend the beet apple ginger carrot juice. I've been many times and it never disappoints!
5	Tout est bon ! Les bols dragon et thai ont ma preference mais les sandwichs le sont tout autant ! C'est toujours la lutte pour choisir entre mes traditionnels et le special du jour ! Je reviendrai (encore) pour tester le brunch !
5	Go there. If you are reading Yelp and wonder where to go, just go there. It means you either want to discover something new or want a safe choice. Either way, go there. This is the type of place that you simply have to know. Nope, I have nothing to recommend. Veggie food with awesome taste. I give it 5 stars for the price.
4	Finally made it to Aux Vivres after hearing the hype for many years...and it does live up to its reputation. There were about 7 choices on the menu that could have been my #1 choice but I went with the chili fries with sour "cream" ... tasted like the real thing but no bad side effects from dairy afterward. A big win in my books. I hope they'll start stocking their sour cream in the store soon so I can bring some home and have it with pierogies.Serving sizes were pretty large so if you have an appy or a juice, you might have to take home half your roti sandwich for lunch the next day. The food came very quickly and our server was very pleasant.Next visit: dragon bowl or buddha bowl, creamsicle smoothie, maybe the potato/chickpea curry roti or "lox" sandwich... Oh, man. There are going to have to be many next visits to fit all these in to my belly!
2	$50 for a simple lunch for 2? Are you serious?? It was 4 star worthy but for the price, I can't give it 4 stars.Service was really fast which is great! We came on a very rainy Tuesday afternoon.We ordered a small salad for $6. It was tiny but the dressing was really great! The small indian soup was also excellent. We ordered the kosmos dish and it was OK.. However, the setian tasted strange and I'm generally a fan of tofu.The carrot cake was also OK.. a little dry.Since I frequent these vegan/veggie places often, I know what is good and what should be charged for what I get. The food is a solid 4 stars but.. it's overpriced given the quality and ambiance.
5	What a great restaurant! The asian inspired bowls are better than anything you can find in china town. Fresh veggies with amazing homemade sauces and great presentation make this a visual delight as well as mouthwatering, delicious, and healthy. The food is filling and satisfying. My daughter always orders the greek platter. Best tzatziki ever.Then there are the vegan desserts. Fantastic!This restaurant is all around amazing.Decor is cute, staff is attentive, and location is prime.If you're in Montreal Au Vivre is a must!
4	Nice vegan fast food-style restaurant. It was very busy but we got a table right away and the service was friendly and quick. I had the portobello burger, which was very nice. I was maybe a bit disappointed because I had expected an actual burger but it was really just a portobello mushroom on bread. The potato wedges and accompanying salad were delicious. My partner liked her assiette Kosmos. The only downside was that it was very loud in the restaurant (including the music), which didn't make for the most relaxing meal.
4	Love that it's open late. Bombay Banane smoothy is the business. English and French menu. Slaw that comes with burgers is great and I don't even like slaw!  One less star because each item is at least $1.50 pricier than seems reasonable. However, I still make this a regular stop whenever I'm in Montreal.
4	We are in town from Virginia for a few nights, traveling with our 3 kids, ages 12, 9, and 4. My husband and I are vegetarians, but our kids love meat whenever possible. We decided upon this cute little vegan spot based on reviews and proximity to our VRBO condo. It didn't disappoint. We ordered gyro, Portabello burger, a Thai tofu bowl special, chili, cornbread, and humus. Ingredients were fresh. Portions huge. Nobody left hungry, but we all felt healthy. Our 9 year old couldn't believe there was no meat in his chili (and he loved it!)Highly recommended for healthy, tasty, family-friendly meal.
4	My friends and I are vegetarians that enjoy trying interesting vegan fare. We ordered a Thai bowl, Mexicali plate and the Dragon Wrap. The wrap was rather bland and tasted very raw, but the Thai bowl and Mexicali plate were flavorful and filling. The atmosphere inside the restaurant didn't seem that nice, but we ate outdoors in the back patio area which was very cute and relaxing. The menu is offered in both English and French, which turned out well for us since we don't know a lick of French. Overall an enjoyable meal!
5	Alright. I found it. The best vegetarian restaurant in Montreal (and believe me, I've spent a lot of time and money searching).We had the sampler plate of spreads, served with warm chapati. We were blown away by the beauty and creativity of it. Tofu cream? How cute! Olive tapenade - mindblowingly delicious. We promised ourselves we'd eat lightly - but everything disappeared! Who stole the chapati? We couldn't have eaten all that?! Ok, ok, fine. We just had to.My dragon bowl is what I wish every meal could be. Warm, filling, delicious, and exciting. Hello, delicious, incredibly unique and inimitable sauce! Where did you come from? Can I marry you? Why is my friend kissing her BLT? Does she want to marry it too?There's also great music playing and a great, brightly-lit atmosphere. Waiters are all warm and attentive. The desserts make symphonies resound in your head for hours.Next time I'm bringing my sleeping bag and never leaving.
5	This is an EXCELLENT vegan restaurant. I'm a huge meat fan but I know it isn't good for me or the environment, but I can't help loving what I love (mmkay?)I came here, ate the dragon bowl and LOVED IT. It was so delicious, satisfying and not at all "vegan" which you would think would not fill you up but it was so good. I am definitely re-energized to become a vegan / vegetarian again. That dragon sauce is killer. Delicious. DELICIOUS. I want to eat everything on the menu now.
5	Stop whatever you are doing and go here. Now. Vegan or not, the food is amazing. If you don't like sweet main dishes (and I don't) avoid the dishes with the Thai peanut sauce. I found them to be horrendously sweet. However, the dragon bowl is on a higher plane of existence. I hate beets but loved them in here. The tempeh burger is so good that I actually enjoyed the Taste and texture of it. I really don't like tempeh. The chili is warming and comforting. Avoid the chili fries. The potatoes are cut too large for it to work well. However the chili and corn nachos is worth it. The blt with coconut bacon is refreshing and not as weird as it sounds. I've never et bacon before, so I have no frame of reference but as a sandwich the dish is a solid win. Cheesecake is dense and rich. Carrot cake is loaded with big flavour. The mango lassi is creamy and tart but not too much like a yoghurt drink as I recall lassi to be. Still tasty in its own right. The creamsicle smoothie is exactly what it says it is. Waitstaff are extremely friendly, and attractive. Decor is a little like a diner but still nice looking. Prices are reasonable for the mountains of food you're getting. Sandwiches are served on chapati and not bread so they are easier to pick up and eat. Not at all messy. Great place to bring a date. Just get one appetiser, one main, and one dessert to share and you'll both be pleasantly full. This restaurant has  its act together.
5	Fantastic dragon bowl! So happy to have fresh, flavorful and healthy food after two weeks of indulging on vacation. It was so good it still felt indulgent! Great spot for vegetarians or anyone wanting to have a good for you meal in Montreal.
5	I do not care if you are vegan, vegetarian, carnivore or omnivore, but you have to try this restaurant out!I came here on a Saturday night with my girl and here's how it went:Pros:- Extremely friendly staff, smiles on everyone's faces- No wait or minimal wait to get seated- Fast service (Saturday night from appy to dessert took us only 45 minutes)- Delicious smoothies! I had a Bombay Banana smoothie and miss awesome had a zesty lime-celeri smoothie (forgot name). They were made on spot and were refreshing!- Generous portions: had us rolling after we were done- Food? YUM. We had the large Chili and a Mekong sandwich and we couldn't finish them all. But we saved space for a choco-banana cake! Cons:- Price-wise is alright but not too shabby!- Mekong's peanut butter sauce was a bit on the sweet side, but not that bad!Extras:I am actually omnivore but I really enjoyed it! I will definitely return. Thank you Aux Vivres for being vegan-friendly.
5	Astonishingly great!! The Dragon sauce with Dragon Tempeh bowl is so fresh & fantastic! I do enjoy a good steak once in a while but this food will make you feel like your glowing from the inside. Delicious!!
4	that monstrous BLT with the coconut bacon!i really have nothing else to say. that faux bacon speaks for itself. its so good, i've recreate that recipe at home and i eat it like chips or sprinkle it everywhere like fairy dust!service takes a while especially if there's a lineup, even for takeout. price is a bit on the pricey side but its still good enough to warrant many visits.never done a sit down meal but i should next time, they really play some good 80s-90s classics. that's a winner already right there and with the diner vibe, how can one go wrong?
5	Best meal we have had by far in Montreal !
4	This place has almost a cult following for its coconut bacon alone, but the rest of the food selections are equally rich in character, and delicious. I've been here a couple of times and always leave stuffed and completely satisfied. It's decently affordable, too. The juices will give you *super powers* (just kidding, but it feels like that when you drink it), the servings are really substantial and there's excellent selection, whether you're vegan or not. I've gotten chana paratha, which is an entree but was plenty enough eats for me, along with a juice (although I wasn't starving when I got there). I've also gotten the Assiette Mumbai, which was simple fare, and also really tasty and satisfying - seems I have a thing for chickpeas. Next time I go, I'm trying their famed Dragon Bowl. Honestly, you can't go wrong here. The staff is sparkling, there's a ton of seating and you're being good to your body with every bite.
5	Here I go, my first review on Yelp. Let me start of by saying that I have never bought any of the items from Aux Vivres but I have gladly munched on many items that my girlfriend has gotten from there. As a non vegan, I would not have paid the money for these items. But as of 11:35pm on a Tuesday night, I have officially changed my mind. Everything that I have eaten from this establishment has been superb! With the exception of the faux egg and bacon brunch plate. That one was a bit of a let down, rather bland if I may say so myself. But everything else has been so on point that I am thinking that perhaps I should try out vegan-ism. I would like to throw out a big shout out to whomever came up with these delicious recipes. Especially the guy that came up with the vegan BLT and the chipotle brownie. I cannot express how satisfied I am with those two items. If i could, I would like to shake hands with the creators. Bravo Aux Vivres, never did I think I would be writing this review. Hopefully you guys can sprout amazing locations like this throughout North America. But until then my allegiance lies to Montreal for the best Vegan food!
5	My first time in Mtl, and friend who lived here recommended this place. Went around noonish on a weekday and it was packed! It was just the two of us so no wait. Lovely, bright place, good service and lots of variety in the menu! We ordered the soup of the day, I think it was curry lentil, and I had the Mekong wrap/sandwich. Soup was delicious, full of flavour and not too runny, with a good consistency. The Mekong was HUGE! I got it with tempeh instead of tofu (first time trying it) and it was really good! All the flavours went really well together. Would definitely recommend it and would love to come back to try more of the menu!
5	Excellent vegan food. Fantastic menu! Generous portions. Can't go wrong...especially when you live a three minute walk away like I do! They have a diverse menu. Smoothies and juices, comfort food, salads, sandwiches, bowls, burgers, cornbread, chilli, and deserts. They also have brunch on the weekends which I have yet to try but it looks really tasty! The Mexicali Plate is very satisfying for a chilly day and completely filling! It is house chili, brown rice, guacamole, sour cream, tortillas, and a side salad. It is one of my favorite things on the menu! The chili is so delicious you won't miss the meat! Another favourite is the Dragon bowl or the Dragon sandwich. The sandwich is very big and served in chipati which is so tasty! It is stuffed with goodness: tofu, beets, carrots, red cabbage, daikon, lettuce, sprouts, and their special 'dragon sauce'. The bowl is essentially the same thing as the sandwich, but in a bowl served on brown rice. They also offer tempeh for an additional cost. My absolute favourite desert there leaves me so happy that I get it every time and I haven't ordered any other deserts because I don't know if they will be as good as this: the chipotle brownie. It is huge! I think it is $4.25 but totally worth it. It is a chocolate delight! I can't wait to try more of their menu! They also offer take out but you order it in the store entrance rather than the restaurant. They have a nice little bar you can eat at in there and it has much more of a coffee shop feel than the restaurant.
4	I love this place! It has become a superb must for me on the regular. They make the most delicious & refreshing food and drinks- it's unbeatable for breakfast, brunch....yum!!!!!!!!!!!! go here now!!!!
5	Order a Ginger Tonic as a drink. With a coconut BLT. Bring a friend or if you come alone you can sit at the front at the juice bar. I want to eat here everyday!!!!!!!
5	I have been to this location two times now while in Montreal and I loved the food! This time around I had the chana paratha which was an Indian flat bread, and then I had the Bombay plate. There was so much food, and it was all delicious! Plus I love the little shop next door with pastries and pre prepared foods. For photos of the food visit my blog: https://worldwidevegetarian.com/2014/12/what-i-ate-in-montreal/
4	Aux Vivres is a perfect take-out option and also a great spot for a quick, affordable and different meal ! I absolutely love their Dragon Bowl but many other great options are yours to discover ; fresh juice, vegan chili and BLT sandwich wrap (made with coconut bacon) will please even the strongest meat lovers !
4	Great food here! There were so many good looking options, which did make making a decision hard. We got the Bombay smoothie which had masala in it, yum! We also got the spread platter served with chapati, probably my favorite. We ended the meal with the Thai peanut bowl, which was also very fresh, yet hearty. Servings are large so you get quite full even though ingredients are plant based.We went on a Monday during the lunch hour and they were so busy the servers were literally almost running around. The service was slower than what you would expect, but it was fine given we're on vacation.
