4	I'll refrain from divulging specifically what treatment I had done between my brows, but highly recommend Lynette Lange's cosmetic services. She will match any groupon deal, making the service much more affordable. The wait in the hair salon lobby was longer than I would have liked, but the procedure was virtually painless and the results have lasted longer than any previous procedure. I'll be back...hopefully not for several months.
3	The reception is a bit odd.  I was not warmly welcomed, more like...hey you, take a seat and wait.  I had Botox at this salon, but this salon does not participate in the Brilliant Distinctions Award Program.  I am wondering why.  The Botox experience was A-OK and the price was right.  The reception needs improvement and Brilliant Distinctions Program participation would be nice.
5	I returned for my second visit and was even more impressed. This time there was no wait and Lynette counseled me on skin care for almost 1/2 hour. She mentioned she will be moving into her own office in a few weeks. The new address will be 7506 E Monterey Way, Scottsdale 85251.
1	I need to update my prior "glowing" 5 star review. I called recently to make the appointment Lynette and I had discussed in detail only to learn that Lynette is indefinitely out of the state and unavailable!  Say what?! Lynette did not bother to let me know she was moving out of state. Now I'm removing 4 stars. Horrible way to treat loyal customers!!
1	If there were a 'zero' stars, that's what they would get. Just down right rude and impatient. You are in the business of customer service people!! I would not recommend them to ANYONE!
5	I used to see Lynette in her little closet at Applause :-) She's always done a great job. The second to last time I went, she had hired a nurse to fill in for her while she was attending to a private matter. The nurse really diminished my feeling about the business - she gossiped and really berated Lynette. She also gave me the worst injection I've received to date. I almost didn't come back, but I decided if Lynette was back, I would give her a chance. She's always done a meticulous job and I trust her. Her new location is open and still being renovated. She has hired new staff. I assume she has learned a lesson because Ashley was PERFECT. Great customer service, open and honest, made me feel comfortable, and has given me the best results yet! Lynette, hard lesson learned but you're doing things right! I am very happy with everything - how I look and the price to look this good! I will definitely be back and recommend Ashley to others!
5	They have moved to a new location and I love this place!  I wrote a review for the new location and just wanted to make sure that this one got the great review they deserve! I had dysport injections and they worked immediately!  Everyone was friendly and professional and I highly recommend!  Great Groupon specials!  I am happy happy happy!!!
5	Went today. First time there. New location at 7506 e Monterey way.  Called for an appt this morning and got in at 1230 due to a cancellation. Yay me. Got there. Filled out a few forms and I was in without a wait. April did my service and she was great and super friendly. I can't wait to see my results in a week. I will definitely go back. The price for botox is currently $5 a unit cash and $5.50 credit card on special and will be normally $8 a unit. Sounds good to me!
