4	THIS PLACE IS GREAT IF YOU ARE TRAVELING WITH YOUR DOG!The double bed room was extremely clean and updated. Nice fluffy pillows and duvet covers. Bathrooms nice and new looking. The daily breakfast bar was wonderful and the sitting area clean and nice. The one issue was the AC. Jeez it was a rattle bucket and kept us up at night. we would turn it off until we would wake up sweating and then turn it on for an hour, wake up and turn it off.....oh brother.  I would have liked a good night sleep, since everything else was nice. Pets welcome and that was a bonus.
4	We stayed here for one night while down in AZ for Spring Training.The staff was top notch. So friendly and very helpful.  The lobby area was very nice with coffee always available and the hot breakfast too was really good.  Nice variety and the staff was on top of things to keep it supplied.The room was clean and roomy.  Free wi-fi was nice.I would recommend this hotel. Extremely close to the Peoria Sports Complex and dozens and dozens of restaurants.
4	Friendly front desk staff and a solid room for an affordable price.  They also have a pretty solid free breakfast bar.
5	Enjoyed our 4 night stay. Rooms are very clean. Great customer service. Free Breakfast was awesome . Not one issue to complain about. Looking forward to staying here again next time we are in town.
3	I've stayed here a few times now while travelling on business. The location is pretty well situated off a couple of major highways. There is plenty of dining choices down the street from the hotel. This particular HIE must have renovated in the last few years, as it has some of the nicer decor I've seen in others.It's a fairly typical HIE for the most part with a small business area in the lobby, small fitness center, and medium size breakfast area. The free breakfast is OK if you stick to fruit or yogurt. The HIE breakfast isn't much to write home about. I'd stick to cereal or a bagel and stay away from the eggs, biscuits, and/or gravy.The rooms are OK and have always been clean on my stays. Another HIE, that is A-OK.
2	I've been very pleasantly surprised by most HIE properties, but this one was a real disappointment.  The list of problems include: - we booked a room with a King bed, and got one with 1 queen.   - when we mentioned that at checkin, the desk attendant argued with us about what kind of bed it was, which it's pretty obviously a queen. - the sheets are threadbare and really not up to the normally-luxurious standards of HIE. - the pillows, even the "firm" ones, are as soft as a bag of laundry.  When we asked for more, we were told they were out. - the coffee maker doesn't work. - the smoke detector is hanging from the wall by a couple of wires. - the shower has a particularly slow drain.Now, some of these are nitpicks, I know, but the lack of interest on the hotel's staff to address these issues has been a serious disappointment, and I really feel like we're staying at an overpriced Super 8 rather than a Holiday Inn Express, which, as I've said before, has normally been a real pleasure to patronize.
1	Not a kid friendly hotel at all!!! Pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi!!!
1	I have never, NEVER given a Holiday Inn a one star rating. However, this places stinks! It's dirty. When we walked in, we immediately noticed smudges on the mirrors and a dire need for a fresh paint of coat on just about everything. The sheets had a weird smell, but I'm sure they were clean, albeit poorly. The tub barely drained; I had to keep turning it off before continuing my shower because I was standing in a pool of water. Personally, that grosses me out, but that could be just me. It is also worth mentioning that I take quick showers...The people are nice and the blueberry muffins at the breakfast buffet are really good. This is odd for a Holiday Inn Express, so while I will continue to stay at this chain, I will not return to this location.
