4	So, I was walking in the Quartermile at around 8am, which was a frightening experience in and of itself, since being in the middle of the Quartermile feels like you're in a time warp of what Edinburgh would be like if they continued taking down old buildings and replacing them with huge rectangular glass buildings. It was way early in the morning so I was feeling particularly disoriented because of where I was, but then I saw Peter's Yard and thought I'd found my bearings again. How wrong I was. It was ANOTHER Peter's Yard, about 10 metres out the back door of the one whose coffee I am so thoroughly addicted to.That's possibly the only reason I've given it 4 instead of 5 stars. I think there's something very Starbucksian (yes, that's exactly what I mean) about opening another branch of the same business less than 10 minute walk from the previous one. It's just weird. They sell everything you get at Peter's Yard minus the sit-in food. There's ice cream, coffee, etc. And the only advantage of this one is that it's tucked away so no-one really knows it's there.
5	Is there anything better than a cup of freshly ground coffee and a warm artisan muffin or pastry? Actually, there is and that's sitting in the fresh air and following the coffee and cake with a piping hot bowl of soup, a slice of fresh sourdough bread and finally, a home-made ice-cream or fruit sorbet. For those lucky enough to work or live in the area, Peter Yard's is extending the opening hours of this new Savour To Go branch from mid-day to 8pm during the Edinburgh Festival - so expect to see performers and audiences grabbing a slice of something tasty between shows.
4	Close to the Uni..Pop-in, pop-out, easy lunch...Same great taste - To Go!
4	Love this wee gem of a place. It's tucked away which means it's quiter than their bigger shop/cafe at Quartermile. I am head over heels for their mango sorbet. I could eat it all day. Sunshine in a pot whether the sun is really out or not. They have a few sorbets & lots of interesting ice cream flavours that I'd love to try (damn you lactose intolerance).Also serves sandwiches & drinks so a great place to grab lunch if you're in the area/heading to the Meadows & want to avoid the queues of the more apparent venues on the main drag.
4	I like Peter's Yard. Despite that I find their prices shocking sometimes, I go here regularly. So regularly that I can't deny I like them. I like their coffee (Artisan Roast), I like their fruit buns, I like their scones, I like the Swedish stylings. I like their outdoor seating.But wait, that's for the original Peter's yard visible on Quartermile. Tucked behind them one block back in the QM development is their 'Savour To Go' shop. It's like the little sister of the original: same stylings, same coffee; same fruit buns; same sandwiches and soups. But with the addition of ice cream. And the prices are slightly lower. And there's less of a queue.There are still seats inside and a few out. The baristas are just as friendly, the quality is the same. But it allows you to get a coffee quicker, at a lower price, and still enjoy Peter's wares. Perfect.I haven't tried their ice cream yet, but I know many knowing locals (and tourists who discover it) will be walking around the Meadows smugly this August, whilst others who haven't discovered Peter's little sister will be wondering where they got that amazing looking Lingonberry Icecream!
