5	all we wanted was a place to sit and chill.it took us hours to end up here.wandering from bar to bar to club to craps table to burlesque show, nothing seemed to satisfy our need to just sit and chill.why is it always the most obvious choice, that is the one that ends up being the right choice, and it takes forever to figure it out?this was the simple bar in the middle of the Mandalay.  no frills. i could hear my friends talk, ran into friends i hadn't seen in 4 years, and watched a friend get spanked and propositioned at the bar by a swinger couplethere was a small stage with a cute little band with the cutest members that we couldn't stop obsessing over.  nick and jared...come to san francisco.  you and your music belong here.  we know the industry is a hard one...but don't be afraid to tour.
4	I left my room early one morning (what? I woke up early in Vegas?)...ready to make the long trek to the other side of the hotel for a latte @ Starbucks. But when I come out of the elevator I notice this little coffee bar. I walked over and was greeted my two very pleasant ladies behind the counter. They had my latte in about 5 minutes, even with 2 people in front of me. I also grabed a pastery and I noticed my total was about $6. Thats less than what Im used to paying @ Starbucks....and everything tasted the same. Sweet!! I also brought my laptop down from my room later that day and grabbed another latte and was able to sit....slightly tucked away from the chaos of the casino and enjoy some somewhat quiet time with my coffee. The good: Didn't have to walk accross the hotel, cheaper, tastes good, clean and the employees were very nice. The bad: Nothing comes to mind.
5	Great little hidden-in-plain-sight lounge, great for an early morning coffee, which transforms into an adorable piano bar late at night!  Who knew?  Not many people, quite frankly, and let's keep it that way.  Just between us, if you are not interested in the usual Vegas scene, and want a place to just chill, this is the place for you.
4	This is a great spot first thing in the am after you have done your morning exercises to work off the delights of the night before. Pastries are fresh and coffee is hot. Plenty of good service and smiling faces. I love to sit and watch all the people as they wait for coffee. Clearly it is going to take much more than a cup of Joe to make up for what some did last night. Starbucks in my hometown wishes it could grow up to be the Orchid Lounge.
4	Totally agree with the positive reviews. It's not the fanciest location, but surprisingly good coffee for the price, especially with the overpriced S'Bucks in this hotel.
3	Orchid lounge is my go to spot in between locations on our itinerary.Better then Starsucks for your morning caffeine fix and nice and chill for a cocktail in the evening.Chill is definitely the word of the day here.
5	A great spot in the middle of Mandalay to chill.  Coffee bar hours 5am-2pm.  They also have sandwiches, pastries, etc. The employees were very nice and I got quick service.I liked my coffee there and loved that it was so convenient.  It's a nice spot that you can be in the middle of the action, but with it being elevated and having all the columns around it makes the Orchid Lounge a private spot to get a coffee and have some nice casino people watching.  Small & Large coffee sizes comparable to Tall & Grande, so if you want Venti take a walk across the casino to Starbucks... but pay more.  Why?  The Orchid Lounge is a great coffee bar.  :-)Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
3	Today and on previous stays at Mandalay Bay, we'd spend time here chatting over a coffee beverage and pastry.  The location is convenient to Mandalay Bay guests. You exit the elevator, and it is right there.   The layout reminds me of a stage decorated in a Polynesian motif. From this slight elevation, there is views of the casino, the escalator to Mandalay Beach, people checking into Avis, guests walking from the elevator, and from registration. Good place for people watching.  I have hung out here when I am a guest. I have always enjoyed the ir cafe lates.  For news buffs there are two tv monitors. One is playing CNN and Fox. With captions.  In my opinion, this is a nice place to hang out if you are a Mandalay Bay guest. Not worth a special trip.
3	There are days when the line at Starbucks is just too long and I need caffine - this place has it!Pretty decent coffee and fresh pastries.Service is quick.
4	Located in the Mandalay Bay Hotel. A great spot to hangout and relax and grab a cup of coffee. They also have a couple TV's in there to catch up on sports/ news.
4	This is a great live band music lounge in Vegas.  There isn't a cover charge, but there is a 2 drink minimum.  There is always a great band here to listen to and we never have long to wait to find a seat.
4	If you come at the right time this lounge is a fun spot, lots of people watching live music is a little hokey but fun.  Weekends are great, and some fun cocktail servers!
