4	This wine bar serves up a casual and modern atmosphere with a friendly and knowledgeable staff.The fare is typical bistro - sandwiches, salads and cheese plates - but  is fresh and generous. The cheese plates are my favorite and they offer a variety of themed plates to suit every palette - upgrade your plate to include nuts and dried fruit. It's worth it.The wine menu is extensive and their retail selection is even larger. Every wine in the store is available for opening at your table, for a minimum corking fee. Despite the number of choices, choosing a wine never seems overwhelming. This is credited to the easy going, non-pretentious staff who are always ready to help you find a wine you are guaranteed to like.
4	I went to Sportsman's for a networking event last wk & really liked it.  We were able to use a section near the door that had cushy seating and oversize chairs.  It was a good spot for our group of around 20-30.It's difficult to comment on cost b/c the event was complimentary and we ordered a few plates with fruit, cheeses, meats and olives that were perfect with the wines.  They even had a wine tasting area in the rear of the store that was a nice feature I haven't seen at the other local wine bars.  Service was great and I had no complaints there.
4	Good cheese. Good wine. Friendly service. Comfortable seating. Good stuff that goes on a cheese plate but is not cheese (fruits, nuts, crackers, breads, etc.). They even have a TV with the game on, which is both good and bad. It distracts from the cozy wine bar atmosphere, but I do like to know who wins the Florida-Oklahoma game. Either way, it is one of the more comfortable spots in the northwest part of the city.
2	This place has been bending us over for years in terms of prices, especially on spirits - but we no longer have to put up with it, now that BevMo and Total Wine are nearby and offer the standard, normal, reasonable prices that you can get in any other major metro city in the U.S.  For years it was incredible how much they were able to charge for premium spirits and get away with it because Arizona was an anomaly state with no real competition for premium beverages.  Sportsman's... give me a break, your price if I buy a case (oooh, "case price") is still more expensive than BevMo or Total Wine.They rarely answer the phone if you call, the beer selection is inadequate, and many of the staff hardly know anything about their products.  An extra star is given for decent tastings (though overpriced) and decent cheese/fruit/bread plates.
