5	I LOVE Sunset Tan. I have a monthly membership here in LA and one of the biggest perks is that its good at the Vegas location as well.This salon is so amazing. Once you walk in you are in complete heaven because the tanning salon is located near the spa, so the aroma is relaxing.The beds are brand new and have amazing technology. The staff is super nice and helpful if you do not usually use indoor tanning beds. They are knowledgeable about the equipment and the lotions. Plus this location offers airbrushing in your hotel room!So if you want a little brown skin before hitting the town they come to you! Now I realize the need for a tanning salon in Vegas is not a huge demand since its like one hundred degrees in the summer, but its a good thing to keep in mind for the cold months!
1	I went to sunset tan because I read the reviews here on yelp. I checked out the main website that said they had monthly plans for $19.99 a month and figured I could get just a few tans for cheap. I get there and the women tells me the best package she has is $45 PER TAN!! $45.00 PER TAN? WHAT! ARE THEY CRAZY? I asked her about the website that says it's 20$ and she's says "O yeah we do have a plan for $19.99 for the first month, then it's $29.99 each month after that." I can't believe that she tried to sell me on 1 tan for twice the price of an unlimited monthly plan. It gave me such a bad taste in my mouth that I just left. Make sure you look up their specials before you go, they will not tell you about it!!! SCAMMERS!!
1	$19 for your first month? Sounds great, right! Well, I'm sure it is, but since I am not a Nevada resident, I couldn't get this deal advertised on their website (even though it doesn't say anything about residency). I showed up at the salon and was informed by the receptionist that that deal is only to bring locals in (sorry, tourists, I know it's Vegas but this is one salon that just doesn't care!). It gets better - I'm a CA resident so I CAN get this deal at their Hollywood location, and then it's also valid at this Vegas location! (But I can't get it in Vegas without a Nevada ID, even though it's the SAME THING as getting it in LA except the LA store gets my $.) Lol, seriously? I'm in Vegas, a city run by tourism. I saw a promotion for the salon (designed to increase traffic, one would assume) and I went there to give them my business. They weren't interested. Well, neither am I. PASS.
2	Okay, it was better than the bottle but... I came out all kinds of streaky and orange. I had gotten a special and made an appointment. The person who was supposed to do it wasn't there so they had a manager take care of it. I waited a while and he was thorough when he did the tanning. I was extremely careful about letting it dry and set (not my first rodeo) but it didn't matter that I waited ALL DAY before moving normal and changing. I was insanely streaky and it took a while to get off.
