4	Love this great 30-40 min workout! Great staff. Knowledgable and friendly!Carly Clark
5	I love this place!!!
5	Great place to train! I just left from a free trial session and it was awesome. Matt was a great trainer, and helped with all mechanics and form . I would recommend this place for a beginner who hasn't worked out, or a more advanced person that works out regularly . Since it's circuit training, and based around " h.i.i.t."  or high intensity interval training, you will see results without a doubt and leave sweaty and smiling. Cheers guys, keep up the good work !
5	9Round is the perfect gym format for someone that likes having a trainer to keep them accountable during their workout but struggles working a fixed class time into their schedule.I was a member of the Dowd Y and found I never got a good workout unless I took a class.  Between work keeping me late, traffic, and trying to find a place to park around 6pm, I could never make it to their crowded classes early enough to get a spot in the room.  Enter 9Round - show up whenever you want with workouts starting every 3 minutes, jump into the rotation, and get a high intensity full body workout in 35 minutes with a trainer to show you exercises and keep you going.  Expect 2-3 stations of cardio (jump rope, burpees, jumping jacks, squats & pushups) with some weight lifting, then punching & kicking combos for another 3-4 stations, then speed bag & tricep station, then finish with an ab station (9 total for 3 minutes, 30 seconds inbetween stations).  For me, getting through all 9 rounds without stopping was a challenge for the first 3-6 months but the trainers are understanding when you're getting started.  I'm still challenged with every workout because they change exercises every day.  If you're in great shape and want to take it further, you can start another rotation or do the supplementary challenges they provide each month on the white board (June - 'Mission Slimpossible').  I've been a member for over a year and have lost at least 10lbs working out 2-3 times a week with significantly improved definition (especially my arms!).  Good mix female:male ratio, though probably 65% female.  Love the trainers, they remember your name and make you feel at home.  Get strong, destress and feel like you're learning a new skill.  First gym that kept me coming back!
5	Other reviewer Savannah said it all. I love this place! Great trainers who are always working hard to make sure you get the best workout. It's great to be able to fit it in on my time. Don't forget to stretch!
5	Everyday I love going to 9Round for my workout. For the type of workout and community that you get, the price is fairly cheap and you would be paying a lot more at other cross training places. I love how much attention you get from the trainers and the type of workout that I receive each day. I would highly recommend this gym and location to anyone looking to get in shape.
5	I go here almost everyday and the work out is never the same! The trainers are energetic and always willing to help!
5	Love the workout for a few reasons: intensity, duration and the approachable instructors. If you are pressed for time and always feel lost at a huge fitness club then 9Round makes the most sense. I've lost 7 lbs. in only 3 weeks so far-- very happy!
