4	Zenshin looks like Island Sushi. It is! The same owners just opened another local location same style sushi, traditional japanese, and local food. The name you would never know but they do tell you on the menu the Chef same guy. I always been fan of Island Sushi. I been too both locations one on eastern and downtown. One thing diversifies this location is much more upscale feel too it. The sushi bar area is easily biggest one of the three. It has very modern current look too it. Overall never know upscale because the prices are very reasonable most of the items are under $10. There is no real dress code seen braddahs going casual shorts and tank top action. The portion sizes are good size goes along with the local style food. It just opened so you could tell that the wait staff still working out the kinks. Overall say the service was great! Some of the sushi took little longer but still got everything that we order. The food I ordered the torq fever sushi roll (spicy tuna roll) the presentation was beautiful. The taste was solid spicy tuna roll. I had the tonkatsu ramen. I know why ordering ramen if not the big three. I was in the mood for ramen. It was another solid dish. The broth was Ono! It was filling with all the toppings. Lucky enough that got too try some of my friends dishes. I tried the gyoza, softshell crab, sashimi platter, and eggplant fries. All tasty stuff. The presentations on all the food was really nice definitely for the price thinking something off. It all on point. It great addition too South Point Hotel. Hotel that always felt lacking in diversity comes too restaurants. Zenshin not only great sushi and local food. Another part of Vegas and find some comfort local food 808 style!!!! Sure I plan on going back if ever in the area need too get my local food! =)))))
5	Yum yum yum! I went to Zenshin on the day after their opening so the wait was not terrible. My hubby and I ordered:The tonkotsu ramen:- Braised pork in the ramen was amazzzzzing!Misoyaki black cod:- This was my favorite dish! The fish was soooo delicious and the sauce was fantastic! It was served with bok choy and rice. I would definitely go back for this alone!777 roll:- I was weary about ordering anything with soft shell crab because I had never had it before but it was soooo good! Spicy tuna roll:- A classic staple. Always good. :)Len Ying drink: (I think that was what it was called)- Really interesting. It is a hibiscus flavored drink that was recommended by our bartender. Never had anything like it!Strawberry cocktail of some sort:- Also really interesting. Very very tasty! I was skeptical because it had muddled fresh strawberries and a thai chili inside but it ended up being so good!Green tea tiramisu:- A nice light dessert after a big meal. :) Mini malasadas: - Served with a dollop of custard and chocolate, it was the perfect dessert to share along with the green tea tiramisu. The owners did Zenshin right. Food and service was amazing! We especially enjoyed the company of Katie, our bartender/server. She was very personable and accommodating. When in Vegas, I would definitely go again!P.S. They are located in the back left corner of South Pointe Hotel and Casino.
2	Small rolls, hefty prices, good fish, and slow service.I stay at South Point every year, and I was happy to see a sushi place open up.  It's not very busy yet, so we were able to sit down fairly quickly, but that's the last time anything happened in a timely fashion.   Everyone we talked to had pretty much the same thing to say, "It's not my favorite place for sushi (which is XXXX), but it's here."The menu: It's got a good selection of sushi rolls and nigiri... but not much else.  Very little in the soup and noodles section, and for those who like a lot of tastes, there's only the 2 combinations... one sushi, one sashimi.The food: The fish was certainly as fresh as you can get in Las Vegas.  The tako with the cucumber salad was just excellent.  The special rolls are small, especially for 12-14 bucks a pop.   Go somewhere else for your teri-bowl, too.. it was teri-ble.The service: Here's where they really need some work.  The staff was friendly, but didn't seem to know much about how long things take.   We sat down, ordered inside 15 minutes or so, then proceeded to wait.  20 minutes later my wife's teriyaki beef bowl arrived.  15 minutes later her cucumber salad "appetizer" arrived.  15 minutes later my two special rolls arrived.   50 minutes from order to arrival... with no warning from the staff except apologies as it kept taking longer and longer... shows a complete lack of interest in setting expectations with the customer.Another example of the same.  My wife doesn't eat sushi, so she asked about the teri-bowls.  "They're both great!" the waitress says, so we order the beef bowl.  It comes, but is very fatty and the meat was tough to chew, which we then mentioned to the waitress.  "I do like the chicken better," she then adds.  Well, where was THAT when we were ordering?!Finally, we ask for the check... which doesn't have the comps we mentioned both in line and at the time of ordering.  So we wait again for her to come back with a modified check... which only has one of the two comps on it.. again mentioned before.   I walk up to the register to get it fixed, and have the remainder billed to the room, which the cashier does without giving me a chance to tip.   Total time from first check to walking out... 10 minutes.Will the place get better?  I have to assume so.  They're starting from a good food and presentation base, but it's pretty obvious they've got some kinks in the preparation line, as well as some staff to train better.
5	Its a bit of a drive for me but im always down to check out new spots especially to support the local hawaii community out here in vegas. The menu here was very good and its hard to find good japanese food out here besides sushi and this place has it! The pork belly was amazing and so was the ramen i had. If your in the area of south point hotel this is a must stop!
5	Love the menu at this new SouthPoint restaurant!  Try the Double Down roll with salmon skin that is deliciously bacon-like with uzu aioli.  No need to dip the whole thing in soy and wasabi.  Also terrific were the specialty sashimi dishes - especially the Jalapeno Yellowtail - which boasts a truffled ponzu sauce - so good.  Finally, don't miss the BBQ grilled beef short ribs -my husband, the non-sushi eater, really enjoyed these.  Next time I go I have promised myself to try the oxtail soup and the coconut bread pudding - can't wait!
5	By far the BEST uber fresh Uni spot in Vegas. The quality of the fish is outstanding and Alfredo at the Sushi Bar is a delight and truly enjoys his job. Delightful spot on off hours, especially early for the top selection of high quality selection.
2	First of all this is not an authentic japanese restaurant. It's hawaiian restaurant that serves japanese-hawaiian fusion food.Food was so so towards good/ok. Was asking for a booth. Said that all the booth are reserved. But no body was on the booth that near our table. Ask the receptionist after done eating now they said all that three back tables can't be used (closed). It's just weird and very unprofessional. At least explain to the customer why those tables can't be used and apologize for us not getting our booth.Timing for the food was very off. My husband got his soup and salad and only literally couple seconds later his tonkatsu is delivered. But our sushi appetizer haven't even come and I have to wait quite a while until my spicy tuna bowl is delivered.Food tasted ok. Had better elsewhere. Value for your non-sushi food is good. But value for the sushi is overrated. Specialty sushi rolls that we ordered were sloppy. Fish wasn't cut uniformly on the roll. Sushi rice was falling off the roll, it's like it wasn't tightly rolled. For $11-13 per roll, I expect better. Especially with a lot of AYCE sushi options in the town of Las Vegas. Our waiter John was nice. He recognized the timing was off and apologized for it. Good guy. Gave him decent tip for it. Overall experience is just meh. We might come back in a couple of months just to see if the experience will get better (hopefully) but in the mean time, maybe go somewhere else where your money is more worth it.
4	While at the South Point checking out the Glass & Bead Expo, I wanted to grab a quick lunch. I noticed the sign for Zenshin and it clicked that I had seen this under recently open businesses on Yelp. I made my way to the menu and was surprised at how extensive it is...they had anything from sushi to ramen on the menu. The prices seemed reasonable and they had bento boxes and lunch specials. I opted to give this place a try.SERVICE: This is their weak point. Our server was nice, but not really on the ball. He was not well informed on the menu nor the drinks that they offer. When I received my bento box I had asked what the pickled vegetable was...he walked around asking three different people until he found out it was squash. Perhaps it was busy, or they're still working out the kinks, but this is their main area for improvement right now.FOOD: Reasonably priced and delicious. The fish was fresh, the roll options vast and unique. They had several lunch specials and I really enjoyed my bento box. I had couple of classic rolls such as cucumber roll and california which were priced accordingly between $5-6 per roll. I had one speciality roll Tuna Mango Passion and that was $13. Their speciality rolls were between $10 - 13. I generally don't like fruit on food that is suppose to be savory, but this roll was very well executed. I opted for the Salmon Teriyaki bento box. It came with miso soup, salad, steamed rice, pickled squash, and a generous piece of salmon in light teriyaki sauce. This was a great deal for $11.AMBIANCE: This is an open restaurant inside of a casino. It is definitely noisy. The decor is very sleek and modern, and the restaurant is spacious so personal space even at the sushi bar isn't an issue.
4	Came here with my mom and uncle on Friday around 5:30. Pretty quiet still, but restaurant filled up as we finished.Food was good. This is Hawaiian-style Japanese. Eggplant Fries were the decisive winner. Get these now!  The calimari tempura was ok. The pork belly was good, but with the sweet and smoky sauce and sour pickle you lose the pork belly goodness. The chicken teriyaki bowl was excellent. Very moist because they used dark meat. The ton katsu was also very moist and crispy. Didn't try the sushi, but looked like they had some worthwhile selections. Overall, good experience. Nice staff, not overly loud, decent food. Get the eggplant fries to go if you're not interested in the rest. They were that good!
1	Disgusting!!! I don't recommend this place at all!! Save your money and go to an all you can eat sushi bar!!! If I could I would give this place 0 stars!!! YUCK!!!!! 6 pieces of sashimi for $15?!?!?! you can go to YAMA SUSHI and pay 23.99 for ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!! I got the tonkatsu and had to even ask for rice, WTF?!? The miso soup wasn't even hot and the salad tasted like it had sand in it!!!! THIS PLACE WILL NOT LAST FOR SURE [BIG THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS RESTAURANT]
1	This place is Hawaiian/Japanese-ish. They great you with an "Irasshaimashae!" and thank you with a Mahalo. A bit odd..Service was awesome! Our server was very fast, attentive and very kind! The food runners and host were also very friendly. I ordered the eggplant parmesan fires which were super good. Perfectly crispy and not greasy and quite addicting! I also got a few sushi rolls which were pretty good and standard for Vegas. Sadly my Miso Ramen, was really really bad :/ Being Japanese and a ramen fanatic and having experienced many kinds of ramen in Japan and America, I kinda have an idea of how it should kinda taste. Basically the broth was like they skimmed all the fat and grease from a fryer and put it in my bowl. It had no flavor and no evidence of miso.. The chashu pork was tender and the noodles were cooked perfect, however I could not taste anything due to my grease broth. It was also supposed to come with tamago (egg) which it did not. I let our server know of the nasty grease ramen and she quickly took it away and apologized. I had already eaten half the ramen (I was super hungry and didn't want to be rude) but I felt quite sick and ran to the bathroom and puked. I was sick for the next two days... :( Though it was not the fault of the serving staff and I don't blame them, I do however blame who ever made the broth and called it "miso broth." Certainly not a good representation of how real miso ramen should taste, so hopefully they can raise the bar and learn from a mistake. I will maybe try this place again since the service and the other food items were good... but... I really hate puking so we shall see..
2	First, I love the menu selection, but then disappointed after trying some of the food..I'm an avid sushi eater. I know the difference between a good quality fish or not. I ordered assorted sashimi, and it doesn't taste fresh at all. It's chewy. A good sashimi supposed to feel like it "melts" on your mouth.Another failed dish: Spicy Tuna Bowl. Not authentic at all and they smothered it with thick layers of unappetizing mayonnaise-based sauce.The okay dishes I tried were beef teriyaki bento box and tempura. The bento box was honestly, a good value. Comes with rice, pickled cucumbers, roasted kombucha, and salad. Good portions of food and taste was standard.Service was meh. The hostess was your typical teenager with attitude. The server was friendly at first, but then gets too friendly afterwards. I know she was just doing her job to give me recommendations, but she's pressuring me too much. She offered dessert for like three times and every time she ask, I would have to say 'no' multiple times. The chef.. was too slow.. It wasn't even crowded. There were only about three tables out..Bottom line.. If you have to eat here, just order the Bento Box sets. It's the only one that's worth it. If you want to order sushi, don't expect it to be fresh or in a good quality.
4	This place was an unexpected delight. It was our first time at the hotel and we were looking for some dinner choices. A few of the restaurants were closed on Tuesday night. There were 5 of us and one of the wives is a pretty fussy eater. We were not sure if Asian food was going to work.We checked out the menu at the desk before we decided to try this place. The service was excellent and the food was wonderful. We did mostly rolls and the gals had chicken teriyaki. All in all I would say this is a place I would definitely like to get to know better.We will return soon!
4	The atmosphere is nice and the service was really good. The 777 and the sunrise were great. The avocado was perfectly cut on top and both rolls had really well blended and smooth flavors. The only reason not get 5 stars is that besides sashimi, no specialty options without rice.
2	The food was only fair. The service was good.
2	Was craving Chinese food and a neighbor recommended this. I was at first hesitant just by the name Zenshin - it didn't sound Chinese. We soon realized it was Japanese. Ok so our neighbor has some trouble distiguishing between Asian food.  The ramen was too salty. The sushi platter was good though and fresh. The green tea was ok but when it was refilled, they refilled it with room temp tea! I love Japanese food but I probably won't go come back here and I don't think I can recommend this place neither.
3	I ordered mini malasadas and sashimi... I was told by the server that the sashimi comes with 12 pieces and mine came with 5... wow!  I'm glad it was a free meal but seriously, the staff needs to know what they're talking about.
3	The Happy Hour is from 2-6pm and the menu dedicated for Happy Hour has one side drinks under $6 and the other side appetizers, sushi rolls and pizza..average price is $5. I saw Karage Chicken, Salmon Poke, California Rolls included in HH menu.  I ordered the pork belly bao buns which were really good! The bun was soft, the pork belly was a little too crisp though. 3 appetizer sized came in a fancy platter. Unfortunately my phone had low bat so no foodporn for this review. The menu I was given was primarily sushi and a few beef/chicken bowl options. I didn't see any bento boxes as my choice. Come to find out later that is only on the dinner menu?  So I ended up with eggplant fries and the beef teri as my entree since I don't really care for sushi...(yeah I know blasphemy) The Eggplant fries: YAY!....  The Teriyaki bowl: NAY! ... I really like these fries!!  Veggies dipped and fried in a light tempura batter and sprinkled with parmesan cheese. For sure I would order this again. Very good!  The Teri bowl though, not so much. The sliced beef pieces I had was a little dry and tough and the teriyaki sauce was too thick and salty for me.Location: Inside South Point Casino next to Steak N Shake. You can either sit at the sushi bar or the tables and booths surrounding it. There is also another dining room but it was not being used at the time.  Service: Staff is still lacking in finesse department. Service started out fine but after I got served my entree, I didn't see my server till I got my check. Granted he had to cover a lot of tables in his area, it was not that busy in my opinion.  I needed silverware and couldn't get his attention at all so after a few minutes went by I had get up and ask someone else. I don't expect to be waited on hand and foot but a little acknowledgement can go a long way you know? Hopefully the kinks will get worked out cause I really would like to come back and try more items on that Happy Hour menu. That Lychee Martini sounds good.
2	I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this place, but the truth is that good sushi isn't exactly scarce here, so you'll need a few other points of pride if you want to do well.  We've been twice.  The first time was right after they opened.  We approached the hostess stand to the right (if you're standing in front of the restaurant) and the girl snarled, "You need to put your names in over there," pointing to the other hostess stand to the left (basically just a counter where menus were spread out).  Okay.  Our visit that time was unremarkable - nice waiter, good food, really dead for a place that just opened.It was the second visit this weekend that solidified my opinion.  Wouldn't ya know, we approached the "correct" counter this time and stood there waiting.  And waiting.  And... waiting.  A hostess approached... no, she diverted to the right-hand stand and began counting out her drawer.  After a couple minutes I cleared my throat, she looked up and said, "Um, are you dining in?"  I said, "Yes, we were hoping to, but we've been standing here for almost ten minutes."  Not even the grace for a perfunctory apology, she grabbed two menus and stalked into the restaurant.  I assumed we were meant to follow her, so we did.  Big mistake!We ordered two apps (garlic edamame and eggplant fries, both good) and three rolls (two of which were very good).  I don't know what to say about the third roll, a baked roll, because it never came.  We waited and waited... our waitress disappeared.  She finally showed up and we asked for the check, which of course, included the missing roll.  We explained that we didn't receive it and asked her to take it off the check.  She was embarrassed, very nice, about it, but explained that "the first one got burned and they are trying to make you another one."  Really, 30 minutes after our food came out?  And no one was going to tell us unless we asked?  There were literally three other occupied tables in the restaurant.  The bartender was eating a pretzel.  It's not like it was too busy to handle the Saga of the Burned Roll.Needless to say we will not be back.
5	I felt like a VIP.  The atmosphere was not stuffy but really chill we got seated we were soon greeted by the executive chef Yoji, that gave us a tour of the kitchen.  Which was not expected but well worth it. The Kitchen  was clean and organized which got us more excited about the food.  Yoji recommended the Japanese Ox Tail Curry... Yummy... Authentic Japanese Curry with tender ox tail that falls right off the bone served over rice... This was the first dish that came out and it was so delightful.We also had sushi the Blazin Tuna, was one of my favorites, Spicy tuna with a bit of Cajun tuna topping it off.  All the sushi was great and was fresh.   We had about 5 more rolls and the Cajun Albacore Sashimi ... They all left us wanting more to bad we were full..  The Service was great and was checking in with us. They made us feel at home.  We took my cousin that lives in town and she says she told me this place will be in her eating rotation from now on.  We will definitely be back and will bring more people too....Its worth the the stop at South Point Casino.
5	I thought this place was fantastic. I went with 3 other people and we were seated in a large booth. The atmosphere was upscale but not froufrou or intimidating. The restaurant was busy but not noisy or crowded. We were recommended the oxtail curry which wasn't on the menu but were told it would be added to it in the near future. The oxtail was awesome! It was so tender and flavorful. We also started with the Dynamite Green Mussels...simply delicious!As far as sushi, we had 5 different rolls: Cajun Albacore, 777, Candy Cane, Blazin Tuna, and Salmon Skin. All were good, but I think the 777 was my favorite. It's a spicy soft shell crab roll, topped with spicy tuna, spicy aioli and eel sauce. The Cajun Albacore sashimi was super good too. It has a great kick for those who like spicy.I'm a BIG stickler about service and I must say the service here was great. The waiter was friendly and helpful and prompt. He checked in on us sevrel times and we didn't have to wait around for him to take care of the bill. Overall, my experience where was awesome and I cannot wait to eat here again. I will make it a point to go here the next time I'm in town.
5	BOOORING...same ol' sushi places serving up your typical sushi dishes you see everywhere else.  If you're as tired as I am of the usual, THIS is the SPOT to go with their unique an innovative dishes!!  We had a lot to eat here so forgive me for the long review.SERVICE:Greeted with a smile and promptly seated to accommodate our group of 6 as promised with our reservation.  The night we went was pretty busy so I would recommend a reservation ahead of time.  Our server explained all the popular dishes like they were being presented in front of a panel of judges on the the FOOD NETWORK.  Very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive.  On with the food! FOOD:I had to say at first thought, how great can a sushi restaurant in South Point be, I mean I see SHISHITO PEPPERS everywhere....WOW...these peppers might be the best things on the planet right now.  A perfect appetizer; their menu is much too humble.  The peppers are nice and flavorful from the grill with a miso sauce that melts in your mouth.  I could eat a hundred of these with the most authentic Japanese beer and liquor selection I have ever seen.  The TOKYO BLACK stout was especially complimenting of the meal.  And EGGPLANT FRIES nice and crunchy on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside. Truly a great texture experience for the palette. JALAPENO YELLOWTAIL sashimi; fresh as it was caught the moment we walked  into the restaurant.  Nice sizeable slices of yellowtail with a pleasant ponzu sauce.OYSTERS on the half shell, I can't remember which ones they were, but we picked the recommended ones by the server.  Once again, I swear these guys have their own ocean in the back.  Very fresh and subtly sweet with great yuzu sauce compliments. DOUBLE DOWN SALMON; I do love my salmon and this roll is perfection.  combining fresh salmon with crunchy salmon skin with salmon eggs with the ailoi cuts nicely through the richness. The 8 SECOND BULL RIDE is truly a treat for the senses. Harmonizing the ingredients much like a surf and turf into a roll.  The beef is so tender that its like velvet.DESSERT:MINI MALASSADAS are addictive!  The only complaint is that they don't give me a box of them!  I suppose its their lure of getting me back into their booth. (which is working).  Next time I'll have to try their in-house made Ramen noodles.
5	This place has the best sushi in Vegas. They now have a happy hour menu!  The little Asian bartender is the best.
5	Nice spot! Service was great and the 8 second bull ride sushi roll was the best roll I ever had!
4	Loved this place. Worked well because I love sushi but my daughter is still learning... The beef teriyaki bowl and huge, enough for 2 and so yummy. The sushi was fresh and the rolls quite tasty. The staff was helpful, friendly and accommodating. We walked in at 7 on a Thurs night and seated quickly. Would recommend to friends.
5	Time to wake up those taste buds with a quick bite!  We started off with some things that just got our mouth to water: BBQ PORK BELLY, OYSTERS and  SHISITO PEPPERS.  I was hesitant about the shisito peppers cause they were a bit simple, but that was all it needed to be.  The plates were cleared out along with the savory BBQ pork belly and fresh oysters.  The appetizers where a great start especially if its something you just want to nibble on with a drink on the side.I've been getting into trying new brews lately and the server was very knowledgeable and introduced me to a great beer line up.  Most memorable one was KOSHIHIKARI ECHIGO.  I had to make a side note just so I can find this beer again cause there was no way I could have made up an acronym to remember that.  My friend gave the perfect description feeling of a geisha underneath a waterfall...refreshing and you can't help but say ah!JALAPENO YELLOWTAIL SASHIMI!! Enough said I savored every slice! Totally fit with the one commercial, "When you really like something, you just want more. You want MORE!"   Definitely my favorite next to the dessert!  Thank goodness I still had some room for the mini malassadas! They were a warm delight with the dipping sauce finished the meal with perfect bang of satisfaction!  Definitely need to take advantage of their happy hour on my next visit!!
5	This little sushi place in the South Pointe Casino is extremely good.  I don't know why others say this place is expensive. This place is very reasonable; I would know bc I'm Japanese and eat out to Japanese restaurants all the time. Their quality of fish is much higher than the kind served up at an all-u-can-eat. Obviously noob yelpers can't tell the difference. This place also has delicious fried eggplant fries with a garlic mayo. Soo good. Oh yeah, and their California rolls are one of the best I've had. It was literally a perfect balance of fake crab, rice and veggies/avocado!  Highly recommend for a quick, delicious meal.  I only found it because my family wanted to find a casino that had bingo lol.
4	Cool modern place.  The sushi was above average and very fresh and can stand on its own.  Fresh.  If I couldn't tell by the taste, I seen them wheeling it in air tight bags on ice during lunch.  I think the strengths that put this place over the top are the non-sushi items:The black cod was crispy, flaked off the fork, was not dry at all.  In fact it is very succulent with zero "fish" taste.Pork belly was totally fantastic.  Just get it is all I can say--find room for it, share it, whatever...  just try it.The servers are good and an enjoyable bunch.  They definitely know their menu if you are not sure about something and are having trouble deciding.  They will tell you details and have had stuff on the menu themselves.I am no paid food critic--but I am not some schlub who stuffs his gullet and has no concept of what is going on.  I'm pretty surprised with 1-3 star reviews but notice they tend to be closer to when the place opened so maybe the restaurant was working through some things at their opening.
5	This is a place off the beaten path.... I came there because of all places, my parents raved about the oxtail soup.  Yes, who would think there would be that on the menu? Sure enough, there it was.  Anyway,  I enjoyed the decor and the service. Here are the menu items we selected:Dynamite Green Mussels, eggplant fries, unagi roll, ahi poke bowl, seaweed salad, tempura style banana split...All I can say is, it was all very good.... I was very happy with all of it, great flavors, freshness, and presentation.  I will come back!
5	My boyfriend and I ate here late last night for the final meal of our Vegas weekend. I am surprised that such a wonderful sushi restaurant is at South Point. It really is as good as sushi place that I have been to in Vegas or back home in Los Angeles. Just to sweeten the deal, it's inexpensive. Ridiculously inexpensive.We shared the sushi sampler, an extra order of CA Rolls and had alcoholic drinks...and left stuffed for around forty dollars. The fish was fresh and the soy sauce is house made. It was really delicious.The staff was extremely personable, with both our server and sushi chef chatting with us and making sure that we were happy. I felt like we were getting a lot of personal attention, like being a regular at a favorite bar. Zenshin was good enough that I am sure on future trips, we would make the effort to drive over, even if we were staying on the Strip.
5	Awesome!! The wait was not long at all and the staff was very friendly and helpful. First time here and the prices are really reasonable. My husband and I both had the Teryaki Chicken bowl with steamed rice and veggies, Miso soup and Pepsi and Tea. Very filling and the flavors were out of this world. My husband got sweet tea by accident and sent it back and the server was very apologetic and willing to make it right. My husband said no thank you water was fine. When we got our bill the server took that Tea off our bill. We will be back and to venture in trying the different kind of rolls they make onsite.
5	7/6: Located in South Point casino. I had previously visited on 3/29 and came back because I remember the food and service were both outstanding. This time was no different! The hostesses were friendly and beautiful as usual. Our waitress was very cordial and attentive, and our glasses were never empty. This visit was during happy hour (2-6pm all 7 days!), so I saved a few bucks. Got some pretty standard rolls (8): -California (i know, the plainest...even this was very soft and fresh)-Spicy Tuna-Philadelphia-Crunch (love it!)-Spider (this or crunch would be my favorite) -Spicy Salmon-Tekka-Salmon Skin -Cajon Albacore sashimi (nice flavor, fresh) Everything was delicious all for just $48. Relatively inexpensive for what you get at similar restaurants. We were pretty full and took the remaining couple of rolls to go. So I'd say this would be similar to AYCE...quality may be better than some places, and maybe even cheaper to leave on a full stomach. These were the cheapest rolls and they were of really good quality, so I could imagine the other rolls would be even better. Didn't have room for dessert, though I do remember the tempura ice cream was amazing. Maybe next time!Given that it's located in an average locals casino, it's like finding a diamond in the rough. I live pretty close by so I definitely plan on revisiting again and again!
4	Zenshin is located within South Point, an already great casino hotel.  What would make it better, one would wonder?  A great Asian restaurant, yes!  During my four day reservation at South Point, for the first two days, the family went to Zenshin to try out some good Japanese food.  It worked!  The food tasted great, and it came at a pretty low price.  Also, I know I say this quite often, but I rarely experience bad service: the staff came by, did not neglect us, and did not annoy us.  We never had to return anything.  The atmosphere was like the rest of South Point itself: clean, roomy, yet modern and smoke smell free.     Food quality:  In Japanese, the literal meaning of "Zenshin" is "advancement, progression, or moving forward", as can be seen on the Zenshin restaurant page on the South Point website.  This food is truly progressive, in that it makes one consider: why can't all Japanese restaurants be half-decent? Good, tasty, but filling food indeed.  There exists a large selection of selection for but a few dollars per order, and some novel combinations.  Main dishes include such delicacies as Tempura Udon.  I genuinely enjoyed every bit.     Food quantity:  Again, for only a few bucks, a very good quantity.  I think it's also AYCE, which comes at a great price as well.     Service:  The staff here are like South Point staff themselves.  Also, cue the atmosphere.  Staff are personable, speedy/efficient, and seem truly intent on living up to the restaurant's name through making progress.     Atmosphere:  The restaurant logo is a bright reddish sunset, which symbolizes the simplicity and efficiency of the Japanese culture, where the restaurant's dishes hold their roots.  The Japanese flag itself is to symbolize progress, so that's a good job done on Zenshin's part.  The interior itself doesn't reek of casino-ish smoke, which not even the actual lobby does.  The whole thing is modern, should I say.     Overall:  For an Asian restaurant inside of a casino hotel spa, it sure delivers on its primary message: to make progress in not only Vegas, but the entirety of America.  It's a pretty good restaurant too, with a flair of uniqueness.  Definitely try it out if you're into sushi or different Asian food, which I am!     4/5 stars     Food quality:  88%     Food quantity:  83%     Service:  86%     Atmosphere:  87%
5	Both the food and service were outstanding as usual! My hostess Andrea was very polite and friendly, as well as the waitstaff. I went for a light lunch and got the Unagi Roll and Hamachi Kama (yellowtail collar). So good! I will definitely revisit again!
4	I'm a sushi lover. This restaurant had great sushi. Plus, the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was modern. I highly suggest the Baked Alaskan - I usually skip over rolls without cream cheese but this one was worth giving that up. The only reason I give 4/5 stars is because the service needs a little help, not sure if they were understaffed both times I went or if it was normal. I visited on a busier Sunday night and a slower Thursday night. Both were the same type of service.
4	I'm basing this review on the happy hour menu. We had a team outing here last night and decided to check this place out. We hadn't initially anticipated doing happy hour, but since we got here before the 6pm cutoff, we decided to order a majority of our meal off the menu. They have plenty of appetizers, drinks and rolls for $5 or less on the menu. We ordered a number of different things to share. I started with a Strawberry Bangkok to drink. It was pretty refreshing, nothing amazing, but good for the price. Here is a rundown of what we ate. Hamachi kama - Not the best yellowtail collar I've ever had, but it was a nice size portion and at only $5 I can't complain. Shishito peppers - A little oversauced, but the flavor was nice nonetheless. Candy cane roll - My favorite of the night. Flavorful and refreshing. I'd definitely order this again, despite it not being on the happy hour menu. 777 roll - Not a fan, despite the $5 pricetag. The flavors were just off and I probably wouldn't order it again. Squid legs - Chewy and overcooked. Really not a fan, wouldn't recommend. Salmon poke - This dish was just ok, although there was a little too much sauce and it was a little vinegary. Eggplant fries - Second favorite dish of the night. I'm not really a fan of deep-fried food but this was light for fries. The eggplant was really tasty and well-seasoned. Skip the mayonnaise dipping sauce it's served with. It was not good. We tried a few desserts as well. No standouts, but mochi is always a safe bet. This was a 3 1/2 star experience rounded up for their happy hour value. Most of the food quality was just ok and I don't think I'd be too interested in paying full price for most of the items. Definitely a great value and worth a visit for happy hour. They accommodated our large party quite well and service was good until the end when it was time to order dessert and we couldn't find our waitress for a while.
5	The best customer service I've had at a Japanese Restaurant! My server was from Waipahu where I graduated...and showed big time Aloha! Thankyou zenshin for the awesome food and drinks!
5	Rex and Aaron were great. Awesome happy hour drinks and sushi specials. My new #1 sushi hot spot,
5	I was pleasantly surprised by just how good this place turned out.    I had eaten here once previously for sushi, and it certainly fit the bill.   On my last trip, I was craving seafood, but too tired after a long flight to search around and elected to eat in the hotel.     I had the Dynamite Green Mussels and the Miso Black Cod, both of which were fabulous!    Their wines by the glass selection was limited, but had a very nice sauvignon blanc that went great with both of these choices.    Service was vey attentive without being overly obtrusive, and fast.     I loved this so much, it will be on my agenda once again this week, and a permanent addition to the rounds for every trip (I am in LV about 6 times a year on business).
4	A gem in South Las Vegas along with Michael's & the M resort. Everything about this place transports you to a different world than the South Point, and That is a good thing.Our party of eight was whisked away to a huge round table the back where we thought we would get subpar service... That was not the case. The whole night the service was second to none. We started with drinks and right after those arrived our server asked if we would like appetizers.We started with the classic salted edamame, then garlic chicken, and gyoza. The garlic chicken was fantastic, so much so we ordered an extra one as we were licking our finger & chopstick.  I WANT THAT SAUCE!!!!!  It was sweet & garlicky & mildly firery and so much like a crack substitute I am shocked there are not addicts waiting outside the place.  The gyoza was perfect, crisp yet tender & not slimy inside.  For our main dishes, we were under time constraints so we opted for entrees meals which included soup & salad.  The miso soup while slightly salty for my taste was perfectly presented otherwise as was the simple salad that had such depth of flavor from the ginger vinaigrette that I could have just had a big bowl of that salad & been happy!I ordered the tonkatsu which was served in a huge portion, was perfectly fried crisp yet Tender inside. It was served on a bed of shredded cabbage with tomatoes on the side a wedge of lemon which I did not use, and a side of Ponzu sauce.  Others in my party ordered the chicken teriyaki, glazed I a deliciously sweet & sour sauce cooked perfectly to a juicy and tender perfection, chicken katsu, Also tried to crispy tender perfection and one of the teens ordered a beef noodle bowl, full of tender moist noodle sans soup which was served in a bowl almost as big as her head!  There was a few more that I wist I had wrote down but all tasted great (we stared tastes).Zenshin was a surprise find at the South Point Casino (my guests were staying next door at a timeshere & I was at SP) considering one of the guests wanted to go for Chinese takeout. Instead we found a fantastic place to sit down and enjoy even with the time constraints we had.  It's now a must eat every time we come to Vegas.  It's that good!  Great portion sizes.  Killer Service!!!!  Garlic chicken on the appetizer menu...GET IT!!!!!Bring mints!!!!4.5 overall
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Had to ask for utensils.LIKE  The lobster potstickers. The filet mignon. The melon and yuzu semifreddo duo. (All three are Restaurant Week items.) The friendly server.LOVE  Nothing.
5	The restaurant was an unexpected treat. My husband and I ate dinner there 4 out of 7 nights we were in Vegas.  We would have a couple of appetizers and split an order of Sushi. Favorite appetizer was the Mizo Glazed Pork Belly. Favorite dessert was the Mini Malasados.The service was excellent. The staff was friendly and kept our water glasses full.
5	Appetizer pork belly is amazing!!! Hawaii Peeps, it's like home... Miso butterfish is good and OX tail soup is better than Cal Hotel
4	We ate there the other night when the Patriots were taking down the Falcons in the final seconds of Sunday night football and when we all saw Walter White kick the bucket.Started out with the Mussels. They were probably the best ones we've had in a long time. Better than Sushi Mon, Sin City and Sushi Wa. The roll selection was pretty simple but everything tasted fresh and hit the spot after a long Sunday Funday.I would go back!
5	Ate here for two consecutive nights! The best crunch roll!! Their oxtail soup was so delish too!!! Yummmmmm!! My grandparents loved it! My husband and i used to go to downtown LV just to eat  oxtail soup but on August this year we found this place and loved their oxtail soup! The wait is not long as compared to that place where we used to go to (Market Street Cafe).I will definitely come and eat here again the next time i come to Vegas! I will definitely recommend this place to my family and friends too!!
4	Been here quite a few times. Love their happy hour. Sushi tastes fresh. Our favorite roll is the Crunch Roll. We get it everytime we eat there. The eggplant fries are SO GOOD! You have to try them if you haven't already. We tried the karaage chicken which was just okay, and the teri beef sliders. Those were good but such a small portion. Can't expect a lot from "sliders" anyways. Service can be a bit better. Especially since it's not too busy. At least that's how it is whenever we go.Overall, a good experience. Would recommend.
5	First time here and LOVEDDD it!! From the food to the experience to the set up..everything perfect! Food: hamachi sashimi soooo ono and rich, the hamachi kama was huge and cooked perfectly and the spider role was one of the best! The experience: local vibe. Coming from hawaii had local people working so was very welcoming and comfortable to eat. The set up: loved the floor, the sushi bar, the subtle little design pieces around..sooo welcoming and just relaxing! Totally be back..good thing I live 5 mins down the road!! And my #1 sushi recommendation!
4	Went on a Wednesday night and it was a pretty active night.  Not packed but most tables full.  We were seated quickly and served our drinks pretty quick.  The service was pretty good and prompt and drink refills were attended to as well as periodic check ups on how we were doing.  I had the miso soup ramen and the pork tonkatsu.  miso soup ramen was just the right amount of salty you'd expecct from miso soup.  I thought the corn was out of place in  such a yummy dish.  I ordered some Hamachi sushi and it was a nice belly piece and tasted fresh from the ocean.  I also had some tempura fried California rolls and that was the right mix of crunch.  These guys do it right.  I'd go again.  Maybe next time I will sit at the sushi bar.  Oh, the pork tonkatsu bowl was standard fare.  Nothing different from your typical Japanese/Local Hawaiian food shops around.
5	Best happy hour in town. 30 items $5 and under. Phili roll is the best I've ever had!!!
3	Having tried just about all of the places in Vegas that serve oxtail soup, this place, by far, was the best. I used to come here once a week with the family. Went back last night after a month or so hiatus and was sadly disappointed. The flavor was still delicious but it seems the pricing went up from $10 to $12 and the serving size diminished drastically. We used to get served a larger bowl that contained all of the oxtail you could handle in one sitting; 5+ decently sized pieces. Now the bowl is smaller and all 4 orders of the oxtail soup we ordered contained 2-3 pieces each. What used to be a meal that had you bursting at the seams, now left you yearning for more and leaving South Point still hungry. The flavor was still great but the value is now gone. Sad to say, we will not be returning. A little bummed since we only live 2 miles away. I even ran into some friends at the restaurant whom we made the recommendation to and was embarrassed at the disappointment that was served.
4	One of my new favorites! The food is great; we've been there twice and service was awesome both times. Prices are also very reasonable, especially given the quality of the food.I had the miso ramen, my husband loved his oxtail curry. We also had a mango tuna roll (?) which was delish - the fish was really fresh. A bit too much garlic on the chili garlic edamame, but that was good as well.The restaurant is a lot larger than it looks from the outside and is really nice inside. It looks like they have a private room. Would definitely recommend!
4	Fantastic happy hour! Ordered a cocktail, beer, two orders of sushi (eight rolls in each order), and edamame all for under $20. Server forgot our 2nd beer but otherwise service was very fast. Food was excellent.
4	This place has something for everyone.  My wife and I started going there out of convenience before attending a movie at the South Pointe.  But then we continued going back because we liked the food and the staff is very helpful.  This most recent visit I had sushi for the first time and it was very good - and reasonably priced.  We have company coming and are going to make it one of our stops on their visit.
3	I was disappointed. I had high hopes. I ordered the Hawaiian roll... Yes, it was good.. However the time out took to get my order was unacceptable. We were with a large group, that took up 3 large round tables, you would think that the management would have better prepared for this. 2 people at my table had to send their food back due to lack of freshness and incorrect preparation. The 18% gratuity they add to your Bill its a joke.. The Service was not worth that tip...  I guess they figure, I'm getting a tip anyway so Service doesn't need to be good. Getting our Bill paid was a nightmare. We asked for separate checks.. They only allow 2 per table.. Well our group was 7 separate checks..  My portion of the Bill was only 21.00.. Having to pay a tip of nearly 50% for crappy Service just killed me!  Not due to the amount, but because that tip was not with the Service.. I'm giving 3 stars because my roll was good. Will I ever come back? Probably not.. My regular sushi place is bar none, hands down, number one in food and Service.
4	I'm a fan of their happy hour. It's everyday from 2pm-6pm.  I posted a picture of the happy hour menu, so you can visualize what you might like.I came in on a weekday, around 4-5pm.  It wasn't busy, thankfully, because I was starving.  I sat myself down at the sushi bar, and the bartender quickly came by, greeted me, and got my drink and app order down.  I ordered a refreshing cucumber cocktail ($5)... it had a fancy shamncy name, but I forget what it was called.  It was a part of the happy hour cocktail menu, however, so it's easy to find.  For food, I ordered the chili edamame, furikake salmon poke, and spider roll.  Everything was good; delightful for a happy hour.  I also ordered an Asahi, $2 draft.  Will definitely be back to try the other happy hour items!
5	Food here is delicious. Service is great, staff is friendly and gotta love their Happy Hour Prices! Everything on their menu is a must. Highly recommend this place.
3	Fresh sushi, and a decent value. Service was a little slow. Though the manager noticed this and brought over an extra tempura rolls. A good lunch.
4	Nice restaurant, there's a little local flavor on the menu (local Hawaiian food). Oxtail soup is pretty good but of course it can't compare to the oxtail at Tip Top Cafe on Kauai.
4	2pm-6pm happy hour sushi rolls for $5 ONLY!! The sushi rolls are a few but they are good. Outside of happy hour, they have rollls for only $6 and the rest are still not as expensive as what I'm used to seeing.
4	We've ate at Zenshin a few times during our stay at South Point. The sushi and entries are all above average - There was one roll that was especially delicious, but I forgot the name (sorry!).  The garlic/chilli edamame was delicous, but may be have a bit too much garlic or spice for some ppl's taste - not mine...I loved it!  Great service as well.  Only downside was that they had no Sake (at all) during my last visit...
4	Beet salad, all the nigiri, foie gras chawan-mushi was soooooo yummy! Great service too!
5	Super Vegan-Friendly!! The sushi chef, Chris, was very accommodating and truly went above and beyond to make delicious rolls for me!! Their Mocato is delicious!! I also like their Seaweed salad much better than my favorite sushi place. Great job Zenshin!!
4	We came here for happy hour which is everyday from 2 pm-6 pm, we were seated quickly by a friendly young Asian lady,we started off with Strawberry Bangkok and a Money Jacket,plus we ordered karage chicken, spicy tuna sushi roll, calif.sushi roll, teriyaki chicken pizza, and miso soup all of the food was delicious also on the menu they have specialty rolls,baked & tempura rolls, sashimi, nigiri or sashimi, soups, noodles, & rice and desserts,there is no restroom inside but there is one like 25 feet away,definitely a come back to, nothing over $7.00 HH.
5	Nice little Japanese restaurant and very spacious too. Wasn't a busy night so we were seated immediately. I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and my friend ordered the Spicy Tuna Bowl. Service was very fast and the waiter was really friendly!The ramen smelled delicious when. He brought it out. However I found the broth to be a bit too salty. There were thick cuts of meat and the ramen noodles were pretty thick too. It was good but not the best. If it was less salty I would have enjoyed it more. I also got a taste of the spicy tuna bowl and wish I had got that instead! It was a pretty big bowl too! Overall I had a good experience here and will probably come back when it's happy hour :)
1	To be honest, this is the second time we came here... N for a sushi restaurant/local food joint it's subpar. The prices  are a bit high with the not so great food. This is the second time here so it's not like we didn't give it a chance.
3	Decent service, decent food, decent pricing. What's interesting about this place is it's in the casino floor of the southpoint hotel and casino.  The southpoint is an interesting people watching dynamic.  A lot of Midwesterners and middle America.  It was my first time eating sushi where I saw everyone around me with a cowboy hat on.  I was dressed in a suit and felt way overdressed by the party.  If anyone thinks sushi is a shi shi experience come to this place and you will see otherwise.
4	This place is awesome, open late, great price point, amazing garlic edamame! And strangely you may find the best Arnold palmers here! Gotta try it out
4	I've came to this place many times, I love the food we get crunch rolls, tekka rolls and eel rolls, the garlic chili edemame and cucumber salad.  The prices are great during happy hour. Usually the service is great when we get served by an asain girl with short hair or a white girl who happily serves us but the last few times we got this bigger guy. I accidently ordered a seaweed salad instead of the cucumber salad last time he served us literally 3 minutes later as i realized it, the server was no where to be found and it was coming to the table oops that was my bad i guess.... (i dont know if it was that because i was so nice and apologetic) we almost felt like he was avoiding us after that the only time he asked if we needed anything was to take our order and once towards the very end, he would fill our waters and leave without seeing if we needed anything else or how it was not even making eye contact. He wasn't busy he had like 3 small tables and was standing by the host stand. The asain girl checked up on us more then him. I work in the food service industry and this was dissapointing how his service was inattentive.  I felt kind of uncomfortable. Oh well ill still go back hopefully he's nicer or we get the girls lol.
1	Wish I could've liked this place. I only tried the Ramon. The pork was completely inedible and the egg was uncooked.  The pork belly was the texture of an over cooked pork chop that your drunken friend would've  been excited to cook for you.  I ate what I could but when the waiter asked how everything was, I had to complain.  He argued with me and basically tried to inform me that Ramon is supposed to be like this.  Uncooked egg and inedible pork? Don't think so.  After he checked with the manager they took off a whopping 40%.  Will be my last time coming here.  Thanks.
5	Yummy and inexpensive! My 2 favorite things! Happy hour makes me super happy, the service I should add was great. All smiles, prompt and helpful.I'll b back!!
3	Good sushi. Try the 8 second roll.  Sadly it was full of loud drunken douche bags while we were there which sort of ruined the mood.  The table next to us - full of adults - was screaming and catcalling and whistling, clearly disturbing other guests, and management did nothing about it.  But the food was fine so they would've had 4 stars if they controlled the aholes better.
5	We were staying at South Point for a few days and had been leaving the casino to go out to places I knew in Vegas. On the one night we wanted some Asian food but did not know what was nearby. I decided to take a chance with Zenshin and was pleasantly surprised. We got the teriyaki beef and the teriyaki chicken with the baked California rolls. It was fantastic from the service to the decor to the food. You will not be disappointed except that if you are staying at SP that they have no fridge or microwave in your room for leftovers!
5	The food is.good there . I had the ox tail soup tasty and soft. Tempura ,katsu sushi was good
5	This place is awesome! I split the eggplant fries and tempura California roll with a friend as an appetizer. I ordered the chicken Katsu as an entre and was very impressed. The chicken was well cooked and the asian BBQ  sauce was tasty. I wasn't expecting a lot out of an asian casino restaurant, but left satisfied with the authentic food and quick and friendly service.
3	This was a nice surprise. Looking for a nicer restaurant, and wasn't expecting it in the South Point Casino. The teriyaki chicken was good, flavorful, but missing some grilling - needed maybe a bit more for nice crunch. The salmon appeared to be very good.Creme brulee was very good. Loved the nice touch of the sugar netting over the dish.The yuzu-orange semifreddo was also very tasty.All in all, nice place, nice servers, nice environment, nice desserts - the entrees could maybe use a little work - they're good, just not the best.Oh yeah - Yelp check-in was silly. It was a High Five. What was it? Waiter didn't know, had to ask manager - oh yeah, it was a "high five" - no food, no discount. Silly.
5	I like it here. When I'm craving some katsu or some spicy tuna, I'll come here. Pretty cheap. My hubby enjoys this place.
4	Me and my girlfriend hit the happy hr all the time good service great prices asahi draft 2.50$ yes please... The only thing I don't like is that u can't take leftovers home???? Very Stupid
4	Good food and we received great service by the team led by Christine! Best server I've had in months!
5	This place was great the staff is extremely friendly and they all said hello and smiled kinda nice to see happy workers in a place like this... The food was also great and our server Lisa was amazing very nice checked up on us had great info about the food Lisa rocks :)The bust boys clean up fast and when we're were leaving he even said have a nice evening with a smile ... Check this spot out I hope your experience is as good as mine
3	We visited during the daily extended happy hour that runs from 2PM to 6PM.  My wife ordered a Blushing Jasmine (Grey Goose L'Orange, pama liqueur, cranberry juice, spritz of jasmine water and an eatable orchid as garnish).  I chose the strawberry Bangkok (strawberry colada, Patron silver, Malibu coconut, fresh sweet & sour, muddled strawberries with a Thai hot pepper).  We also ordered a vegetable pizza - a tasteless crust topped with eggplant, mushrooms, tomato, onion, goat cheese and tomato sauce that was undercooked.  We will return for the drinks and take a pass on the pizza.
4	Amazing happy hour specials on rolls and drinks. I come here often and the service is always really great. The managers are also very friendly. The only reason I give it 4 out of five because nothing beats fresh sushi that is close to the ocean ;)
5	Astoundingly good sushi.    Uni, toro, maguru, hamachi, sake all to die for.    Excellent desert and coffee as well.  Sit right down at the sushi bar and have Rex feed you, you won't be disappointed.
4	Great for lunch - the sushi is fresh and on point.  The service was good and it's a pretty good atmosphere.
5	I finally had a chance to eat here after it's been about a year since they've opened. I went in during happy hour around 2:30 PM on a Thursday. Not a busy crowd at that time and it's a pretty spacious restaurant so I'm liking it already. Right away I'm greeted by Leo who is by the way a genuinely very social person and good sushi chef. Whenever I look at the menu I'm never really sure what I want. So I'm always open to suggestions. And Leo made his right away! Most of the rolls were $3-$4 and they had some that were five or six.  I had their 777 roll, Salmon poke, fried oysters. $2 for Asahi beer! Pretty good rolls. I looked over their entire menu and they have a full selection and a few interesting menu items. Overall the service was very friendly. Most importantly though the service was very quick from Leo. Of course there weren't very many people in his section. But I don't know how many times I've sat down in a restaurant that didn't have a lot of people in there, yet the service seemed very slow. And sometimes when I'm dining alone I don't seem very talkative, but he got me to be social. He also let me know what was going on at the Southpoint and not just at Zenshin, such as the $5 movie specials at the movie theater. Great experience overall!
5	Stayed at the South Point for the first time and wanted sushi type of food, so my family decided to try it out since it's inside the hotel and the first time we ate here I knew I would come back. Sushi is just so good. Try to catch them on a happy hour time though cause they have a good selection for great prices.
5	My 1st impression was a good one as the sushi was reasonably priced and above average in quality.   Where they really shine is in the depth of the menu. My wife is Japanese and I recognized many of the dishes and ingredients from her cooking.  Everything we tried was excellent. We ate there all 3 days of our stay.  Even the little salad in the bento box is top notch, where other places might throw in some basic lettuce and call it good.  They will definitely factor in us choosing south point for future trips.
4	I've been coming here ever since they opened and the food, service and quality have been consistently great.  The sushi is pretty good but their cooked appetizers are the standouts.The Standouts:  Dynamite mussels - two savory morsels in every half shell.  So good.Fried Calamari - crispy fried on the outside, tender on the inside.  Comes with a nice sweet mayo sauce which gives you a great sweet/salty combo.Mini Tuna Tacos - so fresh, with a little spicy bite from the wasabi guacamole.Pork Belly - honorable mention.  Very tasty with the little white buns.Happy Hour prices are great for the above apps.
5	This is a happy hour review.You know when you step up at 5PM on a Sunday and there is a wait, something great is about to happen.  Hub and I were informed without reservation could be up to 20 minutes.  We took first available seating and got seated only after 10 minutes.  We were attending the Dat Phan comedy show, so we had plenty of time.Bartender (wish I caught his name) was super prompt.  We ordered 2 Asahi draft beers for 2 dollars....super ice cold.I ordered the 777 roll for six dollars...it was a big roll!  Hubby ordered the teriyaki sliders.  I think he expected they would be on Bao buns due to some of the reviews on here, but he still liked them quite a bit with a spicy slaw.We ordered a spicy garlic edamame.  Hub has never had, and after begging him to finally try, I almost had to slap his hands out of it.  He could not get enough.  The bill was so cheap and we had a voucher from southpoint to pay and also payed remainder with points.  Bartender once again was quick with the whole transaction and was able to keep other customers happy too.  This is a must return!
5	I was just leaving the theater at South Point when I came across Zenshin. I had already bookmarked the restaurant on Yelp as a place to try and I noticed it was happy hour (2pm to 6pm daily), so I figured I was meant to eat here.The decor was Asian inspired and everything looked clean and organized. The hostess led me to the bar and offered me the happy hour menus. For drinks, I ordered a water and a strawberry bangkok (strawberry colada - patron silver, malibu coconut, fresh sweet n sour, fresh muddled strawberries with a thai chili pepper inside) which were brought out to me quickly. The sushi chef behind the counter took my order of teriyaki beef slider (thinly sliced beef, asian slaw & spicy miso sauce), hoisin pork belly with bao buns (pickled vegetables, green onions & cilantro), and a crunch roll (shrimp tempura, crab, avocado roll, topped with crunchies & eel sauce).I enjoyed the strawberry bangkok drink and the crunch sushi roll was delicious. I had to force myself to slow down and not inhale the roll. I enjoyed the teriyaki beef slider more than the bao buns. The bao buns weren't terrible at all, they were okay. Just not my style.Both the food and service during happy hour were a joy to me, especially after the terrible happy hour I received at another place, so I definitely want to come back to Zenshin. Heck, I even want to come back here when it's not happy hour, that's how much I liked it.
5	This nice Asian restaurant inside of South Point Casino is a hidden gem. Their rib eye steak is to die for, and it's satisfying when you complement your meal with their awesome lychee martini! Their meat are soft, juicy and flavorful. In my opinion, it's one of the best steak I've ever had! Their staff are very nice and the place is family friendly.
4	They're happy hour is great! California and other basic rolls for about $3-4 and other apps like Japanese style corn dogs, deep fried oysters, hamachi, and edamame for about $2-$6. I think the happy hour hour is 2pm-6pm and I suggested making an online reservation  during happy hour time because it does get kind of busy.
2	Food was decent but overall my experience was pretty bad. My friends and I went there for happy hour. We had to wait over 20 minutes to be seated. They never apologized for the wait or reassured us that they will help us soon. The hostess even seemed unsure about the situation when we asked how long we had to wait. It wasn't even busy. My friend was on a time crunch so we were hoping we could eat together for a little bit and she could leave. The wait lessened our time and my friend told the waitress she had to leave soon so she wanted her food to go. The waitress said she couldn't do that and explained that they couldn't let her bring it to go because people take advantage of the cheap price. But my friend didn't have time because of the wait and had only ordered one roll to go which is not taking advantage of the prices They messed up her order also which made her have even less time to eat. Our waitress only came back to us once when we asked for the checks. The only person who was friendly and made it a better experience was the guy who cleared our table and filled our waters.I ordered the crunch roll which is okay compared to other sushi restaurants. The furakake salmon poke was good but would not be worth the price if it wasn't happy hour prices. I tried other restaurants that serve the same items that are better and aren't even Japanese restaurants. I would give the food another chance just because I can't judge the quality based on my 2 items I tried but hope the service wouldn't be as terrible as what I experienced.
5	Great Happy Hour ! Our family loves to eat at this  restaurant. We love the sliders. Teriyaki pizza,  crunch roll , 777 roll , and poke.  The waitress was so nice and friendly and  the food was great , Asahi  beer  for only $2.  We look forward to eating here everytime we come to Las Vegas!
2	The ambiance of the restaurant is pretty good. Friendly staff,  but bad service during non - happy hour time. 2 tables were only being served (including our's), but it seems that our server is you busy chit-chatting with other waiters. Ordered Spider roll, not as what I expected from the reviews. Oxtail soup what ok, bland. Can't go wrong with mango mochi, just well presented in a plate. Also, we didn't know we are 10 minutes before happy hour until I heard the other party next to our table. The waitress gave them an option if they're ordering for happy hour, they can wait for a couple of minutes.  That's our waitress,  but she never gave us that option. Anyway, if you have time to drive a few minutes for a great Oxtail soup, I'll go to California Hotel & Casino instead.
4	Came to South Point for a three day convention and ended up eating here three times during my trip. The poke bowl and spicy tuna bowl is amazing! The portion is big enough for two! I wish they did a bowl with half poke and half spicy tuna. Tonkatsu ramen was also good. The broth wasn't salty. I would not order the udon at this place. It looked and taste like the udon packet we buy at an asian store.I would have given this place a 5 star if it wasn't for one of their employee. The girl at the reception desk was the rudest person my group had to deal with. If you do not like you job, don't take it out on your customers. We had a group of 8 and when we got there, there were plenty of seats open. We asked the girl to put out name down and she said its a 20 minute wait. We ask if we could sit separate to make it easier and faster to be seat and all she said was give me a minute and rolled her eyes at us. We waited 15 minute and asked her how much longer do we have to wait and she would not reply. A group of 7 people came and she sat them right away. We asked she why we can't get seated when half the restaurant was free and she said they have a list of people waiting before us. THERE WAS NO ONE THERE! This girl said we can't get seated because the other people are not there yet for their dinner reservations. Ten minute later and yet no one else showed up. We finally got seated after another girl came to take over the position.Horrible hosted! Other then her, our waiter was great and very informative!
4	a hidden gem no doubt...Hamachi kama, 8 second bull ride, Cali roll, everything was really good and our waiter Kason did a nice job.  Im a fan and Ill be back.
5	The food is fantastic!  Worth checking out!  We ordered the shrimp and vegetables tempura appetizer.  I ordered the spicy tuna classic sushi roll which was very fresh and tasty!!   I scarfed it down.  I would have ordered seconds but I knew I would have to finish eating my daughter's food.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki entree for my girls to share.  The portion was a good size and it came with soup and a small salad.  Needless to say, we had leftovers.  The chicken was very light and delicious. The sauce was not too heavy or sweet.  Grandma ordered the shrimp tempura rice bowl which my youngest loved!  Grandma said her dish was very delicious!  Next time we are in town, I would make sure to stop by here again.
5	Celebrated my birthday here and I must say, everything from the service to the food was superb! We were immediately seated, food + drinks arrived pretty fast, and the staff were very attentive! You MUST get the Strawberry Bangkok for starters! Tonkatsu Ramen was great too as well as all sushi platters!
5	Zenshin has it all! Chef Rex, Chris, and Jason are the best! And Jessie ... the mixologist extraordinaire is amazing!
3	Food: I've only come here during the Happy Hour and ordered from the HH menu. I've been here a couple of times now and was disappointed to see that their Eggplant Fries are no longer on the HH menu. It reminded me of Portobello Fries but more tender.  Although there wasn't much flavor to it, the dipping sauce complimented it well. These were probably my favorite on their HH food menu. I've had the Chili Garlic Edamame as well and I really liked the flavor here. It was a good amount of seasoning that really fought out the flavor of the edamame. We also had the Ahi Poke, which was really good, but I felt I could have fresher fish elsewhere. I really like the fact they have a number of sushi rolls on their HH menu, and what now looks like some kind of pizza. I probably will try one of these during my next visit. Environment/Ambiance: The restaurant itself is tucked in a small corner of the casino and is a bit small, with booths lining the walls and a large sushi bar in the middle. It's a very open area that's connected to the casino floor. It looks as though they may get a bit busy during their Happy Hour so sometimes there's a bit of a wait.Service: During my first visit, I don't remember our server being negligent. During our second visit, our server was attentive...at first. But when she noticed that we were just ordering drinks (we had already eaten and were planning on eating later) we saw her less and less. She only checked on us once and that was just to see if we wanted a refill on our drinks. It came to the point where I honestly thought she had forgotten she was our server as she walked by us a number of times without even a glance our way. We were on a time crunch and we couldn't even flag her down to ask for the check.Tips: They have great deals for the Happy Hour, which is every day from 2pm-6pm, but come early as it can get a bit busy.
5	Awesome food and service!!!  The sushi rolls are phenomenal!!!  Try the Baked Alaskan!!!  Our waitress was very friendly and kept our drinks topped off.  High quality food at an affordable price!!!
5	The food and customer service is fantastic here, I usually come here after watching a movie in Southpoint and I am never disappointed. I usually get Rory as my waiter and he is a fantastic server of the restaurant, always alert and in a positive mood. A few dishes I recommend is the oxtail curry with rice and can last you up to a few days to finish since it is so massive. All their sashimi dishes are wonderful and fresh, you cant go wrong with the eggplant fries or shisito peppers. One of the main reasons I choose to watch movies at SP is because I love to dine here.
5	Omg the food is awesome! I got the yellowtail collar, teriyaki chicken pizza, crunch roll and California roll. I got all this for happy hour so it was a good deal. The yellowtail collar was amazing. It was so moist and mild. I wanted the salmon collar but they ran out. I'm glad I tried this because I was pleasantly surprised. The teriyaki chicken pizza was so good. It took a while to come out but it was the star of the show. It was so fresh and good, I was in heaven. What really stole the show was the crunch rolls. My friend kept begging me to try them and I was hesitant because I don't like any kind of rolls. I don't know why but I don't like seaweed! After much pleading I finally tried it. I was so amazed because these were the best I ever had! I haven't tried too many but I did not taste the seaweed at all. My friend said she can't even get them anywhere else because they were the best she's ever had. I will be getting my own order when I go back. I would never expect South Pointe to have such an amazing Japanese restaurant, but this place is amazing. I really like the customer service, the prices, and most importantly the food. I haven't been this pleased in a while. I can't wait to come back!
5	I am very impressed! Stayed at south point, for Penn's director's cut kickoff party. Went for the happy hour at lunch time 2pm on Saturday.We got asahi draught beer on cheap, a big seaweed salad, exceptional pork ramen bowl, and a Philadelphia roll that was generously large and had perfect fish. Amazing banana fosters lumpia to complete the experience. Shout out to stellar service from Christine! Fantastic experience, do not miss it.
4	This is the best place to eat at the south point hotel.  They have lots of inventive sushi makis on the menu. Try the hamachi kama.  Friendly staff, skilled sushi chefs. They have a happy hour at 2:00pm - 6:00pm. Everything is fresh. Highly recommend.
4	Went to this restaurant for the first time last week specifically for their happy hour. There was a small wait (obviously popular towards the end time of 6!) but the hostess did a great job managing and turning the tables for the guests. I have had poor experiences with restaurant food quality during their happy hour periods but this exceeded my expectations. Though I didn't order from the regular menu, all of the items ordered from the happy hour menu were fantastic - didn't get the impression that these were "downgraded" versions of their full price dishes. Definitely will return.
4	I came here with friends for Happy Hour (2-6pm) before going to the movies. We had a to wait a while for a table since we couldn't sit at the bar because we had somebody under 21 with us. They finally opened another section of the restaurant and we got seated. The interior is quite nice and something I didn't expect from South Point.Their HH menu includes: edamame, seaweed salad, kurobuta corn dogs, gyoza, garlic chicken bites, chicken lettuce wraps, karaage chicken, fried oysters, ika geso, teriyaki beef sliders, soft-shell crab sliders, salmon kama, pizza, sushi rolls, cocktails, beer and wine. Their regular menu looked promising. They have oxtail soup, for example. Since we only had a few minutes left before our movie starts, we only ordered a few things: Philadelphia roll, Spicy Tuna roll and 777 roll. I normally prefer un-Americanized sushi but for $5-6/roll, why not?We told our server that we had a movie to catch so, our food came pretty quick. It was waiting for a table that took forever.
5	So so good!! Everything is delish!! No kidding, think we have ordered everything and all is so good. Can't sing enough praise!
3	Zenshin asian restaurant (JAPANESE) is located inside of the South Point casino next to Steak and shake. I ordered the fried noodles with vegetables for takeout ($10) add $2 for chicken or $4 for shrimp Japanese-style fried noodles with onions carrots green onions bonito flakes and pickled ginger. The dish was very tasty with good texture not overcooked but after a while was salty and not consistent. Would've loved to give these folks a 4 star but due to the saltiness and three glasses of cold water after my meal I decided to give them 3 star! The folks where friendly taking my order quick and fast! YES I would go back because... I give many places a second chance even after three stars next time I will order but request little or no salt!
1	My husband and I went here one night just to try out a different Japanese/Asian restaurant. We were standing by the hostess waiting to be seated for about 15min with no one else in line but us, although we could understand that she was on the phone with another customer who had a lot of questions. Regardless, I wish the manager, who was walking around just asking people how their dinner is, could have given us any of the many tables that were available that night. After we were seated, the server took about another 15-20min to get to us and said she thought our order was taken already. She was nice about it though but I still expected a little more than that.My husband had their beef teriyaki and I had a couple of their sushis. His beef teriyaki was extremely disappointing as the beef seemed old and re-heated. It had an ok flavor to it but the quality of the meet was just terrible. The two rolls I ordered were just ok and had too much rice packed into it. There was nothing memorable about it at all. Paying more than $70 for a meal that I would have quickly tossed in the trash was painful. The one star I'm giving this restaurant is for our server who was kind enough to keep coming back to re-fill our hot tea. Other than that, I would never recommend anyone I know to this place to waste their money. There's a lot of other better Japanese restaurants in town.
5	Everything was excellent. Especially loved the steak that was one of the daily specials.
4	I love it here. It's one of my favorite happy hours for food in town! It's never too busy so getting a seat within 20 minutes is definitely reasonable. My personal favorite roll during happy hour is the 777 roll. And for dessert, though it's not on the happy hour menu, is the fried banana lumpia!
5	Good price on happy hour. The foods are taster too. Must try.. Happy hour from 2-6 pm.
5	Boyfriend and I were at Southpoint Hotel and Casino for their Discount Tuesday at the movie theaters, where the movies are only $5 (amazing deal by the way) and we wanted to catch the 9:35pm showing of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, but it was sold out and so was the 10:20pm, so we chose the 10:55pm one. Anyhow, we got our tickets and wanted a place to eat. Because we've never been here before, we decided to try it. And OMG, so glad that we did. The service was great. It was quick and the atmosphere, setting, mood was sooo nice that it really made my boyfriend and I forget that we were in a casino. It just really felt like a restaurant to us. We wanted a table where we could sit next to each other, but we chose the sushi bar instead because we didn't wanna cause the trouble of the hostess moving tables around and stuff for us. We didn't interact too much with the waiter or the sushi chefs, but when we did, they were so kind and totally recommended us to come back for their happy hour. The food was also really good. My boyfriend got the beef teriyaki and I got the chicken stir-fried noodles and it was not what we expected at all. It was more than what we expected. We thought it was just gonna be a mediocre type of place, but the price is totally reasonable for the food. Awesome experience! We will definitely be coming back here. Thanks!
5	Its not easy finding a great Japanese restaurant with:-Great service    (water refills on deck)-happy employees    (always smiling)-Instant Greeting   (greet right when you walk in)-Nice setting-Great food choicesCame here during happy hour 2-6pmOrdered the Ahi Poke Bowl and A Crunch Roll.Ahi =$12Crunch Roll= $5 (happy hour)No regrets.Im coming back to try their food.GREAT SERVICE :)
5	I gave them 5 stars because 1, my order was delicious . Perfect, I should say. 2, awesome customer service. From the hostess to the waiter. I ordered garlic chicken and I'm very picky with mine. I haven't liked any garlic chicken from any other place except for Island Sushi's. Luckily, this place is owned by the same owner (says the waiter) so the recipe was the same. I was very satisfied  Everyone at my table liked their food as well.  Spicy tuna roll and ultimate shrimp roll.
5	What a great Asian joint! The service was superb. Our server (Rory) was very attentive, accommodating and knowledgable about the menu/wine list. He had a nice personality and was courteous without being overbearing. The food was tremendously better than expected. I ordered a tempura roll, with the chicken teriyaki entree and my boo ordered the hibachi salmon. Both entrees included miso soup (which I don't like in general), but our server was able to give me an extra serving of salad, instead of miso soup. The salad was exceptionally fresh! Although I'm a sushi virgin, the tempura roll was delicious ;-)  My teriyaki chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection. The chicken wasn't dry, like most dishes. Although I did not taste the salmon, it looked very appealing! The presentation of the dishes was admirable..I left feeling full, but not heavy...like I usually feel after eating...especially when the good is good. Lol. The food was light, healthy and FRESH!I will definitely eat here again. Please note, this hidden gym is located inside of the Southpointe Casino.
5	One of the best japanese restaurant in town!! I go here at least once a week very good service and the food is really good  Try there Happy Hour from 2pm-6pm !!! But anyway i just noticed that the price went up and its all good , i pay for the food quality and service anyway
5	It always has been enjoyable eating here!  Good, fresh food - great price. I especially like that they have Asahi on draft. I like to have the Uni here and their sashimi is terrific. I would recommend to anyone in the area.
5	Sushi and happy hour is a must here!!!
2	I got nothing against with this restaurant, food is good and service is good. But i noticed everytime i order for pick up, i always missing something, like my soup or salad etc. Its not the only first time this happend. Kinda dissapointing now that they dont check the order before giving it to the customers.
5	Great at a good price, especially for the quality & variety. Also, very good service from Garrett & his recommendations were terrific.
2	I expected alot more out of a 4 star on yelp and 124 reviews. The happy hour is totally disappointing. They limit the happy hour to their most likely least sold items. They have alot of great ideas, but they don't really listen to the customer. The happy hour was dead on a Friday. What does that tell you? Your happy hour sucks . . . Happy hour is not just about cheap drinks. Its about good food at a more experimental price. I left there with an unsatisfied feeling. If you are going to do a happy hour, make it a happy hour, don't get so serious with determining what is on and not on the menu at that time. You gotta play it smart. I get that, but do smaller portions if you have to of your best selling, but put out a bad showing. It seemed like all the items you didnt sell the day before are on the Happy Hour menu. You lose brand loyalty that way. This was a let down. Just goes to show you Yelp is not always right.
2	Mediocre at best. The yellowtail sashimi was good, but the tuna and salmon tasted refrigerated for quite a while. Did not taste fresh. And 32 bucks for a low quality sashimi special is a lot too expensive. Give me fresh sashimi and I'll be ok with that price.
5	One of thee best places to have sushi! Always fresh, and so full of flavor! Their menu is filled with different dishes such as miso ramen, sashimi, garlic chicken and poke! We always have sushi and a variety of appetizers! The atmosphere is casual and the servers there are very helpful! The server we had his name was Gerrit! It's located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino!
5	One of the best places I have ever had dinner. Everything was perfect! The ox tail soup and the uni were fantastic as well as the drinks and the other rolls. The service is a bit slow with the food, but the wait staff is fantastic and full of advice to help with choices! Will return before I leave Las Vegas!!!!!
5	Yum! Came here for my birthday dinner. We were seated right away and our waiter was very friendly. We ordered miso soup, 2 orders of albacore and about 5 rolls total. I got the unagi roll and the spicy albacore roll. Husband got the rainbow roll, spicy tuna roll and 1 other roll I'm not remembering. Everything we tried was excellent and tasted fresh. Loved it! We didn't have to wait too long for the food either. I think the only thing I wasn't crazy about was the ponzu sauce that we got on the side for the albacore. It was too sweet for my taste. But totally not a deal breaker for me. We'd come back again for sure!
4	We were staying at the Southpoint Hotel for a convention and found this gem. The sushi was really good, though a bit trendy. But hey, it's Vegas! The service was pretty good and their dessert lumpia was to die for.
5	Back at the best sushi place ever! This time we had the tiger roll, tempura roll and garlic chicken! Beyond delicious as always and fresh! You can never go wrong with Zenshin! The staff members are always friendly and helpful. And the vibe is calm and cool! Still haven't had any drinks there but that's only because I don't drink. It's all about drinking water so that you don't miss a single flavor of their food! Thanks again Zenshin, our experience is always an amazing one!
5	I love this place. Its a sister company of island sushi and grill. But I think their best chefs are here now. They have happy hour 4-6pm and a late night one but I can't remember the time. I think its 9-11pm. Happy hour prices are $5-6. Service is great but I might be biased cuz my bf hangs out with them. Definitely order eggplant fries. Try the oxtail curry bowl. Order poke if you love poke. Chicken karaage is great. Tempura ice cream is awesome. Skip the brownie delight because the edges will be hard. Oh and the host manager might pronounce your name wrong so if he's calling out names when you're waiting try to go up and double check.
4	Their rolls are amazing! Must try the 8 second bull ride (surf & turf w/ truffle essence) and the eggplant fries!! Service could be better.
4	Loved the miso soup and my tempura roll! The only thing that keeps me from giving this place five stars was the server that we had -- He was more interested in showing off his bottle opening skills than paying attention to our needs. I would definitely return here!
5	So we were at it again! Happy Hour was happening on this Saturday evening! And this time we got to take our kids who were visiting from L.A and our grandkids! Of course they loved it! Ordered the chicken teriyaki pizza and the ultimate shrimp this time along with some of our faves! I have now found out that Zenshin is kid friendly too! Our granddaughter had the chicken teriyaki bowl and she loved it! Definitely recommend Zenshin for everyone! We always find something new to try and the prices during happy hour can't be beat! Thanks for the staff for always being on top of our orders!
3	Had reservations the other night and was not seated until 15 minutes after arrival. Place was not busy. Disappointed that they took in others without reservations before us. One star off for that. The food was good. Happy hour specials were the way to go. Hamachi grilled collar was excellent along with the Chile spiced edamame which tasted more like black bean sauce. Had the poke bowl which was more than filling but wouldve appreciated less of an amount with better quality fish. When you want the convenience of eating Japanese food where you are staying then this fits the bill. Otherwise there are better places around.
5	Wow! !!  Just wow!   The friendliest staff.   Everyone was so helpful.  The food is delicious.   I really enjoyed everything.   I highly recommend this place.   I haven't had REAL Asian food in years.  So glad I stopped in.  Thank you,  Zenshin!!!
5	Great service, great food and good atmosphere. Love the happy hour! Super inexpensive and great eats
2	Salmon was dry, falling apart... not fresh. Tuna was bad too. Veggie Garden roll is great -- but that's not what you go to a sushi restaurant for.
4	Great Happy Hour Deals, Good Food, Nice Atmosphere, definitely recommend this restaurant to hang out for happy hour
4	Happy Hour from 2-6pm!Mom and I went on a Monday evening (prior to seeing White Christmas at the Cinemark upstairs.)We got there around 5:40pm and still had 20 minutes left on the HH menu!  And what's great is that the HH menu is available in the regular dining area.SCORE!So... we had $3 Asahi draft beers, veggie pizza (more like a flatbread that was surprisingly good), potstickers, sweet thai chili chicken and a chicken garlic bowl.Both chicken dishes were great.  I was surprised.  I figured it was just ... ya know... plain chicken with sauce... nope... both were juicy and had wonderful flavor.I think we liked the sweet thai chili chicken the best.  It had the whole sweet / hot thing going on.Service was nice, and the food came out as it was ready... not all at once which really worked for us so that we could nibble here and there.Since it was Monday... it wasn't crowded. I bet on the weekends it is tho.We will be back... especially for HH!
3	My husband and I went here on busy Christmas Day for dinner. We got seated right away at the sushi bar, but it took a bit for our server to come and take our order.For drinks, we got Sapporo ($6.50 for a large) - a classic choice at a Japanese restaurant. To start we got the gyoza, which was decent. We got the Philly rolls, which were actually really tasty with good ratios of the ingredients. For our entrees, we each got the tonkotsu ramen. It was just so-so, though I know that our assessment may be colored by the fact that we live in a ramen mecca in San Diego. That being said, there were some inconsistencies. For example, my egg was poached with a soft yolk, while my husband's had a hard yolk. The pork was kind of fatty, too. Also, though we ordered two ramens, they initially brought out udon for my husband, and it took at least 5 minutes to get it corrected. However, our server did comp our beers for the mix-up, which I thought was nice.Overall, I'd probably visit again, but I might try something else other than the ramen.
5	Great happy hour 2 to 6 daily.  Plus staff very nice. Beer 3. Sake 5. Cocktail 6. Karaage chicken. 450. Best hamachi Kama 6.  Rolls 5/6. And mini pizza for non sushi eaters at 6..... And movie theater upstairs.  Great from anywhere on town but especially us in south
3	This little place is located in the right hand side, back of the South Point hotel and casino, next to Steak'n Shake. First time here was a year ago and the sushi was great. Second time here I decided to get one of there signature entrees. Not very flavorful and the portion was a bit smaller than I'd imagine. But lovely service, very accommodating and I don't feel so bad about my experience because I had a $25 off dining coupon from the Grandview.
3	We heard the food was good, but when we got in line and after 10 minutes we got to the front, we agreed to the bar and we're told we were next for a table and decided to wait for one to be cleared.   After 4 other couple's  were seated ahead of us,  then we were offered a bar seat, after 10 more minutes, which we took.   Even when no food had arrived, and 2 more tables opened they let us stew at the bar with no food. Food was good, but service lacking.
1	Super slow service. Not busy but we waited like 20 minutes to get our order taken. Don't order the chicken lettuce wraps. Don't know what it was, but it couldn't be chicken. When our rolls came we had to ask for wasabi and ginger.  They brought three out of our six drinks. We had to ask for the complete order. Unfriendly.
4	This food here was really delicious and I was actually quite surprised. It was a little dead when we walked up and  everyone seemed to be waiting in line at the burger joint so I was concerned that it was due to the quality of the food that everyone already knew about so I was hesitant to try it even when we made the decision because I really hate bad Asian food. We wanted healthy and not grease so we took the plunge and I'm so glad we did.   I had a bowl w/brown rice and my husband had a beef bowl w/brown rice as well both w/teriyaki  The  sauce they used was so good and mixed well with all ingredients to deliever a very fresh and hearty flavor. It wasn't too heavy and it was the perfect amount. Waitstaff was nice and did their job well. As we were leaving it started to pick up which made sense, we must have lucked out during a down time. If your staying at the hotel, don't hesitate to try it. Prices are very reasonable and they have sake and fresh sushi as well.
