4	This is an easily found restaurant particularly if you intend to visit the Edinburgh Zoo or stay in the large Holiday Inn Hotel which are both almost directly opposite. The building was known as an hotel in the past but the exterior and interior have under gone a massive refit which means you sit in comfort with well laid out tables and AC for keeping you cool or hot etc.I tried to lunch menu which is set with the option to buy either all 3 courses or just one. The evening main menu is even better with nothing too much bother to change to your taste by the host Ms Tracy Chu.I know a lot of groups or parties are held here and the service never seems to suffer as a result. You can inform the restaurant of what party members wish to have included in their meal and any special diet taken care of.Parking is OK after 6.30 pm and most times during the day except for bus lanes in rush hours. If you go at weekends or bank holidays its best to book or call in early as it gets very busy.Well yes its my local and a very appreciated with all the changes and excellent food. I might just give it 5 stars after my next visit !
5	Friendly, nice staff, that are quick to help and great Chinese at an affordable price. I live close by and I regularly go here as its very good food. It gets a 5 star in my book.
4	Why I took so long to cross the road from the hotel to this little gem is beyond me.The service and decor are excellent and the food is simply superb. They have real chopsticks too!Highly recommended.
5	Having spotted this on a bus into town from the Edinburgh Capital Hotel the previous day I thought I must give it a go. After a day at the zoo you work up quite an appetite, it's hilly! We headed over the road to dine. As Chinese is a favourite of ours we were looking forward to this meal, after all the previous reviews are singing its praises.We walked in to a lovely ambience of gentle background music and were shown a nice table in the windows. The staff were really friendly and polite.We ordered Peking Ribs, Lemon Chicken, Fillet Steak Cantonese Style, Chinese Greens and Young Chow Fried Rice. This was easily enough food for 2 hungry people. The quality of the food was excellent and great flavours, possibly the best Lemon Chicken I've ever tasted, and there's a long list to rate against!This was washed down with a few lovely Tsing Tao beers. If I'm ever in the area again I'll be returning here!
