3	Franktuary's truck serves a much smaller menu than its Downtown location: hot dogs without the fancy fixin's.  Ketchup, mustard and relish are available for you to add yourself, of course.  At least when I visited the truck, they only had two of the three dogs that the Downtown eatery has: the veggie dog and the organic grass-fed beef. The veggie dog seemed pricey at $3.25, considering that I couldn't get anything on it beyond the DIY condiments, but I gave it a shot.  I caught a glimpse of the veggie dog package--totally Smart Dogs, which I can buy at the grocery store.  Meh.  The two sides available at additional cost ($2 each) were french fries or fried pickles, and I went with the latter.  I don't know how awesome the organic hot dog is, but the veggie dog was just okay.  The bun was fine.  The pickles were sliced thinly and then fried with some sort of cornmeal coating.  They were okay, too, but probably not something I'd order again.  I'd still like to visit the downtown location to try the extended menu and to say that I've eaten hot dogs in a church basement, but I'll probably pass on the truck if there are other food options in the area.
3	I tracked down this food truck an obscure parking lot on the South side near the Hot Metal Bridge-  I had a Veggie Hawaiian dog and fries with cheese curds.  Good find and fun eats but I was a long wait for fast food. Paint the truck.
4	Had a great lunch again but this time no wait and I liked the Basil Dog- I also had a tofu dog with a funky mustard.  I do like the truck and the heart of the owners- The truck still needs painting or a wrap.  Eat up.  I'll be back soon.  Yum.
3	I was thrilled to see the Franktuary truck outside of the Hold Steady show at the Braddock library. such a weird venue for a show, and it was hard to find, so we weren't able to grab dinner beforehand.I opted for the local dog and a mexican coke. my boyfriend had the same, with a side of fries.The hot dog was good, not greasy at all, and cooked perfectly. The bun was a generic type hot dog bun, but they toasted it, so that helped it be a bit more than just a generic hot dog bun.The sweet and spicy mustard was good; it reminded me a lot of the sha-sha sauce at B Spot, only a bit more sweet and tangy.The fries were steak fries, and were cooked perfectly. It tasted like they put sea salt on them.Overall, a good experience.
4	What's that coworker?~~~~~~~~There's what?????~~~~You're telling me there's a truck, selling hot dogs, parked right outside our office?~~Screw this PBJ, it's time for some beef!~~~Local organic grass fed beef.  Is that supposed to taste better?~~~I don't know man, I don't know if I really want to try chic pea puree and garlic aioli.  That sounds like a pretty bizarre way to screw up a perfectly good frank.~~~~~~~What the $%@#?  How much did you say that was?~~~It's a hot dog, with some hippie stuff on it.  Why should I pay that much?  OK fine, I'll get one since you're so insistent.~~What the $@&*# is this?  This is like the tiniest frank I've ever seen.  Let alone how much I paid for it---and it's covered in green crap that isn't relish!  This better be the best freaking hot dog of my life man.~~~~HOLY #^%@!  I didn't know a hot dog could taste like this.  It's like a flavor explosion in my mouth.  Hippies are awesome! Thanks for the recommendation!~~~~~Yeah, you were right.  Again.  It's too bad it was so expensive for such a tiny dog.
5	The Frankturary food truck has been the light of my life during the Scarehouse season. They've been outside of our haunt all season. They offer 3 different hot dogs (standard, grass fed beef, veggie) they also have delicious fries you can either get them boring or putine (vegan gravy & cheese curds) the fries are perfectly crisp. They also offer speciality dogs. They one I had was an apple chutney with pumpkin seeds, accompanied by a hot apple cider it was the perfect fall treat. Also the peopleWho work the truck are very friendly, service with a smile. Follow them on twitter for up to date locations!
4	I've been stalking these guys on twitter for a while since I had heard good things. Today's tweet revealed that they were in Oakland at "Soldiers & Sailors". "Hot Dog!' thought I, knowing what a terrible pun it was.It was almost not to be as I assumed the truck would be parked with the other trucks and waited nearby for 10 minutes. Not so! They are parked literally on the steps of  Soldiers & Sailors. Ordered the veggie dog with 'kraut and a side of "boring" (aka plain) fries. Fries were great but I was quickly jealous of the guy in front of me who got them with vegan gravy and cheese. I shall not make this mistake again. Veggie dog was... fine. I'm guessing boiled which I've found is not my favorite way to cook a tofu pup. Makes it really bland. I think maybe next time I'll ask them to pop it in the deep fryer like the guy behind me did (smarty pants) OR ask for a little vegan gravy right on the dog. Still, I appreciate a business who makes an effort with veggie customers. And let's face it... it's just plain ol' fun to order from a food truck! I'm glad Frank and I have moved beyond the stalker phase into the beginnings of a beautiful relationship.
5	I think this thing was following me around this city this past week.  Smart move, very smart move.  How could I resist that temptation to have a hot dog whenever I want it?  I mean, to be able to walk up, tell them I want a hot dog and ta-da my wish is granted.Delicious, delicious, delicious, that's all I can say about this place (or should I say truck since it is not bolted to the ground?). I stuck to the standard dog, no one can go wrong with that.  I was so tempted to try the Memphis dog, but I got my old reliable.  I also wanted some poutine, but, to no fault of their own, they were out!  I mean you can't hold that against them if they ran out because EVERYONE wanted some.If I wouldn't go broke because of my appetite for some good hot dogs, I would follow this truck around the entire city.  I'd put a tracking device on that thing.Staff personalities range depending on the day and the amount of people in line.  Huge bonus that they take cards too, it's a love/hate thing for technology.  Swipe my card and then watch me sign the screen like a kindergarten student.God, I feel like after writing this I could be like Jennifer Coolidge in the Legally Blonde movie.  "Makes me want a hot dog real bad!"
3	I wanted to love everything about this truck.  How can you not love someplace that sells delictable hot dogs and one of my favorite indulgences, poutine?!  The answer is improper planning.  I've tried to eat at the truck three times and only gotten food twice.  Once was at the Pittsburgh Jazz Festival.  I saw the truck on my way in to volunteering and made note I'd stop on the way out.  When I came back (with about 4 hours still left in the Jazz Fest for that day) they were out of french fries and their specialty hot dog.  Basically all you could still get was a basic hot dog which I wasn't in the mood for.  So I passed and figured I'd get to try them again.  The next time I saw them, they had french fries but were apparently out of cheese curds.  I understand it can be hard to estimate what crowds will be like, but to be out of main items two of the three times visted seemed like there are issues in properly planning.When I finally tried their poutine, I do have to say it was worth the wait.  It was extremely flavorful and the portion size was nice.  It made me feel like I was transported back to getting poutine from one of the fry trucks that are plentiful in Canada.  I really enjoyed the hot dog as well.  What I didn't enjoy was the price.  I understand you pay for convenience and for a higher quality hot dog, but the prices were a bit high for what you got.Overall, very enjoyable.  Hopefully they have the food stocking issue resolved.
5	Now let me start this review off by putting out the disclaimer that I am not the biggest hotdog fan however these are some damn good hotdogs!I went with the Under Dog (a New Zealand grass fed beef hotdog) I added onions, ketchup, mustard, relish, hot sauce, bacon and a little mayo. It was EPIC! the casing on the dog had a nice snap to it. Every bite was like a exposion of different flavors. There was defiantly a party going on in my mouth! The toasted bun was a nice touch also.I also had a order of Frites. (hand cut fries)  They were cooked perfectly, nice and crispy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside.They also offer Poutine Frites (hand cut fries with fresh cheese curds and gravy) and drinks including Mexican Coca Cola, San Pellegrino sodas and Snapple Iced Tea.For around 10 bucks you can get a dog, fries and a drink. Not bad at all in my book.
5	It took me a long time, but at long last I got to grab some grub from the Franktuary Truck last weekend. It admittedly took me a little while to get around to this because I'm not the biggest hot dog person. But after hearing so many rave reviews - and even tasting a friend's order of French fries at a Yelp event (they were delicious and perfectly done, by the way!), I gave their actual hot dogs a shot. And all I have to say is, yum! I got a grass fed beef hot dog and, since I was feeling adventurous, topped it off with onions and ketchup. (I say adventurous because I normally eat plain hot dogs on the rare occasions I do eat them.) Of course the hot dog itself was delicious - grass fed beef is miles ahead of the typical hot dog. But I was surprised by how much I liked the onions with it. Not that I dislike onions, but in my experience a lot of onion-topped hot dogs just don't taste good. I think a lot of onion topping is cooked to the point that there's no flavor left and the texture just ruins the hot dog for me. But not at the Franktuary Truck! I bet it was chopped and cooked not long before it made its way onto my meal. The result? My tasty beef hot dog was topped with fresh onions that tasted fresh and had a delightful crunch to them.So yep - the food is delicious and the prices are pretty darn reasonable for what you get (my hot dog was $4, a regular one is $3). I will absolutely keep an eye out for this food truck in the future - I'd love to try one of their specialty hot dogs soon. And I definitely want to try their poutine on a day that I can make it to the gym after I gorge myself!
