4	As Danny Glover said "I'm getting too old for this sh*t!"Even though I'm rounding 30 I still have the desire go to night clubs, drink, dance, and judge other young ladies on their outfits.I have been to a couple other clubs in Charlotte and this is the definitley the newest and coolest to hit the NC Music Factory or even a 50 mi. radius.  I was lucky enough to get VIP entrance and treatment the first 2 nights they opened as a guest of the comic I featured for next door at The Comedy Zone, Mr. Tom Green ( wicked nice, wicked cool ).  I almost had a seizure the first night because I was not ready for all the strobe lights, but a kind bouncer escorted me to the Red Lounge which was much more doable for me.  They next night when T-Pain was there as DJ it was a lot more fun, and no spazz outs from my brian censors.  Fun music, hot servers ( I mean serisouly I have to be fair ), nice bartendersI have no idea how much anything costs, but I'm sure it's worth the time you have.
2	One word that describes Label is overated... This club's interior is very nice but when I walked in the first thing that I noticed was that everyone was standing around trying to be cool. I thought the point of going to a night club was to dance and mingle and to have a great time. To the club patron's defense though the club is poorly designed because people don't have enough room to dance. The only good thing about this place is there did seem to be some diversity.... It's obvious that this is the last time that I will ever go to Label.
1	Label is a huge letdown.  They call themselves a "mega club", but I have never heard of any club not having a dance floor!!  I think they should change the name from LABEL to TABLE, because thats pretty much all it is.  They took what could have been an amazing club, and put tables where the dance floor should be.  So now all you have is a kind of moat of people standing around looking confused.  Its really a shame because the place has potential.  Good music and a nice atmosphere, but the energy is stale all night because no one can move.  The only place you can dance is behind the DJ booth and in front of the bathrooms.  So, that being said...I think its a great "bar" that plays great "club music"....but the two together is just a mess....
1	I will never go back there again... we had 9 people all of us nicely dressed except for my brother in law that flew in from Hawaii (marine) for his sisters  birthday. he was wearing a polo jeans and work boots.. we were at VB GB for a while and then went to Ohso for a drink.. the birthday girl wanted to dance so we figured to head to Label.. the cover charge was 15 bucks.  and they wouldn't let in my brother in law because he had on boots.. then proceeded to blame it on his attitude after they wouldn't let him in.. I just think it's really wrong to not let in somebody that serving your country.  he's 25 and mature enough to handle a situation and not hurt anybody with his boots..
4	I visited Label for a jazz show, Alex Bugnon.  The venue is rather small.  There is a bar on either side of the middle which I believe would be the dance floor.  For the show, the sofas were lined up in the middle over the dance floor.  Twenty minutes before the show, there were no seats to be had.  There was a staff member who refused to allow us to go up to the balcony where seats were available.  She was rude so I dismissed her.  A bouncer (I presume) assisted us in accessing the area with seating.  Fifteen minutes later, just before the show as to begin, there were far more people than seats for a sit down show.  This showed a lack of organization.  Thirty minutes later, about 10-15 chairs were brought in; however, there were still not enough for others to sit down.  In any case, the bar was busy, waitresses were pleasant, and the show was fantastic.
4	After one visit I can honestly say this is one of the more upscale places to go out in Charlotte.  Of course it's mostly a 20 something's crowd but who cares right?  Our group popped in after Second String Santa and the place began to really get packed so we grabbed a VIP couch spot and the service was great honestly.  I'm not a big fan of when they lock the bottle up but I do understand why.The music is mostly trance/techno so if that's not your style you should probably stay away.  I'm a fan.  I'm sure they have more hip hop centric DJ's that show up too.  Coolest part of the night was the 7' neon lit dude that dances around the club.  Pretty cool!
2	If you wanna hangout at a place with a bunch of folks that look all hard but aren't having a lick of fun, Label is THE place to be on a Friday night!  Most people looked like they were straight out of a music video. I was waiting to see who would pour a bottle of champagne all over the crowd first. I hope that this isn't the crowd all the time. I think someone actually pushed me when I was trying to have fun and accidentally bumped into them. Come on now! How am I suppose to dance when everyone is huddled around the perimeter of the club?The venue is pretty nice. Small but nice. VIP area was right in the middle of the floor so it took up a lot of dance real estate. The bar was pretty nice and full. Like a standard "up-scale" nightclub, it was stocked full of top-shelf goodies. I have to say one of the positive things about this place is the staff. One of the bartenders hooked up a concoction for my lady and me to drink and told us if we didn't like the drink it was on the house. We ended up liking it and tip him generously.Another positive is the music. The DJ was on point and played a lot of up beat music from today and also popular hip-hop from back in the day. Overall, it's not too bad of a place. It's set up nicely. I think we went on a bad night. Next time I'm in Charlotte, I might have to give Label another try.
3	Went to Label for the first time last night. It's more of a bottle service for a chair kind of place. It would be great if you reserve your table and have a few friends meet up and settle in for the night. We just dodged in to check it out right when they opened for the night to get a feel for the layout. I wasn't impressed because it seemed like that was all this place is about. Sitting at tables. If you want to dance, you'd just be able to groove near your chair because there's no room! There's zero dance area. The bartenders are flair bartenders, so that's fun to watch. The waitresses are super cute and have great sense of humor. Very entertaining. All people working there seem very happy to be there, which is refreshing. I just wish they could keep all the VIP area AND have a great dance floor. People get tired of hanging out in one spot. They did an amazing job with the interior and all the electronic frills. Top of the line lighting effects. I would go back, but only with a group to fill up a VIP table - which takes a little more planning than I dedicate to a typical night out.
3	CIAA reviewLabel is a decent spot on the edge of downtown Charlotte, Service was good, as it was CIAA weekend the line was crazy long and it was cold but security and the people working the door were very effective and efficient with keeping the line moving and getting us in as quickly as possible.The spot is decent, it is on the small side, it is basically one big open space with a bar and a stage, not much room to dance but I will give the crowd credit they were making use of the small space as people seemed to be there to have a good time.Music was good basic hip hop, TI was the celebrity of the night and came through and performed for about 45 minutes, can't speak on the regular nights but I assume the music is similar.Drinks were a bit pricey in my opinion for Charlotte, 12 dollars for about a 4 ounce vodka and Sprite is a bit much in my opinion especially since they weren't too generous with the vodka and didn't fill my cup up fully.Like I said decent spot, worth a visit if the price is right or if you get in for free.
4	I have gone to a number of Jazz concerts at the Label Charlotte venue.  I am very impressed with the setup and ease of entry.  Seating is very good.  The sound quality is great.  The performers can be easily seen from nearly anywhere within the venue.  The challenge I have to overcome is the lack of parking. In order to get great parking close to the venue...you must arriver early.  The area has great restaurants close by.  The Tuesday night jazz events have been great.
4	Awesome Night Club.  There is a dress club which I like.  The music is always great.  Security has always been really accommodating to my wife and I.  I suspect most people that didn't give Label good reviews were the Drunks that were removed from the club.
2	The only thing label has going for it is the DJ. Their in house DJ might be the best in town. He mixes, he scratches, he plays more than 5 seconds of a song and he actually plays good music! He has great crowd control and knows how to get the crown moving. Aside from their only saving grace, let's talk about what's wrong with Label and the Charlotte's club scene in general. #1. Dance FloorWhat's up with all these "swanky" clubs and no dance floors? If you want to dance, you have to buy a table to free up some elbow room to dance around your bottle.Standing room only!#2. Looks may be deceivingLabel sure looks nice, but once you experience it, you feel dirty. This "club" has no real dance floor, but they have a lounge with a separate DJ?? With the lack of Dance floor, the main room is rather nothing more than lounge!#3. Can we say Ghetto?See #2. I saw a fight break out and get pretty nasty. One dude tried to grab bottles from the 8 VIP tables laid out right smack dead in the middle of the dance floor. Then later in the night, two chicks were about to throw down!Why can't "adults" go to the club without acting like teenagers?  Am I at risk of ending up like Tony Parker? Can I just enjoy good music and nightlife without having to worry about collateral damage?I do have to commend the staff on their great job in trying to control the scene and cleanup effort. After the offenders were removed, an army of people came in with mops and had it all cleaned up within seconds!#4. They don't accept American ExpressHow do you not accept American Express? I am deeply appalled by this. I have points to rack up!Are you that cheap? Is profit all you care about? How can you be "ELITE and POSH", but not accept all forms of payment?Okay so maybe AMX fees are higher, but even my hair stylist takes American Express! #5. Why, why, whyyyyyy do all the new clubs try to be something they are not? Charlotte has a serious identity crisis. I'm not a native, but I've embraced this city as my own and I'm offended by how the nightlife scene treats their patrons.Stop trying to be Miami. Stop trying to be NY. Stop trying to be like Vegas. Charlotte jumped on the froyo wagon 7 years too later. Hipster bars pop up after hipsters go commercial. Just be yourself and stop trying to imitate everyone else and just open something for us - for Charlotte.
1	If I go back n the next 5yrs(if it last that long) will b 2 soon. I went there on my bday .my twin ordered a vip table an by time I got there which was 1am I couldn't get to my own vip birthday table cuz it was 4 people over(like it was an hour left b4 they closed) I bought a drink and left..4 songs which was usher an then 3 wack songs.thanks alot for wasting my money,time,outfit and most importanly killing my birthday vibe
4	Nice classier vibe club. Staff is professional, smiles, and welcoming. A little too small for a venue like Tiesto. If you plan on going to a show here for a big artist, get VIP tix, it'll be well worth it. Loved the go go girls!
3	Went here for the first time recently. It's pretty decent, however I do not know where all the hype about this place is coming from.  We were in VIP, so pretty good view of the stage, however this place was 100 degrees. It was so hot it was uncomfortable. I would expect one of "the best" night clubs in charlotte would have a good air conditioning system.  To top it off, the bottled beers we were drinking were NOT COLD... they tasted like they were in the fridge for 30 minutes.  It really was a buzz kill to be overheated in the club AND to not have cold beers to drink.Had I not been in VIP I would have left, the floor looked insanely packed. I do not know how those people were down there, cant even imagine how hot it must have been.  On a brighter note, the lights and sound were good.
2	OK, so maybe me first impression of Label was tainted by the fact that I shelled out $75 to see R.Kelly give a non performance.  However, I did not get the vibe of a Miami styled club at all.  This is a place to see and be seen... not a place to have a good time partying.The so-called VIP section, which we had tickets for, was nothing more than a balcony where one could huddle in an attempt to catch a glimpse of the stage.  If you wanted to sit down, an additional fee had to bed paid.The place was jammed so tight, one had to squeeze through to get to the restroom and the bar to purchase an over priced drink!I will give props to the DJ; he threw down!  Other than the music, I found nothing that would entice me to return to this venue.  Miami-styled club this is not!
5	I'm a little baffled by some of the reviews for this place. I am by no means a big time club person or EDM fan. But that being said, I go out... and I go out a lot. Some nights, we do hit up a club. And I'm glad I finally stopped into this one.I popped in Friday night for a couple drinks. My friends and I got there early before the rush. Talking to the new general manager of Label, I told him it was my first time here. Since it was slow, he took the time to give us a complete tour of the place.I've been in all the Charlotte nightclubs. I have to say I think this may be the nicest spot in town. It's a good looking club inside and out.Staff: There are not a whole lot of flare bartenders here in Charlotte, but two of the best work here. Get there before the crowd hits so you can see them in action. I used to love to watch them at their former bars.... now, they're together in one spot. Security and door guys were all ridiculously friendly.Ivory Lounge: This is a more private section away from the main club. Super nice. It has a very cool little fireplace area. This would make a great place to throw a birthday, engagement party, etc.Patio: A more laid back scene complete with day beds and hookahs. Club life: the music was great. I love the giant monitor on the main wall of the club. No cover for ladies at the time we went. VIP tables look nice. There are some on the main floor and the second level that overlooks it.Bathroom: oh man ladies, you are in for a treat. It's obvious a female had a hand in designing and decorating this.A lot of the reviews I read about this place the people are all finding fault with things that are standard in a club. If you go to a club, expect it to be crowded. If there is a special DJ or celebrity guest, expect to pay money. Expect it to be even more packed.With a new general manager in place (and one of the best, longtime service industry veterans in Charlotte), I'm excited to see what happens here.
1	First and foremost how can you have a nightclub without a dance floor? Whoever designed the layoutof this club did it so the owners could make the most money off VIP tables. Who cares about dancing I'm at a dance club right?  Another thing I hate is let's make people wait outside to make it seem like we are packed and your club is half empty.
4	Pretty good venue to be at. I am here for a New Years party and the turn out is good for being early still. Nice set up they have here. The VIP sections here are pretty live. They play a variety of music. New and old school hip hop, R&B and top 40 music.
1	I went last night on Friday for their "Apollo" night--a night that their Facebook page dubbed as "the evolution of Charlotte" --the night where Charlotte's gay and straight community come together to party.  Unfortunately this couldn't be further from the truth. If you are gay and come for the Apollo night be prepared to feel like a second class citizen. We walk in and we are told to go to a separate line to get our wrist bands.  We are then told to go down the hall past the main area  to the "ivory lounge". That's where the Apollo night is. It's a small bar area that is enclosed and has a guard in front letting people in and out.  I don't think this place is really all that gay friendly, as I felt like some of the staff looked like they wanted to gay bash it's Apollo patrons.  Charlotte is not ready for this and clearly this established doesn't care about it's gay and lesbian patrons. I'd much rather go to Bar 316 or Cathode Azure where I KNOW my business is truly wanted and that I am an appreciated gay patron. I will never go back to Label and wouldn't recommend it to any of my gay or straight friends for that matter.  You have been warned.
3	I don't go out to clubs on normal nights.  I will go to see a DJ or EDM act.  I went to see Bad Boy Bill who I have seen a couple of times.  The club is nice, but it's small, and that includes the dance floor.  A portion of it is roped off for a VIP section and this and other VIP sections take up half of the space in the club.  Unrope the area on the floor for EDM events to make more room since nobody was really using it anyway.  One of the bouncers was obsessed with this rope too . If you got within a foot of it he would nudge you away.  It also sucks that unless your a "Very Important Person" - I mean "Someone who paid a few extra dollars and is not important at all" that there is no chill out space.  Drinks were reasonably priced for a club, especially one in Charlotte.  One great thing about this club is that they offer free cups of ice water.  I've been going to clubs and raves for 20 years and this is rare.  Most force you to purchase water, but the legality of that is questionable.  The event was also free which was very nice.  I wouldn't come back to Label for a normal night, but if someone like Bad Boy Bill is playing there, I would go again.
1	Never coming here again. What a bad experience. Everyone was drugged up. I went to the bathroom and some girl w an X on her hand was banging her head against the wall repeatedly. We got a table and got kicked out before finishing our bottles because I was smoking an electronic cigarette! Are you kidding me?? The people were all rude. I'm in the service industry myself and word of mouth gets around. I will never spend my money here again and I will tell my friends not to either.
4	I finally decided to give Label another chance and I am very impressed. There's definitely more room to dance and the VIP section is awesome. The staff was friendly and helpful and the music selection was perfect if you haven't been to label recently you should definitely give it a second try!
1	I am fairly familiar with DJing and I can say that their indoors dj on saturday night killed the beat so many times he would've been fired a long time ago anywhere in europe!The crowd was not the type you'd want to hang out with, very annoying and disrespectful: the security should never allow people to throw up right outside of the club, it's trashy. No "normal" people, if you know what i mean!I might give it another try just because, but definitely wouldn't recommend it!
4	Whaaat why are there so many terrible reviews?! The main dance floor is huge and the VIP section is awesome because you can see the whole crowd. Ivory lounge is a smaller part of the club with a different DJ, a good place to grab a drink if the main 2 bars are too crowded. The patio is amazing. A great place to get some air, dance, or hang out on the day beds while listening to yet another DJ, sometimes even better than the music inside!I mostly go to Label on Fridays, which are EDM nights and they bring in some pretty big names every now and then. I've also been on Thursday and Sunday night, but I don't know what the crowd is like on Saturday. Thursday is a pretty "normal" crowd - from what I understand it's a college night, so look for those Xs before hitting on someone lol! I had a great time and the DJ was on point. It was a 90s party so that could be biased. Friday is usually "EDM Friday" so the crowd is obviously the EDM/raver kids 18+ :( if it was 21+ it would be much better honestly. Sunday is "hip hop" night and the music was pretty good, but it got pretty ratchet by the end of the night, people getting into fights, etc lol... not sure if that was just the night I was there, but yeah.Oh and ladies, the bathrooms are huge, there's rarely a line and the best, they're CLEAN.
1	Security is useless, VIP is terrible service and staff is RUDE!
1	I went to the lounge one time on September 30, for the Zeds Dead music show. The show was awesome, the music was great the lights were incredible. However the event staff they had working this event were the most unhelpful jerks I've ever dealt with in my life. The event had the water refilling stations set up outside, so anytime we wanted to refill our water bottles we had to go outside, that's not the problem. The problem was the security guards whose only job was to keep the water stations refilled. My good friend and me at one point went outside to refill our water and it was out, so naturally we decided to let the bartender know about it and the bartender kindly replied it was security's job. So we went to tell security and they proceeded in mocking us, and even joked that they "spiked the water with molly" and then refused to get us water telling us that "it was the bartenders job, bartenders handle drinks." So me and my friend went back to tell the bartender, who was very busy with his own clients that were spending actual money, and the bartender took me and my friend back to the security guards and proceeded to go off on them because it WAS there job to keep water restocked and YOU CAN NOT DEPRIVE PEOPLE OF WATER AT RAVES. That is how people die. Then after all of this the same security guards wouldn't let us back inside the venue because after all of our dancing my good friends Xs on her hands were beginning to come off, so they sent us back to the security guys outside who wouldn't give her more Xs until she gave them 10$ and it wasn't until she was about to cry that they said they were kidding and they didn't really need 10$. These security guards did not make me feel safe or even comfortable, they were some of the rudest people I've dealt with in my life. The bartender and other people working the event were great, as was the venue. But those security guards were honestly enough alone for me to never go back there again and I recommend everyone else do the same.
