3	I've enjoyed every bite of food I've tried off the Buzznbeez food truck. The Jamaican Jerk/BBQ chicken sliders are an intriguing combination of sweet and heat. I also got a chance to sample the fried chicken and hot link BBQ combo, and was enchanted with the spiciness of the batter that coated the chicken.The menu seems to shift quite a bit, so I haven't gotten a sense of the entire repertoire of goodness offered by this sunny bright-yellow addition to Phoenix's food truck scene. I want to give them four stars, since the food is so tasty, but I've had some issues with their customer service, so I withhold one star. The day that Food Network was filming Buzznbeez at the New Times parking lot food truck court was a disappointment to my dining buddy, who, after ordering the fried chicken and waiting patiently for nearly 20 minutes, was told they were out of that item. Fortunately, a Sonoran hot dog was mere steps away, off of another food truck. I enjoyed my food, with the exception of the mac-and-cheese which I found flaccid. I had ordered coleslaw as my side dish anyhow, so this was some sort of last-minute substitution I suppose.So despite some missteps, I am willing to continue to get food from the Buzznbeez truck. I want to see them succeed and add to the fabulous panorama of flavor that is rapidly becoming a standard amongst the finer food trucks in the Phoenix metro area.
4	Buzznbeez was at our office building today and the menu was too inticing and diverse to pass up. I ordered the fried chicken with mac & cheese. The fried chicken wings were perfectly fried. The skin was crisp and the meat on the inside was still moist. No complaints. The 7 cheese mac and cheese had a really good taste but wasn't hot enough or gooey enough for me. I'm not much of a dry mac and cheese girl. The portion size was perfect and the price reasonable.A co-worker ordered the spicy teriyaki chicken with slaw over rice. Her dish smelled wonderful and again a really good portion size. She said it tasted good but it was really spicy, too spicy for her.Last co-worker ordered the BBQ combo, it came with a hot link, chicken, a roll and 1 side. (she also choose the mac & cheese). She said everything again had great taste but the BBQ sauce that was heavy handed wasn't warm and it made the food cold.Even with a few hiccups we all enjoyed our lunch and would definately order from them again when making the rounds. The food was fresh and the service was friendly and fast.
3	Pretty good stuff.Visited this truck only once at the open air market. I got a plate of fried chicken and a side of macaroni and cheese. Decent sized portions, good flavors, all in all a good value for the price. I have to admit, the only reason I decided to try this truck was because there were a couple of the regular trucks who didn't show up to the market that night, and I was burned out on hot dogs and filipino food. Had the other trucks been there, I'm not sure I would have given this truck a shot.The thing this truck is missing for me is that ONE item on their menu that I just have to have. Nothing particularly jumped out at me as being something I couldn't get anywhere else. The problem with the food trucks now is that there are so many of them, and each of them really need to offer something that none of the other ones do. I can go almost anywhere for fried chicken of similar quality. So that would be my only complaint. But my food was pretty good and the staff who were working the night of my visit were really friendly. If I see them at another event, I would probably order something again.
3	I've gotten food from here a couple of times when they've visited my office. In the past I've ordered fried chicken which was quite flavorful as was their mac and cheese. This time I tried the teriyaki chicken bowl which was also good. Tangy sauce, chopped cabbage which I didn't expect, but it worked, and rice and chicken cooked to perfection.Did come across a couple of pieces of cabbage stems which were unpleasant interruptions. Very friendly staff and average prices. Good presentation considering it's a food truck. Not my fave food truck, but they'll do in a pinch.
2	Overpriced, under delivered.  8-10 fried chicken wing parts and a 4oz cups of mac and cheese + bbq sauce laden cole slaw do not a platter make.  Not  terrible - not worth 12$
5	The big question is: WHO is this woman and WHAT has she done to southern fried chicken?Well, the culinary alchemist calls herself "B", but she gets nothing short of an "A+" in my book for her other worldly southern fried chicken. Forget Lolos ... you want REAL SOUTHERN FRIED CHICKEN the drips hot and delicious, succulent beads of real soul sweat? Go check out the Goddess in her truck!  You will not be disappointed!
5	Tonight, for the first time, after being distracted by her mildly competent competitors the last two times I was there, I made sure to stop first at Buzznbeez and get the catfish po' boy with slaw on the side.  The catfish was absolutely gorgeous, both crunchy and creamy, and the sauce was sublime.  I am seriously in love with this sandwich, and I may very well be in love also with the exotic beauty who made it.  Seriously, if you go to Food Truck Mania at the Phoenix Farmer's Market or if you encounter Buzznbeez about town and you don't at least try the po' boy, you're a fool.
4	We were hosting weekly company lunches and looking to support local businesses. BuzzNBeez was one of those local businesses. LOVE the fried chicken and the green beans. At first we didn't order the catfish but folks around here demanded and loved it. B was awesome, making little adjustments after each visit to ensure lunch went as smoothly as possible. If you're ever looking to have a truck catered lunch, I highly recommend Buzznbeez.
2	Visited this truck when we went to the Children's Museum January Play Date.  There were 2 options for food, and this truck was one of them.  Ive gotta say...We've had better.  Hubby's Order - Jamaican Jerk Chicken BurritoRed Beans with Andoullie and RiceThey were out of tortillas, so they made him a bowl instead.  They didn't put Andoullie in the Red Beans and Rice.  But he said he thinks they didn't charge him full price on that item.  The red beans and rice was more like...a ton of rice, with some kidney beans thrown on top.  He ate maybe 1/4 to 1/2 of each and tossed the rest.  Said it was too much starch as the Jamaican Jerk Chicken had a ton of rice in it as well.  My Order - Cajun Shrimp Po' Boy with friesNow as I've never had a Po' Boy before...Im not sure if its supposed to be served hot or cold.  *quick google check*  Okay.  Per Wikipedia...traditionally served hot.  Well, this sandwich was cold.  It was pretty much like some cocktail shrimp and coleslaw tossed in a hoagie roll. The best thing about the order was the fries.  I wished I had ordered the Catfish or Chicken instead. Or better yet....I wish we would have ate beforehand.
5	Super good food. The Cajun Mac and Cheese is to die for!  They're both so nice and helpful and Bee is beautiful!
2	WE'RE GONNA BE ON FOOD NETWORKThat's great...let's see...whatcha got here that's good?[WHATEVER YOU'RE ABOUT TO ORDER] IS THE BEST(Answer was different for my friend who ordered before me)Okay, okay...catfish po' boy sounds good. And the catfish looked great, topped with red cabbage...but the taste was bland, bland, bland. No attempts made to season the batter it's fried in. Just covered with a mix of what could easily be mistaken as sweet mayo and some toned-down sriracha. The fries were way greasy and totally unsalted. I think it's totally groovy to get catfish on-the-go, but opportunity to add some kick to the lunch was totally squandered. Would pass over this food truck for one in this category that actually tries, like Jamburrito. DON'T FORGET WE'RE GONNA BE ON FOOD NETWORK*facepalm*...they're so annoying, too. -_-
2	Food truck in Phoenix.  The catfish was greasy and the fresh bread just unraveled.    The food here is not good enough to be in a food truck.  This would be a good blue plate special at Dennys; you won't die from eating it.
2	I ordered from this truck last night.  The girl taking orders was really nice even though she was busy.  I ordered the $14 dollar sampler plate which comes with choice of 2 meats and 2 sides.  I thought because of the price you get all the meats and 2 sides.  I went with it anyway!  I ordered the fried chicken and thai chicken with fries and coleslaw.First thing I noticed was the portion size.  It was not a lot a food for $14.  I got a small drum stick and a wing.  The batter was good and had a good crunch...again not happy about the portion size.  The thai chicken reminded me of an MRE meal I used to eat in the service.  The coleslaw was good and it was really chunky.  The fries were nothing special and very few.  Overall I would say stay away from the sampler.  I heard the catfish po boy was good but it was served as an open face sandwich which doesn't make sense for a po boy.I really think Food Truck Fridays in Gilbert could use some better food options.  The only truck that had a line was the grilled cheese truck and even that was mediocre.
3	3 stars only because the fish tacos were to DIE for!!  For the 4th of July, my boss and his wife hired this food truck to feed us all for our annual holiday party.  I thought the idea was superb and the women running it were so sweet.  My fiance and I tried the fish tacos with black beans and rice as well as the fried chicken smothered in gravy with mac n' cheese.  As I stated before, the fish tacos were amazing.  I'm not a fan of hot sauce so she suggested adding a sweet chili sauce, and it was spot on.  The black beans and rice were just that and nothing more...bland to say the least.  The chicken was good but the gravy really took away the crispiness and we were left wishing we'd done without it.  The mac n' cheese tasted fine but was SOOOOO greasy it was unappealing.  There are ways of doing great mac without giving people a heart attack.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat from here again but I will tip my hat for those tacos!
5	I recently found out about this place when I was at the Farmers Market. I tried the Southern Fried Chicken with a side of rice and gravy...I love gravy and this was fantastic! I could drink a cup of that gravy it's so delicious! I came back the next week and tried the catfish poboy, and that was great also! I will come back again soon and try something else!
3	Tried this food truck at the Gilbert Food Truck Court last night.  Got the Soul Food platter and overall everything was pretty good.  The mac 'n cheese was made fresh, but I didn't really like it...although the other 3 in my party did.  My favorite was the blackened catfish...great flavor!  The gravy over the chicken was good, but without a knife and big plate, it was messy/hard to eat.  I recommend they actually serve the platter on a big plate instead of givng 4 seperate little bowls.  Hard to carry and eat with.  Also provide knives please!
4	Yum!
4	Had the Fried Chicken with a side of Macaroni and Cheese with Kool-Aid to drink. Chicken came out steaming hot as it was fried to order. Seasoning on the chicken was good but not extraordinary. The hot sauce for the chicken was great. I like vinegar based sauces. My only complaint is the size of the chicken. The wing looked normal size but the thigh was kinda very small. There are no chicken breast or legs offered to the best of my knowledge. The Macaroni and Cheese was excellent. It has a wonderful garlic and cheese taste. I would order the mac and cheese again. Kool-aid kinda tasted like flavor-aid (the fake kool-aid.) Overall good experience. I would recommend my friends and family try Buzzandbees Good Food Truck if they spot them out and about.
5	If you are in the mood for great southern food, an unforgettable food truck experience, and a good time you have to visit Buzznbeez. They are what it means to be a great food truck. Simple, delicious, and perfect then you are here. Don't miss this truck at the Phoenix Public Market.
5	Absolutely best fish n chips I've had in years. Food is wonderful. Bee abd her staff are friendly and helpful.
5	Some of the most amazing fried catfish and mac 'n cheese I ever had.
5	Catfish Po Boy is bomb dot com
2	We booked this food truck for our wedding along with 2 other trucks. Bee told us that she would be in charge of coordinating all of the food trucks. We had selected menus and we had agreed on a price. In our contract she had stated that they would feed up to 125ppl from 7-9pm. We had been asking Bee for a contract for weeks and weeks finally about 1 month before the wedding she sent the contract. It was very vague and I regret not adding more details. But when Bee and I spoke it seemed that we were very much on the same page. The night of my wedding my coordinator came up to me and said that Bee was refusing to serve anymore food unless I paid her more... WHAT?!?! I went over to discuss this with her (which was a bummer, since I should of been enjoying my wedding). She told me that she felt like more people were eating from her truck and that she had already served 125 plates. In the contract she said she would serve 125 PEOPLE from 7-9. No where in the contract did it say that she would only serve 1 plate to 125 people. The plates were TINY and she counted any side that someone got as 1 plate! I could go on and on about how unprofessional and disappointing this was. They had an hour left to serve but she refused. The other trucks were AMAZING and they both reached out to my husband and I and apologized for Bee's terrible behavior. Both trucks told us that they were all under the impression that they would serve atleast 300 plates considering they knew they would serve 125ppl for 2 hours. They told us that they did not understand where Bee was coming from.The food was good, REALLY GOOD! My advice is to nail down a very in-depth contract if you will be working with Bee.
4	We were at the Street Eats 2014 and found ourselves at the BuzznBeez Food Truck twice! The first time we were undecided between the grilled shrimp or fish taco's. Bee encouraged us to go for the fish! We got 2 mild one hot which we were surprised they were willing to do that! Tacos came out 2 spicy, one mild... :o( Alright, someone in our party got ripped... but we can deal with that. We were able to make another guys day,  He was peeking at the tacos and mentioned that he loved spicy and we treated him to a taco off our as of yet untouched plate! :o) We walked around trying a little of this, that and the other with the kids and I kept going on about the tacos... Which found us back in front of BEE! They are now out of shrimp, but we again got 3 grilled fish, all mild tacos and a side of fries... and I was a happy momma! (Till I tried the fried...) Bee... you managed to have not only our favorite, but least favorite item... Granted the fried were only a buck, but why even serve them??? They were warm limp fries that were not even seasoned! The kids would not even eat them. I am still giving 4 stars, thinking positive that you were trying to accommodate something for all budgets! :o) Ok, those grilled fish tacos were da BOMB! The coleslaw was great, not too much! I had several items yesterday that were coleslaw with a side of ____ . But the ratio on your taco's were great! What the heck is in that sauce??? I could just drink it! Seriously consider bottling that sauce! I look forward to finding your truck again!
5	Had the Fried Chicken it was cooked to perfection hot, crisp and juicy! The crew was friendly and accommodating all food cooked and prepared to order. Service was fast and friendly . If they are on your area give them a try you won't be disappointed !
5	I had the grilled fish tacos spicy and then went back for a side of fried chicken. So amazing! They came to my work and I hope they come back soon!
4	At the Rhythm Room last last and the food truck showed up.We had the Drunken Apples and a side of fries, very good.The Shrimp Tacos looked good too
5	Heading north on Central, I stumbled onto the food trucks at Phoenix Market this Wed afternoon. My 12yo son was intent on me taking him to Lenny's Burger, and began his customary whine that he would refuse to eat from here. I said, let's just check it out. We approached Bee's, and the owner is a tall, charismatic lady that quickly got our attention. She cordially gave me the lay-of-the-land and explained that the trucks are here 5-8pm Weds, only. Also, she quickly conferred with the cook as to what items were ready, and what would take some time. I then checked the menu-board, headed by 'Flavors of the World'. Mostly southern/soul oriented, but with options such as shrimp alfredo, and fish-tacos. When she explained that they drizzle their fried-chicken with honey, my son lit-up and said "Yeah, I'll try that." We got the mac-n-cheese side for his, and I got the blackened catfish and dirty rice, and ordered a side of slaw. Kool-Aid for him, and the homemade lemonade for me. The chicken was definitely the winner here, my goodness. I've never seen my son attack a chicken meal like that! I read a couple here who weren't happy with the mac-n-cheese, but we were highly pleased. It was the best I've ever had other than what I bake myself, or what my aunt made while I was growing up. The cole-slaw was also not at all the traditional, shredded mix in the bowl. Think of a red and white cabbage base diced thumbnail-sized, with some sort of asian-esque appearance and dressing (ala the menu board?). My dirty rice was a hearty, sticky scoop, not nearly as impressive as the mac-n-cheese, but not bland, either.  My fish was delicious, and the portion was a good value. Though the seasoning was spot-on, it was not 'blackened'. There was no black, nor crunchiness, just yummy soft fish. I told the owner she might explain it that way, in case someone else may be disappointed. She was not offended, and offered that one of her competitor's there DID offer it that way, if that was more to my liking on future visits. Nice! (I'd order it again, however, without reservation.)The Kool-aid had a reasonable amount of sugar, without the OMG-gag-o-maggot level another local well-known eatery uses, LOL. Surprisingly, my son said he liked it BETTER because of that. My lemonade was also delicious. After wrapping up, I found that Beez visits the Rythm' Room Club on Indian School, Fri/Sat evenings. Since I live within a mile of there, I will be exploring the remainder of Beez' menu in the months to come. Victor in Phoenix
5	I just had the Catfish Po' Boy and it was to die for, if I come across the food truck again I will order it again, and again
5	Had Buzznbeez a number of times now and it never disappoints! From their Catfish Po' Boy to 5-cheese Mac 'n Cheese to Grilled shrimp salads and beyond the food is consistently made from fresh ingredients and exploding with flavor. In the past month the truck has come to our work twice and I time it to have something when they show up and something right before they leave! Friendly staff, fast service combined with gourmet meals at food truck price and convenience makes Buzznbeez a must try!
4	My friend and I went the the Food Truck gathering in Scottsdale.  So many choices.  I can't wait to go back and try the Catfish Po' Boy.  We decided to try the Fried Chicken with cole slaw and an extra side of French Fries.  I'm not the biggest fan of Fried Chicken but Buzznbeez made me a fan of theirs.  The chicken was tender and juicy with a coating that was crispy with a bit of sweetness.  My friend got the Lemonade and pronounced it the best she has ever tasted.  The slaw was not drowned in sauce, if anything it was a bit on the dry side but I'm okay with that, the fries were good.Next time I'll be getting that Po' Boy!
5	Had the blackened catfish and dirty rice with lemonade. It was delicious.  Recommend this food truck to everyone.
5	Best grilled fish tacos ever! I tried them at a festival at Rawhide last weekend but you can find this bright yellow truck almost anywhere that the food trucks gather. Outstanding!
4	Yummy lunch at a great price. We had them come to our office and the bosses bought lunch for all of us. Everyone was happy and the only thing we wanted was more Mac'n'Cheese. I had the Blackened catfish with fries. #cleanplateclub
5	Oh My Goodness - Giant yummy catfish po'boy! YUMMY! ALSO helped support an event for local non profit! THANK YOU BEE - YOU ROCK!
2	Must have been an off night at the Phoenix Market. Ordered the Rich Boy that was supposed to be a catfish poor boy covered in shrimp. Catfish was overcooked and chewy. Also ordered a large Mac and cheese side which was oily and the Mac was hard and crunchy. I have had the Mac before and it was some of the best I've had. Very inconsistent.
5	I literally created a Yelp account just to write this review. This is hands down the best fried chicken in Phoenix. The combination of honey, and juicy but crunchy chicken is out of this world! I love it! If you are in the mood for good chicken hunt them down, its worth it!
5	We first ran into Buzznbeez at the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court on Friday night a couple of weeks ago.  We were checking out all the trucks and looking for something different.  We were drawn into the idea of southern fried chicken and started talking to the owner/operator who was taking orders.  I asked her what was her best seller and she started to tell us about their po' boy sandwiches.  Right then an order came up and I saw the Rich Boy sandwich get passed to a customer.  We had our answer.  That was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, and I have had some good ones.  Last night we ran into them again at the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court and I was able to introduce my teen daughter to the Rich Boy.  She is a foodie like her dad and loved the food.  Mac and cheese on the side and a glass of amazing lemonade to wash it down and we were all full and smiling.  Great people.  Great food.  So glad they are part of the Friday tradition in Gilbert.  Well worth the cost!
5	The catfish Po Boy isn't the only reason to visit this gourmet food truck, but it's certainly the biggest draw for me. The catfish is smooth and buttery, the slaw is crisp, & the sauces have just the right amount of heat. These properties make this sandwich the reason I keep coming back. I have to mention the 5 cheese Mac & Cheese too, AMAZING! And the fact that the proprietor is a Hawkeye doesn't hurt my desire to repeat. :-)
4	Tried for the fIrst time this last Friday. ... loved the Mac&cheese !  also had the catfish po' boy which was excellent also. ...Will definitely try some of the other selections.... just wish it was a little bit more affordably priced !
5	Food is deeeelish! Fresh, hot and cooked to perfection. Next time in trying the fried chicken.
5	Just had the "rich boy" - it was totally AWESOME!!!  A perfectly fried catfish filet, topped with grilled shrimp and killer hot sauce on a bun with cole slaw.  Even the French fries were killer - find this place and try it ASAP!
4	Food is good. Price for them is quite decent enough which is good. The cheese macaroni I ordered was really good! I rarely get to eat one of these and the way they made it is better than the last time I remembered.
1	I ordered the fish and chips. The fish was ok. The French fries were greasy, hand cut fries that were only half way cooked. They were so nasty I couldn't eat them. The price was $10. Total waste of money.
4	The truck was at my workplace University of Phoenix yesterday, and I had the vegetarian plate. The fries were tasty and fresh, but the real standout was the incredible mac and cheese. No wonder it was featured on Food Network. It was so much better and more interesting than others I've had and rivals my grandma's homemade from scratch recipe.
1	EPIC FAIL! I paid $10 for a breast, leg and the mac and cheese. Fried chicken is a simple recipe: fat, salt and pepper, flour and seasoning.  My dogs wouldn't eat it. They literally growled at me for trying to feed it to them, and these dogs eat anything.  My bf tried and said "please no mas!" I feel hoodwinked and bamboozled.  I like to support small businesses but the lack of seasonings for the price point....I wouldn't suggest this place to my enemies.
5	I had the meal of the day. It included alittle of everything. Fish, chicken wings, sweet potato, mac and cheese, fries, and cole slaw.It was definitely a big meal and I enjoyed splitting with with two friends.The prices are reasonable and the food is really good. Every item on my mealhad its own twist to it. The two ladies working the truck were extremely friendly and welcoming.I highly recommend this food truck to anyone who wants to give it a try! Don't forget to leave a review as well
2	Good food, but I waited over an hour in the Arizona sun to receive it. Super slow service for a food truck. It might as well be a full blown restaurant if you're going to wait that long.  I would've given it one star just for the terrible slow service but it had vegan and vegetarian options so I bumped it up to 2.
5	Get the southern fried with lemonade. Best fried chicken in Phoenix, I love the agave honey they put on it, AMAZING!
5	I've eaten at this food truck twice, once at the Viva PHX Festival and the other at the Chandler Food Truck Festival.  I was very impressed by the food on both occasions.  The wait was rather long during the Viva PHX music festival but was well worth it.  The fried chicken, po' boy, and mac-n-cheese have never left my mind.  Anytime this food truck happens to be at a festival you can guarantee I will be paying them a visit.  The gals working the truck are very friendly and care about the quality of their food.  The prices are very reasonable to accompany the piping hot freshness of the meals.
