5	if you're in the hotel or at the pool and want a quick, delicious bite to eat - stop in here.  we were only there for 2 days and ate here twice.  2 reasons. 1) the mojitos.  you can build your own and order them by the pitcher!  you can add fresh fruit - grapefruit, raspberries or old fashioned lime.  variety of different sodas and rums to choose from!  2) the salads.  i know, i know,. but they were so good!  day 1, i had a great shrimp caesar topped with the biggest shrimp that i have ever seen in a salad.  day 2, had a chicken salad with pineapples, cranberries and an awesome honey mustard dressing.  the salads were so good and so right in the 108+ heat.  partnered so well with the mojitos and the great pool!
3	Other than DJT, this is the only place to eat in the Trump hotel. Thank goodness this place has decent food! H2eau is the pool cafe and bar that serves drinks and cafe food during the day. I had the cobb salad which was huge! I think it was $14, but I was impressed by the quality of ingredients and the portion size. The bf ordered the ham panini which was good quality ham and bread but covered in grain mustard (which he didn't like). We also tried the chicken fingers and fries - they were below average served lukewarm and the fries were soggy. Their cocktails are not that strong but they are a good size.This place is convenient and I would eat here again. It's definitely pricey, but you gotta splurge a bit when you're on vacation!
5	Very impressed. The more casual side of DJT, but blown away nonetheless.
2	Granted I had an order of $10 tortilla chips and guacamole as well as a $6 berry smoothie. The prices should have already driven me insane. But I'll look past all that because this place is situated right at the Trump pool. Apparently, there is some premium to be paid. Considering I felt like nothing else on the menu was appetizing and I was reduced to ordering chips, I suggest a total menu overhaul is required. STAT. My order was fine. No complaints and no accolades. Now, the wait times at this place was seriously ridiculous. We were the only people ordering and all our food came out at different times. Significantly different timings. One friend's order was mixed up and another friend's smoothie was leaking all over the place and the waitress conveniently ignored the mess. I'm just going to have to say...never again.
2	The service was horrible. The waiter bring me my Bloody Mary drink and spill it on me.
5	Prosciutto wrapped melon, rasberry smoothie cocktail, served to me pool side. PERFECT Sunday. Service is a bit on the slow side. The servers sometimes don't see you. I grab a menu and bring it to the chair. If you wait for a menu, it will take a while, then you have to wait for the the waitress to remember to take the order from you... Go ahead and flag her down, otherwise, she may never get your order.
2	Staff is mostly friendly but not friendly or competent enough to make up for unbelievably SLOW service.I sat down at a table in a not-very-crowded section of the small indoor seating area, right near the kitchen, so wait staff had been in and out, maybe 10 feet away from where I was sitting. I should have left after I had been waiting almost 10 minutes for any of the wait staff to even acknowledge my presence. I mean, most of them were actively looking away from me, so I couldn't even flag one down unless I called out to them (which is ridiculous--why should I have to do that to get service in a restaurant).The server who eventually came to me was kind and apologetic, so I shrugged it off and ordered a turkey club with fries/rings and a Diet Coke. About 25 minutes after I ordered (already a silly amount of time to wait for a cold cut sandwich), my server came over and said that it was so busy they hadn't gotten to make my order yet. Seriously? You guys can't make a turkey sandwich in 25 minutes? There weren't that many people ordering food anyway--it was 3:00 p.m. Most people were just ordering drinks and nachos from the bar (seriously, I was RIGHT near the kitchen, so I saw everything that left--it was almost entirely plates of fries or chips--I saw one sandwich leave the kitchen).Anyway, needless to say, I was not very happy with having to wait 45 minutes--yes, an ACTUAL 45 minutes, no exaggeration--for a damned turkey sandwich (which was also overpriced). Server comped me my Diet Coke (or just forgot I had ordered it--I didn't get a refill, so I guess that's possible).I could have walked to the mall across the street, eaten at the food court for half the price, and walked right back in less time than it took just to get my food plated at this place. Will only go back if every restaurant in a one-mile radius is closed.I'm only giving the place 2 whole stars because it was admittedly a pretty tasty turkey sandwich. But not 45-minutes tasty. Waste of time and money.
