5	Favorite Mexican Restaurant in the world.  This is about as classy as you can get in East Mesa (I know, not a lot of competition in that category).  They've finished the new location and came out with a whole slew of new recipes.  My favorites include the flying saucer or the chicken mango salad.  I've set a goal to try something new each time I go here and haven't been dissappointed with the new menu items yet.  A bit pricey but with the new decor comes a new price tag.There's a nice take-out addition too for the lunch crowd.
5	Best Mexican food in the East Valley! I hate to call it 'Mexican food' because that will probably make you think of the typical burritos and tacos you get at every other 'chain' restaurant - BORING. The owner/chef really puts an exotic twist on many of the dishes. My favorite is the Shrimp Mazatlan which is a beautiful mix of Jumbo shrimp and Pineapple skewered over a bed of rice. Ingredients are always fresh (the owner has his own garden behind the restaurant! Been enjoying their menu since when they were in a little strip mall. Even back then their popularity caused crowds standing in the parking lot waiting to get a seat! Their new location is really classy so you can dress up of a nice dinner. But you'll still be in a crowd outside waiting for your seat. Believe me it's one of the few restaurants in the East Valley that's worth the wait.
5	not the typical mexi food... this place is more like gourmet style mexi food. and delicious. way out in east mesa (the boon docks as far as i'm concerned), this huge rest. gets packed every weekend. this is seriously some award-winning food. like the pan seared chicken in ancho chile peach glaze, or the chicken mole. i believe all their ingredients are organic, but i can't seem to find anything to attest to that online, so don't hold me to it. if you want yummy, upscale mexi food, this is the joint.
3	I have been a huge fan of Rosa's ever since I was introduced to it.  I stumbled upon Tia Rosa's just by going through Yelp.The moment I visited the website, I thought, "F*ck yea...a Rosa's closer to me!"I rounded up my girlie friends and floored it as fast as I could get us there.  I was extremely impressed by how cute, clean and well organized the new place was.We sat down and I viewed the menu -- what a selection.  Some same stuffs from Rosa's out on University.  Rock on.  Some other new stuff.  Rock on.  I decided to try their burro.  I seem to always get something different at Rosa's on University so I decided to get a standard fare that goes back to my Mexican food loving roots.But blech...what a disappointment.  For some reason, the burro didn't live up to all they hype I had thought it would be.  It was ok, but nothing I'd write home about.  The food was lukewarm, but I am willing to cut them some slack since we were sitting outside and it was a mild yet not cold day.I'll be coming back and giving them a second chance, but for now Rancho de Tia Rosa's gets 3 stars for their lovely decoration, spotless bathrooms and extremely friendly waitstaff.I'll take the original Rosa's over Tia Rosa's for the moment.  I'll add an update when I've gone a second time.
5	Owners Dennis and Liz Sirrine are old-time friends of my parents. Not good enough friends that I get free food I must add. But it's great to see folks I know do so well. The little labor of love that was their first restaurant -- the famed Rosas --  has evolved into the fabulous Rancho de Tia Rosas."Where Mexican Food is a Work of Art" claims Tia Rosa.  The Enchiladas Monterey with it's vibrant colors of the Mexican flag could be a Piccasso and the slightly-sweet, nutty Chicken Mole might be a Van Gogh. Thank goodness this art is edible!There is a take out store in front and an amazing patio. Try to visit soon before it gets too hot to sit outside, and come early or make reservations; it's almost always packed.
5	I agree with everyone who says Best Mexican food in the East Valley.Every time I have people from out of town I bring them here.Incredible Margaritas.Get the Carne Asada plate...  Not what you're used to, but you won't be dissapointed.They used to have this Chocolate Decadence dessert, which was two different pieces of some crazy chocolate cakes.  They took it off the menu... :(
5	I have to say this place is muey beuno!, even though it is in Mesa. I try not to go to Mesa, if I don't have too. (yes I am a snob, by at least I recognize that fact) Mesa to me is TOO suburban, in the middle of the Metroplex that is Phoenix. BUT (insert a big But here) You need to make your way to Mesa to hit this joint up. I can't say if it's authentic Mexican because I don't know what that means anymore, but Its delicious!, Like I said at dinner when asked "how's your food?" My response "Scrum-dittily-umptious!" (2 points to the person can name that movie this line is from) I ordered the grilled halibut, with Mango Chutney and sauted Spinach, of course it came with Spanish rice. It was perfect! I love fish done differently, and Halibut is great grilled. The smoky flavor of the fish, basted in a honey and spice marinade, with the fruit, put the combo in combination. After spending the day watching Planet Terror, I couldn't eat anything that resemble meat, or flesh, or BBQ. (zombies movies and food put the bad in bad combination) I did enjoy the green salsa with chips, the red wasn't so great however. They have a great atmosphere and really nice outdoor seating. It is very distinct and unique, and the service is excellent. It is a perfect place for kids, family, or just plain fun. I would say out of all the Mexican joints I have been too, this is the best in my opinion. Extra points because they serve crushed iced, not cubed. I love that with water or diet coke. No threat of Mexi-cali blues here..Just enjoy the food but watch out for the balloon bearing, comedic presence of "Dirty Sanchez" It is this guy dressed up like a Mexican in a Sombrero, if you make eye contact he will start entertaining your table. The Mariachi Band is nice, I just wish they would stick to Mexican and Spanish songs, their cover of "It's a Small World After All", is rather sad. They take requests, and unfortunately people, want to hear English songs. I prefer the music in their dialect, it adds to the charm.
2	Update - I had to reduce it to 2 stars.  I would never voluntarily go here and that is a pretty good test for me.  I would return to most of my three star reviews.I have had a mental debate whether to give this place two stars or three.  For fear of getting flamed, I bumped up my 2.5 to 3.  I guess the main thing is that I just don't get this place.  We went for the early bird service at 5pm because we had a big group and it was tough to find parking.  People were already flowing out the front door waiting for tables.  My in-laws think Tia's has the best food, but my inclination is that Mesa just needs some more restaurants.The chips are good and the salsa is average.  I don't really like it when salsa tastes like enchilada sauce and this is borderline.  I have been here 3 or 4 times and the only time I thought my meal was good to very good was the time I ordered fish tacos even though I usually do not like fruit in my Mexican food.  Due to the fact that everyone seems to love the food, I keep trying new things but am usually sorely disappointed.  This time, I had average tortilla soup and an average mini shrimp quesadilla (which was served open faced, unlike most quesadillas and sweet).  I guess I will stick to the fish tacos or try Andrew's suggestion of carne asada next time the in-laws want to hit up Tia Rosas.
5	Oh, Tia Rosa... how you surprise me. With your festive decorations for the holidays, your loquacious patrons sitting nearly side-by-side, your relatively tiny bar area, large and crowded patio and absurdly long wait lines on weekends, I am befuddled as to how I can like you. But, no matter how many chips I must munch on before shown to a table, no matter how embarrassingly small your beer selection is (although you do have Dos Equis and Fat Tire), and no matter how I may sometimes be randomly serenaded by your boys with guitars, none of this matters when I peek inside your menu (or even slowly sip a 'rita). I cease to concern myself with trivial matters, like beer selection and wait time. Your menu is vast, proffering fresh fish, including halibut and salmon, as well as a new flair on traditional fare, like the Chicken Mole enchiladas, which I devoured with gusto.This is a fun place, extremely family-friendly, good for large groups or when you're with a friend or significant other and you're just craving Mexican food without the fire, the typical beans/rice sides and the standard after-dinner heartburn. On weekends, parking can be quite the headache. So, either arrive early or forgo your plans for a week night. Bottom line: Tia Rosa's is a must.
4	Festive food in a festive atmosphere.  I love the fish tacos: a great place for a group or a romantic evening.
5	I went here for the first time to honor my father after he died.  This was one of his long standing favorite haunts for good Mexican food.I was NOT disappointed and could see immediately why he loved this place.Come as you are; be in dressed to the nines or in your favorite worn to a frazzle blue jeans.  Just be sure to bring a big appetite because the food is tasty and plentiful.  Prices are very reasonable.I had the chile relleno - very good.  Chips were thin, crisp and hot and never ending without having to ask for refills.The ambience is fun and fabulous.  The decor is something right out of a sumptuous Mexican hacienda.  If you have never been to Mexico but would like the feel of  being there then this is the place.Intimate rooms for a cozy tete a tete, large rooms designed to accomodate the largest banquet or charming out door seating plus a very friendly bar area.  Whatever type of dining experience you crave Tia Rosa's can accomodate you.The wait staff was very attentive and the food and Margaritas were amazingly delicious!Email: dennis@ranchodetiarosa.comPhone: (480) 659-8787 RestaurantPhone: (480) 659-8790 Taqueria Location3129 East McKellips Road - Mesa, Arizona 85213Open Tuesday through Saturday, from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m.Closed Sunday and MondayFrom the AirportTake the 202 East to the Gilbert Road exit. Turn right on Gilbert and go to McKellips Road (3rd stop light). Turn left on McKellips and go to Rancho de Tia Rosa, on the south side of the street, just past the light at Lindsay.
3	I went back to Rancho De Tia Rosa on May 8, 2008 -- It's still ok, but not bad for the area.  I'll stick to the original Rosa's out on University.This will be the place for meeting my friends who live on that side of town.
1	I'm sorry...but no thanks.Growing up in East Mesa, when Tia Rosa's opened it soon (for some reason) became the go-to "nice" Mexican spot.  I'm not sure why...the food is about on par or below the standard of most Mexican food that one can other wise find in Mesa.  I don't understand the obsession.All of my memories of Tia Rosa's are attached to one overriding theme:  Waiting.  On a Tuesday or other week night it is not uncommon to wait over an hour (say an hour and 40 min) for a table.  There really isn't a good area or bar to wait either.  Then it's the waiting for a server to come.  Then it's the LONG wait for food.Why all the waiting for something that's not even that fantastic??
4	I'm picky, but I've found that there are two things Tia Rosa's does really well:  their chile rellenos, and also anything with beef in it. their chile rellenos are non-traditional, almost, I would say, New Mexico style, but they are now my favorite rellenos anywhere. and the beef comes out nice and tender and flavorful. I would highly recommend this place, but it does get crowded on weekends (way crowded!). I try to go for lunch. :)
1	I've been to RdTR on 4 separate occasions... each with the hope that the previous visits were just bad nights.  What can I say.  We live within a mile of the place and will never go back.Dishes have always been prepared with a lack of focus and flavor that should define this cuisine.  I had their braised pork which was so dry, I would swear they used loin instead of shoulder.On a separeate occasion, we brought out of town friends and they pointed out how interesting their 'smoked' refried beans were.  I tasted them and commented that there was no such thing.  Their beans were burnt.  Fish tacos - just ok.  Burritos - go elsewhere for 1/2 the price.  Rellenos - not really rellenos.If you want real Mexican food, look elsewhere.  If you want to eat at a really charismatic place, wait for 45 minutes for a table and leave feeling like Garcias would have been more authentic, then this is your place.UPDATE:  After moving away from Arizona and coming back to visit family, I relented and tried this place again.  I really want to like you Tia Rosa, but sadly, no change.  What is it?  Why?  This is a Mexican food place in ARIZONA and it should be the bomb.  But its not and I don't think ever will be.  I can't really tell why but it feels like there is a lack of soul.
4	A little history on this place.If I remember right, the owner of Tia Rosa's was the original owner of Rosa's Mexican grill on Univ & Mesa Dr. He sold that (still exists there.. don't know if it tastes the same) to make a more "elegant"? mexican food experience. I think something was lost in the translation between the move because I don't care so much for the Tia Rosa's as much as the old school Rosa's.The good thing is that he also made a small shop with an identical menu to the old school joint on Univ & Mesa so that I can get my favs there. So I'm not so much a fan of the fancy joint as I am the old style menu which sits in the same parking lot.I love their Hot salsa. My wife loves their Green salsa.
2	YIKES! I demoted them to 2 stars. Why?!The food, plain and simple. It really isn't Rosa's on University. I had been running errands all day last Saturday and I ended up at Bark Avenue Pet Supply, right next door to Tia Rosa's.I remembered thinking it was ok the last time so I thought, why not? I couldn't afford to be picky as my cousin and I were having a bad low blood sugar moment...I knew it was bad because I started to have the shakes -- anyway...sorry...I am digressing.There weren't that many people there, so that was a good thing. Service was wonderful. The chips and salsa revived us, as did the iced tea.I decided to splurge and get the chimichanga instead of the salad I would have normally ordered. BIIIG mistake. One of the things I liked about Rosa's on University is that their chicken chimichangas are flavorful - the chicken is always spiced right and it's never dry.I truly wish I could have said the same about this one. I was so angry with it that I ended up just yanking the chicken out (they put beans inside the chimichanga instead of it being straight chicken -- yuck) and eating the deep fried shell. The salad on the plate was going bad - it was brown and slimey.My cousin wasn't thrilled with her burrito and the refried beans in general just had zero flavor. I can't believe that these 2 restaurants are the same ones operating off the exact recipes. Tia Rosa's has gone dreadfully wrong somewhere and I can't quite put my finger on it.The atmosphere is still cute and the bathrooms are always wonderfully clean, but the food...the food...PISSES ME OFF. IF I PAY THAT MUCH FOR IT I EXPECT IT TO BE GOOD.The appearance of the place forces me to give it 2 stars because it really is adorable. Now if only the food had some flavor and consistency from the original Rosa's on University.I refuse to go back there -- even if someone else is paying.
1	Your grand mother from Minneapolis Minnesota will say, "It is the best Mexican food she has ever had" Provided she has never been to  Taco Bell.The only Hispanic I saw was the 75-year-old bus boy.Large dinning room with 10 to 15 crying children.  I don't blame them.The waiter will ask you  for his tip upfront .as this will be the last time you see him. Women seem to be runners not wait staff. Bean were soured and the meet over cooked.GEN REVIEW  OVER FOODOVER COOKEDOVER PRICEDOVER IT
4	To say I'm a fan of Tia Rosa's is a bit of an understatement. I fell in love with the green tomatillo salsa and black bean soup the first time I ate at the old location on University in 1993. Since their move to the present location, I've noticed one significant factor that always reminds me why I keep coming back. Consistency. Each bite of fish taco, carnitas or chicken mole tastes just as good as the first time I tried them. Sure, the cuisine is in no way bold or spicy (unless you ask for the habanero salsa...) but it is always fresh and flavorful. And sure there are the typical taco/burrito/quesadilla offerings, but the rest of the menu is what really shines. Try the Ancho Peach Chicken for example. Not a lot of heat, but a juicy seared chicken breast immersed in a delicious sweet peach glaze with just a hint of smoke. Or the Enchiladas Mariscos with their grilled white fish, sauteed shrimp and Montery Jack wrapped up nicely and covered in a creamy green sauce. And my favorite, the slow roasted shredded beef. I haven't been able to find anything that comes close to its savory, tender, char-grilled goodness anywhere in the Valley. Now, it is true that there is very little you can do to get around the long wait for a table aside from coming in at an off time. The physical property itself is quite charming if not a little kitchy but is starting to show some wear and tear. Every taste convinces me that Tia Rosa's isn't your average taco/enchilada joint but rather something special to be experienced.
3	This is one of the few mexican food places that I will eat at. The chimis are great. Thats basically what I always get. The place seems to be always packed with old Mesa people and snowbirds. The atmosphere is fun and the chips and salsa are good, not the best, but respectable. I rarely go anymore since the discovery of  Cantina Laredo and Cravings Gecko Grill. But still worth going if in the area.
4	Really like this place. The environment is great, reminds me a lot of Mexico. The food is pretty good and never really had a bad experience here. I watched a show on the Mesa channel on Cox and is displayed the owner, I can't remember his name, but I always love to know who the owner is and the story about the restaurant. I wouldn't say that the food is the best I have ever had, but pretty consistently good. Excellent chips and salsa, the fried ice cream is great, but had the cheesecake, next time I will pass on that, but their key lime pie is pretty good.
4	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant of all time... Good, tasty food, full bar with great cocktails (big, intact mint leaves in their mojitos) and great atmosphere. I've been frequenting both the restaurant and the taqueria for years and it's one of the reasons that I think it's good to be back in the 480.However, I was semi-disappointed last night when my friend Jarrod and I went to the restaurant for dinner and when he asked for hot sauce on the side and we informed that it would be an extra $1.00. Seriously? Extra charges for hot sauce at a Mexican restaurant? I mean, that's like a bar charging for water...When you go here, I highly suggest the green sauce. Whether it be as the salsa on your chips or the enchilada sauce, it is absolutely fantastic. Also a big fan of the shrimp tacos with their pineapple salsa - om nom nom.Glad to be back where there is plenty of good Mexican food to eat rather than in SF where the best Mexican is in burrito form (no offense to SF burritos but there's more to Mexican cuisine than that - SF still rocks the house in weather and culture though).
3	It's Saturday night and you don't mind waiting for your food then it's worth it.  If they accept reservations then you need to do it a couple of days before.  We had a party of 11 and I was impressed at how fast we were served.  We called ahead to be added to the list and then waited about an hour to be seated.   The place was packed.  The parking lot was full and once it's full there isn't any other alternatives to parking.  The atmosphere was nice and they have a magician entertain you while you wait for a table.  Which is really great if you have children with you.  My husband and I were not happy when the waitress forgot stuff for his meal and we had to flag down the manager.   She was great at making sure we all had water and drinks.   Also when we got our bill it took her about 30 minutes to take our money and then rounded up and kept the change as her part of her tip when she already included an 18% gratuity on our bill.  It is little things like that can make people upset.  Now for the food.   I had a quesadilla that cost $12 served with rice and beans.   If anything I enjoyed the beans the most.   The quesadilla was okay but I prefer the one I get at Qdoba more.   The rice was uninspriring and rather bland.   Their green verde salsa is to die for.   The group as a whole seemed to enjoy it the most and kept getting refills of chips.   I also ordered ice tea which I wasn't warned about was passion fruit.  Not my favorite type of tea either but it was okay.  So I drank more water instead.  Anyway, it's an okay place to eat at but I can't say I'll go there often.  Not a big fan of overpriced mexican food.
4	Go for lunch and go before 11:30 or order out. Its crowded and loud and the food is pretty good. We eat here often, but I have had better at Matta's. Their enchiladas in red sauce and flying saucers with no dressing but with their green chili salsa are family favorites. The servers are fast and friendly. Parking is awful and the wait can get ridiculous at dinner time.
4	This is always on the "must go to" list when I have out of town guests.  The patio is really, really nice - especially if you can get the private patio off to the side (you need to request it - and have a large party) with its own private fireplace and view of the grassy gardens in the back.  I am a huge fan of the seafood enchiladas - and the flying saucers are really good too!
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the area. They have some interesting dishes and an impressive margarita list! If you like spicy salsa ask for the "hot" salsa, it's very good. The service and food are consistently good. This is a favorite amongst our out of town guest as well. Tia's serves up great food and great atmosphere!
5	Very good food and you could not ask for a more fun environment. We have a lot of Mexican food in Mesa and this is by far the best!  Try the salmon enchiladas or the seafood tacos...WOW! You also can't go wrong with their mole sauce! They also have a killer vanilla bean ice cream with actual vanilla beans! So good..I'm getting hungry just writing about it. GO THERE! :)
5	I have to say this place is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant!! The location could not be better and the food is perfect!!!!For sure visit the patio, even in the summer. There are misters and large trees, great for groups, birthdays and business.
4	A tasty island in a sea of mediocrity.  The East Valley isn't known for dining excellence so a place like Tia Rosa's is cherished.I usually dine at the Taqueria as it has my favorite tacos at a cheaper price then the restaurant.  The salmon taco and seafood enchiladas are superb and virtually unrivaled in all of Phoenix.The restaurant is good although it is typically loud and could stand to lose a few dozen decorations.  The place is so laden with every kind of Mexican curio and keepsake that it crosses good taste and sets up shop in the land of kitsch.Think of it as the Barrio Cafe for the suburbs.
4	This is some very good Mexican.  Maybe my favorite in the Phoenix area.  I think the slow cooked pork is the deal.
4	My 85 year old grandpa is one of the greatest foodies i know... and it is from him that i get my love for food. I have heard this story of his about finding a little Italian place is Vienna a dozen times and every time the story gets better. I promise this all ties into my review.I took my grandparents to Tia Rosa or Racho De Tia Rosa if you don't live in Mesa, last week, while they were in town on their way to Norway. There were 9 of us so we dined in the large room and it was loud. However, they were true to their word and had us seated 5 min after we arrived and 30 min after i called in... this on a FRIDAY! If weather and party size permit i recommend sitting outside, less noise and more relaxing.I had the chicken mole... the flavor was brilliant but it was a little too spicy, which is a bad combo because i couldn't spot eating and kept sweating and getting the hiccups. I recommend the fish tacos and don't waste your time on the salmon, go straight for two shrimp. My Grandpa's review of Tia Rosa's: It was worth going just of the Mango Lemonade.
5	I love this place.  It's a rather relaxing place to enjoy some good Mexican food.  Great for a date or casual meal with some friends.  Their salsa is amazing that they serve with their tortilla chips.This is the place to go for phenomenal Mexican food in a cozy pueblo styled atmosphere =)
4	I'm shocked I forgot to write a review on this place. Excellent, innovative mexican food. The margaritas are amazing and there are so many to chose from! Wonderful salsa's, crispy chips; the total package. Tia Rosa's had become a staple when I lived in AZ, I'd go with my parents, my friends, anyone. Vegetarians can rely on their black beans and most waiters will let you customize your order (I've had black bean tacos before, delish!). This is fresh, smokey and smart mexican food, something new from all those chains. Beware the large parties with several kids, is it located in Mesa after all.
3	though are service was a slow start last night our server was apologetic and once we got going, things  went smoothly. dinner was good and the margaritas were tasty we have been to this restaurant a number of times and have always left satisfied
4	I literally live a block away from this place and this is the default place to take guests to eat when they're in town.  They grow their vegetables fresh behind the restaurant and their fresh chips and salsa usually need 3-4 refills before the food comes. :DTheir outdoor seating area is very nice.  Perfect spot to take your dinner date.  Very romantic lighting and heaters when the air gets chilly.  During the daytime, it's a very nice atmosphere to catch up with old friends or have a business lunch with a client.  I think it's better than Macayo's, Serrano's, and other 'chain/many location' Mexican food places.  The owners keep an eye out for the quality of food they serve here and the always packed parking lot speaks for itself.
5	AWESOME Mexican food. And even more amazing service!This place is super huge, so we naturally assumed we would be cramped and have to wait hours for our food. Not so! The tables are arranged in a manner where you are able to see everyone in the area, but are given enough space that you feel as if you are in your own private area. The waitress took our order in 3 minutes and we were seated within 10 minutes. Amazing. It was a pretty crowded night too, the parking situation is a little tough when the lot is full. We had to park in the back, unpaved area, at the very end spot next to the ditch. Service continued on with greatness, water refills without asking- she even brought us lemons for our water :). I like.The food was amazingly delicious. Dare I say the best Mexican food I have had outside of homemade cooking. And I love Mexican food. The cheese enchiladas (my Mexican staple) were fabulous. You could smell the fresh corn tortilla, the cheese was not overly stringy and there was the perfect amount of sauce. The rice was also tasty and not dry. The chips and salsa were super great too. Sigh* I want some right now. I hope to get to venture here more often!! BF had the chile relleno. He states "the pork filling made the whole dish very fulfillingim usually still hungry after eating a regular chilli relleno with just cheese."Yummilicious Factor = A++
4	I love Rancho De Tia Rosa!  The food is out of this world delicious! The expansive list of margaritas is as delicious as the food!  And the service has always been attentive, flexible, and upbeat! And of course there's the decor! You could spend an evening just walking around the place looking at the wide variety of Mexican artifacts on display.  I would love to see the owners try a fine dining Mexican place.  They could use the exact same recipes, take the already superb service up a notch to Ritz Carlton levels, tweak the already entertaining decor ever so slightly and I think you have a formula for success!Not that they need it!  The place was packed! Keep up the good work!
5	We have a new favorite Mexican restaurant... Rancho De Tia Rosa was packed by 6:30 on Saturday night.  We called ahead (no reservations for groups less than 10) and had to wait about 5 minutes before we were seated.Then came the red and green salsa with chips.  At first taste, after hearing all the yelp love for this stuff, I thought it was good but didn't see the hype.  Next thing I knew I had ordered a total of three extra salas.. both red and green.  This stuff is amazing!The red salsa was fresh and not spicy at all, but was perfect for both dipping and topping off my beef carne asada fajitas. The green salsa was sweet, but not too sweet and had an intoxication about it that made me continue to eat it long after I was full.We tried the taco sampler (carnitas, beef, chicken).  All three were very good, but we were practically fighting over the carnitas and beef.  While the chicken was very good and clearly fresh, the carnitas and beef were too good to ignore.  Make sure you squeeze the lime on your carnitas.I had the beef carne asada (mexico city fajitas) w/ roasted vegetables, rice and beans.  Everything was perfectly cooked and had a delicate roasted taste to it that put each item over the top.  It seemed literally everything was freshly cooked over an open flame by someone who clearly took pride in what they were doing.The way they slow cook the meat for 10 hours and then grill over an open flame combines for a taste sensation that can't be missed.  The meat is among the most tender and was probably of a good cut.  You wouldn't know because it was perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth.My wife had the beef chimichanga which also was delicious.  The chimi was perfectly cooked fresh and not greasy.We finished our meal off with the fried ice cream with strawberries.  This is a must try!  All the ingredients perfectly meshed together and the strawberries put it over the top.Only negative of the night was our 'chips and salsa boy', who we coined "Slammy Sosa" because he angrily slammed down our salsas.We think it was because he forgot to bring them a few minutes earlier.  This kid seemed to hate his life and became clearly disgusted when I asked for a green salsa (he only brought the red, come on dude!!).  We laughed about his nickname for the duration of the meal, so it wasn't a big deal.... but he almost cost this place a star.Oh and I would definitely recommend this place for kids.  It was very loud because it was packed, so you don't have to worry about that.  Also they had the BEST balloon artist we'd ever seen.  He was very loud and funny.  The kids loved him.  He made some of the most amazing things from balloons, including a basketball hoop hat
2	Went to Tia rosa's with my girlfriend for a meal.... Use to be my parents fav Mexican restaurant. Decided to check it out again. 30 min wait to sit in the restaurant so we sat at the bar which was wide open. Which was understandable because it was uncomfortable, small, no tv and 3 bartenders with a lack of personality and seemed as though they didn't like each other. I have bartended for years and certainly don't expect my bartender to entertain me, but it seemed as though we were being an inconveience to them by requesting to eat our meal at the bar. After asking for a bar towel to wipe off the filthy empty bar cause my arms were sticking to it, we ordered drinks and were immediatly served with a request to pay. We informed him that we had planned on eating as well and would like to run a tab. After retrieving menus and giving us silverware he walked away only to return 10 mins later questioning if we cared for chips and salsa? I was hesitant to say no because I felt as if he really didn't want to deliver them to us. Reminding myself that since I was paying him to serve us and we did go there because we were starving I accepted his offer, as well as ordering a cheese crisp as an appetizer. The cheese crisp came out on a large pizza tin with a small taco size cheese crisp for $5. I presumed they put it on a large pizza tin so the bartender didn't have to go out of his way and offer us appetizer plates. Not interested in using the pizza tin as a plate my gf snagged 2 dirty coffee saucers from the end of the bar so we could enjoy them. The salsa was delicous and our food was really good too. I ordered the fajitas and wasn't pleased with the 2 huge tortillas I had to stuff with only meat since they were lacking on the lettuce, pico de gallo, and cheese which i had to request and pay for on the side. The drinks were very week and people were bringing their drinks back to the bar to get more booze. I myself requested another shot of tequila for my margarita. I asked for a cheap shot of silver tequila and the bartender wasn't sure what to pour so he gave me an $8 shot in my $8 margarita. So basically I paid $16 for a weak margarita. The salsa was the best part of our meal, you would think with a restaurant full of cheap snow birds you would have thought a middle aged couple wanting to spend money at the bar running up a $60 tab you would think they would have shown a little bit of effort to accomodate us. Next time I will wait 30 minutes and hopefully get a server who would show a little appreciation for your business. If there is a next time.
5	The food is delicious... I specially love their tamales, they taste like some one picked up the corn that morning!!! True, the place is ALWAYS busy but that is understandable since they have good food, good service and nice atmosphere. Plus, even thought is always busy, we never had to wait more than 5 minutes before we get a table. Last time my boyfriend and I were there, we were sitting right next to a table with 15 people. We thought "great, now our waiter is going to be to busy and we'll get bad service"... but no, that didn't happen... we got great service. Also, even though it gets pretty busy, we never felt is too loud or crowded. We are always comfortable and can have a conversation without having to yell across the table. Plus, they also have tons of outdoor seating.  Anyway, We love this place so much that we drive 30 minutes just to eat there... and 30 minutes is a long drive for those of us who like to hang out within the Tempe city limits!!!!!
5	This my 3 time back to Tia Rosa I am liking this place! The food is out of this world delicious! The expansive list of margaritas is as delicious as the food selections! And the service has always been attentive, flexible, and upbeat! You should not go wrong in this place. The only thing to worry is how busy this can get so get there early.
5	Tia Rosa's has the best Chicken Nachos I've ever eaten. You've got to try the nachos if you visit Tia's. They are good with Chicken or Beef, and are one of the best values I've come across at only $9 for a huge plate that 2 can share.If I were a famous serial killer on death row, and I was offered my last meal, it would be Tia Rosa's chicken nachos.
4	Whether it is eating dinner at the sit down restaurant or getting food to take home, the food at Tia Rosa's is pretty darn good!My personal favorite is getting take out from the little shack across the parking lot. There chicken Chimi is really delicious and very filling! Their beans are really good, and it is hard to please me with beans. The Chimi comes with guacamole, sour cream and salsa. All make great complements to the Chimi.Their salsa are pretty tasty, they aren't that spicy, but other than that I love getting their Chips and salsa when I take my Chimi to go. When I'm in the area I am always happy to stop by Tia Rosa's!
5	This is a true gem by Mesa culinary standards... perhaps the finest restaurant in all of Mesa! This is a place to bring out-of-towners. A place to celebrate fiesta's, and a place to get hammered on massive margaritas. The restaurant is really more of a Spanish fortress than an eatery. Oh, and good luck parking.Tip: The back patio is muy-romantico in the cooler months.
5	Best mexican in america, PERIOD!  Worth a trip to Arizona to eat this stuff.This was the only time that I ate my meal and then rudely ate the scraps off the four plates that my friends had left unfinished.  I don't care if they used MSG or Lard to make it so delicious...this is exactly what I would have ordered if Jesus had invited me to the Last Supper.
4	My family went to Rancho de Tia Rosa on a Saturday night and boy did we enjoy ourselves.  Our group of 8, including 2 kids, enjoyed our food thoroughly.  The music and the balloon guy were added pluses.  In fact, even the adults were entranced by what the guy could do with balloons.The menu had many vegetarian and gluten free options and my pork chop was delicious.  Even the corn side dish was some of the best I have ever had.  I highly recommend it.
4	I've been here a dozen times and have only had the seafood enchiladas.  They are that good.  Plenty of shrimp and fish served with a creamy green enchilada sauce.  The grilled red and green peppers and rice round out the dish.Plenty of chips and salsa and speedy refills on the iced tea.
4	Very good Mexican food, wonderful atmosphere.  Always happy to find a great place to eat Mexican food when I am out of San Diego.  We went here on Mother's Day and all the moms got 'Hot Tamales' candy.  There is a big parking lot and we had no trouble finding a spot in the lot.
5	This place is fast, but the food is not fast food quality at all. The portions are pretty big and the prices are reasonable. The re-fried beans at this place are epic. I actually heard they put butter in them. The only other beans that are this good are my sister's homemade ones. The parking is horrible, but that is because this place is busy all the time. I don't bother calling in a take out order because for my order the longest I have ever waited was 10 minutes, and the restaurant was packed. The chips are perfect too.
3	This place is a little out of my way, but when I'm visiting the folks in Mesa we come here.  The fish/shrimp tacos are good, as is the carnitas plate.  Great Mexican place to go to if you are trying to watch your carb in take.  Not a huge fan of the salsa or margaritas.  Love the outdoor patio seating.
5	Family owned, Awesome food and top notch customer service.Seafood tacos FTW !The Sirrine family who owns the place are truly honest and passionate about there restaurant. it truly shows in the quality and freshness of the food.
1	Unbelievable. I am hungry waiting for boyfriend but they won't seat me until he is here. They are not packed. I am not a disjointed party of eight. Is there a reason I can't be seated? Every time I come here which is not often something is not quite right. Never again. Food was ok. My lips still have grease on them. I've been here a number of times & fail to see why people think it's so great. Service was good once my full party of two arrived.
5	I went here with family back in the 90's while on vacation and fell in love.  I now live in Phoenix but in the west valley.  It is almost an hour away and I will gladly drive all the way to Mesa to eat the best Mexican food in Arizona!
1	I hate to have to do this because all in all, I do like the food here, but a few things about them really turn me off and this last experience was my last straw. We went for lunch and our waitress ordered the wrong dish for me, and she was very nice and admitted it was her fault and apologized. I am pretty easy going so I had no big issue with it, except it took a VERY long time for me to get what I ordered, and by the time I did, my husband had finished his food and was ready to go. It really did throw things off and cause us to be delayed in general for getting back to work during our lunch hour, not to mention a big inconvenience to wait that long when I was really hungry!  I figured because of their own mistake and how incredibly long it took for me to finally get my meal they would just comp me my dish. Any restaurant would, I thought.  But when the waitress brought over the check she said, "I talked to my manager and he is taking off $4 from your dish because of the wait".  Wow....how generous.  My dish was $11.   Might as well just not do anything.  FOUR DOLLARS?  Please, it was really adding insult to injury here.  I had to wait forever to get it and it was a huge inconvenience, and it occurred due to THEIR MISTAKE, not me just ordering the wrong thing.To compound this experience, there were several times in the past where we felt generally the same thing...they are very cheap and tight with what they'll do for their customers. I had been going for years and I mean regularly. I had been a loyal customer since before they moved their location. Any by loyal I mean coming in once a week. They knew me and always recognized how often I come in. And I would bring new friends and people with me too, so they probably got a ton of business from not just me, but all the people I would bring!So one time I asked if they would consider donating toward a fundraiser I was doing for dog rescue by giving a gift certificate for $20 or something. I was told by one of the owners "sorry, no, we have already done our quota for the year for donations".  This was a bit of shock to me considering how regular of a patron I was.  But I joked with by boyfriend at the time that I liked their food enough that I would probably still go back, even though that really pissed me off. I'm sure they could have put their kids through college the first year on the income from just me and all the friends I have brought there. I couldn't believe it was too much to just give a gift certificate for a fundraiser to one of their most loyal customers?  Obviously they are not concerned at this point with good customer service, only churning out as many meals and making as much profit as possible.  For that reason, and for the insulting $4 comp to my check this last time, we are not going back. They have lost a very long time loyal patron.
4	This hidden gem is a must stop for Mexican food, especially if you live in the East Valley.  I haven't been to Tia Rosa's in about 5 years, and boy has it improved.  The trees have grown so much that we drove past it twice because we didn't see the sign.  Tia Rosa's has two options, their front take-out restaurant and the main dining area.  It's just what you would expect when you walk into the Mexican style Hacienda, a water fountain and great courtyard for eating outside.  The menu is diverse and there are several vegetarian options.  I went with the Spinach enchiladas served with roasted corn and black beans, they were fantastic!  The table ordered carne asada, a beef burrito and the fish tacos.  All raved about the food.  The only complaint that we had was the salsa was just okay, it wasn't hot enough and their hot sauce was not very tasty.  We all wish we had a little more spice in our dishes, but the overall consensus is still a solid 4. If you decide to dine at Tia Rosa's try to get a table in the back courtyard or the room to the right of it, it will greatly improve the experience!
1	I ate here while visiting family and did not have a positive experience.  We were quickly seated but waited over 10 minutes for the waiter to come and ask if we would like water and to bring our chips and salsa.  He apologized and said they had and unexpected rush (it was 6pm on a friday, I think they call it dinner time).  The service continued to be lousy and the food left alot to be desired.  They obviously put alot more time and money into the ambiance then into their menu and service.
4	I am not much of a mexican food fan, but this was a very nice restaurant that had a lot of variety.  Besides the waiter accidentally spilling a margarita (which was very tasty) on a person in our party, the service was excellent.The pork was wonderful.  The shrimp tacos were absolutely delectable!  The chips were fresh and pleantiful.  Salsas were very good also.I can't believe how busy it got while we were there.  Obviously a hot spot in this part of town.  I can see why.
2	The most tasteless mexican food I've ever had. I gave the 2 stars because the service was great considering we went as a large party. Everything came out in a timely fashion and correctly. Our server was also really nice.But the food is awful. Just terrible. Kind of defeats the purpose of it being a restaurant... Just sayin'.
4	Went here lastnight with family and really like the place.  Atmosphere is awesome and there is so much to look at!  That said the service was as expected, fast, and they clear the tables as you clear your plates!! WOW, what a novel idea!!  I thought that was very customer focused.  The food was delish!  I had the fish tacos, shrimp and salmon with the fruit salsas and OMG!!  I wanted more even though I was full!! The chips and salsa are even more addicting here, something about the crunch, and the salsas were not too spicy and actually a little sweet!  THE FLAN WAS FANTASTIC!!  I highly highly recommend for awesome Mexican food, perhaps the best Mexican food I have had in my 10 years living in AZ!!
4	Went to the new location at Guadalupe and Higley. I had the Shrimp Matazlan with was something new for me. What a nice surprise for my taste buds.The honey & coco taste was really nice and just the right amount. The grilled vegetables and pineapple were nice.The atmosphere leaves room for improvement. There was no music when we first got there, but then it came from the heavens.The patio at the original is so wonderful, but the patio at the new location either is not finished or is not parts of their plans.Service was pretty good and the price is fair.
2	Eh, had expected a lot more out of this place after reading the reviews and craving Mexican food here in Mesa.  Didn't quite deliver.I needed a drink so I ordered a Golden Caddy margarita on the rocks - hold the salt, please.  This thing was good.The food?  Not so much.  I ordered the steak fajitas ($1.25 extra for NY Strip, which I ordered).  Well, when my food arrived, I saw a thin, low-quality, NY Strip steak in its entirety.  No strips.  No flaming fajita platter.  Nothing.  I sliced my steak into strips and went ahead and filled one of my two flour tortillas.  The tortillas were quite big.  As a result, my entire steak filled about half of my first tortilla, leaving me with an extra tortilla and no meat.  My steak came with a side of rice, refried beans, and a little bit of chopped lettuce.  My meal really sucked.  After I left this place, I immediately went to Sonic and ate grease (popcorn chicken) because I was still hungry.Can't wait to hit the gym when I get back to the East Coast. So much for having a nice last meal in Arizona.
3	I really do love this place, as it is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the Valley (we live in Scottsdale and make the drive frequently). The atmosphere is amazing and very festive during the Holidays. My absolute favorite on the menu is the Squash Blossom Soup which is seasonal and delish! The flying saucer is killer as well as the Carne Asada Platter. Salads are ok, but I wouldn't bother when there is so much great food to eat here.I wish they had fountain soft drinks (because they are yummier) but their's are bottled (plastic bottles)...but then again, there's always a yummy margarita to be had! Tia Rosa is a Valley favorite and a really good restaurant!
5	This place is fantastic!   Hard to find but once you do you are in for a treat!  The Carne Asada and fish Tacos are the best in town. The service is great and the atmosphere is out of this world.
5	My whole family and I absolutely love this place!  Everything we have ever ordered has been excellent.  I love the decor as well!
3	This place is just ok...I ordered the shrimp enchilladas which were kinda bland. I am giving it 3 stars because we were seated quickly despite their being like 10 people waiting and the service was good. But i live in tempe and the food is just not worth the drive I can get this same food at garcia's or arriba's with a little more seasoning.
5	Great!
5	You'd think that in a state like Arizona that you could throw a rock 10 feet and find great Mexican food. This is NOT true unfortunately. I've been searching for truly great Mexican food for two years and Ive finally found it!  Not only is the food fantastic but the ambiance can't be beat. The patio is gorgeous, and there are several different rooms and each has it's own look and feel. If you don't want to sit in you can get take out. There's a separate building in the parking lot that handles only carry out orders.  It's not the cheapest place but it's worth every penny
5	My favorite!!I am an Arizona Native and know good Mexican food. I have been eating at Tia Rosa's for years! This is my absolute favorite Mexican food restaurant. I crave the SHRIMP TACOS all of the time. My husband loves the Chimichangas because the meat is so tender and wonderful. I definitely recommend.
5	This place is fantastic!!! I love there green salsa!! they are so great as a matter of fact that my wife and i had them cater our wedding reception. I recommend this to anyone in the mesa area. From the Tia burrito to the enchiladas you cant go wrong!!!!
2	Eh, just OK.  I wasn't wowed by the food, and my horchata was very watery and too sweet (and served in a leaking broken cup).  In addition, there was a long wait to be seated, and once we were, service was a bit spotty.
4	From here on out this will be my go to spot when i get my Mexican cravings! Lovely atmosphere both indoors and out on the patio. The prices are for sure unbeatable and the quality of food is excellent. I'm talking plates (big plates) starting at 9 bucks. Service was good and they are very accommodating to make your order just the way you want it. Whole list of exotic margaritas also...and i love free shit (especially if its food)so you know the chips and salsa that came out when we sat down put a big smile on this girls face.Good for family, date night, gossip time with the girls etc..muy delicioso !
2	Is it the fault of the restaurant if we were being serve by a bad waiter? Wrong food given, The waiter doesn't pay much attention while talking to us and when our bill came it was also a mistake. Everything didn't turn out right! My wife and I stared at each other when the other customer said in a loud voice that this waiter did an good job for them. Maybe we started on a wrong foot or it's just a bad hair day for this waiter! Hey, not everything didn't turned out bad....THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT. Maybe in my next visit I shall write a better review for this restaurant.
4	If this place was being rated on the atmosphere alone it would be 5 stars.  The service was great and the food ranged from average to really good.  The prices are to me a bit high for the quality of food.  Recently I have had a chance to eat at several low cost, very high quality family owned Mexican food resturants.  I must say.. the very very best foods come from the most unexpected places.
5	OK, I'm going to admit living in the 'Dale I have no reference for good Mexican food as I'm not sure it exists there.  However the experience and food at Tia Rosa has been so gut-bustingly fantastic I have to give this place a fiver!The Tia Rosa style fajitas with carne asada is amazing, tender, and has a ridiculous amount of flavor.  It's not a traditional carne but fantastic nonetheless.  I can't bring myself to order anything else, but apparently there are other menu options as well.  The chips and salsa is fuh-ree and includes the verde, regular, and hot stuff upon request--I recommend you make that request.The only two negatives--one of which would normally be a -1 star--are a lack of beer on tap and no hot sauce available!  I can grudgingly live with the beer issue, and I've solved the hot sauce problem by bringing my own Cholula.  I'm not sure if the Little Lady was entertained or embarassed.  Anyways, keep in mind it's BYOHS and get out to RDTR for some fantastic Mexican food.
2	Now I've been to Tia Rosa several times and I've always enjoyed the food and Margaritas.  I specifically love the grilled peppers and onions you receive with some dishes.  That said, last time I was there, I ordered a Vegetarian Burro ($12....which is already quite a lot for a Burro filled with beans), and asked to have some grilled peppers and onions put inside, instead of cheese....and then the grilled peppers and onions on the side instead of the beans and rice.  My burro ended up costing $18!  $3 extra for each addition of the grilled veggies.  I could have got a better tasting burrito at Chipotle...actually 3 veggie burritos at Chipotle for $18...and those come with peppers and onions, and Guacamole!When you spend $60 on Margaritas, and another $80 on food,  I would expect them to throw in a side of vegetables.
5	For me this place is out in the middle of nowhere, but if you are anywhere within the 20 mile radius-you must go! Today I tried the take-out building for lunch/ 1 and the service was great! Very nice and knowledgeable about the menu.  BTW there are plenty of tables to eat in at.I had the new salmon tacos with their mango salsa (that I crave regularly) and with a little green salsa to even out the sweetness they were perfect and plentiful.  The salmon had a tiny bit of crunch on the edge and the rest was perfectly moist.Usually I can resist eating all the corn tortillas...not here! Too darn good. For $10 I got 2 huge fish tacos & an even bigger soda. Great value!
4	Mesa suffers from a serious poverty of fun things to do and good places to eat, but before you start praying for daylight there is hope! If you're tired of soulless chain establishments and Mexican food that seems a little too authentic, but don't want to flee to Tempe or Phoenix Tia Rosa's is just what the foodie ordered.Salmon Taco with Mango Salsa, need I say more? Yum - E!
4	Love it. Beautiful atmosphere, great customer service and fresh food. A little pricey but worth it for a fun evening out. My only complaint is that they are closed both Sundays and Mondays--seems a little excessive but that's just me. I highly recommend the cheese enchiladas with green sauce. To all my veggies out there, never fear! Their beans are safe for us :) For many years we have been and will continue to be frequent customers.
5	Love, Love, LOVE and thats all I can say! Ive never had a bad meal! Get the Flying Saucer!
4	absolutely beautiful mexican restaurant in middle of nowhere, east mesa.  drop by if you're around.  the food's good, kinda pricey, but you'll love the misty patio and the ambiance of the place.
2	We drove nearly 40 miles to come here from Ahwatukee and try this place out. As a lover of Mexican food for close to 50 years I really wanted to try the Mole since the write up on it via their site made my mouth water. However, it was missing any bite at all and was far too sweet. The chicken was very tender and the mole sauce had a lot of flavor but, once again, no heat and too sweet. The best Mole in town, in my opinion, is at El Zocalo in Chandler. Mi esposa had to try the pork chop instead of her usual fajitas.. Bad choice, she should have had the fajita's. So much for trying to change things up a bit. I have to mention the Salsa since that's such an important condiment at a Mexican food restaurant and one to make the first impression. The one just below the Habanero salsa was great, the regular red was OK but too mild and the green was sweet and unlike any salsa I've ever had. Did this Salsa come from New York city? lol. Did they add sugar or honey to it? These guys seem to really like to sweeten up virtually everything. Finally, the drinks: The house margarita was powerful for a house drink but was also too sweet, The Sangria tasted like the wine coolers I used to buy in 2 liter containers to take to the lake. I'm guessing it was just wine and juice/pop as It had no kick to it at all and no fruit either. Quite a disappointment in this hot weather where Sangria, prepared properly, is so refreshing. They need to mix their own instead of using a pre-concocted mix via bottle. I suggest looking up a recipe online or checking with Secreto or Caraba's since either of them make what we feel is the best Sangria in town. The staff was very friendly and attentive but the bartender had a bit of a "don't bother me" attitude. In hopes that the Mesa location is catering to a more "Eastern or Midwestern" audience we'll be giving the Chandler location a try before writing them off permanently.
5	Love this place. Eat there as often as I can. I always order the carne asada every time I go. The chips and salsa they bring you before dinner are delicious. I always leave there feeling full and satisfied.
1	We had an abominable experience here and, although very close to home for us, vowed to never go back. Took my wife, two daughters, two grandchildren for a 'special' time. We have had decent food and service at this restaurant in the past. I was stuck with a 'tilty' table the entire time. Apparently it is rocket science to address this. The service was delivered as if there was a huge drug party going on in the back. No concept of getting orders out in any sensible order or entrees at the same time. Then there was the food quality. I know good food and I know bad and mediocre food. I seldom leave most of the served food on my plate. I did with this meal. Two of the other adults in our group also were not happy with what they were served. I made our dissatisfaction known to the waiter and basically they don't care. The food is pricey and the drinks are nothing special either. Just get the margarita mix at Costco and essentially you have the same thing. Surprisingly, this restaurant gets a lot of rave reviews. If you want a good Mexican meal with a Southwestern twist, try the Blue Agave.
5	First time i have ever been here. They do not take reservations.   However,  you can call 30 min before you arrive and they will put you on the waiting list.  We did not and we only had to wait 30 to 35 min for a booth. It was worth it!!  It is decorated very nicely.  You do feel as if you are in a cool restaurant in Mexico. I  love coffee with Mexican food and theirs was really good. Chips and salsa bravo,the salsa is great!   I got one of the best Mexican dishes i have ever had. Salmon enchiladas with Avocado sauce and mango chunks. Delish!   My date got Carne Burrito with rice and black beans.  Lots of food ,we took it with and all really good.  Service was nice. Too bad it is so far away from where i live. But, i can't wait to go back. This would be a great place to take out of town visitors.
2	There are so many other Mexican food restaurants in this town, go elsewhere.  I have given Tia Rosas so many chances and am continually disappointed.  I am sad to write this review because I want to like it so badly, it's a great location and atmosphere but the goodness stops there.  The food is bad, the service is AWFUL.  They keep you waiting at lunch (check and food) constantly have dirty dishes, or things floating in your water, get your order wrong, and when it's right - it's just not good.  I've tried a lot on the menu: burritos, enchiladas, seafood enchiladas, fish tacos, Carne asada, etc.  Nothing at all worth talking about.  I hear the chicken mole is good but I'm not paying $15 for anything there.  The final straw came today when 1- there was food in my water glass, 2- my order came out wrong and 3- my $17 bill was rang up at $30.  No remedies for all of these folies were offered.  not going back.  No more chances.
5	I have been here a few times. Was raining like crazy when i last went.  But, the place was still packed. We love it! The food is so very good.     We had a bit of a wait but, it is well worth it.   Staff is friendly and the Decor is very Mexico looking, which is great!  Lots of parking outside in the lot and you can even eat outside when it is not raining.
5	Who knew Mesa was home to such a fun little gem of a Mexican food restaurant! This restaurant has the trifecta: great food, fun atmosphere, tasty cocktails. You really can't get better than that! While on the way to Schnepf Farms for some festive pumpkins, we decided to try out a new dinner spot along the way and Ranch De Tia Rosa was it! I wanted someplace that was filled with character and that had good fun and drinks and I was far from disappointed with our choice. The restaurant is adorably decorated with Mexican inspired furniture and in honor of the Halloween season, they went all out (and I mean all out) with the decorating. The entire restaurant was strung with orange and black lights, pumpkins, goblins, ghosts and scarecrows. Now, the inside part of the restaurant is cute but a little too bright for me, but the back patio is a little slice of heaven! Tables surround an old large true and lights twinkle along the perimeter. It's the perfect place to sit and enjoy the evening, especially when the weather was perfect like it was last night. For food, the yelpers told me that the nachos were "the best they had," so we got those w/ chicken and the stuffed quesadilla with steak. The nachos were enormous and stuffed full with Mexican cuisine delight including guac, plenty of chicken, beans, salsa, sour cream and more goodies. It was so large, a table of three or four could eat this as their meal and be full. The stuffed quesadilla was also delicious and hugely portioned as well. They don't scrimp on the amount of food you get. For the cocktail, I went with a pineapple margarita and loved it when it arrived with a fresh pineapple slice along the glass rim. The margarita was one of the best I've had and tasted freshly squeezed, wasn't too sweet and had plenty of a tequila kick to it. All in all, this spot is a perfect atmosphere for a fun night out at a restaurant and if I lived closer (or even relatively close), I would add this to the rotation. But next time I'm in the area, I know where I will stop by!
4	This is a good Mexican place.
3	The decor is awesome. However, the food is just o.k. for me. I would go back but its not on my list of places to eat anytime soon.
5	Delicious!!  Lynn W and I had a late lunch here after watching a Fall league baseball game at HoHoKam.  I've been wanting to stop in forever, especially since it's so close to home.I had the Carne Asada plate (fajitas, although nothing like any fajitas I've ever had) and it was awesome.  The meat was marinated and char grilled, so tender and so so tasty.  I loved that the peppers and onions were also char grilled, no grease puddle like other places.  The rice was flavorful and beans were some of the best I've ever had.  I had the raspberry margarita and it was so very good.  I'll definitely be back here again!
5	Best fish and shrimp tacos in the universe!  I love this place times infinity!I make sure I go here at least 2 times every time I go to AZ.  Seriously I want this now.
5	Probably our favorite Mexican food restaurant in the SE Valley. The salsas are both fantastic. The shrimp tacos are great! Our problem is when we find something we really like (like the shrimp tacos) we seldom try the other items on the menu when we return. Some places we keep returning to. This is one of them. Some we never go back.
2	I'm sorry I just don't get it. This place is huge and always packed. My in-laws always want to go, so I've been there a bunch. I feel excited to go inside when I get there because it has a cool atmosphere of this semi-old world, pueblo restaurant. Other than that, I think it's barely decent Mexican food and cocktails.
3	Really good salsas but easily the greasiest  quesadilla I've ever had. Good ambiance and decor and fair prices, but the food is just fair as well.
3	So today is my first visit to this place.  My boss took the whole group here, with much hype about the food.  Overall the place was OK.  Had some pluses and some minuses.  I'm thinking I will come here one more time and try something else before I decide if I should make this a regular spot, or relegate it to "yeah, I've been there" status.I was surprised to see chicken mole on the menu.  A very traditional dish that most places don't serve.  Normally I order a chimi when trying out a new place, but I made an exception here and ordered the mole.The rice was very ordinary.  Not bad, but I can't really say I liked it either.  Plain white rice would have been as good or better.   The chicken mole was very flavorful. It was very intense, and good.  I believe it when they say "22 herbs and spices".  I enjoyed it.  The tortillas that accompany the mole started out good (warm, soft), but they cooled pretty quickly and became rather brittle.  Kind of annoying.  And there was a long wait for food.  Nearly an hour after we ordered.
3	Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the work the owners did on the building.  When we went on Wednesday night it was very crowded with a 20 to 30 minute wait.  Once seated it was rather noisy due to the number of people.  The wine glasses were dirty. However the food was good, the price was reasonable, and I think the decor won me over.  It had a lot of style which somehow made up for it faults.  I'll be back hopefully at a less busy time.
4	My parents took my wife and I to Tia Rosa one night for dinner, and the line was so long we decided to return the next day for lunch. I'm glad we waited -- we were seated right away the next day, and it was quiet enough that we could enjoy the food and conversation! (It's just a hangup of mine -- I struggle to be heard in loud restaurants, and don't really enjoy shouting across the table, especially when my mouth is full of refried beans. I don't think the person sitting across the table from me enjoys it, either!)I ordered the Flying Saucer which reminded me of a tostada all dressed up and tricked out -- it was delicious. I highly recommend it, although if you're hungry you'll probably want to order an appetizer or side. I also ordered a margarita with some magical combination of liqueurs -- I can't remember what was in it; only that it was tasty enough that my wife and I each had two! The dining area was extensively decorated for Christmas, and the service was prompt and professional, so everything came together for a truly enjoyable experience. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in town!
5	This was one of my favorite meals on a recent trip to Arizona. The place was packed, but we were seated and taken care of very quickly. Our server, Joe, had a great sense of humor and patience with our table. The atmosphere was very fun, if a little loud for conversation. We had the chicken quesadilla, chile rellenos, beef chimichanga, chicken carne asada fajitas, and a few different margaritas. It was all really good! The quesadilla had chile strips which added a nice little bite to an otherwise usually tame dish. For sides, these were the best beans I've had at a Mexican restaurant. I'm used to really really bland and mushy beans and hardly ever eat them, but these were very tasty. Just a great end to our vacation.
4	I didn't pay, so i can't comment on the pricing... but the food was good.  They did mess up most of our app/drink orders, though.
3	last nites nightmare just confirms my dining out on a Saturday  is for the very patient . some friends are in town and they wanted to go here for dinner ,mind you the setting is quaint and the food is good (not killer) but good we showed up right at prime dining time ...well at least east valley dining time 630 ish and the place was packed ..we decided to go for it only because our guests were wanting to eat here ..fine i have no problem i decided to go with the flow after a hard day of working and a bitchy wife ragging in my ear . i gave the very nice young lady our name and she says ...it will be a 45 minute wait.....i NEVER wait more than 5 minutes ,45 minutes  OK I'm going with the flow as we stood there for 20 minutes i asked one of the employs if we could get some chips and salsa while we waited  ..he says   I DON'T KNOW...??? i said can you check he walked away and  then when he returned he said yes its 3 dollars ...i said is that the same chips and salsa you get for free at the table ???yes he said hmmmm never mind its not the 3 dollars its the principle. we were finally seated after some more confusion on what table we were to be seated at ,we were brought water and that FREE bowl of chips and two small ramicans of salsa  and then we sat for another 10/15 minutes before our server got to take our order ,she says look s like your ready to order ....YOU THINK! as we sat there for another 30 minutes waiting for our food i was bound and determined to get my fill of those free chips and salsa although it looked like they were starting to ration the salsa since i had to ask 3 times for more salsa. The table next to us were seated before us and we got our food first they were starting to get a little pissy ,they asked for somthing to hold them over and the wait person said the only way to get ??? was to order ???  the women said just forget it and asked for the manager .the manager came to there table and said were serving over 700 dinners tonite like it was those damn customers fault this table had not got there food and told them there was 4 tickets in front of theres but there food should be up in the next 15 minutes .....wow really maybe bring this table the bean dip or whatever it was as a justure of CUSTOMER SERVICE....CHIPS SALSA RING A BELL ... ok i cant be to harsh on them it was a zoo but i really think they need to work on there customer service a little more
3	Food was pretty average; I was disappointed versus my expectations set by other reviews.  Quite overpriced for what you get on the somewhat limited menu.  Service is friendly and good.  There are many other great mom & pop Mexican restaurants with better food and better pricing - go to those instead!
4	This is not another 'beans and rice' Mexican food place.  Sure, they have both beans and rice, but the stars of the show in my book are the pork and seafood dishes.  I think my favorite is the Nuevo Chile Relleno, which is stuffed with pulled pork and surrounded by a red pepper sauce.  I think the horchata is great, and my wife absolutely loves the pork burrito with green sauce -- double beans, no rice.I think they won the Best of Phoenix for Neighborhood Mexican Restaurant in 2011, and they do get pretty crowded just about every night.  The turnoff for the parking lot sneaks up on you, so you have to pay attention, especially at night when it is much more difficult to see.They seem to spend a lot of time decorating the place for holidays (Christmas is the biggest, but Valentine's day was pretty impressive as well), so the ambiance is nice -- but it does get loud in the main dining area.If you don't care about table service, the little building in the parking lot is a taqueria where you can just get the food and drink in an even more casual setting
5	Five stars for their extraordinary tasting tomatillo salsa, I wish they are selling them in jars! I can't get enough of those! Loved it at first try I will definitely would like to go back for that green salsa they are just insanely awesome :)
4	Super tasty grub!
5	Rancho de Tia Rosa's and Taqueria gets 5 STARS for Best Fish and Shrimp Tacos! Best Chicken Mole! Best Chimichanga! Best Tomatillo Salsa Verde! And Best Place to Take Your Out-Of-Towners!  We have been going to Tia Rosa's with our family for what seems like over 15 or more years now, starting with their original Mesa Drive and University location as well as the second East McKellips and newly opened Gilbert restaurant at Higley and Warner.I originally heard about Rosa's reading a New Time's Best of Phoenix review and first  we tried the "Plato de Chimichanga" with oven roasted and marinated for two days beef or pork.  All in all it got 5 STARS and has been my wife Karolien's favorite and staple for many years since.  This dish earns your loyalty and respect with it's tender taste!  Includes Spanish Rice and delicious smoked beans topped with sour cream, plenty of guacamole and cheese!  She also loves their Pineapple Avocado Salad and has order another Mango Salad in the past which she swears by!"Why I keep coming back time and time again?"; Rosa's gets TOP HONORS FIVE STARS as the BEST TAQUERIA in the Valley of the Sun hands down for their Beef, Chicken, Pork, or what I always order fresh Fish and Shrimp soft tacos! Their Baja Style Sauted Shrimp Tacos with pineapple salsa are what they say; "To Die For!" Juicy and tender I have never found any other contenders even on the beaches in Mexico!  I love to top the shrimp taco with Rosa's Best Green Tomatillo Salsa Award that I have yet to find.  Be aware the green is very  addictive! The fish soft taco either your choice of grilled Salmon or Halibut comes stuffed with red Cabbage and Orange Mango Salsa are my absolute favorites.  Are you kidding me!  Anyone looking for the BEST SEAFOOD, FISH OR SHRIMP TACOS IN PHOENIX YOUR LOOK IS OVER....DRIVE TO THE EAST VALLEY!  The 2 item plate comes with delicious Spanish Rice and those oooohhhh so good smoked baked beans!It even gets better as I absolutely love Tia's "Plato de Carne Asada" which I understand is a 12 spice marinated beef or pork slowly oven roasted for 10 hours, and then charbroiled over an open flame!  It comes to your table smoking hot and I love many flavors and so get the combo Beef, Pork, and Chicken!  Put it this way I am getting hungry just thinking about how good this dish is!  I forgot to mention Rosa's takes the prize for Best Chicken Mole!  Which includes six varieties of chilies, 22 spices, herbs, nuts, fruits and chocolate blended together in this classic Mexican sauce. It comes garnished with sesame seeds and served with rice and tortillas!  This sauce is king!  Delicious and never greasy!  It is a true art to have an award winning Mole! So grab the whole family and set a date for Rosa's and Rancho de Tia Rosa's in Mesa and Gilbert, call ahead on weekends to get placed on the waiting list, you will not be disappointed and any miles driven will be well rewarded!  They have earned every one of these FIVE STAR Awards as good as it gets!  Enjoy!
4	My wife and I had a very good meal at Rancho De Tia Rosa.I had the chicken fajitas which are a little different then your traditional fajitas.They do not come on a sizzling plate.The vegetables are grilled into large cubes with a nice char.The chicken was flavored nicely with a paprika tone.It also has re fried beans with Spanish rice .My wife is a vegetarian so there are not as many dishes to choose from.She had some spinach enchiladas with black beans and a corn salsa. It was very taste to her.We went on a Friday night about 5:30 pm and waited about 20 mins.This place has indoor and plenty of outdoor seating.Be prepared to wait. It will be worth the wait.
5	Salmon taco is worth dying for. Crab taco is a very close runner up.  The healthiest Mexican food on the planet.Love the salsa with the plain bean and cheese burro. This location trumps the other two!!!!
4	Ate at the Mesa location 4/3/12 based on Yelp reviews. Very festive atmosphere. I had the Carne Asada, my wife had the Pollo Asada, my son the make your own tacos. All were great, as well as the margaritas.
4	Went there tonight with my whole family to celebrate my little sisters birthday!Food was really good! I like more of the more messy mexican style food, but it was still great! Our waiter was fantastic, always topping off drinks, and it seemed like he was just happy to serve us. We had brought a cake for my sister, but he also brought out a delicious free dessert. It's a beautiful restaurant. Colorful, festive, lots of cool art. The outside seating area is amazing. Flowers and plants everywhere, and a pretty fountain. There's a garden as you walk up to the door and the fresh flower aroma is so relaxing. Was pretty slow, but it was late on a Wednesday night; would be a great time to stop in to avoid a rush. Heard its crazy busy on weekends. I don't live on this side of town, but if I happen to be over here, I would definitely stop in again!
5	The best margaritas we've had in ages!  Would suggest this place to anyone!
1	Eating at rosa's as i write this. Waited a few minutes for my turn at the hostess stand. Lady in front of me said, 'table for 2'. Hostess said she was only seating full parties, not partial parties! What a crock. Dining room was not even half full. Hostess asked me how many in my party and i said only one and got a seat right away. Once seated, i told server that i was,a party of two and needed another place setting. Four stars for food, four stars for wait staff and zero stars for a hostess thats got no common sense.
4	This place has a really cool atmosphere.  The food is good but the margaritas are a little uninspired.  Be prepared if you're trying to go on a Saturday evening - the restaurant (and the parking lot) fill up quickly.  Although the food is average and the margaritas only passable, it is still a great place to go for the charming decor of the place and the friendly staff.
2	The red salsa and chips were good, the green salsa was way too sweet for my taste.  I ordered the seafood tacos and it came with rice OR beans, not both which I thought was odd.  I ordered the beans, which were quite tasty.  Regarding the seafood tacos, the shrimp themselves were good, nice a large, but overall the shrimp taco was quite sweet with the pinapple salsa that was on it.  The fish tacos were just okay.  Overall I think this restaurant is very Disney-esque with its theme and caters to the local crowd (bland) and is not very authentic.  I will stick to Los Dos Molinos or Blue Adobe.
2	Lately my dad has been on a Tia Rosa's kick.  And when my dad gets on a restaurant kick, he likes to eat at that restaurant over, and over, and over.  And sometimes I get invited and come along.After eating here a few times, I decided that it is simply just not deserving of the hype and traffic it gets.  The food is bland.  The salsa they give you is bland...even the "hot" one.  The quesadillas I got are bland.  The rice and beans?  You guessed it, bland.They're definitely catering to the North Mesa crowd, whose Mormon pioneer ancestors apparently couldn't fit any spice in their wagons when they crossed the plains.And would it kill you guys to put some cinnamon in the horchata?  Seriously...Just go to their tacqueria across the parking lot and order the crab tacos with a Mexican Coke or Senorial Sangria... Much better option.
1	Could not agree more with the reviewer who called the food bland. Best description I can come up with as well. Taco Bell or Del Taco have more flavor. Whether salsa or an entree it seems the cooks don't have any spices in the kitchen. Shame. Great ambience but even the drinks are weak and watery.  Wonder if Chef Ramsey is interested in visiting Mesa...
4	We live right down the street from Tia Rosa, and so we stopped in for lunch. The chips are not the best I have ever had, but the salsa is amazing! It is spicy and fresh. I ordered the Spinach Enchiladas and they were delicious. It is pricy for Mexican food. I think my enchiladas were $14. All in all, I would eat there all the time if someone else was paying.
5	We met friends for dinner last Saturday and had a wonderful time! The food was awesome.  The service was excellent.  This was about the 6th time eating there. We have not been disappointed yet. Love it!
5	This is my favorite restaurant.  Their chicken mole is SO GOOD.  The papa con carne, chili relleno, and fish tacos are amazing as well.  NOTE:  The Taqueria's are not as good as this, the original restaurant.  The quality of the food is not even close.  I recently moved to another state, but whenever I come to town to visit family, they know that a trip to Tia Rosa will happen.  I have to get my chicken mole fix :)  And I love the atmosphere of the restaurant, and during the winter we always eat ourside, especially at Christmas when it's decorated.  Try this place atleast once.  Don't get the usual chimichanga or tacos, try one of their specialty dishes and you'll enjoy your visit so much more.  ENJOY!!
3	Decent, over priced. Service constant but hurried. Not sure what part of Mexico these people are from , but food needed some tweeks.
5	Saw it in the republic and decided to stop. My wife was not hungry but I had eaten hours before her. We got prompt service and soon had mexican beer on tap. My Modelo was the best. Chips and two salsas came soon and they were not hot so most people can eat them the chips were fresh and crisp. I ordered the Burrito with shredded beef and red sauce. It came with rice and beans. The beans contained a bit of bacon and were delicious. The Burrito was one of the best I have had. The beef was smoked or grilled and had the best tasting char to it. We will go back.
5	I like to find my Mesa just so that I have an excuse to eat at Tia Rosa's, especially during the Halloween season! This festive restaurant goes all out for the Halloween seasons and is decorated head to toe with festiveness! We visited on Friday night and thought that there would be a wait due to the number of cars in the parking lot, but because it's such a big restaurant, we were seated right away! I enjoy sitting on one of their patios (especially the back patio) because they are charming and intimate. They have a long list of margaritas but I especially like their pineapple one because it comes with a slice of pineapple! Their stuffed quesadillas aren't your average cheese stuffed tortilla and instead are oozing with yummy ingredients.
4	Delicious i need not say more try it
5	I love the shrimp mazatlan, fish tacos and the green salsa and chips.  My wife really likes the chimichangas.
5	Fantastic food and atmosphere.  There is a reason this place is always crowded.  Their seafood dishes are my favorite.  Grilled salmon enchiladas is as good a dish as I have had anyhere in the country.  One small thing....I do wish they had salt shakers on the tables, have to request each time.
4	The absolute best chile rellano I have ever eaten.  This had cheese, pine nuts, and a great sauce.  I had to ask for a spoon so as to get all the great sauce. Food is a 5+ star rating.    Wife had a mango, chicken, and avocado salad.  Ambiance, waitstaff, and prices are 4 star.  Our booth was in the center courtyard, which is actually inside but looks like a charming outdoor plaza in Mexico.  A great place to enjoy a leisurely meal.We love Tia Rosa and go here every time we visit the Phoenix area.  It is a must placeUPDATE: October 2013  We tried the little takeout place in front of the parking lot.  It was probably the best takeout Mexican I have ever had.  The takeout it probably 5 star by itself.  My only complaint is that they do not feature the chile rellano here.  Darn!
5	So I have never been to Arizona before, and on my second night there, we had dinner at Tia Rosa. It's a charming restaurant with really quaint decor; they had their Christmas decorations up which added to the cozy atmosphere. The place was bustling even though it was a weekday so I assume hat it gets busy oftenI had ancho peach glazed chicken. The chicken was very tender and the sauce was delicious! The side of corn was also really tasty. I am currently trying to recreate this dish at home because it's sooo good and I am a gazillion miles away /sigh. If you don't know what to get, try this!The boyfriend had the chicken mole, which was also really good and his regular dish whenever he is in town visiting his folks. Add horchata and you'll be good to go.
2	I hate to be a jerk, but I am not a fan. When I think Mexican food I envision spicy food that makes my nose run and bold flavors that dance along my tongue...unfortunately my dreams were crushed at Tia Rosa. So, with that said. If you have super bland taste (which there is nothing wrong with that), or love sweet sugary syrup on your tacos, then this is the place for you. If not, stay away.
5	My favorite Mexican Food here!  Love the smokey flavors!  Great food, great service, wonderful bar, clean all the way.  The ambiance is unquestionably great.
2	We love the food here, the atmosphere is great and the wait staff is attentive and good at what they do. However, I had my husband's surprise birthday party there a few weeks ago and I was a little disappointed in what I got vs. what I was told. I made the reservations about 3 weeks in advance for about 20 people and asked if I could order appetizers and pitchers of margaritas instead of doing a sit-down dinner type party. The girl who took the reservation said that was fine and that I could order from the "happy hour menu" for the appetizers. I thought that was great and made the reservation. I called back about a week later to ask about the happy hour menu items and was transferred to Ryan, one of the managers. He gave me the break down of the happy hour menu, and I again confirmed with him that the reservation was in place and I could order from the happy hour menu. He said yes everything was in order and I could order from the happy hour menu. Again, 3 days before the big day, I was contacted by Ryan to confirm the reservation, I asked again about the happy hour menu and even asked about putting in the order ahead of time. He said I could just give my order to our server when we arrived. So I wrote down everything I wanted to order, even writing on the paper at the top "FROM THE HAPPY HOUR MENU" and wrote down how many of each item I wanted to order and gave it directly to the owner of the restaurant, not our server.  Everything went fine, the food was great, service was great......then the bill came! Holy Crap! It was about $120.00 more than what it should have been. When I asked our server about it, he checked with Ryan who said that he thought I had been told by the owner that it would be ok to order from the happy hour menu, but that she told him to ring up everything at the regular menu price! When I asked to speak with her, I was told she had just left for the evening. Really? If she had a problem with me ordering from the happy hour menu why didn't she say something about it when I handed her the paper and she was looking it over?  I have to say that Ryan did adjust the ticket somewhat by giving me a 10% discount, but all I wanted was for them to stand behind what they repeatedly promised me. Don't know that I will be going back there again. They really should stand by their word. Major disappointment!
4	I was promised great Mexican food here. What I got was very, very good Mexican food. Still...I'll take it!We had reservations for our big group (15 people) at approximately 7:30, but weren't seated until closer to 8. That's a bummer, but oh well. As a result, we ran past their closing time which I felt bad about, though we did not do so on purpose and did not linger. The first thing that hit me was somewhat negative - it's cramped. Really cramped. Many tables need to rely on other tables having their chairs pushed in enough, and having worked out that day and had very little to eat in order to fit. Even within tables, they seem to pack them in, elbow to elbow. The smaller the group, the better. It all goes up from there. Margaritas were delicious and strong enough without being lethal. Service was fantastic throughout - timely refills, friendly service, and a willingness to run 15 separate transactions. Funny thing though - it wasn't the final amoutn split 15 times, but rather each and every menu item on the bill split 15 times (since we said it was okay to just do an even split). Nothing wrong, it was just kind of funny to see "1/15 Margarita. 1/15 Chicken Mole. 1/15 Cheese Quesadilla". FYI, 1/15th of a Sprite is very, very little money. Now on to the food. I only had my one dish, but it was very excellent. Chicken Mole with tons of tender chicken chunks and a rich but not overpowering mole sauce. All of the spices seemed to be in proper balance. The rice was good, but I wish there was a bit more of it. I am not a mole expert, but one person at our table got it as well and, as someone who has it frequently, she said it was some of the better mole. Everyone else seemed very happy with their selections, be they salads, tacos, whatever.
5	If you are in Mesa, Arizona (first, slow down, they have those &*^%^& cameras that take your picture as you speed through town) and you are in the mood for Mexican, this is the place to go.  I had the chicken Mole and it was wonderful.   It was think and full of flavor.  The chips/salsa was great too.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.   The margaritas were good too.   I highly recommend this place.   Just avoid the speed traps on the way to it.   Personally, I try to avoid Arizona altogether.   However, when I cannot, and I'm around Mesa, I love this place.
4	#3 Tia Rosa's has fresh hand made tortillas and an amazing atmosphere.. Feels like you pulled up to a fancy joint south of the border. You can tell that the owners spent some money putting this place together..The food is outstanding here and there are some very creative dishes..  If you are looking for a Mexican joint that will impress your business friends, then Tia's is the Mexican palace-restaurant that I would recommend..  Unfortunately the palace is a little too pricey and the service is not worth writing about..  That is why poor Tia is #3 on my list
4	We've been going to this place for years.  Very tasty drinks and food.  And the atmosphere is really great with the decor and exterior patios.  Decorator details will have you looking at every inch of the place.  Once the food arrives you won't be disappointed.  Stuffed quesidillas are always a hit and my husband never deviates from the carne asada.  Downside is that it is always busy so you always have to wait.  But worst part is once seated it is really loud.  You're really packed in so hard to carry on a conversation if you're with a larger party.  Try for patio seating if the weather permits.
3	.Great service and atmosphere but the food was just okay.  All of our meat had a smoky taste but otherwise not a lot of flavor.  We were disappointed because we really wanted to like the place.
2	Don't think I'd come back- food was okay- very little spice. Service was poor.  Charged extra for black beans even though it was an option on the menu.  Took margaritas away before we were done.  Not sure what folks see in this place....I can get much better Mexican food in Chicago.  It gets two stars because the margaritas were good.
2	My husband and I had eaten here once before with our family about a year ago. My husband said he really wanted to eat here again. Even though I did not really care for the food last time I said okay. We sat in the main dining area which is very pretty. It has a fountain and there is a lot to look at. We order two appetizers to share. We ordered a cheese crisp and a sampler appetizer. The sampler appetizer was pretty bad. They give you a fried bean burrito which has way too much cheese, a nasty meatless tamale which tasted like dirt, a tostada which hardly had any beans, and these little taquitos which were the highlight of the meal. I will not ever come back here. By the way, my husband was disappointed with the food as well. I gave it two stars because of the decor and our waitress was nice.
3	It's out of the ordinary Mexican food, but darn tasty!  Service seemed a bit rushed when there wasn't much of a crowd.  It's not a place I would drive out of my way for, but if I'm in the area and craving gourmet Mexican, it's solid!
4	This ranch style restaurant is beautiful with flowering plants and potted shrubs all around giving one the feeling that you are going over to a very wealthy friends oversized house for a festive occasion. Once inside the atmosphere is very much the same and quite pleasing. You could easily just walk about and look at all the cool decorations sprinkled throughout the restaurant or hanging on the walls. The back patio is where we chose to sit and was very cozy with the sound of a romantic water feature in the background. Nice.Free chips and both red and green salsas were brought to the table as soon as we were seated. The chips were pleasantly fresh and tasty as well as the salsas. We shared an Adobo Shrimp Cocktail served in a fancy glass with a layer of cocktail sauce on top of a pleasant mixture of greens. I ordered the Seafood Tacos which came with a Shrimp Taco with a delicious Pineapple Salsa and a Grilled Salmon Taco with an Orange Mango Salsa. It also came with a side of your choice. My friend ordered a really large Chicken Salad with Mango and all sorts of other fresh goodies on top. It was so big she took half of it home for later.Service was both friendly and prompt. If the weather permits choose the outdoor back patio vs the inside main section for the extra ambience or you can visit their smaller Taqueria restaurant next door when in a hurry or wish to get some great takeout. Enjoy!
5	There are very little Mexican restaurants in Hawaii, so I really didnt have much experience in the way of Mexican cuisine other than tacos and such.  Anyway, got recommended this restaurant by family, and it was great.  The ambiance is clearly not some people's forte, but to me, it was casual, fun and just plain worked.  We had a party of 11, so we expected a longer wait than normal, but truly, the wait wasnt that bad, maybe 30min.  And as a walk-in at 6pm on a friday, thats pretty good to me.  The food (carne asada) was great.  Flavor, appearance and aroma was just excellent.  My uncle swears by the shrimp tacos though.  The chips were just heavenly, we all almost filled up on chips and salsa before the food got to us.Their Customer service is not really much to brag about, but its not bad, so I dont mind.  The seem to try to do their best with the amount of customers and noise that they have.
5	What a cool authentic setting that greets you upon walking into the outdoor patio filled with over 100 plants.Lots of open beam wood work gives it a rustic but classy setting.We had a group of about 15 and the service was very good.  My food was great and as far as I know everyone in our group had a great meal
1	Actual conversation:Waitress: "And for you, what will you have?"My daughter: "The nachos."Waitress: "What kind of meat?"Me (I'm the mom): "No, she just wants the nachos off the appetizer section."Waitress: "It comes with it.  Beef, chicken, carne." daughter gives a happy look because it didn't say that on the menuDaughter: "I'll have the chicken please"Menu price $7.99Billed $10.99 because it does not, in fact, "come with it."  So, aside from that round of utter bullsh*t, we already were not pleased with this place. It was crowded. The tables were all kind of close together.  Not uncommon, and probably wouldn't ordinarily make me take away stars - but this is a Mormon establishment and when you have a table a foot away from you with children of any age you have to be extra careful what you say... and you want to be relaxed at dinner and not feel like you're going to hell because you said a random curse word, godda*n it!  (See what I mean?  If you're reading this and you are LDS you already feel uncomfortable...)Onto the food.  Oh my gosh!  How are there so many good reviews on this places food? Do the Mormons really think this is good or are they supporting this place because it is Mormon owned??  Please, by all means, judge for yourself... but it's neither authentic nor run-of-the-mill.  It's just not good.  I also ordered nachos, vegetarian style, and they tasted smokey.  I don't want smoke in my nachos!  Who wants smoke in their traditional nachos?  Every person in my group reported their meal was ever so slightly smokey.  The salsas were weird, and not in a good way.  I cannot put my finger on it.     Clearly, not going back.  Especially after blatant nacho fraud.
4	The taqueria is the place to go. It's fast and pretty good. I'm a HUGE fan of the veggie burrito and chipotle potatoes. Both are to die for! That being said, the rest of the menu is good, but nothing spectacular. The service is hit or miss, but the veggie burro is completely worth it.
5	We have been wanting to come here again for such a long time now.It is one of my girlfriends best loved Mexican Food places. But, we never find ourselves out in this part of town too much.We came in for an early dinner. about 4 :15.We were greeted and seated in a great booth right away.Chips and salsa are delish here no doubt.  The green and the red sause are amazing.It is decorated very nicely.  Drinks were good. Teresa was given fresh coffe,(her absolute favorite with Mexican food.She got the Crab enchiladas and I got the chicken enchiladas. AWESOME!Good thing this is not too close to us,we would gain far too much.lots of parking and nice clean restrooms as well.Too bad it is so hot outside, because the patios are beautiful!
5	I was so impressed by this restaurant! The whole package. The food, the Staff, and the atmosphere. I went here on my birthday with 3 other people. We all got different dishes(Tortilla soup, Enchiladas, Tacos, Chimichangas). We were all able to taste all the different dishes and everything was perfect! It tasted home cooked, not frozen. Absolutely delicious!For dessert we got the Fried Ice Cream, and the Sopapillas. OMG. I was in absolute heaven.I definitely recommend you give that charming little place a try, you won't be sorry.  Come hungry!
5	Love the shrimp tacos here!!!
3	We ate here because so many people had told us that it was amazing. My meal (the honey glazed shrimp) was great. The atmosphere is fun with all of the bright colors. The salsa was much too sweet for my liking, our app (the bean/cheese dip) did not have any of the 'kick' it claimed on the menu - and was just downright bland. My husband liked his burro, but it was filled with the same bean mixture that we had had as an app, so he was pretty much done with the bean thing. Overall it was an ok experience, but seeing as it is a Mexican place, and there was no spice in any of our food, even the salsa, I have to say I was disappointed. Especially after all of the rave reviews. To each their own I suppose.
4	The restaurant is beautiful it is decorated from floor to ceiling with beautiful Mexican art. The customer service is very good and the food was good.
3	The location is nice and decent atmosphere. Great place to do the people watching thing, ha! The food is o.k., not great and not bad!! It gets pretty crowded on Friday or saturday night. They have a convenient window to do your take-out orders in the other building.
1	Delightful atmosphere that is full of color and wonderful design. Mariachis were playing tableside which made the atmosphere fun! You immediately think good food is ahead....The food....not so great. The food was very bland. The chips did not seem homemade. The menu suggests wonderful flavors in their food, but there actually  wasn't any pizazz or flavor to anything we had. Don't pay extra to try any of the salsas....bleh.The service was horrible. The waiter did not know the menu nor could he make recommendations as to what the best food was on the menu. I flat out asked him what was most popular and he pointed out a salad. He didn't understand us when we asked questions and he did get some of our order wrong. I am really shocked how packed it was considering the flavors weren't good. We had tacos, quesadillas, beans/rice and tried various salsas. If you like authentic Mexican Food native to Arizona, this isn't the place for you. The food was overpriced and the drinks seemed reasonably priced. I will not go back to this place.
5	I'm an Arizona native and had never heard of Tia Rosa before I moved to Mesa.  Now that I have been to Tia Rose I find it difficult to gear up for any sit-down Mexican that isn't Tia Rosa.  I've traveled the West Coast, East Coast, Mexico, Europe, and Spain (I've also had lunch in Morocco once) and Tia Rose is quite possibly the most beautiful restaurant I have ever dinned in.  Tia Rose is tied with Damiana in San Jose del Cabo.  I love sitting in the back patio underneath the large tree.  The salsa verde is utterly fantastic and the grilled mixed vegetables side is a can't miss as well.  My wife loves the sweet corn tamale.
2	Sooo much self loathing going on after eating here. Thank god for sweatpants and Tums.  This place is super gimmicky and the food was not good.  I couldn't believe the amount of people packed in here for subpar Mexican.  The portions are huge, which I guess is a plus for some... But I'd much rather have quality over quantity.
5	Holy cow Yum! I wish we had a place like this in Portland, Or. The salsa outstanding! I started with the Pineapple Margarita and my mom had the Pina Coloda. They were excellent. I had the chicken mole enchiladas, and they were the perfect balance between, chocolate and spices. These are a must try. If I ever visit Mesa again, I will be all over this place. :)
4	Their tacos are one of a kind. the green salsa is my favorite. I recommend the shrimp tacos but pick one and you will want to come back for more.
4	The back patio is lovely in the Fall/Winter...my favorite is the mole!
2	My family likes to meet here.  I've yet to have a meal I really even liked here.  The service was fine but I just don't ever really leave satisfied.
2	Wife n I thought we give Tia Rosas another try a year of staying away. However experience was same as before food bland gluten free Mexican is unnatural and tastes like baby food beer was cold food was lukewarm I had the ribeye it was tasty oh well it's obvious this restaurant caters to mid America so for me it's no mas'
5	Portions are HUGE and the food is great and service is friendly. The atmosphere is really cool as well. Went today for lunch and that was 3 hours ago and I am still full! They probably get really busy during the weekends and nights just by judging from the lunch rush but they handled it really well. Go check em out and try the Beef chimichanga.
5	The food at Rancho de Tia Rosas is phenomenal, the flavors in their meat (beef, chicken and pork) have remarkable depth. It is hard to name a favorite entree since every menu item I have tried is so good but to name a few, the enchiladas with green sauce (out of this world!), shrimp tacos, and carne asada plate are all a must try. And you must stop in for Happy Hour if you can, excellent specials! The restaurant is not only decorated to perfection but also very clean and tidy.  Always great service, and servers are knowledgable in gluten free menu items.  I would thoroughly recommend Rancho De Tia Rosa to anyone who likes mexican food and a great atmosphere!
5	My wife and I are life-long Arizonans and Mexican food has always been our first choice in dining out.  We have a long familiarity with Dennis and Liz Sirrine's great cooking dating back to their first establishment which they sold in 1999.  The food has always been exceptionally good.  There are several really wonderful places in the East Valley where you can find great menus and people who really know how to cook Mexican-style cuisine.  We rate the Sirrine's Tia Rosa at the very top of the list.Over the years, the hallmark of this business establishment has always been a dedication to both excellence and improvements.  Well, when your food is so good that you can no longer do anything to improve it what do you do?Improve service!  Tonight, my wife and I again went to this wonderful restaurant.  Despite our long familiarity, we were not really prepared for the truly five-star quality service we received.  (Note: I originally wrote this review nearly a year ago and forgot to post it until now, but we've been back since then and Tia Rosa's remains one of our favorite places.)Our waiter, a really friendly young man named Chris and a team of other young serving people constantly visited our table (in the beautifully decorated outside atrium area) offering more water, more chips & salsa, asking if they could get us anything, etc.  It was unrelenting but not intrusive.  Each person was cordial, deferential and, pleasant.  Chris was an outstanding waiter.Service has always been good at the Sirrine's restaurants but, our experience tonight was worthy of being compared with service anywhere in the world!  It just doesn't get any better.The food?  Why bother writing about just service if the food isn't any good.  Although I've never had anything there I didn't like, one of my favorites is the Peach-glazed Ancho Chicken.  I've never been disappointed with it.  Another is the "Flying Platter."  My only wish is that they'd trend a bit more towards New Mexican style using the deliciously firery chilie peppers from Hatch,   Trust me, we'll be back!So, is everything there perfect?  Of course not, but I can live with it. The only flaw that I can point to is the noise levels in the place.  The many hard surfaces reflect the noise and noise is additive . . . many people talking raise the volume of ambient noise to awesome levels . . . not good!  When the weather is good, ALWAYS ask to be seated in the atrium, which is a terrific dining setting.Richard JMesa, AZ
5	This place is so good! Happy hour prices are amazing. It's hard to decide what to order because everything is so delicious and fresh. The service here is outstanding!
1	I grew up in Mesa but never heard of this place until last year. My husband and I had lunch there. What a disappointment that was. We were seated and waited for 15 minutes, still no server. I called over another server from across the room and asked who our server was. He pointed over to a young girl who was standing up against the wall talking, giggling and flirting with a male server. She had been over there the whole time and I didn't realize she was our server. Well things changed pretty quickly when I walked over to her and asked if we could get served because our lunch time was running out and we had already been there waiting for 15 minutes. No apology, just a little snicker and smile at the guy she had been talking too. After this experience, I didn't want to ever go back there. Well, this past weekend, we were in the area for business and my husband talked me into giving it another try. Another big disappointment! It was crowded but we were able to be seated after a 15 minute wait. The problem began with that. The hostess took us the wrong way and when she turned around to go the right way, five different servers got in the way and blocked me from following my husband and the hostess. One male server was even rude and made a nasty comment to me as I tried to make my way past them. One of the female servers giggled at his comment and shoved me into the wall. I lost sight of where my husband and the hostess went. I was so frustrated that I went back to the front of the resturant and just sat down to wait for the hostess to come back. She totally ignored me when she came back up to the station. I sat there for 10 minutes, texting my husband and then finally called him. It was so noisy he couldn't hear his phone at first. He finally came up and got me and took me back to our table. The person who brings chips and salsa and the male server who took our order were the best things about this place. They were both hispanic and a little older. The rest of the staff here look like a bunch of high school kids and they act like it as well. Very rude! Now on to the food- very bland, no flavor. My stuffed quesedilla had no flavor to it what so ever. Taco Bell serv es more flavorful stuff than this place. As my husband was trying to eat his fajita's, the bus boy-another young kid, took his basket of tortillas. He called out to the guy to bring them back and was just ignored. He had to wait for 10 minutes to hail our server and get more tortillas to finish his meal. The best thing about our meal was the beer and the strawberry marguerita. I can honestly say this place is a major disappointment and they are truly lucky that I am retired from broadcasting because I would certainly share my views on the airwaves. They should understand the first rule of any business, treat the customer with respect and don't be rude. Learn some manners. As we walked into the parking lot, we were discussing what just happened and we were overheard by someone apparently in management as she was unloading her car. She followed us and stopped us. She mentioned what she overheard and asked us for more information. We shared our experiences for both times we came here. She then said that they just had a staff meeting a week prior to discuss those very issues. REALLY????? Wow! Apparently the staff didn't listen and they obviously don't care about their reputation or how to treat people. After hearing this, I definitely know that I will never recommend this place to anyone nor will I ever step foot in there again. A real shame.
4	One of our favorite Mexican restaurants. Large selection on the menu. Corn side is yummy. I don't give it 5 stars because it's a little pricey and they charge for chips and salsa in the bar area, even when ordering a meal.
5	Chicken enchiladas!!
5	Love this place! The food is amazing and the service to match it. I have gone with just my wife and with big parties and got the same service. Recommend this place to any and everyone!
5	This is one of my go to favorite Mexican food places.  The salsa verde and chips are delicious.  Ever since I was younger I've always gotten their bean and cheese burrito and still to this day I still get that.  Great customer service as well!
4	First went to Tia Rosa 6 years ago when came to AZ for the first time.  The food is still incredible there and the courtyard is quaint and cozy if you are able to get seated there.  The servers over the past couple years have changed and aren't as friendly as in the past - more so seem to be rushed with little interaction or interest.  Still great food and Margs
4	Visited Rancho Tia rosa last night... Couldn't have asked for better South west Mexican! Started with Margaritas and afterwards, a bowl of black bean soup. Mmmm... Entree was the glazed shrimp quesadilla, again, exactly as advertised and very tasty. My wife enjoyed soft tacos and had to bring one home due to the size. We'll be back, soon.
4	This is a great place to have a "revolving door" because you will want to come back over, over, over.The atmosphere itself is something to visit. Very unique from the corner of the room to the outdoor seating area... its candy for the eyes!Very unquie and familiar menu items. I was most interested in the mashed-like potatoe side with entree meals. I had not had that experience at previous Mexican eaterys state side or in Mexico. Very good.  I also love love love the squash soup. Very flavourful and smells wonderful with clove spices =DOverall, great atmosphere, great food and unique dishes! The only down is service is lacking. Body language is not enough to alert staff for assistance.
3	Not much by CA standards. Asked for a very common dish and they don't even make it, yikes!!
1	Let me first say, this is nothing like the original Rosa's down on University and Mesa Drive.  I loved that place when I was in high school and I have always had high hopes for the owners when they sold that place (last time I was there it had gone downhill) and spent a few years building the Tia Rosa's compound.  Everybody raves about this place, but I've been here half a dozen times since it opened a few years ago and always come away with a bad taste in my mouth.  I wait a few months or a year, and somebody tells me I should really give them another try, but I always have the same issues.Reviewing this place is a six-part affair.  First, there is both the restaurant and the taco shop (separate building), and then the decor, the food, and the service of each.  Oh, and I'll throw in the parking, which is a nightmare if you're going for dinner at either place.  A) The Restaurant1. Decor - one of the best things about this place is that they spent tons of time making it look like a plaza right out of old Mexico, except brand new-ish.  There was music playing overhead, loudly in the entrance, not so much in the restaurant.2. Food - I will say that it tasted fresh.  The chicken in my chimichanga tasted like it was from a rotisserie or a roaster, which was nice.  But nothing tastes Mexican.  It tastes like my grandma from Ohio put a lot of love into making a Mexican meal in her very Caucasian kitchen in Pataskala.  Even the salsa verde that came with the chips and normal-ish salsa tasted like it was made with apricot jam or blended with kiwi; it was that sweet.  I am told they grow many of their vegetables on-site; too bad they don't use spices.  The refried beans don't taste like anything other than pinto beans in water.  There are some little flecks of something they add to the sour cream if you ask for a side order, but it tastes the same as the stuff I buy at the grocery store, so it might as well be dirt in there.3. Service - to call the hostesses at the tiki booth in front snotty is to compliment them.  Most times, we've just been ignored.  Once, we waited so long to be addressed that I got mad and dragged our whole party out.  When we do get noticed, we get attitude.  Tons of attitude.  I'm attaching a picture of the RULES on the board you are made to read before approaching the hostesses.  Notice there are three exclamation points on this one board!  That means you!  We have rules!  This and the miniature board three feet away at the entrance to the bar, also requiring you to "ask!" to be seated in the bar are where the hostesses get their power from.  I believe if you came in with a damp sponge and wiped off all the chalk from the boards, they would fall lifeless to the floor.  The wait-staff is generally friendly, but they never introduce themselves or do anything that goes above and beyond.  If you go for lunch, and are interested in the $5.99 lunch specials advertised on the sandwich board out by the street, they'll have to find you the little card that basically gives you the choice of a taco, three tacitos, or a burrito.  Hardly worth it.B) The Taco Shop1. Decor - Yeah, yeah, old Mexico, we get it.  This place is generally in sub-par condition with sticky tables and uncleared tables because all the staff stays behind the counter all the time (more on that later).  Again, there is music playing overhead.2. Food - It's cheaper than the restaurant, I guess, so that's why it's a taco shop??  But, again, it tastes bland.  I mean more bland than Serrano's, and that's saying something.  Oh and there's no hot sauce to add anywhere.  Everything is pretty much a la carte.  The specials are special because they're tiny and very basic.  You can stop in here to eat cheaply and have a beer, but why stay when the only flavor you'll get is by taking it home to add some.3. Service - The kids at the front counter are generally courteous in a minimal way.  They tend to have little idea what they are actually selling, as questions about what's on the menu, the specials, or in the food go over their heads.  There is usually a barker who calls out your order number and then leaves a giant tray with a few plates on it a the counter.  You must stand by or someone else will take your food because there is nobody there by the time you reach the tray.  I'm unclear as to whether I was expected to take the tray to my table, balance each of the individual item plates on my arms and head back to the table, or have everyone in my party grab their own food.  When done, I believe you're supposed to clear your own table, because there's the Ikea cafeteria-like receptacle near the garbage and some dirty dishes on table #6 that have been there since 2011.So I've obviously got some opinions about this place.  "Why, oh why do you keep going back?" you might be asking.  People from all over town tell me how great the place is, and I honestly want it to be. At this point, I think I'm done.
5	Fabulous facility! Whatever I've gotten here it is delicious! Everyone from the area has traditions of coming here for good reason!
1	My family enjoyed this place over the years, and my son loves to go and grab a bite when we're back in Arizona.  The food has gone downhill lately, though, so we're going to some of the newer spots for Mexican these days.  Also, unfortunately, the owner is so rude we won't be going back.  He yelled at my son like an angry father.  He was so ballistic that it seemed like a candid camera joke.  The owner has real anger management issues.  Unfortunately, my son was really caught off guard by the anger in the owner's voice.  He doesn't really have any adults like that in his life.
4	Really good food is the only thing that was on my mind when leaving the Rancho. Ordered the Tia's Plato with chicken. The chicken was amazing. It was so tender and well flavored. The refried beans had a smokey flavor I will be craving long after my visit. The place was packed but the service did not drop off.
1	Ate here this past Saturday 1/25/14. At 2pm. As always, I ordered the Carne Asada, with pork, beef and chicken. Shared it with my Daughter and even had enough to take home to my other daughter.    Nine hours later all three if us were throwing up like mad!!!!!! It was aweful!!!! It had to be this dish as it is the only thing the three of us had eaten that day. Before we had all gotten sick that night, the leftovers had been put into the fridge earlier that day, So, unbenounced  to me, on Sunday night, my son ate the rest of it. I had no idea, UNTIL 3 am on Monday morning, he was hacking all over his bedroom!!!! I asked him what he ate, and he said the left over Tia Rosa!!!! OH Lordy! I had forgotten it was in the fridge!!! So, just wondering if anyone else got sick from eating Tia Rosa Carne Asada eaten on or around Saturday, Jan. 25.  I have never had a bad experience at Tia Rosa and we eat there often, but I am going to call and ask for a refund! I know accidents happen, but I am not going to pay for improperly prepared food that made me SICK AS A JUNKYARD DOG!
4	Always good, and close to home.
2	The building is cool, the food value is pretty good, but food flavor has diminished a lot.  The salsas were sweet (why sweet?), and the meats were bland.  Bummer.  Better Mexican food is pretty commonly available.
2	I don't understand how this restaurant is so busy and so highly rated on Yelp.Positives: The restaurant, decor, and atmosphere is gorgeous! The wait staff was friendly, and I feel they did a decent job serving considering how busy the restaurant was. Those are the reasons I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of one.Room for Improvement: The food was SOOO far from authentic Mexican it was shocking considering we live so close to the border. The food my husband and I received was the type of Mexican you'd expect in a random east coast town that had no clue; what is sometimes referred to as "White Mexican."The carne asada was bland and greasy and resembled more of a pot roast. The rice was bland and downright soupy it was sitting in so much liquid.  The refried beans had a barbeque, smokey flavor to them that was more reminiscent of baked beans than refried beans which was odd to me. The salsa had an overwhelming barbeque flavor to it as well, and hardly any spice to it. You also won't find your traditional "combo plates" on the menu. While they have their own "unique" version of combo plates, you will not find hard shell beef tacos with rice and beans on the menu. Bottom Line: Although this restaurant tries to create a unique perspective on Mexican, they miss the mark when it comes to flavor and quality. It's not a good sign when practically the only people eating in your "Mexican" restaurant are of the Caucasian persuasion. I'll stick with Baja Joes and even Serranos a block down.
2	I've been here 3 times with the in-laws and it really is not very good, not bad mind you but not what i want from mexican food. I would call this more mexicali food with a lot more Cali than Mexi. Good for those that don't like much spice or real Mexican food. There is always a wait on weekends.
5	This is a wonderful place, great food and atmosphere.  We had great service too, and the best Mojito in town!
4	This place is closed due to a fire. They should post that and when they plan on reopen ing
4	I just came back from a trip to Mexico. So if you can believe it ,I was craving Mexican food. One of the best places I have been for Mexican is Rancho DE Tia ROSA.Well, we got there early to beat the rush. But, sadly enough they were closed.They had a horrible Kitchen fire and will be closed for at least 6 months.Thank you Jesus no one was hurt. But, it has put them out of Business at least at this location.The Tacareia is still open. That is basically just Tacos and to go orders.It was already packed. So I was a bit ifffy If I wanted to go or not.Then the girl giving all the info said we could go to the one in Gilbert.She even gave us a coupon for a cheese crisp. So we went.I love the whole ambiance at this location. I hope that they get it all back together soon. When they are up and running again. It is a great place to visit.
5	Love this restuarant! The mango chicken salad is delicious! The ambiance is very welcoming, and most importantly, AUTHENTIC! It is not very easy to find actual authentic Mexican food, especially in the East Valley!This is most definitely my "go to" place when I want some real Mexico cusine!! :-)
5	Been to the tacqueria probably fifty times. The main restaurant is good too, but is more expensive. My favorite place to eat is the smaller tacqueria. I drive 20 miles roundtrip just to enjoy their awesome shrimp and fish tacos (get them with guacamole). Service is friendly, food is prepared fast, and it is always outstanding. The best bean and cheese burro I've had: it has a smoky flavor that knocks me out. I highly recommend this place.
5	If you choose just one Mexican restaurant in Mesa, choose this one.  It ranks as one of the best in flavor, authentic food, and decor.
5	We love this place!!!!  When out of towners come to visit it is where we go.  We have never had a meal that wasn't great.  The atmosphere is fun and great for our two kids.  I usually get the salmon and I love it, so much so that I can't get myself to try anything else.  My husband enjoys eating and like to try a different dish each time, always happy with his meal.  Our out of towners now look forward to eating there when they come to visit.  We have always had good friendly and attentative service.I highly recommend this place.
2	Not sure why this place has gotten anything more than 2 stars.  I gave 2 stars for the decor and the atmosphere.  I live by this place and this was my third visit here only because our regular Mexican place was closed, salsa cabana. I had the chicken chimi with rice and beans. It was ok, could have been better, temp of food was warm not hot.  Wife had the veggie burrito.  This was a bean burro with lettuce?  The rice and beans were bland.  This place is not for me, I like my Mexican food to taste authentic not like taco bell. Wait I would have gave taco bell 3 stars because it's fast food Mexican and I know what to expect there.  We had to buy chips and salsa, really?  Every Mexican food restaurant gives you this. For me this is why I go to get Mexican food.
5	I love this place.  I almost always get take out but the food is fantastic.  I used to live across the street from the one in Mesa so I would walk over there and pick up food at least once a month.  I've had the shrimp tacos, fish tacos, flying saucer, stuffed quesadilla, chicken mole, seafood enchilada and probably a few other things.  All of those things are fantastic but I really love their 3 meat nachos.  It isn't on the menu with all the meats but you can get it that way if you ask.  I personally love their beef but the chicken an pork are great also.  Really one of the most important parts of any mexican food place is the salsa and their salsa is awesome and different from most other places.  They even have a hot salsa that is really good that you can ask for.  Oh, and don't forget the horchata, it is incredible as well.  All in all my favorite mexican restuarant in the valley and I've lived here for 35 years.
5	Great food! Amazing prickly pear margarita!
5	Amazing food. Fresh and fun and a true focus on customer service. This authentic experience is a must for all East Valley residents.
4	Fast and delicious.  Great service   Fish tacos, bean burrito, yummy.  Guacamole could use more kick but salsa made up for it. ! Def coming back.....
1	I've been there twice, mostly due to the ambiance. After my last experience having to order from the "to go" area due to a fire in the main kitchen, I have decided to never go back. Taco Bell would have been better.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in AZ. Nice atmosphere and all the ingredients always taste fresh. Only downside is that this place gets way too crowded.
4	We haven't been for a few years since we are now in Gilbert but when we were in Mesa we'd bring guests from out of state. They enjoyed it as well as our grandchildren. We all had a great time. It was crowded but fun.
4	the food is good. great lunch spot. I get the salmon tacos there are by far my favorite.
2	I created a Yelp ID just to write this review. In the past the Taqueria has been one our favorite places for something better than fast food. Unfortunately, the level of service has been on a general decline over the past year or so, culminating in the following experience two weeks ago. (I waited a couple of weeks to post since I sent an email about my experience, but received not reply.)We called in our order. It took 20 minutes of repeated dialing to finally get through, only to be put on hold for another 5 minutes. We placed our order and were told it would be ready in 25 minutes. We arrived in exactly 25 minutes, only to stand in line for another 10 minutes. (One person on the cash register, line to the door, no express line for call ahead.) By the time we received our order, the food was cold.
5	Not sure on authentic but the shrimp taco is great, pineapple seems to be the key to its great taste
3	Great food! Prices are a little steep for the style of food. It's always hard to get in and out of. The taco shop in front makes it somewhat quicker but still gets cluttered with people for lunch.
4	love the  tacos- seafood option  i had the crab x 2 and shrimp x 1  next time i want to try salmon tacos
5	Awesome experience! My favorite Mexican resturant!!!
1	This is so far from Mexican in my opinion. I will never eat here again or recommend this place. I ordered a fish taco that was served with a sweet sauce on it.  Fish and sugar?  Really. The guacamole was runny like pureed peas. Very disappointing.
1	This is so far from Mexican in my opinion. I will never eat here again or recommend this place. I ordered a fish taco that was served with a sweet sauce on it.  Fish and sugar?  Really. The guacamole was runny like pureed peas. Very disappointing.
4	Great place to eat.  Love it, food is amazing.
5	This place is fabulous! We've only been to the location on McKellips. There isn't a bad dish. The carne asada is wonderful. Salsas are great too. There are several to choose from so be sure to ask to taste one of the others, though the default red and green salsas are really good!
1	Unfriendly staff and horrible sweet Mexican food. Ordered a green chile burrito but tasted so sweet, thought I was having dessert. Won't go back.
1	Rude employees! Read other people's reviews before you go here...the service here is horrible!  The employees taking orders are very rude and act annoyed that you're even there.   The main restaurant is actually closed.  Don't waste your time go to a different restaurant!
1	This was my favorite restaurant. Used to he eat there a lot over the years. They had a small fire from what I understand and the main restaurant has been closed for more than 6 months but they kept open the taqueria. My daughter and I recently went to the taqueria where the counter staff was rude and the food was dry and tasteless. I was not surprised when I drove by the other day and the place was now completely closed and they were moving all of the furniture out. I hate to see that beautiful restaurant closed down but really the food and service was slipping so I guess for them it was a good decision..but non the less it will be missed!
1	This is not a review, just a tip.  Restaurant is closed and fenced off, so don't waste your time driving to the Mesa location.  Yelp and the restaurant website both need to be updated to reflect this.
5	This place had the best Mexican food around! Why did they close?! It was one of the only unique and delicious restaurants near by!
1	This place burned down and the taqueria in the same parking lot was purchased by someone else. It was the worst meal of my life. Literally not one redeeming quality. Got the shrimp fajitas - completely inedible. Bad tortillas, worst overcooked/burnt shrimp, disgusting refried beans... I could go on and on. No one else's food was good either. No one should ever come here. Ever.
