4	The only reason this hidden little gem doesn't get a 5 start rating is their beer selection.  So generic my husband drank a water!  We ordered wings, half hot, half hot honey.  Not a huge difference between the flavors and not real spicy, but nicely crisped.  The blue cheese dressing tasted like a homemade dressing.  We then ordered the BBQ bacon sliders with fries.  Obviously hand pattied on a very soft, yummy bun.  The fries were perfectly crispy.Welcome to our lineup Russell's!!!  We'll be seeing you again soon.  Sooner if you get a better beer selection.
2	Went to Russell's on a Sunday evening because every place else was packed. The atmosphere is your  typical dimly lighted bar and grill with a few TVs tuned to sports. The service was good. I put a lot of stock in a restaurant's iced tea because it indicates how frequently the container is cleaned. Russell's was passable but starting to turn.The cheese fries were smothered in what I would describe as what you would expect for nachos at a stadium; you know pumped warm Velveeta, but in this case slightly off flavor. Stay away from them. My wife had a half rack of ribs and rated them 3.5 out of 5. My son's Hangover Burger was cooked to near dryness, but it was still pretty good. I had a cheese steak. Lots of meat with greasy grilled onions. Again, the meat was over cooked and it had a couple of spots of tough grizzle. The onion rings are of the kind you would buy frozen at the grocery store.I find the place a bit over priced given the mediocre quality.
2	The only reason I give this place a two is the food is what I expected which is great I guess. The service is absolutely horrible I finally got tired of waiting for beer and just went to the bar to get it to find my waitress playing games on the computer thing at the bar. Oh and by the way I was ordering buckets so she didn't have to check that often. Hate to keep saying oh but oh I ordered a bucket 3 times before she finally brought it. Sadly enough I've been here before and the service was no better
2	Alright folks- this place could've been better with service. Period.I was enjoying a few drinks outside and had the bartender(white female wavy blondish hair) persistently asking for a lighter from me and my group of friends, she displayed herself as an "attention whore" - and like I said MORE than once. Thought she was cute and we really didnt care so she was offended.  Said something under her breath toward my friends and I... It was annoying and doesnt look good for the business.  Didnt eat food here- dont know if I would really want to either, I was accompanied outside by a trash talking thug and a drunk bully. Simply didnt enjoy the people that were spending their evening here or the people working for the place. However- the drinks were on a good price!I wont be rushing back here.
5	This place is great! Great food, great great service, great staff. When I first started going here, about six months ago, they did not carry my beverage of choice. A conversation with Russell that first visit, and it was in stock in a week!David P.
1	Retracted
5	I have been to Russell's a dozen or so times, and have had a far different experience then previous . My fiance and I live in Stonehaven off Monroe, so Russell's is a stone's throw away.  I have found the service to be excellent.  My favorite is Taylor who always remembers our names. The bartenders are super friendly and always smiling ( unlike the ones at boardwalk billys who act like serving us is a chore.)  The food is completely underrated.  I consider myself a foodie and my fiance is a chef.  I think the garlic parm wings are among the best in Charlotte.  They are always crispy and flavorful.  I also enjoy the ceaser salad.  But if you order food, you have to get the Philly roll app.  It is AMAZING!  I've never had anything like it.The only thing I would change is the beer selection.  I would prefer going to Russell's on Saturday night but boardwalk billys has 2 or 3 dollar craft beers.  Also, sometimes the music is kind of lame.  Other then that,  I  believe Russell's will grow in popularity once people realize how good the food is.
2	This is barely a pub and it's not much of a grill either. The wings are only served in weird counts of ten. I don't know whether it's a dumb decision or whether they just want you to over-order. They don't come with fries or anything. The servers weren't consistent and only came to the table to take the order, deliver the food, and get the check. Not once did they fill my girlfriend's or my drink so it was a waste to order anything but water. We are in the south so there are plenty of good local sports bars, but this place is a total waste of time and money.
