4	Decent music, good vibe and strong drinks.  Everyone's nicely dressed.  This seems to be a pre-bar to a lot of Uptown nightlife.  But I think for me, this is the main event.  If I have to be downtown, which is uptown, I might as well be at The Attic.  Three bachelorette parties passed through like canaries in a coal mine in the hour I was there, proving it's even safe for hordes of trixies, but thank goodness they didn't stay for long.  The crowd is too mature for them to linger and they seemed to just get a drink and were on their merry way.
4	I loved the attic for two reasons: It's got great beers and mixed drinks, and it's mellow and happening all at the same time. My first time there I went with a group of people and we go there at about 9:30. There weren't too many people there yet and we secured a spot upstairs in the outdoor area, by the balcony overlooking the intersection of Tryon and 5th Street. By the time I finished my first beer the place had drawn a great crowd, everyone was dressed very nice and it was just enough people where you could still move around, but it had a great vibe. We had a sort of bird's eye view to the Charlotte nightlife, people watching over the balcony and seeing all of the party buses and limos drive by while enjoying great drinks and a good time. I will definitely go back!
2	I've only visited the attic on weekend nights, so I can't speak to the atmosphere on a more mellow night, but on weekends this place is slammed.You get 2 for the price of 1 at The Attic, because it connects to Madison's. And when both places get crowded, watch out. The Attic is just too small for the amount of people they let upstairs, along with them trying to have a dance floor. It can take quite a while to get a beer at the bar cause of the crowd. And on a busy night, don't even try getting outside. If you aren't there early, just forget about it all together.People really do get into it on the dancefloor, so that can be an escape from the crowdedness around it. There seems to always be a wedding party here for some reason, so expect some dressed up drunken folk dancing away.The Attic just gets too crowded for me & isn't really anything special. Just like Madison's, I'm not sure what their differentiating factor is to set them apart from other Charlotte bars, but it doesn't appeal to me if they have one.
3	The Attic is a nice place to start or end your uptown evening, and is a unique place in that it connects to its sister bar/pub, Madison's.A lot of people apparently feel the same way I do, however, because this place gets slammed on the weekends, and its not really that big!They have pretty good music, some live, some DJ/jukebox oriented.The balcony is a cool area too. Overall, the Attic is one of my favorite places to chill, as long as its not too crowded. I may have to check it out during the week.
4	We stumbled upon (not stumbled out of) the Attic Bar about a year ago and have returned a few times since.  It's a nice casual place to grab a drink when you're Uptown after going to the theatre, going to an event, or after dinner.  It's got sports bar feel to it inside, a young crowd (but not too young), and (usually) great music.  When you need a breather, you can try to step out onto the (usually crowded) balcony and people watch the cityfolk and see all the shimmering city lights.  It's upstairs off Tryon St and anything higher up is better, right?
4	My favorite part of this bar is the balcony. It's not much fun on Friday and Saturday nights, but it's great on a weeknight.In the Spring and this time of year, it's great to step out there and look down at the crowd on the street level. It's also kind of fun on Panthers game days to check out what's going on street level.It's just a fantastic location, also, with all the other pubs right around this little area. If you get bored or overwhelmed with the Attic, you can bumble along Madison's or Brick and Barrel. There's tons to do in this little corner of town, which makes it great for people watching and meeting some interesting characters.
3	With Halloween coming up this week, I felt compelled to review The Attic. The past two years, I've somehow ended up at The Attic on Halloween weekend, and I really have to recommend the balcony looking out on Tryon Street. From the balcony, you can see quite the show on Halloween. You get a great view of all the costumed crowds - from the Playboy bunnies to the Civil War soldiers - and the drunk couples arguing, etc. Most times of the year, however, The Attic isn't really my kind of place. It's overpriced, packed with your standard Uptown bar crowd, and it can sometimes take forever to get served at the bar because it's so crowded. I much prefer Madison's next door.
3	The Attic is really crowded pretty much ever time I've been there, but there's an escape: it connects to Madison's, where there's normally a lot more room. On the second floor here, there's a great balcony overlooking Tryon St, which becomes a great place to drink and people-watch any time of the day or night. The Attic isn't spectacular or particularly interesting in any way, but it's a solid bar, if unexciting. Usually filled with banker/business types after work, it's still a nice place to grab a happy hour cocktail, provided it isn't too insanely crowded on that particular day. It reminds me a lot of a bar you'd find downtown in NYC--plain, simple, but getting the job done with beer selection and stiff drinks. On weekend nights, it gets pretty rowdy, but it's still a good time. Worth checking out if you're a single, too.
3	Attic is fine. From the street, it looks like the most hopping place in Charlotte, because of that great balcony. Decent bar. Make sure to pop into the hidden cigar bar in back. That place is cooler in my opinion. Madison's? Yeah.
3	Night number two on my Charlotte visit, a Saturday night,  it was time for my tour to head deeper into the Charlotte nightlife.The Attic seemed like a pretty cool bar with a good location. We ended up staying the rest of the bar hours there without ever feeling the need to stray to another location. Our group never even made it to the secret cigar room or the sister bar. The sports on the TV screens made it difficult to engage the male friends in the group...at first anyways.Although filled with party-goers the bar was easy to reach and get drinks. Maybe too easy.... If  the guy that woke up with a glass of red wine on his shirt the next morning reads this, I am really sorry about that.
4	My wife and I stopped in here just a few minutes after they opened and nobody was there.  But we walked around the place and sat out on the balcony and just people watched with a beer.  It was so cool.  Everything inside looked so comfy.  They have a ton of lounge seating and a ton of bar space so you shouldnt be fighting for drinks.  Look for my update about the place once we go back at a jumpin time.  I will review it more extensively then.. -Ian M.
