5	This Carl's Jr just opened on April 17.  I was one of the first to visit when it opened and found joy that they arr currently overstaffed.  On a second visit I dined in and was asked by more than one employee if I needed anything and if everything was satisfactory.  It was the greatest fast food service I have had in a long time.
5	This location is amazing. Good food and the most friendly staff of anywhere I have ever been. They make you feel very welcome. Service is excellent and always with a smile. Other Carl's could learn a lot from this location. Give it a try if you are in the area.
5	My favorite burger is the western bacon cheeseburger.  It only costs $1.99.  Love it!  I have to say, the customer service is  great here like it is at most Carl's Jr locations.  I love to see young kids that take their jobs seriously.
5	Finally a Carls Jr in Surprise.  I have only been waiting like 7 years!!!  I was commuting to Litchfield Park to get my Western bacon cheeseburger or famous star fix.....What is even more interesting is the fact that the new Carls Jr in surprise has all new staff and they must have been trained to be polite and courteous???  Not that often that I stop at fast food and get super polite and courteous from the teenager employees.  When I think Carls Jr, I think big sloppy burgers, forget the diet and dig in.  Plus who can pass up a $2 bacon western burger?  Bacon, fried onion rings, barbecue sauce, cheese, and meat?  Can't really ask for more?  I workout out to eat stuff like this :PEnjoy it.....Off of Grand in the Lowes parking lot, tricky parking lot location, but worth navigating the yellow bumps and arrows to get to Burger heaven.  Yes Carls Jr makes the best fast food burgers :)
4	I've never really been a fan of Carl's Jr, generally. Their food is typically overpriced and not as tasty as other quick-serve restaurants. However, the Hardee's Scratch Made biscuits sign caught my eye. Hey, I'm a Southern boy, what can I say? For that reason, I checked it out on Monday, Dec 10. What I found there will make me return. The Manager, Craig, is the key. He knows his customers. Impressive, since the place is only been open a few months. He has a friendly, cheerful, engaging disposition. It's a quality sadly lacking in many restaurants, particularly in quick-serve environments. And for Craig, is doesn't come across as superficial, "I was trained to be nice," insincerity. It's real. Craig seems to take interest in his customers. When I first walked in, he immediately engaged me in a conversation about something of common interest, easily done since I was wear a football jersey to celebrate my hometown team's victory the day before. Craig also keeps the place neat and clean. Also a unique quality in quick-serve places these days. Carl's Jr. in Surprise is what quick-serve ought to be.
4	Yes I am a CJ's fan, have been since they brought out the Western Bacon Cheeseburger in the 80's! Out of the big five! mickey d's, jack in the crack, floppers, and Wendy's. CJ's is my favorite! They have always changed their menu, always add something new, right now I like their Memphis BBQ burger! Haven't tried their breakfast biscuits, but been told they are pretty good. Not a fan of their fries, other then that, it's your typical fast food chain. This location is new, nice to see that in this area! Service is good right now. Can change as time goes on, anyway! Nice to add this option in Surprise!!
2	Well... The food was exactly how you would expect franchise food to be.... However the restaurant was filthy. We stopped in at 8am. Our party of ten chose to eat in. The staff member handed me a greasy order number display for our table.... While waiting for our order I took my daughter to the bathroom. The entire inside of the toilet bowl had feces coating it. A human clearly had recently exploded inside the toilet. Had it been one isolated instance of nastiness I'd understand, however, filthy order display and a filthy restroom leaves me hoping that more care was put into the food cleanliness of the food prep staff, although I don't have much hope that it was.Here's hoping my meal (which was prepared correctly and tasted fine) does not yield the outcome of the previously exploded restroom visitor.
