5	I had a coupon to try this place a few weeks ago, and I had a great experience... Laura did my eyebrows and she did a fantastic job.  She was sweet as can be and professional too.  They offer other kinds of waxing here also.  I made an appointment ahead of time, but I think they are pretty good about walk-ins and last minute appointments also.  The Brow Lady is located in a convenient location and it's small and comfortable inside.  I'll be back to see Laura again soon for sure!Interesting history of 'The Brow Lady' also... read about it at:  http://thebrowladyusa.com/The_Brow_Lady.html  This is the kind of local business that makes you feel good to support!
2	I went to the Brow Lady right after I moved to the area.  I picked it based on the Yelp reviews.  My appointment was for a Brazilian and a brow wax.....I hate to say it but it wasn't a great experience.  My brows were okay....not outstanding.  The Brazilian was awful - I've been getting Brazilian waxes for several years and this was definitely the worst one I've ever had.  I so wanted to love this place, but I definitely will not go back!
5	It's been over a year since my last Brow Lady review, so it's time for an update...Laura is still the Queen of making me look clean and pretty!  She is sweet as ever and still affordable too.Call today if you need a touch up - I lucked out and found out that this week is a special - brow and lip combo for just $26!Now that I'm living just a few minutes from The Brow Lady, I'll be seeing Laura regularly to keep my brows looking good!
5	I love this place! I have white blond eyebrows and eyelashes, and finding a salon that can dye them the correct colors without making a mess of things is difficult at best.  When I explained exactly what I needed the girl who did my tinting (sadly I can't remember her name, but she was super awesome and nice!) got it exactly right. I will be back here every 6 weeks!edit: the person I saw was Laura
4	On my first outing to The Brow Lady I scheduled an eyelash tinting. I've been obsessing about it since 08 when my friend CJ met me in argentina with freshly tinted eyelashes and they were about a foot long and i was super jealous! I was somewhat skeptical about the success of tinting already dark lashes, but I have to say that Laura my aethetician (let's go with that spelling...) did a great job on my lashes.The shop is very small, and wouldn't be able to withstand a large crowd of more than say, 3, but I like that about it and there was no competition for a seat in the waiting area so I lounged and flipped through mags while I waited. Laura was exceptionally friendly as soon as she came out of her previous appointment and ushered me into one of the two treatment rooms as she began explaining the whole tinting process. She outlined every step as she went along and was easy to talk to as I laid there blindly waiting for the tint to do its work. I'm really pleased with the results: I look like I'm wearing mascara sans clumping and the lashes themselves look glossy and longer! Yay! Tinting is on special this summer, $20 down from $25. I didn't even know that when I scheduled the appointment so it was a generous surprise. I will totally go back to Laura now that I know she's there!
4	Laura is such a pro! Sweet and easy to get along with. Very professional.  I have tried other places and they either want to sell you all the accessories to keep your brows looking perfect or they over or under pluck. Sincing going to the brow lady I have had people actually compliment me on the shape of my brows!This place is very clean and appointments are quick and easy. It takes just 15 minutes to whip my unruley european brows into shape and lasts 4 weeks. So convenient. I'm so glad I found them.
1	This was the worst, least professional spa service I've ever received. The girl waxing my brows talked at me the entire time, so much so that I wondered whether or not she could possibly be focusing on what she was doing. After 15 minutes, spewing out of a partial life story and some pretty horrific gum smacking inches from my face (all on HER parth, ha), my brows were "done." They were decently shaped (nothing special) but the clean up was atrocious. I had errant hairs that I had to request my esthetician pluck and she did (while I stood up). However, when I got home, I still had to clean up myself. Bad, bad, bad and it cost twice as much as any perfectly decent salon wax. I wish I'd had something even NEAR the experience other yelpers have had.
3	Laura, the best brow lady in Scottsdale, is no longer working at The Brow Lady... their loss!  Just wanted to update my review here since it was all about Laura before.  I'll be following her to where ever she goes for sure.  Stay tuned for a new review soon.
3	I feel that it is important to mention that neither Laura nor Lisa are working at the Brow Lady USA anymore and I therefore cannot recommend the new aestheticians as I have not experienced their work.
3	I was seen by Andrea 11/3/10. She was very nice, did a decent job and spent a lot of time with me.When I went to pay it was $30.00! twice as much as I expected because when I scheduled I was told half off for new clients. Well that promotion ended in October! A few days later after scheduling I saw a GROUPON but did not purchase it because I was under the impression I was already getting half off.Not sure that I would go back for $30.00!
5	This is the best place to get your brows done. I like it that they check with you to ask aboout medications you may be on with your face, because there can be serious problems if you wax on certain meds. No other place has ever asked me this!
2	I have to agree with Erica M, this place should not be getting the same praise as it did before Laura and Lisa left. I went here a couple of months back and needless to say, I wont be returning.I dont like to give negative reviews (especially for local businesses) but this time my negative experience justifies it. I know that it was partially my fault for not noticing the mistakes when I was handed a mirror but my skin around my brows was still red. When I got home, I've realized that my eyebrows were NOT the same width. If that is not bad enough, my right brow was overplucked (inner side) by half of a pinky's width! Horrible experience!! I really hope that they get some more experienced employees or they will not be able to keep their clientele.So, just as Gabi and Erica M have, I too will be following Laura Smith to Brow & Beauty Boutique! P.S. The ONLY reason why I gave this place two stars was because I was able to walk in without an appointment and they have entertained my husband while I was getting my brows done.
4	I had heard about how good this place was and when there was a deal on HOmerun..i bought it..I have had many facials and was surprised to learn something new about my skin..awesome and informative facial!!!!!
2	I went here because I had a discount coupon from one of those daily special type sites. Everyone there was pleasant, the decor was nice. That being said, my brows were shaped very square and pointy, not really a normal shape, and to top it off the wax er left me with a long red abrasion on one of my eyes that lasted for over a week. I won't be going back.
1	After having experiences from Laura and Lisa from the Brow Lady and awesome customer experience from both of them, I am now sad to say nothing here is the same as it was before. On my last visit, I was scheduled with Sharmeita (someone who had only been hired two days prior to my brow wax). While she did an amazing job with my eyebrows, she lacked in customer service. She pretty much did everything wrong you could do while in a customer service position. She gossiped about the people there, the company drama, and the company itself. She even told me the rude things she would say to a customer if they asked a "stupid" question. I would have been extremely happy if my waxer would have good customer service skills, but unfortunately not and I will NEVER come back to this company (AND I GAVE THIS PLACE SEVERAL CHANCES TO REDEEM ITSELF AFTER LISA AND LAURA LEFT). Pleaseeee take heed if you are considering coming here, there are much much much better places in Scottsdale that will treat you better than this place now. I will definitely be following Lisa to her own shop now.
3	So reading some of the other reviews . . . .there is many mixed opinions. As a braziian newbie - this place was great. I was able to get right in. Sharmeita did a great job - very attentive and precise and provided good general conversation during the session to make the atmosphere more comfortable.Atmosphere - modernTable - comfortable and turn table styleWaxes - different kinds available for different hair typesPrice - averageParking - plenty
2	Great location, very comfy and the staff was very nice and welcoming.  My brows were a mess and she did a good job trying to get them in order, however after the wax, she failed to remove all the wax from my eyebrows and my upper lip.  Also, the skin under my brow was burned by the wax and I developed a scab which lasted about a week.  After paying $60 for my first time, I have had better.  Sort of disappointed and I won't go back.
1	Ungood!!! I went in for a follow up brow wax; 1st one w/Shar was ok. No big complaints, no rave reviews. My 2nd encounter w/Shar was a brow clean-up & then I got talked into a facial... Bad Move!!!Shar was pretty condescending & didn't particularly provide a relaxing atmosphere. But the worst was my facial was interrupted by the front desk girl. Shar excused herself, came back a few minutes later (very apologetically) telling me all the supplies were in the room we were in. She gathered a few things, continued to apologize & assured me she'd be right back.  Ten mins later, the front desk girl came in to offer me water & apologize for Shar's absence; she also assured me Shar would be back within two minutes. Fifteen minutes after that, with no sign of Shar returning, I gathered my things & left.  I was clear that I would not be paying for a facial that was not complete & the front desk girl was apologetic & polite. She also offered me a free facial the next time I came in. I politely informed her that I would NEVER be coming back. Bottom line... go elsewhere!!!
5	Laura has now moved to the wind and water spa in Scottsdale. She is no longer (to my dismay) at the The brow lady. I went back to the brow lady and found this out the hard way. They did an "ok" job, but it wasnt Laura!!!
5	STAFF: If you do go and don't want any of the girls previously talked about in other reviews you should ask for COURTNEY. She's new I think because her business cards weren't in yet but she is one of the nicest people I've met. The rest of the staff seemed kinda out of it but Courtney was very professional which is something I value and whom I'd definitely recommend.ENVIRONMENT: It looks like a hole in the wall type place from the outside  but Courtney did a great job of making me feel comfortable and welcomed  (even though I felt bad because I was late to my appointment).OVERALL EXPERIENCE: I had never gotten an eyebrow wax before and let Courtney know my concerns but she talked me through everything, very good at answering all my questions during the process, and was very thorough with the job, I never felt like she was rushing just to get me in and out (which I've noticed a lot of spa people do). After coming home to read the negative reviews from this place (largely, if not all, due to staff) I can tell you that I would not go here if Courtney wasn't there, think of her as the new Laura that everyone had been raving about. No one else can compare. :)
5	Just had my eyebrows waxed by Courtney. She was great and I love the results! My eyebrows look awesome & sexy! I will definitely go back!
4	Wow, I just read through the 20 reviews and it seems like customer satisfaction is all over the place and there's a def fav for Laura.Well, it's yelps and I can only yelp about my own experience and I have to write that I had an excellent experience when I went to this little gem for some brow shaping.The first impression I get when I entered the Brow Lady was that the place felt very inviting and warm.  There were coffee, water, cookies, candy for your delectable pleasure.  The receptionist was very friendly and accomodating.  And the lady who shaped my brow took the time to look at my brows carefully before shaping and she was also warm and friendly and I thought did a very good job with my brows.After the brow shaping session but she and the receptionist invited me to get a cup of coffee and some snacks and to sit in their inviting looking, comfy sofa to relax and take a breather.Overall, it was an excellent experience.  Being that I mentioned friendly and comfortable quite a few times throughout this review, when you enter the Brow Lady, you can leave your frown and worries behind.When you are finished with your session, not only will you feel pampered and cared for, you will be leaving with a smile!!
5	COURTNEY has been doing my brows for months now, and has always done a great job for me. She's attentive and listens to what I want. I like a natural looking brow, but clean and precise and absolutely NOT over-plucked or over-waxed. My brow hairs are not the thickest so getting juuuust the right ones is crucial... easy to make them look too thin.and just as easy to let one or 2 stray hairs create unpleasant shadows. I've also had the unpleasant experience of lingering redness and irritation - but not with Courtney. I am older so my skin is more fragile; somehow she managed to take that into account and kept the irritation to a minimum. I will certainly go back!
3	Please don't go by my rating as I have not ben there. I was looking for reviews on eyelash extensions and did not find any. Scary there are a lot of bad reviews and my eyes are pretty important. No room for error
5	Amanda....where did you go????I had my eyebrows done by Amanda, she did an excellent job! It's been at least a year since I've had my eyebrows done by a skilled aesthetician and I was amazed at how Amanda was able to even out and clean up the shape, it really made a difference. My overall experience at the shop was great; everyone was very professional and made me feel welcomed and comfortable. Customer service and quality for the money determines how I spend my hard earned dollar.....Amanda at The Brow Lady USA will see me again!
4	I came and got my eyelash extensions done on Saturday by Valerie.  I had a Groupon and I was really excited to try them as the normal rate is too much for me to afford.  I arrived on time and was taken care of right away.  Valerie is a sweet girl who has pretty decent taste in music and was very friendly.  She asked me what I wanted and I wasn't quite sure because I'd never had extensions done before but I love the end result and they are so noticeable.  I definitely agree with Deep Blue's review.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to get this service done.
1	The brow lady, Nicky has gone to the AZ state board many times for lashes and waxing brows without a license! This is not how the original owner (Jennifer) would have wanted it. This place should be shut down!
5	3/08/14. Just wanted to update since it has been awhile since my post. It's been two years, and  I  continue to get my facials and lash extensions done here. In all my visits in the past year, I only had  one negative experience, and it was resolved quickly and professionally. I still love the service, location and people here. Truly the best brow design and lash extensions in Scottsdale. And again, very friendly staff and an owner who is caring and follows through. I've been here since June of 2012.  So far, I have always been treated promptly and kindly. I have Valerie do my brows, and I love them. I didn't realize how different they can look by going to a service that specializes in this, versus just getting them waxed at the nail salon. Big difference! Love it. I felt compelled to write this after seeing all the negative reviews. I have had nothing but positive experiences here, and I actually drive 20 minutes out of my way just to get my brows done here. I haven't had any other services at the Brow Lady, so I can't comment as to that. But, as far as professionalism, nice ladies and prompt service, it's 5 stars.   :o)
5	They're pretty good keeping schedules and calling back..  Love their living social and groupon deals.  Great specials.
5	I recently redeemed a Groupon for a flirt/partial set of lashes. With graduation right around the corner, I figured I'd give them a try. This was my first time getting the done and I didn't know what to expect. Valencia was nice, and she did a fantastic job! It's been a few days and I still can't stop looking at them! I will definitely be returning to get a refill, I'm just sad I didn't do this sooner.
3	This review is for the nail services only!!!I went here on a deal voucher and thought, hey why not?!?  The front staff was kinda bitchy but the nail tech was super nice.  She did a good job and took her time. So far so good on the nails, I'm really hard on them too and they are holding up.  Would I pay full price, ehhh...dunno, cause it wasn't anything special.
5	Thank goodness for Brooke at the brow lady! You saved my eyebrows and my day. I walked away looking amazing! I'm coming back and bringing all my friends and family. Love this salon!!!
5	Brooke is the best i've ever had with waxing. She was very professional and she was very fast with my Brazilian, while also making sure to get every hair waxed. I have never felt so comfortable with someone while getting this service done because I know how awkward it can sometimes get. Nothing awkward with Brooke! I finally found my wax lady! Go see her!!!
5	I have to commend my usual eyelash gal, I was for some reason not on the schedule, and I had it on my calendar, I arrived at 3 pm as I normally would for my every 2 week fill, after checking the schedule, they noted that there were 2 people with the same name in the computer, story of my life! With no hesitation, she jumped right in and had me back to my fab lashes in about an hr. I always walk away with amazing lashes! I really and truly love her work! Also, she is a sweetheart not even flinching when I wasn't on their books, just smiled and started lashing! I was so thankful because I was leaving for a wedding in Chicago that next morning, I am completely pleased with this salon! I hesitated on mentioning her name, only because I am being selfish and I don't want her to book up......I am sure that they are all amazing! So...I will keep her a secret!
1	I was very curious about eyelash extensions so I purchased a groupon for a "flirt set" at The Brow Lady. The shop is small and it looks like they do a range of services like nails and waxing as well. I agree with Shar B. about the front desk staff. I wasn't greeted in a friendly manner upon entering either, just hustled into the back room.First of all, I really wish their website gave some details and information on the do's and dont's of having these lashes if you've never gotten them before. If you live in a humid climate (or plan on traveling to a humid climate), or do anything like swimming or hot yoga, then skip them. Here I was lying on the table telling my eyelash lady that I was about to leave for a trip to southeast Asia (I was hoping to do the eyelashes and forgo packing makeup) and she tells me "well I'll be surprised if they last a week". Huh? So I said "what do I do if I go swimming?" and she says "dry them immediately with a hairdryer". Of note, there are no electrical outlets in the remote jungle of Laos, and no, I wasn't  planning on bringing a hairdryer. As she was applying I was already feeling cheated in paying for this once I heard they wouldn't last, but then she commented that she finished in record time....30 min. I thought ok, how long does it normally take? Their brochure and website says 1 1/2 hrs. So now, I was feeling cheated again, like I didn't get the full treatment because I came in with a groupon. Well she was right about them falling off. As I sweated my way through yoga and then enjoyed swimming, etc on my trip they became scarce. I eventually had to pull the remaining few off which wasn't fun. They might be worth it for a really important occasion like your wedding or something, but don't plan on them lasting through your honeymoon.
5	I went to this Salon for my first set of eyelash extensions and I was extremely pleased with the results. Valencia was the aesthetician who applied the lashes. She was very pleasant and did a wonderful job on my lashes. Her experience allows her to get the lashes applied quickly but professionally. My only regret is that I haven't had these done sooner. Thank you Valencia!
5	Courtney does great waxing! Erica is an amazing manicurist!  Love these girls!
5	I got a groupon to The Brow Lady for eyelash extensions. I was a little wary as the reviews are a healthy mix of good and bad BUT...I had a great experience! Marie put on my eyelashes and she is pretty darn amazing. The first time I was really nervous and wanted lashes that had a lot of oomph but also ones that looked totally natural. Sounds like that might be hard to pull off, but she did it! When I saw my sister a few days later she asked what kind of mascara I was wearing to make my lashes look so amazing, she didn't even guess they were extensions! I've been back for 1 fill and Marie did a great job again. The lashes are expensive to maintain (~ $100/ month) but the pricing here is competative. I can't speak for any other services or employees at The Brow Lady but when it comes to Marie and lashes, this place gets an A+
1	Let me start off by saying I've been here once before for eyebrows and they didn't turn out so well. I ended up with scabs on both my eyebrows for two weeks (not too pretty). Now let me start my review on my nails... They made it a bit difficult for me to make an appointment, but since I was leaving town they could squeeze me in. I got there, was seated pretty quickly, and then chose my color. I decided to go with gels, I've done them before so I knew the process fairly well. There was absolutely no room in their "nail salon" section. I didn't feel as if my girl did my nails well what-so-ever. I feel bad to name her, because in all honestly she was extremely sweet just had no idea how to do proper gels or a standard pedicure. My gels were soft, and had indents in them. Gels are supposed to be hard so that kind of thing doesn't happen. Now my pedicure... It was awful! She didn't know how to do an even coat. I do not understand. I do a much better job. So I called the manager, Nikki I believe was her name. All she did was make excuses for the girl saying oh maybe it was bad lighting or a bad curing machine for the gels. Seriously?? I would never go back there to see any nail tech. They offered to do my nails again but honestly it was so uncomfortable in there and everyone had to keep moving around each other. Save your money and find an actual nail salon where they have some massage chairs and space!
4	I am reviewing the nail services only here. Purchased a groupon for spa mani/pedi, amazing deal!!! I called right away and was able to get an appointment very easily. Becky is amazing. She was nice to chat with and my nails look phenomenal! I highly recommend Becky! I had to take it down to 4 instead if 5 only because of the space. It felt a bit cramped and I felt bad that the nail techs did not have more space to themselves. I look forward to seeing it when they move yhe
4	I love this place! Valencia does such an awesome job with eyelash extensions. I'm addicted! The Yelp deal, $50 for $100, is hard to beat...and they offer a teacher discount. I'm sold.
4	Erica is awesome! She waxes my eyebrows and does a great job. She's quick and always makes sure that I like I the shaping. I bought a groupon for my first visit and now she honors that pricing every time I come in, she's so sweet!
5	I always get nervous trying a new esthetician for my brows but I went in to see Erin Lavelle and OMG I love my brows!!! She keeps them still full looking with the perfect arch!! -- I am hooked!
2	BROW SERVICES  WERE FIVE STAR!!!!!!Nail service 1 star or less!!!!!!!  I bought a Groupon for three gel manis and pedis.  The Brow Lady is next to one of our favorite wine bars, so I thought that would work out great---park DH at Evo's, go get girly, then get treated to a nice dinner.  I made the appointment for the mani/pedi, then looking at my unruly brows, added on a brow shaping/wax.  I arrived at the The Brow Lady---receptionist was a nice young girl, and within moments I was greeted by Brandi, the Brow Artist.  I was with her for about 30 minutes.  She was wonderful.  Really warm, personable, professional.  She did a super job on my brows---gave a little more up-to-date shape, cleaned up all those "downies" (as she called them).  I was loving her.  She mentioned she does reflexology---so now I am really excited.  I am envisioning making monthly appointments, getting my brows tidied, my nails done, my feet rubbed.  Followed by a nice dinner and a glass of wine.  Does it get any better?  I work hard and a lot of hours, I cherish the rare hours I get to pamper myself.For the service, Brandi had to remove the color I had penciled in on my brows, and after, she offered to fill it back in because who wants to go to dinner with pale brows?  I really liked the color pencil she used and how nicely it blended, so I ended up buying one.  In fact, I was eyeing their whole make-up bar wondering if it wasn't time I did a cosmetic update....  I know---I am a product slut.Suffice to say, I was TOTALLY HAPPY with Brandi and her skill and customer service and I could easily have made her my "go-to" for brow care.  But...I do want to mention this----I am a really good tipper.  And I ALWAYS tip full price on a Groupon, because I don't think the service person should have to suffer because I have a coupon.  And I was very happy with Brandi, so I tipped her 25%.Then she passed me on to the nail tech...who did not speak to me, did not make eye contact, carried on slightly inappropriate conversation with the other nail techs and ignored me and obviously was not listening when I told her how I liked my nails shaped, overwhelmed me first with music from a laptop and then her cell phone (I like Alicia Keyes and Beyonce, but not full blast 18 inches from my ears!), made me writhe into awkward positions to get my fingertips under the uv light rather than arrange the work service so I could do it easily, got defensive and a little rude when she clipped my nails too short to shape them the way I like (I TOLD you before you started!), had bright red polish all over the skin at the sides of my nails and the finish of the nail was not smooth and mirror-like, but had ripples and divots.  I was so upset that when she made a shooing motion toward the pedi-chair and said: Go sit there, I told her no, I am skipping the pedi.  I wasn't going to let her do a thing further to me.  I already had a half-assed gel manicure that will cost me $10-$20 to get stripped.  Then when I went to check out---pay for the brow wax and pencil---receptionist asked if I wanted to leave a gratuity for Brandi and Ashley (that's when I found out nail tech's name).  TG I had already given Brandi her tip.  And for the first time ever---DH couldn't believe it when I told him-- I didn't leave even a single cent of tip for that  unprofessional, inept girl---that's how upset I was.  My few hours of pampering ended very badly.  And I will never set foot in the place again, so I have lost the money I spent on the Groupon.You may wonder why I won't go there if I liked Brandi so much.  How do I know her and that nasty girl aren't BFF's?  Would you put your precious brows in the hands of someone who might have a vendetta against you for dissing her friend?  Plus, now I just have a bad taste in my mouth for the whole establishment.  But in my opinion, Brandi should be working at one of the high-end spas----she has the personality and skill and customer service.  It's a shame she is wasted on a poorly managed place like The Brow Lady---and I say poorly managed, because I certainly would not stand for an employee providing the kind of service that Ashley did, and I wasn't impressed by the behavior of any of the techs.  So I was really torn on how to rate my experience---I tried to cut it down the middle, but as they say---treat a customer right, they'll tell two people---treat a customer wrong, and they'll tell a hundred.
2	I bought a Groupon for this place a few months ago. I tried to schedule an appointment within a week or so of buying the Groupon but wasn't able to get an appointment for almost 3 months!The inability to schedule was annoying, but I figured it was just from being busy with Groupon traffic, so I didn't hold it against them. As soon as I walked in and said I had a Groupon though, the receptionist gave me a sour look and shoved papers for me to fill out, without saying anything else.When they finally called me back, they asked me to pick out my color(s). This was the most ridiculous part - there are two nail stations and the nail polish is directly behind one of the nail techs, who was in the middle of a manicure. I couldn't even get to most of the colors. They also had a very limited selection - as in maybe 40? That might be generous. It was incredibly awkward. Bring your own nail polish to avoid above.So I sit down for the manicure - the chairs for the 2 manicure customers are directly behind one another so I had to scoot really close into the table to not be bumping the girl behind me. The girl doing my nails made no attempt at small talk. I don't really mind that in general, but she wouldn't even really answer questions either. Her and the other girl complained about another employee for most of the time. It seems like this place decided to throw in nail services on a whim, disregarding the lack of space for such services. Combined with their chilly demeanor, I definitely won't be back.
1	At this moment, I am very frustrated with this business. I booked a gel manicure and a pedicure appointment for today at 4:30 PM. When I showed up on time for my appointment, the two girls at the front let me know that they were "just about to email me" because they were running behind. I get it. This is the nature Of the service industry. I completely understand if a business gets busy and begins to fall behind. However, I am sure that they realized at some point (at minimum half an hour or so) before my appointment, that they were running behind. To reach out to me at the exact time of my appointment is pretty rude, since by that time, customers (like me) are generally already at the business's location ready for their appointment. I was also frustrated, because the receptionist also said that she was just about to "email me." This made no sense to me, as they already had my cell phone number, which is a much more reliable way to contact someone (especially when you're calling them at the exact time of their appointment, when they are usually parking or walking in; not checking email). I was extra disappointed because I was doing my nails for my anniversary and had a hair appointment and spray tan scheduled right after (meaning no flexibility in the schedule). The girls were very sweet and apologetic, but the lack of professionalism around simply picking up the phone and calling me as soon as they realized that they were falling behind is pretty inexcusable.
2	Not impressed. I called about a month ago to make an appointment for my sister and me. I had gotten the groupon for three mani/pedis and they allow multiple people to use the same groupon, which I thought was nifty. Had to wait a month to get in. That was a pain. But at least we finally got in together, right? Wrong. We showed up to our 5pm appointments a few minutes early today and my aesthetician greeted me by name when we walked in the door. Said as soon as we filled out paperwork, she was ready for me. Score! THIRTY MINUTES LATER, my sister still had not been brought back. One of the nail technicians (Daleesha, I believe her name was) had finished with her previous client between 5:10 and 5:15, but decided to go into one of the massage rooms to chat with a coworker, apparently, and left my sister hangin' there. After being confronted by my technician (thanks, Lisa!), Daleesha finally started on my sister's nails after 5:30. I was all done with both services around 6 o'clock, and when I finally left for work at 6:45, my sister's pedi wasn't done yet. Incredibly frustrated that our sister date with dinner and drinks at EVO afterward turned into chatting at the nail station because the brow lady was not only running behind (not surprising when their technicians just run off behind closed doors!), but didn't bother taking care of clients who had been waiting for 30+ minutes. I'll give them another shot because I paid for a third service, but I don't have high expectations, and I won't be back after my groupon is used.
1	So reading some recent reviews I feel like it is important for me to let everyone know about Ashley. I saw her name mentioned at least once, and yes she's awful. Beware of this supposed licensed nail technician! I felt bad at first for her but don't pay for shitty service.
3	I feel terrible needing to leave this update but it has to be done - 5 star for the Skin Care services- Brooke is awesome- get a facial and brow shape from her!for the nail services 1 star. I made an appointment weeks ahead of time, and still wasted 2 hours at this place. I did end up getting my pedicure which was done really nicely but the whole experience felt cramped and uncomfortable. I felt like I was in the way. I had to have my gel mani done at the make-up table because there was no mani table available. Lisa, my nail tech recommended a color for gels, turns out it wasn't a color, it was clear. I wanted an opaque, matte, very light color, but they did not have anything other than glitters, bright colors and reds. I think every nail salon should have something more subdued as an option. I proceeded to feel even more uncomfortable when we tried to call the manager and it was done on someone's cellphone which had no service. I could have stepped outside I guess to use the cellphone but it was freezing out and really I just wanted to get out of there. Lisa was really trying her best with what they had and I felt terrible because she really tried so hard and was nice and didn't make me pay for any of the services. After leaving I went somewhere else to have my mani done because lisa soaked and scratched off the clear gel polish and my nails were left scratched and pretty damaged. lisa really tried so hard and if circumstance was different i'm sure it would have looked great.The nail techs need a better space and more variety in color options for your guests. Also work on your scheduling because it really felt my time was not respected. I wasted 2 hours there and left with only a pedicure and an unfortunate attempt at a manicure. As of right now, still waiting for you to figure it out on nail services but definitely plan on coming back again to see Brooke for a facial.
1	Update: after being a client for years I stopped going to the brow lady over a year ago. They stopped using quality products and my lashes were falling out.  The worst part was they did nothing to try and keep my business. I guess they don't care about loyal customers :(
4	I, like most people, purchased a Living Social voucher for this place for a facial and brow shaping for $35.  That's pretty incredible!  I have never had a facial before so I had no idea what to expect out of this experience.  I am somewhat particular about my brows so I was a bit nervous, but then again I haven't found anyone in the valley that I like yet so may as well!My services were with Brandi and she was awesome!  She was very friendly and professional so I felt completely comfortable throughout the entire time.  For my brows she talked to me about what I wanted them to look like and showed exactly where she was going to remove the hair before even starting - NICE!  I love how they came out and was overall happy with them!As far as the facial she does arm/hand massage while the masks are hardening.  It was super relaxing and the place was clean and quiet.  The best part was at the end I was asking about setting up facials on a monthly basis and she made me aware that if I were to do so for the next SIX times I went I would receive the same pricing! :-oThis place is great, customer service is killer and Brandi was awesome!  I already set up my next appointment and cannot wait to return!
1	Saw this place on Groupon. My call was answered immediately by the receptionist who was friendly and scheduled an appointment for the next morning-a  Saturday.  I had a full set of eyelashes put on by Valencia. They looked very nice-she finished the whole set in about 30 minutes. Previously I've had full sets take 1.5+ hours. Here's the problem: That night my eyes were red and irritated. The next morning (Sunday) I woke up with my eyes very swollen, red and irritated. I called "The Brow Lady" and left a message-no response within 2days. On Tuesday, with my eyes still red and swollen, I went there around 1pm-the salon was closed with a sign that said they would be back at 4pm. I called and left another message saying that I'd had a bad reaction to the lashes and needed them removed. No response- to this day-3 weeks later. BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE :(
4	I actually had a really great experience here. My nail tech was Dawnisha (I think that's how you spell it) and my gel manicure lasted almost 3 weeks. I loved the color, and I actually liked the effect of the swirls in the polish (another yelper complained about not having a "mirror finish"). I do agree that having the polishes behind one of the manicure stations is a bit awkward, but it's not the end of the world. I bought a Groupon for 3 gel manicures and pedicures for $75. At $25 per visit, I was thoroughly satisfied with what I walked out with. It's nothing exceptional in that they don't pamper you with long hand/foot massages, but it's $25!! You can't get a decent gel manicure anywhere for $25, let alone a spa pedicure. Yes, the girls play music of their choosing and talk to each other, but at least at the Brow Lady I can understand what they are saying and they play music! If you bought the same deal I did, you have no reason to complain unless they cut you. I'm going back on Monday for my second service and if things change, yelp will be the first to know.
5	This place is great! I am new to the Phoenix area, have always hated my eyebrows, and so decided to check this place out after doing some research and seeing a great Living Social deal. I had Brandi, and she was amazing! I told her my concerns, and she spent a long time getting my eyebrows just right. She even showed me some cool makeup tips that I had never seen before that make my eyebrows look even better. I've already booked another waxing service with her. She was super cheerful, professional, and willing to go the extra mile (and did!) Go to Brandi! You'll be so happy you did
5	I adore this establishment. I have been coming here for along time. Most recently I have been getting the hour facial/ brow shaping with Brooke. She is amazing. She asks about your current problems at the start and listens to you! She does an amazing job and makes you feel totally comfortable. I love how she shapes my brows! Awesome job. She also recommends products for me, which is very helpful. I just recently got a pedi also. Good job too, my polish still looks good a month+ later. Very resonable prices also.
4	I can always count on an appointment at the time I want. Courtney does the best eye brow wax ever!
2	I don't ever leave bad reviews but I definitely won't be returning to this place. Manicure was good, service was not great, and pedi was terrible. She wouldn't change my nail color because it was gel. I purchased a groupon for a mani pedi and basically just got a mani. Sorry brow lady, but that was just a little ridiculous.
5	Saw Brandy for an eyebrow reshape. She was fantastic,  very friendly,  and definitely knows what she is doing!
3	FIVE STARS for eyelash extensions with Patrice!  She is wonderful, patient, has a very light touch, my lashes last for weeks! Also Jasmine is an expert at make up application, very talented.Nail salon area needs some help.  To be fair the owner is trying to update the area and make the stations more comfortable. Hopefully once they get the renovations completed it will be a better experience.  Suggestions:  1) bring your own polish 2) double check your appointment before you show up, not sure if they have a new computer system or what but there is usually mass confusion at that appointment desk
5	Brandy is hands down the best esthetician there. I also love their text message reminders I get the day before an appointment!
5	I wanted a facial and eyebrow wax one day and was looking for a place that could fit me in same day, I was very excited when this place was able to get me in and asked what time would work best for me. The salon was very easy to find and the receptionist was very friendly.I saw Brandi for my appt and she took time to ask about my skin concerns as well as educated me on the products she would be using.She took the time to ask me how I liked my brows shaped which i really liked and was VERY pleased with the outcome. The facial was THE best!!  Everything was so relaxing and she was great conversation too ;)  All the products felt great on my skin and smelled so refreshing, She even gave me an arm massage while the mask was doing it's job on my skin :) :)When I was done she showed me the products she used at the counter that were available for me to purchase. She recommended one that I should use in my daily routine but was not pushy in the sale at all which I really liked and I did end up buying it (Rosewater Toner and it's AMAZING)I have recommended this place to all my friends and will continue to take my brow and facial needs to Brandi as long as she works here!!
2	So I've had terrible experiences in the past with eyebrows and hadn't gotten my eyebrows waxed in over a year, so it was much needed. One of my friends recommended here, so I thought it was worth a shot with the reviews I read.I'm only giving this place 2 stars because of the cleanliness of the salon. But my experience was awful. The lady who did my eyebrows didn't listen to how I wanted my eyebrows. They are now uneven, super thin, and after 4 days of getting my eyebrows waxed, it looks like I need to get them waxed all over again.Safe to say I will not be returning. Word to the wise, listen to your clients with how they want things. Don't go plucking crazy.
1	I cannot provide a full comprehensive review due to not actually receiving any services at this location however - I tried calling multiple times to see if someone was available for a threading. I ended up showing up to the salon and the receptionist was on a phone call, which she did end up interrupting for me (however not right away). I was told no one was available for threading. Would have been much more convenient if she was not holding up the phone so that clients can actually get through! She was not even polite or approachable. Made me feel like I was interrupting her. Terrible first impression... I definitely recommend Beautifeye Studios!!! Amazing service! But I was desperate and they are closed on Mondays.
2	Although, I really liked my lash extensions and Patrice, I purchased a pre-pay to get my fills, and now they've closed SHOP!!!
1	http://www.azfamily.com/news/consumer/Scottsdale-day-spa-rubbing-employees-the-wrong-way-264501701.htmlCheck out this news story about the real brow lady before you ever consider going! There is more to the story than meets the eye! A warning for potential customers as well as employees!
1	I have been going to this salon for almost a year, and sadly I have been disappointed since they have "remodeled." I went in for my regular brow/lip wax with a microderm, and they didn't have anything set up, and made me wait 20 minutes in the waiting area. The woman that did my brows had no idea I was getting a facial after my waxing, and she seemed to be pretty new to the whole aesthetic stuff. Furthermore, after everything was said, and done, I got into my car only to notice my unibrow had hair on it still (I have blonde brows). This was a terrible waste of money, but now I know why it was completely dead inside the salon at 2 p.m.
