5	Even if you do not plan on having babies, like me, it is worthwhile to consider the Midwife Center for health services having to do with the reproductive system. With a warm environment and a super caring knowledgeable staff who are accustomed to assisting families through that big deal known as childbirth, I feel very comfortable in the competent hands of the midwives. Since their specialty is caring for pregnant women, I think that they are more attentive of subtle gynecological problems, as even minor problems for the average woman can be serious problems to one with child.On Friday afternoons, they offer cheap and/or free services to those without insurance on a tight budget in cooperation with a project of AdiagoHealth; an excellent opportunity to get tested for STIs and an annual check-up.
5	This is the best place I have ever received health care -- hands down.To qualify this statement -- I have gone to dozens of clinics over the years in search of gynecologists and doctors that are A) willing to hear my extensive history of uterine-related problems and help me live a pain-free life and B) (and this is a big one)....treat me with respect."A" usually goes right out the window as many clinic doctors are busy, overworked, and don't have time to listen (!!!) -- many have simple told me that I'm flat out wrong about my body or making it up and that I should just take Midol for all my troubles."B" is harder to mess up...and yet. There are many clinics out there that I will never visit again.The Midwife Center has always treated me with kindness and respect. The doctors I have worked with, for several years now, have always had patience with me and answered every question I've ever brought to them. Truly -- this is how women's health care should be everywhere.
5	There is no better place to receive health care as a woman than The Midwife Center, both prenatal and general womancare. Every single person there, from the receptionists to the midwifes to the nurses, are all kind, disarming, super smart and display a consistent willingness not only to help their patients, but also to educate and empower women to be partners in their own care. I've delivered one baby under their care and am 6 weeks (or so) from delivering my second. Through both, I have encountered a huge number of personal challenges and complications, and have been absolutely impressed and comforted by the way they have cared for me and provided the most amazing level of support and medical expertise. The women at TMC are top-notch, and I can't imagine getting care anywhere else.
5	Let me start of by saying that I go here for well-woman care only so far.  No babies just yet!  So I can't comment on the quality of their birth services, although their statistics are quite impressive.  As a new client, it was tough for me to find parking for the center -- on-street around the center was all full.  If I had known that there was a lot I could park in that would have been HIGHLY useful information!  So -- a quick tip: If you go to the Midwife Center you can run in and just inside the door are parking passes for a nearby lot.  GET ONE!The Midwife Center is in a converted row house and you have to climb the stairs to get to the reception area.  When I walked in, I was clearly confused, but someone downstairs was kind enough to point me in the right direction.  The women that work at The Midwife Center were friendly and receptive when I went in for my appointment.  There was paperwork to be filled out -- although a nice touch is that it is all available online so you can do it ahead of time instead of going to your appointment 30 minutes early and racking your brain trying to remember every detail of family history.As a new patient, I was interviewed and seen by a Nurse Practicioner, and she was friendly, professional, and seemed interested in EVERY part of my health -- which I appreciated.  They seem to focus on health for the whole person, not just one area.  I really look forward to my care here throughout the years!
5	I began attending the Midwife Center for well-woman care about three years ago, then chose the Midwife Center as my care provider when I became pregnant with my daughter a year and a half ago.  I can't say enough good things about this place, from the inviting atmosphere to the knowledgeable and supportive midwives to the very helpful nurses and lactation consultant.  My daughter was born in the Forest Room, and it was everything I'd hoped for.  One of the saddest parts about leaving Pittsburgh for me this past summer, when we had to move for my husband's job, was having to say goodbye to the Midwife Center.  I am hoping to find someplace half as wonderful in our new city.
5	Men, if you're anything like me, you're perfect birthing experience would be to get the basic information, a checkup, and get out of the doctor's office as quickly as possible, wait 9 months, and get a stick to bite down. Also, if you're anything like me, your wife wants to know as many details as possible and will, seemingly, ask the same question (though worded differently) ad infinitum until she gets the response that she wants.  Do yourself a favor and put her in a room full of (professional) women and let her go. The midwife center will save you money and headaches. After a so-so experience in Columbus, OH. with our first child (vaginal birth) and an absolutely horrible one in Weirton, WV. with our second (emergency C-Section), my wife was adamant about having the birthing experience that she wanted.  In this case, that meant natural.  This would be somewhat problematic since she was a VBAC. Ever the skeptic, I rolled my eyes when my wife said that she wanted a midwife instead of an OBGYN.  Don't get me started on what I thought when she started talking Doula (which I'm man enough to admit that I was also wrong about).  In my ignorance, I put midwifery right up there with crystals and corn silk tampons (see South Park). Boy was I wrong. My wife is a bit of a nervous nelly and the midwife center was absolutely wonderful. They were more than just supportive, it really felt like they wanted her to have a VBAC as much as my wife did. Not merely for medical reasons but because it was the birthing experience that she wanted. Often when you go to a Dr.'s office, the doctor is very clinical in both demeanor and substance.  The midwives had the perfect balance of compassion and science.  They talked with my wife like they were her friends who also knew a heck of a lot about obstetrics.  They were professional and warm. Once we got to the hospital (UPMC Mercy - I'll write a review for them as well), the midwife on call went to work and did her thing. She was terrific. Again, it was the perfect mix of medicine and humanity.  When all was said and done, we went through two midwives and my wife got her VBAC sans pain medicine. Now wife and baby are home and happy. If any dads are still on the fence, consider this: vaginal births, be they VBAC's or other, are considerably less expensive than C-sections and having a group of highly trained professionals in your corner who are working toward that goal can save you thousands of dollars.
5	No kids for me...yet, but this place is simply wonderful. From the moment you walk in the door, you are treated with the utmost respect. The waiting room was a bit crowded but the majority of patients there had nothing but wonderful things to say about the Midwife Center, as the majority of them appeared to be speaking from experience as long standing patients of the center. Oh and the staff, they actually talk to you and listen!!! They value your input and what you have to say in terms of what works for you. They are all so caring, respectful and informative. I highly recommend the Midwife Center
5	Wonderful experience!
