2	Need a weave, braid oil or a wig? This place is right up your alley, with large rows dedicated to such products. There are also aisles full of vaguely organized beauty treatments and a perimeter of hair pins, beaded hair ties, makeup and other accessories.I went in on a week night hoping to quickly find some shampoo and conditioner, maybe some nail polish. I love Sally's and expected a larger version of the same beast, which it kind of is. The problem lies in the fact that Sally's, Ulta, etc are usually fairly  well organized with tons of products, so easy to navigate and comparison shop. There were a LOT of products crammed in here, but several of of the shelves were sparsely populated with only one or two of each item left. Other shelves were completely swamped with products without any coherent form of labeling or structure. In Sally's, I can usually expect a greeting, however forced, from their employees, while here I felt willfully ignored. Even during the checkout, the sales person who rung me up was busy having a conversation on the phone, barely interjecting long enough to tell me my total. Most of the products are tailored to the African American market, as is obvious when walking up to the store. ALL the images outside are of black women, which is really cool since they're often under-loved by the media, but also means that there aren't many items really intended to take care of my hair type. It's a pretty big space with a lot of things scattered about, so if you have the time it may be worth it to shop around. If I had more time, I may go back to look for some extensions for use in updos or something, but after I check out some other shops first. I'd give them 3 stars for selection of products, but I'm knocking a star for the guy being on the phone the whole time. That's one of my biggest pet peeves while shopping, and I try my hardest to be off the phone by the time I get to the register so it's extra irritating to me to have the shop clerk doing exactly that.
1	This place was just a place I went because it was conveniently located near my home. Big mistake. I should have just driven the extra mile to go to Sally's! The place is true to its name. It is a warehouse! Giant rows of shelves, however, hardly any product on those shelves. Odd how empty the shelves were, but the items hanging on walls were completely jam packed and hard to shop through. It seemed the name brand stuff was scattered and hidden by all the cheaper, knock off brands. I went in for hair dye and couldn't find my color. It was difficult getting anyones attention to ask because the two people there were in deep conversation and ignored my first "excuse me". When I finally did get 'help', if you could call it that, it was very awkward. The associate just looked on the shelf I did, and told me that they obviously didn't have any since I couldn't find it on the shelf either. WAIT WHAT? I understand if you don't have a product in stock, but please don't insult me by taking me to the shelf and shrugging your shoulders! Rude! Better customer service and well stocked shelves are desperately needed in this store!
4	I found this store by accident.  I was looking for a CVS so I can buy acetone (to do my nails).  Ended up getting it here along with bunch of nail polish colours.It's not a boutique store.  It's a warehouse and every inch the adventure of finding things.  It's full of things you need and don't need but pretty fun to shop.It's a great place for black women since most of the items in the store cater to the beautiful black woman.  Lots of hair items (extensions and wigs).I ended up picking up several nail colours and acetone.  Great prices and a fun place to shop.If you know makeup, you know how to sift through the good stuff and the useless pigments.  Those of us that are familiar with pigments and saturation, it's a fun place to look through.  It's not about the labels (brands).  As any person that knows cosmetics, how much you pay doesn't determine worth.  When I start running out of colours and happen to be in Vegas, will stop by.The service isn't super great but it's not really that type of an environment.
1	Never been treated so bad in my entire life! Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Walked in wanting to spend 100+ on good quallity hair extentions, had to wait 20 mins just to get assistance, and once I got help the lady was nothing but rude!! She told me they had nothing to match my hair and that's bs, they have a ton of hair extentions!!  If you are looking for a nice place don't go here! Rude staff dirty facility!!!
1	This place sucks  Poor service and awful employees. This place needs to shut down. Nobody is friendly, and everyone is stuck up. I recommend never going here. Also, they will accuse you of using a product so that you can not return it. Limited stock and way over the top pricing.
2	I called this store to see if they carried a product. The phone kept on ringing and no answering machine. So, I decided to drive over there to see if they had the item I was looking for. I browsed the shelves in the which the item could possibly be. No luck. I attempted to get some help, again, No luck. The other sister stores are better than this one.
2	I was in there almost an hour buying my supplies, I needed to use the restroom, "No Miss we don't have a restroom"  I was told nearest was in Smith's grocery store...how rude.  I had my stuff held at the counter but after going to Smith's to tinkle I didn't even feel like going back.  Just went to Hair Plus instead.   A place that size not having a restroom for customers is pretty hard to believe. I understand owners not wanting to use the restroom everyone else uses but you should make it convenient for your customers.
1	It's almost as if they don't want people to shop here. Customer service and interaction is beyond awful. Your money is better spent somewhere where they don't treat you as if you're an annoyance or burden. I would give this place 0 stars if I could.
