4	A nice alternative to eating at the convention center while attending a trade show across the street.I have only eaten lunch here, but every time the food and service has been great. The prices are a little high for what you get, but compared to standing in line for 30 min to eat a hot dog, it's worth it. The place is quiet and has a few tvs in the bar to catch up on news or sports. It's a nice break from the convention center crowd. I usually have a sandwich or burger. Most recently I had the Bahn Mi Turkey Burger with picked vegetables and sriracha mayo. It was really good. There are also a few side options, such as fries, salad or chips. The servers are always friendly and attentive.
4	Had some business in the hotel so instead of leaving and eating else where i figured why not try the place out. They remodeled the beginning of this year so the interior looks pretty damn nice and very clean. I asked around and it seems everyone agreed on the Old School Burger. Ignore what the menu says about two thin patties the patties are thicker than normal sized patties you find at any fast food joint. If this is thin to them i'd love to see what a normal patty or a large patty would be. How's the burger you ask? If In-n-Out wasnt a fast food chain and had took their time to make a burger, the Old School would be the Double Double. It tastes damn close except for two things: i ordered it with no onion where as In-n-Out i would ask for grilled onions, and the sauces are different. In-n-Out i'm pretty sure uses thousand island, Cafe325 uses what they call "Mighty Mo" sauce which looked and sort of tasted the same but i'm pretty sure it's home made.The fries were SUPER crispy and firm but not hard and still soft in the middle. Also they were salted with noticeable chunks of sea salt not regular table salt. Overall this was a pretty good lunch.
2	I ultimately thought that this was a good breakfast, but the service was slow (albeit, friendly), especially when it came to restocking the buffet. The price is high and comparable to other continental type breakfasts at other hotels. For $20, I would expect much more.
2	Breakfast buffet is terrible. Only reason I didn't give it one star is the service was good and the coffee wasn't terrible. We walked each morning after our first to Envy in the Renaissance for breakfast. Would not stay at the hotel again either for this reason. The bar closes at 11pm so if you are out and about and come back late you can't even get night cap.
2	You will not get your money's worth. Stale bagels, ran out of cream cheese. On a positive note, they have fresh fruit.
3	Grabbed lunch here while attending a conference.  I expected the location to be a little closer to the convention center, so thankfully, it was not crowded.  The chopped salad was very tasty, but the service was slow (par for Vegas).  I probably wouldn't visit again, but that is based on location more than the quality of food.
4	This Cafe is located near the lobby of the Marriott.They have a full bar right near the hostess stand. The cafe isnt very big but they manage to keep the people moving in and out. We ate breakfast for 2 days and lunch other day. We did a buffet breakfast. They have the typical eggs, bacon, sauage, fruit you know the usual food. It was good though. We also had lunch and there burgers are awesome. I was happy that our hotel had such good food. If you an elite member at the hotel you get a free breakfast.
