1	I haven't even looked into it yet, in fear of finding out exactly the possibilities of damage, but before I went on a trip to Colorado last week I got my oil changed here.  $20.  Good price right?   Well when you consider the oil filer cap was not replaced after the oil change you might think otherwise.  Anyway, that's my story.  I don't even think the guys apologized when I went in today to show them the situation.  There was oil everywhere on the inside under the hood but my real fear is the damage which could have been done internally.
5	Have had a number of 'good experiences" here..Very good prices ,work,and service. Recommend!!
5	Last month my wife's car was making a loud noise from the muffler so I called Mex Mufflers for a price quote and the guy quoted between $200-$300.  I called other repair shops and they quoted $300-$400.  I took the car in and they inspected it and showed me which part needed work.  They said they can weld the metal pipe to the muffler.  The cost?  $50!  This morning, my wife's car was making a scratching noise from the muffler.  Before I took it in, I examined it and one of rusted bolts holding the metal shield came loose.  It was not Mex Muffler's fault.  I took it in, and explained the problem. The guy quoted $25, and I said go for it.  After the car was fixed, he said, "no charge".  I insisted that I compensated him but he said it was an easy fix and he wouldn't take payment.  This place has integrity.  The wife's car now drives fine.
1	My experience with Mex Mufflers was awful.  I took my Camaro in to get a Flowmaster cat back system installed and the mechanic looked at the hardware like it was from the future.  He gave me 3 different estimates within half an hour, and then when he was laying the hardware out to see how it is installed he laid it out backwards! Then he told me that since he was unfamiliar with the product (that he is a distributor for) that the job was going to cost more.  It is obvious that their knowledge and mechanic skills are very rudimentary.  In my opinion all it takes to see how unprofessional these guys are is to walk into their filthy shop and take a look at the hygiene and appearance of the individuals that work there.  If you are not on your last nickel and dime I would highly recommend taking your vehicle to somewhere else.
3	You get what you pay for!
5	Ok maybe they should tint the window or something because I couldn't resist watching them work and the welding flashes still have me seeing spots but I just got a brand new catalytic converter installed in about 20 minutes for less than it was going to cost to just buy the part online.
