5	These guys were amazing!  My fiance and I were moving to a new house and just needed help with the heavy lifting.  They did a remarkable job, were very personable and were prompt and efficient.  If we need movers again, we will most definitely use them.
5	Absolutely fantastic experience. I moved to Las Vegas over a year ago and had a horrible experience with a moving company. This was the opposite. Jeffs Personal Touch Moving Service showed up on time, worked hard and quickly, charged exactly what they said they would charge, did not damage anything they moved, and on top of everything else, were friendly and fun to work with. We moved a family room, kitchen, three bedrooms, a backyard, and 2 bathrooms out of the first home, traveled 6 miles, and delivered into the new home with an upstairs in 2.5 hours with three movers. I was so happy I added the amount of money I thought I was going to spend for the move to their tip because I thought they deserved the money. It is a very nervous thing bringing strangers into your home and there are many horror stories about moving companies. I lived it a year ago. If you give these guys a try, you won't be disappointed. I will use them again if I move for sure. Jason
5	My husband and I love these guys!!! We actually used their services about 3 months ago and I completely spaced writing a review. First off these men were very professional, fast and nice. Secondly they are affordable, they moved our house from storage to a 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment in a nice timely matter. What I loved most was nothing was broken! We have had movers help us in the past and they broke some of our things.  I highly recommended these men!!!!
5	They were on time, finished in two hours, and were quick and efficient. They were very careful with our stuff.We highly recommend them!!
1	I am completely blown away by the glimmering reviews here! I had such a bad experience with these movers! I don't even know where to start. So unprofessional in every way and damaged some of my property! They demand to take "10 minute smoke breaks" every hour they work that actually last a lot longer (I timed the breaks since I was informed they don't stop the clock from running for those. They basically just putz around to run up the amount of money you have to pay since you're paying for their time). I've never heard of a moving company doing this and I've used many over the years. Wouldn't have been a big deal if they did a good job but they were rude, unprofessional and did outrageous stuff like carrying my couch cushions under their stinky sweat soaked armpits...EEEEW!! Damaged one of my couches and then scoffed at me when I called the next day to address it. Got black grimey fingerprints all over my $5,000 temperpedic mattress! Told me they use moving blankets to set furniture down on so it won't get damaged - came outside to find one of my couches standing on its arm on the dirty pavement which was also wet since it had been drizzling that day. UNBELIEVEABLE! The only other company I've used in the valley  as bad as this was All My Sons moving co. I could go on a LOT longer with horrifying details but yelp limits the amount of characters you can type into a review. Bottom line: The whole thing was a nightmare. DO NOT USE THESE GUYS!!
5	I used Jeff and his crew when I moved to Vegas in January. They were so professional and got things done in a timely fashion. I will be using again in a week to move me into my new house!
1	I read your comment Jeff. I have used many movers just not in this area. I lived in FL previously, so I couldn't use those movers again because they're located in FL. I did tell you about the damaged couch and you laughed at me and told me there was nothing you could or would do about it. You also refused to wrap the mattress or anything else (I asked to have everything wrapped with my own wrapping materials) but you told me that made the move more difficult for you guys and that if I wanted to use your service, nothing could be wrapped. Crappy service, crappy attitude, crappy movers. The fact that you don't care about a bad review says a lot.
5	Jeff and his partner were amazing. They were extremely punctual and very fairly priced. They were very quick, kind and most importantly carefull. My father's furniture that they helped move was all antiques which they were very careful and mindful of. They even offered suggestions of where to put things! I will absolutely only use them for any move this point forward!
1	I called to find out if they are available to move my furniture. Jeff picked up the phone, was extremely rude on the phone and then hung up on me. Wow and I wanted to use his services because he had good rating on yelp. No thank you. I ll find someone elseNO STAR RATING!!!
