2	Alright. So I've been here many times and it just keeps getting worse. The most recent time was New Years... I post this now because I just remembered the story the other day about the most expensive baked potato I've ever had. New Years was a prix fixe menu at, I believe, $75 a pop. Everything, I mean everything, was bland or overcooked; except for the baked potatoes, which were the best ever. Go figure. My fiance emailed them shortly after we'd been there, to let them know how horrible an experience we had and they never replied... We'd made a reservation, showed up 10 minutes early, waited at the bar for a half hour, and when we were finally seated, we were given the worst table in the house; I was squeezed between a pole and the table while my fiancee, sitting across the table, was crammed chair to chair against another patron. After asking the server, she moved the table a little bit and said, "there you go," in a condescending tone.Suffice to say, they've gone too far down hill for me and I won't be returning unless they change chefs for one who isn't stuck in the 70's (despite his young age).
1	Don't bother. The food is ridiculously overpriced and mediocre at best. I had the linguine and seafood for $23. It had 2 shrimp, two sea scallops and a heap of bland linguine. It's not that it was bad, just boring and no big deal. My friend had the salmon and said the same thing. Honestly, they tasted like a frozen dinner. It comes with soup- I had the French onion, she had the beef barley- again, boring and plain (and barely warm). The place itself is old, run down and dirty. Service was great, tho. Even if money is no object (and here it has to be), there's no reason to go here xcept for the view. Really, really disappointing.
1	It's like walking back into the 70's.  Talk about dated!  The veal was so overpowered with garlic!  I like a little garlic but this was overwhelming!  The french onion soup had no melted cheese on top.  The spinach salad was very bland!  I will not go back!
1	Until today, I've never written a review for a restaurant, whether the restaurant was fantastic or average.  Usually, I just communicate my sentiments regarding the restaurant via word-of-mouth.  However, this restaurant deserves time expended for a review.  The food was detestable and has no connection to fine dining or even the most moderate fine dining experience. The seafood was all previously frozen and much to my chagrin, the crab used for the crab cakes had a brown hue, the shrimp were overcooked and the oyster was spoiled.  The ambiance of the restaurant is rather drab and the wallpaper was frightening.  The market should not allow for such poor food and service.  The restaurant is unworthy of it's Mt. Washington view.  In fact, a bologna sandwich has more relation to fine dining than this restaurant does.  They should hang a sign from the restaurant that reads, "Buyer Beware."
3	My dad loves this place! My grandparents love this place! Its definitely any older style of restaurant. Everything is very traditional. Veal, crab cakes, filet, french onion soup. Nothing is too off the wall here. I feel like the menu has been the same for a while. Food: Solid but not very creative. Older people love it because you get a soup and salad w every entree. Ambiance: The decor is a little strange and a bit outdated but the view overshadows all the wood panelling. Service: Great Service. Very old school. Price: A bit priceyIt is a great way to showcase the city to out of towners!
2	I'm not going to say much except you would be doing yourself a favor by walking about 30 yards to one of any number of other places up on Mt. Washington if you are looking for a great view, good food, or friendly service. If none of those things matter, I highly recommend.
5	I don't know why people have given this place such bad reviews. Our experience here this past weekend was wonderful. It has an amazing view to go along with the delicious food we had. We would definitely love to go back some day and revisit those delicious dishes.
2	This is an old restaurant that is located in a perfect spot due to the view. The roof and walls are texturized with meringue top stucco which looked interesting. to start, our waitress was dirty and it looked like she obtained her buttoned down shirt from the bottom of the laundry basket. That the waitress was disgustingly dirty really bothered me-- what it might be like in the kitchen? Further, the service was poor and the food was unspectacular. The fish was like a frozen entre andbthe vegtables were cold. It appeared like the same menu and wine list had been there since the 70's. They are only getting 2 stars because of the view. They seriously need improvement and it was disappointing.
2	I am writing this a little prematurely.  I have been here once before and it seemed okay.  I am taking my husband here for his birthday tonight strictly for the view.  I made a reservation and the gal answering the phone spoke so fast and slurry that I couldn't understand what she said.  I made the reservation and she tried to hang up on me, but I stopped her and told her the occasion, since she wasn't properly trained to ask.  I asked her to make sure we got a river view (the food is not that good), she said I had to wait until we got there to see if we could.  Not good...
1	Don't even bother! Visited here on a recent trip to Pittsburgh, only because of the fabulous view. Well, if a restaurant marks up their prices significantly because of location, they should at least make sure the windows are clean. Waitress was rude, YELLING in my grandfather's face when asked to repeat something (as he's hard of hearing.) Mediocre food (avoid the steak at all costs.) Waitress disappeared for the last 40 minutes of our visit, where we were lucky waited on by an extremely attentive busboy. Of course, the waitress returned when we got our wallets out, after someone else had brought the check. Disgusting disrepair of the building and terrible service, avoid at all costs!
1	To the person who gave this place 4/5 stars, you've got to be kidding.  I've eaten there recently....had to... and while the food passes, the place is filthy.  The wallpaper is peeling off the walls and the wall are dirty.  The carpet is a mess.I've also spoken to several people who have been there the past few months and several of them said the service is rude at times.  Essentially depends who you get.Essentially, this place is making money because of the view.  If it didn't have the view, they would've closed months ago.  DO what the other viewer recommended and go a few yards up or down the road....Le Mont, Tin Angel, Isabella's, Monterey Bay.  You'll get the same view, better food and better service.
1	Georgetowne Inn is a style, culinary and service abomination. Located at the top of Mt. Washington, it is perfectly situated for beautiful, romantic meals that should highlight all the wonderful things about Pittsburgh. Instead, it plays into all the old stereotypes some have about Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh food scene. Entrance: Parking can be difficult on Mt. Washington on weekend nights, so we paid the $5 valet service fee. No biggie, right, because we're about to have a great meal. Besides who wants to walk 5 blocks in dress clothes, because Georgetowne Inn is "dressy." Oh, wait, it's actually not dressy. The hostess was wearing black stretch pants, and many patrons were wearing jeans, shorts, polo shirts, and tank or tube tops. Yes, I saw someone in a tube top. After we check in with the hostess, she proceeds to bring us to one of the worst tables in the place. When we express dissatisfaction and ask for another table, she says we'll have to wait for a better table (despite many being open). But wait, I've had a reservation for 2 week now, doesn't that mean anything? Silly Jill, having a reservation doesn't actually mean anything! See, the good tables are first come, first serve-- duh!Decor: Oh, wow. Don't get me wrong, there is a special place in my heart for restaurants that are old school. This place is just a joke. Firstly, it's carpeted. Gross. Second, the interior looks remarkably similar to a Steak N Ale. Is it the renaissance in here? Why are there torturous-looking white spikes protruding from the walls and ceiling? How did you manage to get a toilet bowl that is peach with a white tank? These are things I cannot answer.Ordering: This is where the evening got really spectacular. After waiting for 5 full minutes (with no wine list), I ask the bread girl if she knew where our server was. Five minutes later the server shows up. No greeting, no nothing, just, "Can I get you something from the bar?" We tell her we have the Living Social deal that comes with wine. "Oh, ok. Well, you have a choice between a red and a white." Jill: "Sure. What are the grape varieties that we get to choose from?" Server: "Huh?" Jill: "What types of red and white wines do we get to choose from? For example, a pinot noir or a pinot gris?" Server: "Oh, I don't know it just depends on the bar." Also, it blew her mind that my Living Social deal was on my phone, and she left with my phone for 5 minutes to figure out how to mark it used.Now we get into ordering food. I'd been looking forward to escargot for weeks, and I happily ordered it as my appetizer. Surprise, they're out of that and 3 other appetizers. OK. Meal order time. I'll have the prime rib. Nope, out. I'll have the crab cakes. Nope, out. I'll have the stuffed shrimp. Nope, out. Just give me the damn steak.Food: The joke throughout the night was trying to figure out which aspect of the meal was going to give us life-threatening food poisoning. Neil made sure to tell me where the life insurance papers were kept. Raw oysters were served at room temperature. My seafood coquille was gross and looked like cat food. French onion soup looked like dirty dish water and was too salty to eat due to the insane amount of parm cheese. The spinach salad actually wasn't half bad. The bacon dressing, though, did taste more like Bacos bacon than real bacon. Finally, the steaks. They were basically truck stop steaks. You know, they're good because it's a steak, but it's not seasoned at all. We used copious amounts of salt, pepper and some of our blended red wine that remained to season it up. The pasta side was supposed to be in garlic butter sauce, and I tasted no garlic. The broccoli was disgusting and microwaved. Every single table that got broccoli sent it back untouched at the end of the meal.Other gems: You could hear people yelling in the kitchen. Watching a man in gym shorts and a ratty tshirt deliver food to the bar.  Frozen butter.  Our waitress not being able to read the wine labels because "she didn't have her glasses on."
3	We made a reservation for 6:30 and we were seated right away. Our table had a beautiful view of downtown Pittsburgh. Our server was very nice and attentive but wasn't in our faces the whole time. They seemed to be out of a lot of wine on this particular night. I got a glass of what I wanted but a lot of customers around me could not.I ordered the mixed grill special that they have on Wednesday evenings, which comes with filet, lobster tail, and swordfish. My steak was cooked perfectly, although it had no seasoning on it at all. My lobster tail was awesome. The swordfish was overcooked. I've never had swordfish before, but my boyfriend has and he said it's usually more tender and flaky. The french onion soup was okay. The salad had a LOT of dressing on it but you'll have that.The restaurant does seem to be in need of a decor upgrade. The carpet is very old and stained. The walls are kinda funky. The chairs need reupholstered. All in all, I enjoyed my experience but I'd say it's a little overpriced for what you get.
5	What an amazing view! They can serve me turds on a plate and would still give it 5 stars base soley on the view!The prices aren't cheap, but not over expensive either. They could charge much more based on location in my book.The steaks are awesome, and the salads are super yum!  I would say it's a great date spot!
1	Bad service, mediocre food but a great view.
4	So...we haven't beebread to the Inn in many a year.  After reading the reviews, I was more than concerned,but we were delightfully surprised.  Other than the complimentary cheeseboard with deli muenster, the rest of the meal was outstanding. Our waitress and servers were attentive, polite and unobtrusive.  The soups were hot and delicious, spinach salad served on chilled pewter plates with warm bacon dressing. Our entrees arrived hot and well prepared. The prime rib was cooked to perfection served with aus jus and horseradish sauce. The Yorkshire pudding was a perfect compliment. The over stuff shrimp were a perfect combination of crab and shrimp. Dessert and coffee were offered and the evening ended with a perfect view of our grand city. Haters stay home!
3	I went here with a friend for a few reasons.  I had never been on the Duquesne Incline (I only moved here a few months ago) and we had a restaurant.com/groupon deal if we spent $50 we would get $25 off.Pros - Views views views!  We went at night and the city lights and views were inspiring.After the Incline experience that made you feel like you just took a step back in time I found I was able to stay in character at Georgetowne because of its traditional setting.  It could use a mild update but I really did appreciate the interior character for what it was.I found the wait staff friendly and attentive.  They happily acknowledged our coupon which is sometimes an issue at restaurants.Cons - The meal was not to die for. It was mediocre.  I would definitely go back for the view and perhaps lunch but never for dinner again unless I had the same coupon.  Well, I would go again for dinner if my grandparents came to visit.  They would love it.
1	I wish I could say that I got to taste the food, it might have been excellent. But we never got to find out.  Our New Year's Eve was almost ruined by the Georgetowne Inn.I made reservations (Weeks ago) to take our out of town friends to eat a great New Year's Eve dinner.  We arrived for our 730 dinner reservation and at 830 was still not seated. When my boyfriend went to inquire about what time we would be seated, they told him we wouldn't be seated until 1000!!!!! The only good thing about the night was that the overworked bartender Bruce kept us happy while we sat there! Thanks Bruce you were great.I was crushed. Here we were hungry on New Years and nowhere to eat!Good thing we walked down to LeMonte and they sat us immediately.I will NEVER go back here!
3	I go to Pittsburgh once a year for business, but I had never before done the Duquesne Incline. This year, I decided it was time that I did. I had heard that there were some great restaurants at the top, but when I arrived, I was fairly disappointed. Naturally, I first consulted my yelp app. There weren't many options, and the ones with the better reviews weren't open for lunch. I finally decided on the Georgetowne Inn, although it only had 2 stars. I was the only person in the whole place, and was told to sit wherever I wanted. Naturally I went straight for a seat by the window, for the view. I had read about the spectacular sights in some of the reviews here, and they didn't let me down. Beautiful, even during the day. My waitress was very friendly, and kept an eye on me and my needs without being overbearing. I got the Buffalo Burger (8.95) with fries (see picture). Food was decent. Nothing spectacular.The true reason to come to this place, unfortunately isn't the food, but the view. The food would get 2 stars, but the location is outstanding.
2	Overpriced.  Food is mediocre.  Service is mediocre.  Atmosphere is confused- is it classy? Warm and rustic?  View is amazing.
3	So a super nice (albeit kinda hillbillyish, sorry!) bartender at a downtown PGH bar recommended we try the Georgetown Inn for dinner. I never, ever hesitate to check my trusty Yelp app while out and about. After reading many negative reviews from reliable Yelpers (thank you!) we decided against dinner here and opted to just grab a drink. We're glad we decided against it for dinner. It's not that we had a horrible experience or anything. We sat at the bar for a couple of whiskey sours. I guess I just got a bad vibe. Like people were cranky here or something. The place had semi-creepy ambiance too. Otherwise, drinks were good. Extremely overpriced, but good.
1	I think this place would be a perfect project to show on "kitchen nightmares". I want to like the Georgetown, but other than the view, it has nothing to recommend it. Horrible decor, mediocre to poor service, and bad food. They always have certificates available at restaurants.com, and even at a discounted  price i wouldn't go there. I guess the owners are milking the business for every penny they can, because they sure aren't spending any money on the building OR the food.  Honestly, the food is a half step above a Swansons frozen dinner. Such a shame.
1	Service was SOOOO slow. The food was overpriced and less than desirable. The decor was straight out of Three's Company at the Regal Beagle. We would have fared better by bringing McDonald's in to eat and enjoy the view. Oh, and the AC was cranking out subzero temps. I wished I had brought my parka with me.
2	I had a groupon for this place and decided to finally check this place out and I feel ripped off even on the groupon that I purchased.  We got there early before the reservation by about 25 minutes and there were plenty of seating and was told that we would be seated closer to our reservation time at 8 and the hostess seem a bit snappy.  We came back at 8 and were seated.  The waitress took our order and it took the appetizer 35 minutes to get to the table and I've had better mushrooms at olive garden personally.  Then after that the entree's came after sitting there for about an hour and 15 minutes and the place wasn't even busy.  The service sucked and we were never checked on to see if we needed anything.  Thank god I bought a groupon or I would have been really upset paying what they thought that meal was worth which they figured out and showed me like it was suppose to impress me?  It is a great view but that's where it ends as many people seem very unhappy to be working there.
1	My dad gave me a groupon for this place, he was too jetlagged to go and I was more than happy to sign up for the free dinner. I made reservations, however I was told that their reservations were backed up until 9:00 pm. I confirm that time, and show up at 8:50. It's a madhouse, with people packing the tiny corridor leading from the bar to the restaurant. The greeter was screaming at the top of her lungs for people, managing to sound pretty pissed off in the process. We were seated at 9:55, and this was after a handful of people in front of us left because of the wait. We sat around for a few minutes before someone slapped this cup of butter on the table. Me and my date sat transfixed. Was the butter ornamental? Would it go good with a dash of pepper? We stared at this shot glass full of butter for a full fifteen minutes before someone gave us bread. We were seated with two other tables simultaneously, and while we waited for our appetizer, the first table was on their entrees. The second table was polishing off their appetizer while we munched on prison bread. The butter didn't help much.I got the filet, medium rare. Completely raw in the middle, mostly raw for the rest of it. Baked potato was microwaved. A baked potato will be crispy on the outside. This is a direct result of the baking. A microwaved potato will be one big rubbery mess that slides around your plate. We chose the peach melba for dessert. It was melted soft serve ice cream topped with cool whip and canned peaches. There were a few raspberries, but after the first one's extreme sourness I decided to leave the rest to drown in vanilla soup. The blueberries were completely devoid of any flavor, good or bad. If you've ever eaten paper, you'll know what I'm talking about.At the end, we were presented our check boasting that we would have had to pay $89.99 for this travesty. It was to show how much we should tip. The waitress was absent for most of the night, the service took forever, the reservations were an hour delayed, and the food was awful. The tip wasn't much.A few other notes. The interior is weird. I can figure why-- this is a dive tavern that someone picked up on the cheap for the nice location. They threw in a few large windows facing the city and left the rest to rot. I was able to carbon date the carpet back to the paleolithic age, when orange and green was in style. Every flat surface is full of drywall stalactites, which adds a nice sex-dungeon flair to the place. A fake fireplace crackles and flickers orange. The bathroom is worse than most I've seen barhopping on East Carson St., and if you've ever been to East Carson Street you know what I'm talking about.
2	The ONLY thing that deserves the second star is the view.The food is crappy. That's it. Cheap food prepared poorly. I think I've experienced better flavor at Taco Bell.The cheese plate? What a joke, 4 crackers with some room temp Walmart cheese.Drinks? Overpriced and over-poured.Ambiance? It's just weird...I felt like I was in a dungeon. It's safe to say that I will never be returning.
3	I made reservations for a party of 2 at 7pm on New Years Eve. We arrived 10 minutes early and were seated within 5 minutes of giving our name. We were seated behind another couple next to a corner window. Our view wasn't as good as theirs, but it was still good. We waited about 15 minutes until our waitress came to ask our drink order. Her whole demeanor showed she did not want to be working on this night. The menu was a little too quickly explained and after some time we ordered our food. For appetizers we ordered crabmeat and shrimp cocktail, which were both good. Following those were our salads which had barely any lettuce leaves and were drenched in balsamic vinegar. For our entree I ordered the Filet and my boyfriend ordered the NY Strip. Both were cooked as requested (Medium rare). Everything came right on time. Appetizers, salad, main course and dessert (Yummy turtle cheesecake) which we ended up taking home because we were so full. All in all the food was decent and the view was nice, but the service could have been better.
5	I think low raters of this restaurant are missing the true ambiance and theme of this restaurant.  There is a reason Georgetown Inn looks the way it does: To give you a colonial feel and take you back to a bygone era.  This is not a fancy fusion yuppy modernistic "place to be seen"-type restaurant.  I grew up in Boston and my city abounds with these type of restaurants (Durgin Park, Union Oyster House, Locke Ober, etc.) so I truly understand Georgetowne Inn.  Other cities have these style restaurants, such as Williamsburg VA, Charleston SC and Philadelphia PA.  The food was phenomenal and the ambiance was great.  Although the wait was over an hour long, without reservations (we witnessed another couple wait 45 minutes with a reservation), it was still a great experience.  I will definitely go back if I ever visit Pitt in the future.
1	I came to Georgetowne Inn with already low expectations, as a group of us were going for Valentine's dinner on a weekend and the restaurant had been chosen already, and I did my research on yelp after I learned of the choice. We had a reservation, yet still waited ONE HOUR. The hostesses were rude and unprofressional. Maybe I have too high of standards; i'm from Chicago i'm sorry. But if you're going to charge that much for a restaurant and pretend to be all fancy, your staff must also get that memo. We waited by the bar area, and each time the hostess announced someone's table was ready, she would say "settle your tab with the bar and i'll seat you". That is just fine if this is a pub or some TGI Friday-esque restaurant, but for a fancy "top knotch" restaurant? Management needs to be slapped. When our table was finally open, the waitress literally took 20 more minutes to set the table with plates and an assortment of cutlery and napkins. I say assortment, because when we sat down (they told us they wouldn't be showing us to our table, we could just go sit - this tells me they're tired of us asking when our table will be ready. Also that there are absolutely NO MANNERS to be found at this establishment) each person was either missing a napkin, or a fork, or a spoon, or a knife. Like many other reviewers, the only reason this place deserves a star is because of the view. And like those same reviewers, I agree that the survival of this place is only because of that view. I ordered the petite new york strip - rare, which came out medium so I sent it back. Fine; but even the rare steak was bland (my husband said that he could cook a better steak than that) and my baked potato looked and tasted like it'd be baked for a few hours too long. French onion soup was eh, spinach salad with warm bacon dressing actually had a sweet bacon COLD dressing. Fine, whatever. Can everyone in this establishment just get on the same page? The waitress also never asked if we wanted drinks; maybe because this restaurant always has a long wait, they're used to people getting drinks at the bar. I will NEVER EVER EVER return. If you want to eat a dinner that you could very well make for yourself by buying everything at Giant Eagle and just kind of cooking it in any sort of random fashion, you will probably have the same meal as you would get here. PASS.And if you're ever in Chicago, do go to The Signature Room at the Hancock center. Their views are amazing, and their food and service is equally amazing. Georgetowne Inn needs to travel a bit outside their narrow world where their type of "food" and service might have worked at one point, and learn where the rest of the world is going.
4	Not sure why the bad reviews, my husband and I went for a Sunday dinner using a Groupon and the service and food was excellent! The views are spectacular and the staff was great! If you want a great view of the city and good food...try this place!!
3	We bought the Groupon offer they seem to run every so often, but after reading all the negative reviews I was kind of nervous to try the place. As the expiration date neared I finally decided that we should just bite the bullet and go. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.The standout feature is definitely the view. We made our reservation for close to when dinner started so we wound up with pretty great seats, directly in front of the giant window that lines the back of the restaurant. The decor has a rustic feel which I've seen other reviews refer to as dirty and gross. I actually thought it was cool but I'm interested in the time period it was modeled after so maybe if you aren't into that sort of thing you will think it's gross too. Our server was very nice and knew about the Groupon offer, which is something I'm always nervous about.The food was pretty good. We both got the strip steaks and while they definitely weren't the best (or largest) steaks I've ever had, they weren't the worst either. I think if I visited again I would try something else though. Since we used the Groupon I don't wan't to complain too much about the prices. Even though the food wasn't amazing I still feel like I got a good deal. However if I had paid full price and gotten that same steak, I would have felt cheated.Overall we had a really nice time. If I ever see another Groupon for Georgetowne Inn, I'll definitely be grabbing it again.
2	This place was so underwhelming that I don't even remember what I ate here, other than what they presented as a cheese platter. This consisted of sliced muenster cheese, like the stuff you get at the deli counter. That's it. Weird. The view is great though.
2	Service -accommodated our early arrival and wait staff was par and accommodating. View- ExceptionalRest rooms- PoorFood- Bland. I've done better at home w Grilled Salmon- theirs had just a thick yellow sauce and no flavor. No seasoning. Used lemon and salt and pepper to make it palatable.  Only saving grace is that we used a Groupon. I'd have been ill to have paid menu prices. Company was Excellent. Thank you boyfriend for my birthday dinner.
2	You really can't beat the view here, but the food here is relatively average. The price range of $25-35 and nice selection is wasted because the food is simply not that special. All of our entrees were overcooked or undercooked. Cool atmosphere and view, but average food
