5	I'm not going to lie, it looks like a mini Lowes. Its really nice and clean inside. Let alone so much to buy! My wallet was on fire because there is so much I need for when I get my new place. I would definitely recommend people to just check it out.
5	This place is amazing!!! Great home store with literally everything you can imagine-from bedroom furniture to patio to little nick knacks to decorate every corner in your house. It's also very affordable and has many different styles to suit everyone's taste. We met Carol, a sales associate, who was super sweet and she informed us that there's 3 total store in Arizona. Will definitely be back!!
5	Imagine a gigantic Home Goods / Pier 1 / World Market all rolled into one giant warehouse. Sound like heaven to you too? Then check this place out! It's worth the drive out to Arizona Mills to shop here. In fact, I think it's the only reason to go to the mall anymore. At Home is like a membership warehouse without a membership card or fee required.This store is huge and well organized with spacious aisles. They sell everything from furniture, glassware and holiday decorations to rugs, curtains, vases and pillows. If you need something for your house, you should be able to find it here! The pillow selection alone is amazing (something for every style decor). If you need it you most likely will find it here -- as usual, I found plenty of things I didn't even KNOW I needed.Check the in-store sales for even bigger discounts. I snagged a cool tabletop drum set ($19.99 retail) for $5.00!
4	It's been a long time since I've had a real reason to frequent the mall until I walked through the At Home Superstore located at AZ  Mills Mall.  Though I was on a mission to get in and leave quick, I kept getting pulled in all kinds of direction while at the store.  Each aisle had something aesthetically pleasing to the eyes or had something that allures your sense of home decor.  I have to admit that I didn't get the same giddy, goosebump kinda feeling that I get when I walk into Home Goods but it's definitely not a hit or miss kinda of place.  It does have a warehouse feel to it, which mainly means it's overwhelmingly large and impersonal.  Nonetheless, you have to go in there with a game plan or you may end up spending more than your wallet can handle cause the cost of everything is reasonable.  And "reasonable" can be costly. For a store of that magnitude, it was rather empty of crazy-saving shoppers.  I may frequent the mall more often now, but not enough to become a mall rat.
