1	I had a terrible experience at this store.  I had been the the store a couple of times, and it was always a decent haircut, if expensive for having 1-2 inches taken off a simple style.  The last time (and I do mean last time) I was there they misread my haircut from their computer and buzzed a swath of 1/2" long stubble through my hair before I could tell them to stop.  I went to get an inch taken off and thinned, and left with a nearly shaved head on the day before Valentine's day that almost made my fiance cry.  What's worse, there was no manager there, so I had to pay for my ridiculous haircut at the time, even though a manager refunded my money later that day.  Definitely not worth it, I will not be going back.
1	This was a horrible experience.  I have a pretty simple hair cut, but they didn't take any interest in noticing and chopped it way too short.Don't waste your time or money here.
1	The woman who cut my hair was neither friendly, nor was she really that interested in cutting my hair. Maybe she was in a foul mood, maybe it was something I said or did, or maybe she hates her job. It doesn't matter. She did a crappy job in record time. When I asked her to take off a little more in a few places, it was with a huff (remember when Janeane Garofalo asks Paul Rudd to pick up something from the dining hall floor in Wet Hot American Summer? -just like that).  I know you get what you pay for, but I often get haircuts at other cheap places around town that are far better. Also, she didn't really clean off the cut hair from my neck/clothes afterward, so the crappy haircut followed me home and has taken up residence on my car's headrest.I will now probably shell out serious bucks to go to H20 or Ipatsu (both are excellent, but 3x more expensive) to fix it.  I think my stylist at Great Clips was surprised when I tipped her well. I do that sometimes when I am never going to patronize an establishment again, but instead badmouth it on the Internet. The only good thing I can say is that she didn't get all yanky-pully painful with my  hair when she cut it, as sometimes happens with bad stylists.
4	I was in desperate need of a haircut but being a broke college student I didn't want to spend much. I just needed my hair to be thinned out and trimmed, nothing fancy. They did a wonderful job for me! The lady I was receiving a haircut from could tell what had previously been done to my hair (perming, layering, thinning, etc.) and used that as a "map" of what i like. She told me exactly what she was going to do to my hair  and asked me if that was alright with me. If I didn't want something done it was no problem. No complaining or trying to convince me of something I didn't want. She wasn't very talkative. Some people might find this unfriendly but I personally liked. Overall I think the service was good and my hair looks amazing!The only thing I did have a problem with is that I usually like to get my hair professionally washed before a cut. I came into Great Clips expecting that but wasn't extremely disappointed when they didn't provide that service. That's the only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.
1	If a haircut place messes up a "buzz," it's a bad haircut place. Received a very asymmetrical number 2 haircut, really disappointed. I know Great Clips isn't the gold standard, but this one in particular is really bad and a couple dollars more expensive than other locations- $15 for a mediocre haircut. You're better off going somewhere else, my lesson is learned.
