5	Fantastic food, great atmosphere and excellent service! There is an amazing outdoor patio overlooking lush tropical landscaping and the resorts signature tropical pool. Loved the sliding glass doors that brought the outside in. Perfect place to grab a good bite and transport yourself to the tropics. It's like being on vacation. The bartenders are fantastic with 24 beers on tap and the food was great. Love the island ribs and the best hamburgers in the city!
5	Friendly staff, great bar selection & awesome food. Prices are more then reasonable. Locals, discover this gem!
3	Very nice staff and seating area. Two machines and video poker at the bar. All the food I saw go by looked great. My Asian chicken salad looked good but eh on taste. Very bitter greens and cold chicken. The hot wings were moist & good on flavor. Next time I will try the grilled cheese or sandwich. Salad needs work
4	Food tasted excellent especially the seasoned french fries. My children had the hamburgers and my wife and I eat the steak sandwich. My wife's steak was cook medium and it came out medium. I ordered med-rare and got it well-done. I told the server and he replaced it quickly with a positive attitude. I the replaced steak was delicious. I am still happy with restaurant because the problem was taken care of without the server being rude or disrespectful. I would eat there again and recommend it to others.
4	My husband and I dined at 17 South Booze & Bites last week while our stay at the Tahiti Villages in Las Vegas. The restaurant is small, it has a nice outdoor area with TVs although it was way too hot to sit outside and eat. We sat next to the TVs inside away from the traffic of people. When we arrived to the restaurant we were greater right away and told we could sit wherever we would like. A bit confused when we first came in because there is not sign, it was nice that a waiter was there when we arrived. Within minutes we were greeted by our waiter, and were given a menu. Minutes after he arrived to take our order. The Passion Fruit Margarita I got was very good, the Pina Colada my husband got he loved. I order the lettuce cups, no shrimp or chicken (I'm Vegan) they were very very good! I was actually full which was nice. My husband got a burger with fries, I do not remember the name of it but it was rare the way he likes and he absolutely loved it. Overall the experience here was great. The staff was friendly, the prices are on point, the food was delicious, and atmosphere nice, and pretty touristy. The menu is slim so not many choice, but satisfying. I will be returning here in the near future on our upcoming stays.
5	Amazing food and atmosphere. Staff is great and the food is the best in town! Comfortable seating inside if you want to hang out and watch a game, gamble or just enjoy one of the MANY beers on tap. The patio is also a great place to lounge and overlook the lush landscaping and amazing pool.
3	Beautiful patio and the staff was very nice. Menu rather slim and our food was rather bland. Disappointed that they dont give TV owner a discount like Tahiti Joes did. We love the location of this new venue, but a $50+ lunch for two beers and two mediocre plates of food wasn't very appealing to us.
2	I stayed at the resort for 5 days and went here twice. I give it the two stars because the food was decent. It looses the other three because of their 20% automatic gratuity. I don't mind on food so much but on drinks that is ridiculous. The average mixed drink is $9-$11. That means you are tipping $1.80-$2.20 per cocktail. Even worse, their "Happy Hour" which includes some well drinks, domestic drafts and food charges 20% on the full amount before the half off. Basically you can have two cocktails and chicken fingers for $16.00 before tax, not bad right?? Until you see you just had to tip $6.40 or at the rate of 40%. As an owner of this timeshare, I think I have paid enough without being forced to tip more than the average person would. They need to get rid of the automatic gratuity on the alcohol, it is the biggest scam I have ever seen. If you are that desperate for money, charge more for the drinks and food. Just be aware before you go so you don't experience sticker shock. There is not currently a sign posted or a notation on the menu telling you about this. You find out when you get the bill.
2	During our three night stay the first night was pleasant but it went downhill from there.  We are owners at the timeshare where this bar is located in and overall I was disappointed. It's a nice bar with decent food but we are definitely skeptical about the ethics of the staff. No where on the menu or anywhere else do they let you know that gratuity is included in your bill until you're paying the tab. On your final bill they are supposed to stamp in red ink so that you can see the gratuity was included. My friend's bill did not have that stamp and I was distracted and did not see it on mine and we both paid double gratuity. On the third day my husband was playing the poker game at the bar and wanted to cash out. The bartender is the cashier for the machines. The bartender thought my husband was too drunk to notice that he shorted him $40.  A stranger gaming next my husband was nice enough to jump in and back my husband up. In Las Vegas it seems everyone tries to take advantage of you.
5	Very Newplace to grab sometbing too bite!!! People that work here are friendly. Plenty of TVs to watch sport got 2slot machine... food is great came here twice already and the fish and chips are so good.. so ifyour around the area swing by they areopen too public
5	Finally got to try the nachos and they were yummy! The ribs with waffle fries is a must! Waffle fries were well done and crunchy and the rib sauce was finger-lickin' good! Lovely restaurant in Tahiti Village with great food and great prices. We sat ourselves and had to ask for a server, but no biggie. All in all, definitely recommended! Oh, and 20% gratuity included in all bills.
4	Good food, nice server-- prompt with refills. I had a chicken quesadilla, my husband had a pizza. Both meals were decent sized (we had leftovers) and tasted great. We would definitely head back here for a bite. One thing to note-- the gratuity is included in your check (20%).
5	OMG.  My lunch was so fresh and delicious.   Def will be back.  Check it outWe also had a delicious chocolate cake.  Locals....lots of specials
1	BEWARE!!!!! This place has crappy service since they know that they AUTOMATICALLY get 20% gratuity.  I was ready to leave my generous 10% tip after they ignored me a few times when I know the waitress saw and heard me call for her. This really irritates me. There was only 1 waitress and the restaurant was understaffed. AND knowing this it upsets me that they have it in the tiniest print that there is an automatic 20% gratuity...
2	This place has potential.  It's in a nice resort and the space is nice with a bar and a patio.  We came here twice while staying at the resort.  It's a "family resort" so I was suprised to learn that they do not have a kids menu. The regular menu pretty much reads like a kids menu- Chicken strips, cheese pizza, etc...so maybe that's why they don't have one.  The menu here is pretty limited and it's basic bar-type food.  I got the burger with bleu cheese and carmelized onion and it was pretty good. My husband got a pizza and he said it was just OK.  The next time we tried it we ordered food to take to our suite. I ordered our food, a burger and a club sandwhich with avocado and no mayo on anything and 2 side salads with dressng on the side; and sat in the bar while I waited. The waitress came out twice after taking my order to confirm it since she didn't write it down. That was fine with me.  I was glad she was so determined to ensure everything was right. However, when I got back to the room, there was mayo on everything and dressing all over one salad and no dressing on he other, not even on the side. Boo.
