4	I don't have much to say about a visit to the Optometrist. I can only give them good reviews based on their service. Dr. Bailey is very nice. Her staff is also nice and knowledgeable. They don't have a huge selection, but a good variety of frames to choose from. Anything they don't have in stock, they will order for ya. I ordered two pairs of glasses and am completely satisfied. They made sure I liked the frames and made sure they fit instead if blindly selling me any frames I felt looked good. Before coming here, I thought glasses were glasses. I didn't know there was sizing and that it affected comfort. None of my previous optometrists have ever explained that to me. Any sort of Dr visit seems to be a chore, but the staff here is very pleasant and make good conversation.
4	I originally chose this office for my contact exam as it's very close to my home. Overall I was really pleased with my visit. Every staff member is very nice and they have a decent selection of frames. Dr. Bailey is very knowledgable and is easy to talk to about your eye needs. Don't be too deceived by the exterior - it's a nice office!
5	5 Stars!! I picked up my last pair yesterday, so within 4 visits in 5 months, each visit has been personable and pleasant.  1. They went WAY out of their way to order these frames. Although they were specially ordered for me, they made absolutely sure I wanted them before making me buy them.2. They fitted my glasses to the T.  Not loose, not tight, but perfect. Never have I gotten such "custom" fit glasses3. Nifty carrying bag made from recycled paper with conservation tips and such. An extra cloth wipe with special cleaning spray. 4. And finally, in all my years of wearing glasses, I've never received 1, 2 or 3 from any previous optometrists.
5	Someone recommended Eye Care Center to me on Twitter, and it's very convenient to my husband's office, so I made an appointment. My insurance is confusing, but right when I got to my appointment, the receptionist got on the phone with the insurance company and made sure everything was straightened out. The staff was very nice to me, and made me feel comfortable even on my first visit. Dr. Bailey explained everything so clearly to me and I felt like she really listened. Then, she went above and beyond to make sure I knew about rebates for my contact brand, and how to save money with my prescription drops as well. I highly recommend Dr. Bailey and Eye Care Center.
3	This is where I go to get my contacts.  The people seem pretty friendly and when I left, I was able to see....which is good.  The disappointment comes when you get your bill.  But going to any doctor is not healthy for your wallet.I would recommend this place for getting an eye exam and some contacts/glasses.
5	Public enemy number one: the air puff machine. It wins every time. Some days it wins more than once. Sometimes up to six times. Yes, I know it's just a puff of air... I just can't seem to keep my eyes open for it. Call me Blinky I guess. After a few years of trying out different eye doctors, I finally found this place and will not go anywhere else. The entire staff here is so friendly... even if we have to do the air puff machine a half dozen times.I haven't gotten new glasses in seven years, so I can't vouch right now about frame selection. I go once a year for an exam and to order contacts. I have VSP insurance and they take that here. Makes the out of pocket minimal.The exam is thorough and painless. They will explain everything to you and answer all your questions. Don't want to be dilated all day? They have a machine that can scan your eye. It costs about $30 more, but it is so worth it in my opinion. Plus, they'll let you look at the pics and you can see your optic nerve. Don't be like me though... I freaked out over these weird black lines. Turns out they were my eyelashes. Hey, I'm not an eye doctor.Added bonus: On Fridays, they all wear Panthers gear! Rarrrrrrrrr.
5	Cleaned and repaired my glasses for free. Took about 10 minutes and did a thorough job. Even gave me a fee bottle of cleaning solution. I didn't even have to buy anything.
5	I've been wearing glasses/contacts for over 20 years and this is by far the best eye doctors and eye care centers I have been to. For starters I was kind of bummed when my husband switched jobs and my former eye doctor did not accept our new vision insurance. I decided to try Eyecare Center since it was walking distance to my home.I knew things were off to a great start when the doctor asked how I felt with my current prescription before changing it. Because my vision is AWFUL (-10.0 in contacts) the doctor ordered two sets of samples for me to try for a month before purchasing them. The samples arrived the next business day so i didn't have to wait to long. Also, I was happy that I wasn't forced to buy new eyeglasses. When I said I didn't want to buy eye glasses the lady just gave me a quote for how much they would cost if I wanted to come back and get them at a later date. I really appreciated that because I hate products being shoved at me. Overall this was a great experience and all of the staff was very friendly.
