4	Was looking for a quick cut and this barbershop was close to my house so I decided to try it out. I went on a Saturday and it was kinda busy waited for about 30 mins which is understandable since it's Saturday. Then finally one of the barbers called me over I told him what I wanted and at the end my haircut looked great . It was perfect and it was the style I was looking for. Total price for a cut is $18 cash only. I will return again.
1	Went for a second time barber messed up my hair from the back it was uneven now it has to grow back so it can look normal again. Plus I was cut badly on the line up and side part on my head. Will never go back. Fix your clippers !!!
1	Funny that the people who work there are the onlys 1s to like this place. They need a 0 star on here some places dont deserve a star. Been in Vegas 9 months had 6 different Barbers most do a good job. I just moved to the neighborhood and thought I would try this place.  Nice inside everything newer. Sit down and hear nothing but bitching about how they need to bring in business from some girl dressed as a guy. Every other word was a curse word and she was cutting some guys hair. Which she went on a rant about her employees and never touched the guys hair for almost 5 minutes. My guy a heavy set guy don't know his name. I get a fohawk which should be a easy cut for him since I got a haircut 3 weeks ago. He trims the backs and sides and doesn't touch the top. Tell him to trim the top when he says he finished. This is the 1st time I been to Barber and they don't razor you. Looked ok when I left because he put a bunch of product in. That I didn't ask for. Ask him I owed him tells me $25. The most I paid so far in Vegas $16 way over priced. That a Fohawk is a designer cut. You our a Barber all your haircuts should be designer cuts. So far after I get a haircut I don't even have to comb my hair for 2-3 weeks. It automatically goes in to a Fohawk. Now I can't even comb my hair. Now I have to gel it down for the 1st time in 9 months have to wait for my hair to grow so another Barber can fix his $25 fuck up. Wouldn't recommend this place for my dog or my worst enemy. Go to Village Barber up the Street that's where I will go back to they did a great job and $16 is what they charge.
4	I have gotten a haircut from most of the barbers that work there, and have yet to be disappointed. Appointments get first priority, but walk-ins are welcome, and get worked in reasonably quickly (at least in my perception). I've always been a walk-in there. I like the service and the results. After finding this place, they've never given me a reason to search elsewhere for a haircut. I've been getting my hair cut there for over three years now.
5	Been going to Lisa for a few years now,since she was at Headhunterz on Eastern/Wigwam. By far the best fade I've ever had,clean environment, good conversations,most importantly everybody is talented with the clippers. If you can afford to spend a little more than at Supercuts you'll be rewarded handsomely.
5	Great place, it's hard to find a good barber in Henderson for black hair, tried two barbers til I found Cut Creatorz for my husband. He loves how they cut his hair and he is supper picky. Place is clean  and friendly!!
1	Went here for the second time today. When I left I got home and noticed this barber cut the back of my hair to look like a arrow. Seriously. I'm a grown man why in the world would I want my fade to come to a point. I shaved my head and pretty much flushed 25$ down the drain. Happy I didn't tip.
1	Went here for a simple job to line up my facial beard.End up in getting a hair cut and my beard lined up.The worst decision I ever took.I had to go home and completely shave off my face as the lines were uneven .As far as the haircut ,I walked inside there with a normal Clark haircut and left with a fucked up mohak .All this mess cost me 40$.This place is a joke.NO RETURN FOR ME
