1	Beware of Realtor Joseph Devera!Joseph Devera is a shady, unreliable, and untrustworthy realtor.If you have a concern of your realtor don't bother calling partner Harvey Blankfeld, clients are NOT there concern.Lastly if you contact CEO Mark Stark he forwards his concerns to managing broker Catherin Bovard.
5	We purchased a property through Prudential a couple years ago. Prudential has nice, upscale offices and seems to support their associates well. We worked with Christina Cova-Simmons and could not be happier with the way everything worked. She is a class act and I look forward to working with her again.
1	I worked with Amanda Young to rent a property from one of her clients and I have had nothing but trouble. It makes me feel uneasy that a realtor who can ignore a water heater leakage into a unit below unti the water damage is so severe it is coming through the electrical sockets still sells houses. Between her and her client that I rent from nothing is ever accomplished. I wouldnt work with a company that employs such people. She is very unprofessional and does not follow through on anything!
5	I didn't know Prudential changes names but we've been working with realtor Mark Bieri for years and he is absolutely fantastic. I don't know about the other realtors there but I can say that he has always been great and willing to do anything I have asked of him. He is soooooo patient with us and not a pushy salesman type realtor. I CAN'T STAND pushy sales people!! I am probably the worst kind of home buyer that a realtor would want to work with. I question everything and want to be shown 10-15 homes every time I make an appointment to go viewing. Over the last 4 years he has shown us approximately 75-100 homes. We've put in offers on 4-5 of them but always got beat out on a cash offer *rolling eyes* Anyways... Mark has always been patient, professional, and quick to respond to all of my calls and emails (and there have been many). I feel guilty that he has yet to make any money from all the work he has done with us over the years but we're still looking and hope one day to close on a house so he can finally get paid, lol.
2	we dealt with the office off the I-215 with Celia it was awful non caring didnt follow thru lost two properties due to her lack of interest so confused it was like being with someone who had demensia   I feel that Coldwell Century 21 the big names are bigger it was so unnecessary depressing    find a advanced realtor who cares
