4	Red@28th bills itself as a multicultural literary lounge, and that's an awkward mouthful, but it's true. There aren't too many places in Charlotte where I've seen such an eclectic crowd, from 20 yo tattoo kids to 60 yo dreadlocked artist types. Swing jazz to alt rock gets play on the speakers, and the hookah is a nice draw, especially in the back room, which is tricked out a bit like an opium den. The place is big enough to host a game of pool while the chess club meets, and patrons can still curl up with a book undisturbed.They've got a decent wine and beer selection, priced just right, and cupcakes if you don't feel like walking across the hall to Amelie's. Check the flatscreens for events like book signings, film screenings, after parties and other fun stuff. I think I've found my CLT hangout.
4	I went to Red at 28th one afternoon for a hookah.  I've only been once, but I will be back.  The hookah was probably the best I've had in Charlotte.  I had the double apple flavor, which is my go-to, standard flavor.  The woman running the counter said it was al fakhar shisha, which in my experience is one of the best brands.  The hookah was just the right temperature and the hose pulled absolutely effortlessly. I can't say what the night crowd is like, but during the day it was exactly what a good hookah hookah bar should be.  Lots of old men playing chess, music playing in the background, relaxing furniture, and a lot of books around.  The drinks were basically self service during the day and not too bad of a price; domestic beers were $3 and imports $4.50, but the hookah was only $13 which is pretty reasonable.
2	To be fair, I went to Red at 28th for a special event, not a regular visit.   Just the same, I was not impressed with what I saw.Tucked behind Amelie's French Bakery, Red at 28th is a hookah lounge and bar.  They advertise themselves as a "multicultural literary lounge," and I'm left wondering what that means.  You can find a selection of well-read books throughout the interior, but nothing that really screamed "multicultural" (though, I wasn't probing).  But it was brightly decorated, had a small stage, spacious bar, and plenty of tables and sofas for hanging out.  The whole place had a trendy feel, without trying too hard to be trendy.  I could see it as a place with a lot of "regulars."But really, it's a hookah lounge and bar.  I know nothing of hookah, so I'll stick to the bar.  It was mediocre.  All their beers were bottled, and all their wines generic.  The snacks they had on the menu (which was a challenge to read) seemed to either be packaged foods you can get at any convenience store, or a few treats possibly from Amelie's next door (I could be wrong on that one, though).The staff seemed hit-or-miss.  I encountered three people working.  The first was pretty nice and conversational.  The second seemed busy at work preparing a hookah.  The third, well, let's just say I've encountered nicer people.All in all, it seemed fairly okay for what it was.  If I end up there again with a friend, fine, but since I don't live on that side of town, I'm not really going to go out of my way to visit Red at 28th.
4	Hookah is the best in the Clt. Seems to be a student hang out nothing wrong with that. I came here for the hookah and my experience and drinking experience was great. Prices are cheap too compared to Crave. Definitely will be back
2	Hookah lounges aren't really my favorite, but the other evening I was out celebrating with a bunch of people who love it, so we ended up at Red.. for me, mixed feelings overall.We arrived and there was already a wait for hookahs, and since there is a maximum of three people per (without paying an additional charge) we ordered two. After about fifteen minutes the first one arrived and my first thought was wow, this is tiny compared to any other one I've seen (but what do I know). So, we were left with one hookah and three tips at a table of seven for about thirty minutes. Finally we could grab someones attention and she mentioned there was still a wait for the second, well great - mind if we get at least a few more tips in the process? It's not like we're trying to be cheap here, but this isn't really fair. We eventually did, and after receiving the second one eventually got someone to bring us new coals (I believe two or three are included the initial fee). A fairly constant stream of comments regarding the lack of potency, hookah size, coals, etc continued from those that are big fans of the activity, but I have very little to compare it to.At the bar area there were two girls. One was there to take/make drink orders, and the other was there for hookah orders, and even though they kept crossing over each other behind the bar they made it abundantly clear they knew nothing about the other person's job (so why do you keep switching places??) The woman knew her hookah, no doubt, and if she had the time I'm sure she would have loved to go into detail about all the products they offer... but the bartender was a little green. (I believe they just added the liquor part) She not only was unsure if they carried a beer that is clearly listed on the board behind her, and happened to be pictured on every table's specials sign (one of the guys had to describe the color and the writing on the can so she could find it in their fridge... yes, a normal household fridge) and then made it very obvious she was hoping we wouldn't want ice in our mixed drinks... um, is it really too much to ask? Also, I haven't seen anyone measure a pour in a long time, but she did. There's a jukebox, a pool table, an assortment of books, lots of seating (apparently really nice set-ups with tapestries in the back), some table games, and apparently they have DJs stop in weekly... but overall its a little too college-y and a little too not my thing. But if you're looking for okay hookah in Charlotte, give it a whirl! (I was just happy I could pick up some breakfast from Amelie's on the way out)
2	This is an unusual place which is good and bad. It's part bar / bookstore / hookah / whatever else happens to be going on. I went there just to hang out and it's a good thing I wasn't too hungry. I bought one of the pre-packaged sandwiches and it was quite old. The beer and wine selections are quite limited. The hookah is the draw.If you're in the area, this isn't a bad place to drop by and see what (if anything) is happening. Otherwise, it's not worth the drive.
4	First off, if you are using an iphone to find this place you might miss it. Its not on 33rd, but rather on 28th (as the name suggest).This place is very cool, free flowing, chill joint with a feel that is opposite of Crave. Crave is not bad, but its very "chic" if you can call it that, and Red at 28 is more like a relaxed local coffee joint. The service was not bad, but it was difficult to identify who was actually working there. I went there on a Tuesday night and stayed there until 12AM. I was happy with the service and hookah. I wish I could go there again, it brings something different to Charlotte.
4	This place is across from Amelies.. stopped by Amelies first and got some snackies to take with me. The hookah was real good, fruity flavor. When I was there, it was kinda empty. This place needs to find it's image. It looks cross between a library, someone's den, and someone's man cave. There is also a really strange red room in the back that was dimly lit that had some glassy-eyed drunkies.....scurred me. Overall I had a good time smoking some hookah and watching a game on the tv. The only drawback is that the only music that plays is from a jukebox ($1 for 2 songs). They have a house stereo but it's kinda shitty and doesn't play loud. I would definitely come here again with some friends to shoot the shit and smoke some hookah
3	We have been to Red several times and the only word to describe this place is "eclectic".  Now this word cannot be thrown around on a whim as there can be both a positive and negative version...as for Red...it is definitely positive.Unlike most hookah bars in and around the Queen City, Red is absolutely the type of atmosphere that provides a place for everyone to feel comfortable to hookah.  There is a sketchy back room that I've peeked into a few times only to find very intoxicated individuals that may have indulged in more than tobacco. To each their own. Moving on to the fantastic parts of Red: the quality of the hookah, incredible wine specials, a jukebox that accepts credit cards (dangerous), and great design.  Almost every night I've been we have been able to get a bottle of red wine for $15.  Is it the fanciest wine you will ever drink?  No, it's actually probably one of the cheapest you will drink. But that's neither here nor there...it's cheap wine and perfect for hookah.  The next huge plus (and perhaps the most important) is the quality of the actual hookah.  They have a huge variety of different flavors, and if you know the right people you can partake in some of the coolest combinations I've ever had.  There is constant coal service and the hookah lasts forever...without losing flavor or intensity.  The quality is one of the best in Charlotte (and I've searched far and wide).  If you have not smoked hookah before or are bringing along a beginner, Red is the perfect place to get great flavor for the newbies and high quality for the more experienced. Lastly, one of the best parts of Red is the actual design and decoration of the facility.  Some may view it as a confused or cluttered look...and I would think they are crazy.  It is mix between retro, hipster (yes I said it), and stoner.  There is tons of antique furniture and different styles of seating from retro 1950's kitchen tables to french antique sofas and chairs.  Another incredible part is the massive amount of books featured throughout Red.  Old books, new books, fiction, non-fiction, and beyond.  Throw in the board games scattered about the place and you have everything you need for a long, entertaining evening with friends in a relaxed atmosphere. Is this the ritzy, trendy hookah bar common of Uptown?  No...and that is probably my favorite part.  If you need a comfortable night out wth friends or even care to venture out alone to partake in hookah and catch up on your reading...Red is hands down the place you need to go.
2	Extremely disappointed! Came here on a Thursday night around 11 before hitting the club. Their ventilation is awful! All you see is thick smoke but i still wanted to give it a shot because I wanted to check out the layout (very artsy). Stood next to the sign to get waited on and the hostess looked at me and my friend and walked away without saying anything (we looked pretty obvious that we needed service). We waited about 8minutes (couldn't identify any other staff after asking around) and went to Crave instead.
1	I happened upon this place after waiting at Amelie's for a friend who had to cancel.  I saw the sign "Red" and descriptive words, such as literary and food.  I was intrigued, not only as a person who was starving, but one who has appreciation for books.  The entrance was not welcoming.  For one, there was a sign that screamed "surveillance camera."  The folding chairs jammed together at the front entrance gave the impression that this place was either closed or not ready for business.  But, the door was unlocked, and I entered.  The room was empty except for a lone woman working the bar.  Me, being the friendly person that I am, called out, "hello!  What is this place?"  The woman, who had less personality than a lug nut with heavy eyeliner said, "it's a bar."  As if I didn't know that.  After all, there was a bar in the place.  There were book cases against the wall with books that appeared to be for decoration.  And, shockers!  In a place that touted itself as literary, there was a huge TV.  Reading with Jerry Springer blaring in the foreground?  I think not.  But, back to being hungry.  The sign said "food", but our anti sparkle barmaid said there was none.  I proceeded to chat with her (why, I don't know.....oh yeah, I am friendly) regarding a similar concept bar in Asheville.  It was a monologue actually.  She probably wanted to get back to that book she reading on the sly.....no, that's a stretch.  Well, I thought the name "Red" had to do with books.  Now, I am sure that it has to do with necks.
1	If I didn't have to I wouldn't even give one star. HORRIBLE SERVICE! I've never left a review but I'm sitting her for the past hour waiting for a coal. This is my second time here and we came back because we had a good experience the first time. Our waitress hasn't checked up on us even though we went up to her asking for a coal after mean mugging her for 20 mins. Pathetic. After waiting an hour we got up to pay and didn't even finish our hookah. Confronted the waitress and she has the audacity to say "I'm sorry I didn't know!" Asked to talk to the manager and he wouldn't even talk to us and chose to talk to the waitress instead. No compensation for the poor service or not being able to smoke what we paid for. Manager was a guy named Vince or Vincent. Let's just say if you're expecting to be respected and to receive the service you're paying for DO NOT GO HERE! I can pay the same price or lower and receive higher quality hookah and service at many other locations in the Charlotte area.
1	My wife and I went to checkout this place last night to try their hookah(despite the poor reviews).  Interesting concept, but poorly executed.  Young, college-aged crowd, terrible service, cheap decor and furniture....and a serious I don't give a F$@%k attitude from all the people who worked there.  We stayed about 20 mins waiting for service and finally walked out.Not a place I'd revisit or recommend.
2	Yo! Dis place be needin' mo' couches, you know what I'm saaaaayin? I mean like its cool n all, but dayum these chairs be maaaaad uncomfy yo.Hook me up with some comfy couches and I'm all over this joint. They got some mad good books up in here, like the biography of Danica Patrick - that dope NASCAR girl. Yeah man, this place tight.But bring a cushion, cuz those chairs be hella no good. And don't bring a large group... they'll make you squish.
5	This was my first time going to reds and I absolutely loved it. The atmosphere is amazing and it's a great place to go chill. The only thing that I would say is that they need some more chairs and maybe some up to date music
3	Visited here again and had a much better experience. Hookah was reasonably priced in comparison to competitors but remember that you get what you pay for. We got pineapple and it was good but nothing special. Pros: -Lillie, our server was very attentive -Cool, Hipster Atmosphere/Diverse -Daily drink specials Cons:-Little walking space in main/front room-poor ventilation in front room -some patrons loud and obnoxious
4	Hoookahhhhhh. I've been here twice, and what can I say? It's mostly a dense smokey aroma of hookahs and people hanging out. Great if you have a table, not so great if you dont. So I'll break down my visits.First time:Got a table. Not bad. Relaxing. Played some UNO with my friends and just chilled out. Hookah is definitely relaxing, and I have to say it's a guilty pleasure of mine. There's plenty of things to do here. I saw people reading. People talking. People playing pool. People doing homework. So, possibilities are endless. Definitely a place to chill out though.Second time:Didn't get a table. A little sucky. However, we sat at a bar and ordered a Hookah. Staff is really nice and we got serviced really well. Started messing with the Jukebox that they have. I think the best part of messing with the jukebox, which you can request songs on your phone, that you have the ability to get everyone going crazy about a song. And yes. I'm going to brag and say that I did that very thing. It's funny because I played one of my childhood songs and well, the rest is history.In conclusion. This place, is pretty awesome. Drinks, are a little meh. But if I were to go for drinks then I would be disappointed. However, the atmosphere, the hookah, and just relaxing. Yes. I'll most likely be back if my guilty pleasure arises when I'm in town.
3	I have only been here once! But I was definitely impressed. It gets really crowded, but as long as you get there early and find a table, you will be good! Awesome music playing, and a very relaxing vibe if you came with the right people. Only thing I don't particularly like is that they charge for extra coals now, when they didn't do that before. The staff is pretty cool though, very caring and good about checking up on their guests without being overbearing.
5	I've been there and enjoyed the place, I wanna tr t an get there when there's not so many people I hear it's hard it's always packed. I'll definitely recommend this spot to others because my husband and I really enjoyed the place
5	I have been to many hookah bars/lounges and none of them compare to Red @28th. My first visit was January 2012 and from the first moment of being greeted by the staff I felt right at home. They treated me like they've known me for years. The atmosphere is laid back during the early evenings where you can bring your laptop and do homework, read and even take a nap. At night this is one of THE places to be, great music, incredible drink specials and if you are into it amazing games of pool. If you have never been here before you are seriously missing out on a great time. DON'T FORGET if it is your birthday let the staff know and you get one of the best collaborative "Happy Birthday" songs sang to you. Last but not least every night has a different theme night. With all if that said I definitely give this place a 5 ratings.
5	I've been to Red@28 and every time I've gone there its always busy there. The staff is cool and very knowledgeable about the recommendations of the hookah to try. They have security there and you always feel safe there. A lot of times it's hard to find a place to sit do to it being packed but over all a good spot. I never knew there was a spot you can goto and really enjoy yourself without doing the club scene. I've been to other hookah spots and and there no way close to the vibe you feel here
3	The prices are ok. The service sucks. We ordered a beer and never got it. But I see the server running around taking care of other tables or having personal conversations. Not a good experience for the first time. Plus there is no food. They couldn't even make a liquid marijuana because the bartender didnt arrive yet. Just sad.
3	There are a few places that i come for hookah.  This place is very convenient for hookah because its right outside of amilie's french bakery! I have not seen this place where it is not crowded.  I say the hookah prices here are very reasonable for the amount of choices you can get.  Don' be sketched out by this place as it is a little older than others but this place is still very friendly.This place has a dim setting with pool tables and tables.  Its a nice place to chill with your friends in a chill environment.  I believe there are special ddays where hookahs are discounted but i do not remember which days.  The employees are fairly nice as they are very helpful.  There isn't much space in this place so do come here first to grab your table.  If you do end up waiting, it won't be for too long as it clears up pretty quickly.I probably come to this hookah place the most because it is very convenient and on the cheaper side of things.
2	Ratchet with a capital R.This place actually used to be pretty chill.When I was in college, they had cheaper hookah, cheap drinks, board games, and the owner was friendly. It was never super crowded, but not dead either.The back room was a private and semi-peaceful place to smoke and converse with friends.But then summer of 2012 happened. I don't know how it happened, but this place had an underaged ghetto revival.Anybody who was anybody and under age 20, decided that reds was the place to be, even though they weren't old enough to purchase the alcohol. But they could smoke hookah, and oh, the hookah did they smoke. Reds was no longer a chill place for a 20-something to have a relaxing night with friends, but it became a hotspot for the hyper, rowdy, and jobless late teenaged punk.So, if you're into craziness sans liquor, reds is for you. I need a few shots before going here.I've moved on to bigger and better hookah bars. I suggest crave if you're looking for upscale, and casablanca cafe in university if you're looking for a quieter, more mature crowd.
2	Standard hookah bar. Crowded. Looked like they had picked up random pieces of furniture from Goodwill that I was afraid of getting bedbugs from.
1	Ok
