5	This has become my go-to lunch spot.  The salad toppings are always fresh and varied, the falafel is great and the prices can't be beat for a healthy, quick meal.  The staff is super friendly, too!  They usually have samples of their yummy smoothies out on the counter for customers to try which is a nice touch while you're paying your bill.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat downtown during school. Their salads are huge and super affordable. One with chicken is only $7. They also make smoothies that are all fruit for $5. The people that work there are super friendly and are always quick to give you their recommendations. It's in a great location and is very accessible for students. Because of that and the great food and prices, I will definitely be coming back here often during the semester.
5	Love this place hope to see more through the valley.  I can walk in and get one dish and be happy and satisfied through the day.  I really like this place
4	I love to make a build-your-own salad in between classes. They aren't usually cheap, but it's plenty of food to keep me going through the rest of the day. I was sad they didn't have their Italian dressing last time, but their house dressing is really good. It's a twist on balsamic vinaigrette, but much better! One suggestion to have coupons in the ASU Coupon Book!!
4	Downtown Phoenix was in desperate need of exactly this place - fresh vegetable juices, smoothies, build-your-own salads -  My personal fave is the option to add grilled shrimp... YUM!  Oh and the carrot, ginger, lime, kale juice is great too!The delivery service (on bright green bikes!), is speedy and environmentally friendly.  I love that on busy days at work, I don't even have to leave my desk to get a delicious and nutritious "bowl of greens"!
4	I love this place. My only complaint is that its technically within walking distance from work for me.. but NOT in the summer, and parking stinks. So, I would probably go here every day if it were winter.It is a bit too expensive. A salad comes out to just 2 or 3 dollars more than I feel is fair, but there isn't anything else like it in the area so I guess they have a monopoly.And their "house" balsamic is to die for. Whatever spices/herbs they mix in make it the best I have ever tasted. And they have pepitas as a topping which is great. It's not worth the 75 cents extra, especially considering its not a perishable product so the upcharge is pretty ridiculous. So, if you don't mind paying a bit extra and finding a street parking space or walking in the summer heat, the food itself is delicious and the hummus is nice.
4	First time here I ordered the chicken kabob entree.  The service was very slow, not sure if it was just a bad day for them but I was waiting a pretty long time for my order.  The food was excellent though so I am willing to give it another go around!
4	Build your own salad - yum! Fresh juice - yum! Amazing kabobs! Going to try the mediterranean platter next time. I'm sure it will be amazing. Great service. Delivery on bike to downtown - so if you work downtown call and they'll deliver! Don't drive here ... no good parking available. ASU students stop here for a quick HEALTHY bite instead of traditional fast food.
5	LOVE this place. Everything is so fresh. I had the falafel sandwich which was amazing and my husband had the salmon entree. He loved his meal as well. So many options to build your own salad and you can also have fresh squeezed juice made with your choice I ingredients. So much better than many if the other "fast" food places downtown. I highly recommend Bowl of Greens and will be back again and again. Owner and staff are  wonderful and very friendly.
5	I love this place. The owner is incredibly friendly and it's a great place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown. The food is always fresh, delicious, and healthy. They deserve your business, so give them a shot!
5	I love me some veggies!As a downtown ASU student I seem to always be in a hurry, and thankfully Bowl of Greens has saved me from starvation on multiple occasions. It's conveniently located right next to the Croknite building. My favorite from them are their juices. They have a large selection of different veggies and fruits to choose from. I've also tried their oven roasted veggies, chicken, and grilled red peppers...so delicious! On top of all the options that they offer, the owner is exceptionally nice and always very courteous.
4	It is nice to have a place within walking distance of my office for fresh and healthy food. I have had the the grilled chicken pita sandwich which is outstanding. The grilled salmon salad with red peppers and the house dressing is very good also. The prices are very reasonable and it does not take long to get your food. A very nice change of pace to the normal lunch options.
3	I have been to bowl of greens many times since I work nearby.The food is always fresh, crisp, and quickly made (although the majority of the food does sit out similar to cafeteria style).  They have a relatively extensive selection of salad ingredients to create your own salad.  Or you can order one of the many sandwiches pitas such as Chicken & Hummus.Prices are pretty reasonable (think $6-10 for salad/sandwich/entree) although portion sizes aren't that big or anything.The more I have gone here the more average it seems but it is still a decent place to grab a light and healthy lunch with a slight Mediterranean twist, particularly since there aren't many places like this downtown.
4	I am so happy to have a place to get fresh juice! They also deliver to businesses downtown.
4	I've been here a number of times now and have been satisfied every time. I always get a custom salad, and they have pretty good choices for regular and premium add-ons. I usually get the spinach with black beans, red onion, red pepper, and mushrooms. I add avocado, and just get their house vinaigrette. It's nothing special, but the ingredients have always been (and tasted) fresh and crisp. They also give a very generous portion of avocado, which I really enjoy. It's nice to have this option around campus. Sure, there are some great restaurants around, but as far as fast food goes, nothing else very healthy is nearby. I'll be going back.
4	I went here not expecting much. TALK ABOUT FANTASTIC. Literally the best salad place in the central Phoenix area. LOVE IT... LOVE. BTW.. try some of the grilled veggies... pleasant surprise. We will probably be back once a week.
5	I've been going to ASU downtown for over a year but just tried this for the first time. While I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, I got it! The grilled chicken Caesar salad was DELISH. The chicken was flavored to perfection and was juicy, not dry like a lot of places can be. Because it's located on our campus, I wish the prices were lower for us broke college kids but you can't really complain when you get quality like this. The staff was also very nice and they had fun music playing. I will be frequenting this place more often now that I know what they have to offer. I'm excited to try their fresh smoothies and hummus next time! -My only qualm with this place would be the to-go boxes. They're cute and convenient, until you go to eat out of it. Then the flaps get in the way. Not a huge deal though.
5	I have been meaning to write a review for a while on this terrific place. We originally discovered this by doing a search for healthy places to eat around downtown. We live a few miles away however this is worth the effort. We have made the trip several times since discovering it and found each time that the food and service are outstanding. The food if fresh and made to order. The salads are wonderfully prepared. There have never been any issues with slight adjustments to the sandwiches that my sons order. Kid can be a little picky at time. The fresh pita chips are some of the best around. My boys will take those over chips and we are always buying a couple extra bags to take home. The smoothies are my boy's favorites. I also wanted to take time to recognize the owner. Each time we have come in he has always greeted us. He takes the time to get to know you and make you feel welcome. He is very hands on and does get behind the counter to assist and make sure that your experience is the best possible. I have seen a couple of the same employees there on multiple visits which is also a good sign.Fresh food, great smoothies, outstanding service.  This is worth the trip or if you are already downtown make sure to stop by.
5	I've been working in the area for over a year but just tried this place for the first time today. I had thought they were just a salad place; I was sorely mistaken! They have sandwiches, pastas, smoothies, and breakfast in addition to build-your-own salads. I purchased a sandwich for lunch and was satisfied. Tasty, fresh, and healthy! I'll definitely be stopping by again this month for more tasty lunches.Oh, and, the pita chips are AMAZING.
5	While my initial visits could be influenced by its location across from my office, the great food, prices, and service have made me a regular customer. They have great salads, sandwiches, and other Mediterranean options. During a particularly busy lunch rush my order got momentarily lost in the shuffle; the owner got me my order immediately and gave a complimentary drink.
5	I work at ASU-Downtown, and whenever I wake up too late for breakfast or forget my lunch, my go-to restaurant is Bowl of Greens. BOG is a healthy, whole-food, green, & on-the-go concept restaurant. I've recommended it to campus visitors, too, who were very happy with the selection. I've enjoyed breakfast and lunch/supper items as well as coffee, tea, and smoothies. The smoothies are fresh and made from real ingredients. A list of ingredients is provided at the counter, so you can judge how thick it will be. If you don't get it made with yogurt or powders, it will be thinner, but it is still a smoothie. You pay a bit more for the convenience of the location and the freshness of the real food, but it's worth it! It could be argued that BOG is over priced, but you're paying for whole food, speed, and convenience of location. This is not your SAD (Standard American Diet) kind of place with SAD proportions.Personally, I enjoy the Spinach Mango smoothie with whey protein; Mocha Smoothie with peanut butter or whey protein; and the arugula salad add chicken and goat cheese, substitute with BOG dressing. The roasted veggies are great, too. Regarding the the negative reviews for BOG, be sure you read between the lines of the text and view their photos. Seriously! Ha!
4	As the only truly healthy option in downtown Phoenix I have to give them props. They have a lot of fresh ingredients to build your own salad. They also have warm Mediterranean dishes and a few Italian options as well, in addition to smoothies.The staff are very nice and I will say that they place nice, relaxing music for all us stressed out students.It is a bit on the pricey side and it occurs to me that I could put together the same thing if I weren't so lazy.That said, it's nice to have a healthy option downtown.
1	Another bad place..but it was more likely my bad choice. The veggie delight was a very undelightful mix of mozzarella,  lettuce and roasted red peppers and sun dried tomatoes that nearly cut my mouth. The pita bread broke apart while eating spilling all the nasty ingredients onto the unclean table and there were flies hanging out all over the joint as well. Too many choices of bad stuff and why is the counter guy handing me samples with his tongs straight onto my hand? College kids probably like this place..but any adult should know better and try a real restaurant.
5	Was craving a salad found this place in yelp it is amazing!!! Great food and customer service!!
4	4 stars. Clean. Fast. Fresh. The smoothies were good, and all of the food was cooked well. We got the chicken kebabs and a few salads. The kebabs were really good, and only took a few minutes. Tzeziki (sorry for the misspell) dressing was good as well.
3	Let me start by saying, I love this place! It's close to my office, the food is great and there is an ASU visitor lot next door. You can park there and as long as you take less than 15mins. it's free.The food is delicious. It's fresh made and the ingredients are top quality. I always get the #3 Mozzarella Salad + Grilled Chicken and Spring Greens. The space is small but they make good use of it and have a fairly structured line. The overall cost varies based on what you are getting. My average lunch runs about $12. You can easily get something much less expensive or more expensive. I know you are wondering why I gave them 3 stars. In my experience ... every time I have ordered in person or called in, there is something off about my order. Usually phone orders are worse. Today for example ... I called in an order for an office mate and I, and went to pick it up. Before getting off the phone I had the gentleman taking the order read it back to me. He had the orders correct, but when arriving to pick them up, he had made both salads identical to one another. Whoever made the salad completely missed the mark and didn't pay attention to my order. I saw the ticket and everything appeared to be correct on the order slip. I'm not sure what happened here ... My guess ... It does appear that many times things can be a bit chaotic behind the counter and the organization can be a bit lacking. I figure two separate employees worked on the order and became confused about which order they were to make. Additionally, the young man that rings you up is always confused but tries to be helpful. If BOG can work on their organization I'm certain the ordering issues would be fixed. With that said, the owner/manager is always eager to correct the issues and tries to make it right. My order was still not 100% correct today but I didn't realize this until it was too late and I was back at the office. I look forward to these issues getting smoothed out. I don't think the establishment has been open that long. And these issues won't keep me from coming back... I'll just keep checking behind them until I see the problems fixed over a consistent period of time. Once they do fix these issues, I look forward to editing my review!
4	Being one of very few spots that seems to cater to people who want to eat a salad; with the competition being places like Whole Foods and AJ's salad bars, you've got to give this place their just desserts. (hah, if only I could just get desserts right now, that would be awesome.)I'm kind of glad I didn't review this place my first time through a year or so ago. I didn't quite put together the tastiest of salads that time through, but I decided I'd give them another try, I have been watching my figure the last few weeks and this was just the type of spot I wanted for lunch. I threw together a salad with spinach and mixed greens, popped on some jalepenos, broccoli, cauliflower, cucumber, sun dried tomatos, grilled chicken and topped (lightly) with their house dressing. My combination of veggies and dressing was good this time around and everything tasted fresh, just the way a salad should. No pre made mixtures sitting all day here.Not exactly a build it yourself, but you tell em what you want, they throw it together, then they toss your salad and away you go. They've got some tasty (looking, all I was here for was a salad) Mediterranean food available too, dolma, falafel, etc. I was feening for some of that delicious looking grilled (or fried, not sure exactly) cauliflower, but I stuck to just a salad this time around. Oh grilled cauliflower, you will be mine, oh yes, you will be mine. I guess I'll have to update my review after I finally come back around for you.They had a smoothie bar there too; I didn't partake, with a bunch of fresh fruits and juices at their disposal. I imagine it's kinda hard to mess up a smoothly too badly.They're located in the ASU downtown campus building at Fillmore and Central avenue; no need to enter the building, find em on the Central ave side. Parking isn't terrible for those of you who are driving down here. Find a metered spot, spend the $1.50 for the hour and enjoy your lunch. Hey, these meters accept cards now!Happy Yelping Phoenix, enjoy your freshly tossed salad ;-)
5	There are virtually no complaints from myself and friends when it comes to Bowl of Greens. The staff is incredibly friendly, attentive, and willing to make you something new if you are not satisfied with your order. (This only happened once to me, but it was truly because of personal preference, not the quality of the dish.)The food prices are reasonable-especially for a college student.The pita chips and hummus are the best I have ever had! The smoothies are a little price-y (~$5) but very much so worth it if you are craving one! They're freshly blended and healthy, too as an added bonus.I feel full and satisfied every time I leave!
4	Can't believe I have slacked on this review for so long...shame on me!This place is great. I've been here several times. Sometimes for just a fresh squeezed juice or for a wrap & sometimes for both. I always leave super happy with whatever I purchase. I work downtown so I call or order my items on line first and go walk and pick it up. It's always ready when they say it will be. Veggies, hummus, salads, wraps, pizzas.. get creative..everything is delicious!The energizer fresh squeezed juice is my fav as well.
