5	Excellent food and nice atmosphere.  Love having this in Fountain Hills.  We had a group there Friday night and it was great.  The steak, coconut shrimp and Alfredo were out of this world.  Extremely friendly and Tommy Holloway singing was a huge bonus.  Loved it and going back for New Year's Eve.
5	We are so excited to finally get a GREAT steak place in town!! With hormone free, antibiotic free meat. So yummy and great atmosphere. Thanks for opening in small town Fountain Hills - we will be eating here a lot! Yum! Jill H.
3	we tried this place and it was ok. My girlfriend enjoyed the ny steak. I ordered the porterhouse. it was very dry and unseasoned. For a 30 dollar steak I wasn't impressed. our waitress was very nice but not fully trained. I'm willing to give it one more try because I live in town and was really excited to have a steak house in town.. hopefully they work out the kinks. .
5	Really nice place with really good steaks.  We had the NY strip and the steaks were outstanding.  Dinner came with a salad and nice side.  The trio that was singing made it a great environment.  Highly recommended!
3	Went there Friday with another couple for a steak dinner. The service and food were average. The prices seemed high for the area. I think the owner is going to have to do something to enhance the decor and dining experience. Happy hour ended at 5:30 and the Happy hour prices are not anything special. Would suggest if you want a good steak you go to Scottsdale.
3	Tried them for happy hour last night.  Attempted to order one of the " special drinks" they describe on their own website-- their version of a Harvey Wallbanger.  The bartender had no idea what I was talking about.  I described the ingredients, and he said he would make it if he could find the ingredients.  He could not. After being open this long, they should have their act together.I wish them good luck, as Fountain Hills is a great market, but has more experienced and sophistated customers.
3	This place is okay.  Nice decor.  Nice entertainment. The food is okay but the steak is not super.  We are a little prejudiced as we come from Alberta beef country & it is pretty hard to beat Alberta beef. The steak was okay but not great.  I hope that it makes out though because Fountain Hills can use the different restaurant.  Will try it again.
5	Last nite was awesome.   Steaks are some of the best; for sure the best in Fountain Hills.  Both Tommy and Dave (looks & sounds like Kenny Roger) were on stage together.  Another lady also got up and sang.  She was pretty good too.  Waiter (Daniel) was terrific and made sure everything was perfect.   If you want excellent food and lots of great music fun, you will not be disappointed.
4	I think this restaurant is a wonderful addition to Fountain Hills.  We went on a Sunday night with another couple.  We all agreed that the food was terrific, the portions large, and the service very accommodating.
3	Entries are about $30.  I ordered a manhattan which was weak and was the start of a disappointing evening.  The steak was ordered medium rare and was medium.  Vegetables were over cooked.  Interior of the restaurant was nicely done and not crowded.  Overall to much money for the experience.  Three stars is a bit generous.
3	This place is OK but I feel bad as I don't think it will make it through the summer unless they do a good lunch business,  It was a rainy night but when we arrived (Saturday) the place was empty Of course AZ people are intimidated by stuff falling out of the sky and will stay home rather than get wet.  As they are bad enough drivers on dry sunny days, that is probably for the best.  But I regress..  The wait staff was nice but not terribly competent.  The food was OK but not really anything special.  I really would like to see more places make it in Fountain Hills, and I wish I could say it was stellar and tell everyone to go, but it just isn't.  It is pleasantly decorated, nice large bar, but only passable food.  My salmon was so dull you could have fed it to a 2 year old, and hsb steak was OK but not Flemings quality for sure.I wish them well and hope they do OK, but as cheap as most of the seniors are here, I am not terribly optimistic.
1	Way overpriced for a less than average meal. I ordered the steak special, at $20. it was very disappointing.   Decor, service, noise level were all good but the meal killed it for me. I was not impressed, we won't be back ..
5	We have eaten here three times over the last two months, twice for breakfast and just today for dinner.  The ambiance is very nice, comfortable and relaxed.  Each time the service has been excellent.  The french toast was great, and the eggs were cooked to order as specified (basted) and properly seasoned.  Tonight I had the ribeye, one of my favorite cuts, fat and all.  The meat was a good cut, very tender, well seasoned and cooked as ordered (medium rare on the rare side).  The garlic mashed potatoes were flavorful and creamy and chunky at the same time.  The green beans were cooked properly (not too crunchy, not too soft) cooked in butter and server with crumbled bacon).  The service was very good and we chatted with the owner for a few minutes after dinner.  Too full for dessert we had coffee, which was fresh (nothing worse than "cooked" coffee).  we don't usually drink alcohol, we had soft drinks.  All in dinner was under $70 for two, which isn't cheap, but a good steak isn't normally cheap.  We will be going back.
3	Had lunch today while a car show was going on. Ordered soup and sandwich. Soup of the day was chili, which was very good. The grilled cheese (which was supposed to be on Texas Toast) was not. Came out plain, a small half sandwich with blah cheese. No presentation. The topper was they charged us 4.25 for a bottle of Bud. No  bar in Ftn. hills charges that much. Might give them one more try-but will hesitate to have a drink.
1	I love a good steak house. Therefore I was really happy when this place took over Fontinis on LA Montana. I stopped in for an early dinner the first week they opened and I was the only person there. This was 4:30 on a weekday afternoon. The atmosphere was nice,  but when I got the menu I nearly fell off my chair. I ordered a New York Strip steak, one of my favorites. It was $59. I figured for that price it had better be the best steak I'd ever had. It wasn't. It was pretty good, but not as tender as I would expect for medium rare. The veggies I had with it were also OK. The service was pretty bad. I was the only one there and there were servers standing around and talking but it took about 10 minutes for someone to  bring me a glass of water and take my order. Also, they didn't know the menu and had to go back into the kitchen at least twice to answer my questions. From the looks of most of these reviews, the service has improved, and that's a good thing. But if $59 for an average steak isn't too much money, we're sending these guys the wrong message.
5	My husband and I finally tried this place out last night.  We sat at the bar and decided to do an assortment of finger foods and have a couple drinks.  The decor is nice, they had someone playing guitar, nice calm dinner music, and service was prompt and very courteous.  We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  We had coconut shrimp, which were large and hand dipped with a wonderful sauce for dipping. We also had the stuffed tomato off the appetizer menu which was not big but tasty.  The sampler had potato skins, stuffed mushrooms, and huge thick cut onion rings, which were all very good.  Our cocktails were well made, and the servers and bartender worked wonderfully as a team to ensure we were always attended too.We did not have a full blown dinner this time but we were so impressed that we will certainly return. The prices were reasonable, and they have a ton of $5.00 happy hour specials everyday from 3:00-6:00 , and some options that rotate daily.  I thought the starch dinner prices looked to be in line with other options in the valley.This is not the loud, meat market atmosphere from the Fountini's days.  Desert Dave's has a classy, relaxed ambience where you could have a nice family meal, a business dinner or some romantic cocktails with a special someone.  If you haven't tried it I suggest you do.  We need good restaurants in this town to last, and this one deserves your time and hard earned money.
5	I took a date here two weeks ago and had a great time! Nice decor, seated right away & our waiter was very friendly. We both ordered the Rib eye. She got the salad with red potatoes (looked great, nice portions) & I ordered the soup (Shrimp something.. Good!) & garlic mashed potatoes. They were great! The steaks were medium-rare. Very tasty & tender. Cooked to perfection. All in all a very nice steak dinner for $26.00. Oh yeah... the bread. Warm, soft rolls! I'll be back!
2	The highlight of the evening was that it was easy to get a table  The shrimp chowder was very good.   Beyond that the steaks were very poor for that price point.  Think Old Towne Buffet steaks.   Poor quality meat and flavorless.   Baked potatoes were unremarkable and mashed potatoes were cold.   Our server was a very nice young man when we could find him.   Which is unexplainable because there were only a few tables occupied and another server was present.   The music was loud and mournful, like we were at a funeral.   At that price point, well any price point , you should get a decent meal.  In Fountain Hills, won't be long before they have to close unless something dramatically changes.
1	Tried one more time. Hardly any staff on duty on a. Saturday evening. Our order came out wrong and one of us were finished eating by the time the correct order came. It took them over an hour to bring our food at the onset. Then, had to wait for the second order.Salmon was good, but the filet was sub-par. Beer way overpriced. All in all, an unpleasant experience. Sorry to say, we cannot return. In all fairness to them, they did comp the steak. We had a coupon for $30, but that still put us in the negative because the salmon was $18. As long time Fountain Hills residents, we had high hopes for this restaurant.
5	Had the prime rib dinner for New Year's Eve and my wife the Ribeye. We had the crab cake and potato skins apps and house & Caesar salad.  All good. Steak and prime rib was exceptional...I wish they would offer prime rib on a more regular basis. Baked potato with bacon bits and a killer ice cream and warm fudge brownie dessert...yum. Service was very attentive. Desert Dave's Delivers!
