1	The gentleman today did not know the corporate policy regarding returns. He called the manager who did not have sufficient knowledge. Now I am having to deal with corporate which is willing to resolve it but either way this has led to me waisting a couple of hours both in store and on the phone trying to return a simple pair of glasses that are well within the return policy. I would go to the store in Town Square and be done with it.
5	I only buy sunglasses once every several years, so when the time comes around for me to replace my sunglasses, I never know where to go and end up at the most obvious place to buy sunglasses - Sunglass Hut.  Initially I was looking around for their actual store but came across their kiosk on the second floor (near food court) of the mall first. I don't usually like to shop at the kiosk location of any store because I feel like it's too much one-on-one personalized attention, and I assume that their inventory is not as extensive as in the regular store.   But the guy working at the Sunglass Hut kiosk (he's an older guy who used to be a mechanic) was so incredibly helpful, friendly, and low pressure that I'm glad I did.  He had a good selection for what I was looking for, gave great suggestions/recommendations, and was just all together a super personable and sweet guy.  I had forgotten how pricey Ray Bans can be, but they do such a good job at blocking glare and are really comfortable.  It rarely happens but I had a shopping experience that gave me everything that I had wanted/expected.
1	NEVER EVER buy a gift for someone here.  They claim a hassle free return but if you dont have the original card the gift was purchased on, they will NOT allow you to return the item.  They will hassle you to death trying to keep the money hostage.  The receipt says "no hassle return and you only need the proof of purchase and original packaging" but when you go to return an item, they will NOT allow you to get your cash back.
4	We were in need of some new shades for the hubby.  Someone (the hubby) lost his at work.  Bummer but that means shopping for me! When we walked in, the sales associate was helping another customer so we had time to browse. We kind of knew what brand and type we needed.  We walked directly to the section and immediately found what we were wanting. Of course we shopped the other brands just in case I found something for me.  The associate was shortly over to offer her knowledge and help for our sunglass needs.  She was very delightful and professional during this time.   She put the lens protection on and cleaned them before we left.  I'm sure that's part of their process but it's always nice! I generally have a good shopping experience in their stores.  I just wish their prices were a little bit cheaper but that's just me wanting a sales deal.  I'm sure it won't be long before I'm back for another pair of shades!
5	Even though I said that I couldn't spend that much on sunglasses to replace my cheap scratched ones, the clerk was very helpful and offered to clean my current ones for free to see if the solution might fill some of the shallow scratches. I will be back when I have more money to spend :)
