5	This is the best dental office.  On time.   High tech modern equipment.  This is a modern practice.  No picking during checkups.  They use video cameras, lasers, and other high tech stuff to "sense" if there is a problem in the tooth.  The staff is very professional and friendly.  I had been avoiding the dentist for a couple years and had A LOT of work to be done.  They guys developed a treatment plan to get my chops in tip top shape.  I was in and out so fast each time I did not have the usual dread of going.  They specialize in cosmetic dentistry if you are after that Hollywood smile but do not push procedures in any way.  They actually recommended that I NOT correct my one crooked front tooth (think Kirsten Dunst) because they said it gave me my smile character.  They said people ACTUALLY PAY MONEY to get my snagle tooth smile.  Crazy.  Anyway, I highly recommend this practice.
1	AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!!!  I went to this dentist because his office is located very close to where I live.  Keep in mind, I'm in my 30's.  Never had a cavity in my life.  NOBODY in my family has cavities.  Up until my visit to this guy, my teeth were perfect.  He uses this sonar wand thing that detects 'microcavities' that have yet to show up on an xray and tells me that my teeth are perfect EXCEPT for these 'microcavities'.  He scares the daylights out of me by telling me that unless I get 10 'microfillings' in my 'microcavities' they will be full blown cavities within 6 months.  Alarmed by this prediction, I set up an appointment to get 4 of these 'microfillings' put into 3 of my teeth immediately with the intention of getting the rest of my mouth done later.  I go in to get my teeth drilled on the next day and the anaesthesia he used was so strong, I felt like I was going to have a heart attack (I have had anaethesia before and it was never like this).  He proceeds to drill on my teeth and that was the beginning of my dental  problems.  For about a month and a half I suffered discomfort chewing and temperature sensitivity.  I finally call the office and complained and they tell me to come in for an 'adjustment'.  He does some more drilling and it seems a bit better, but still my teeth still don't feel the same.  A few weeks later, I notice a black dot on one of the teeth he has massacred.  I brush it and it appears to go away, however, I notice a very small cavity on that tooth that is going through the filling.  WTF?!?  I immediately make an appointment to see my old dentist (who's office is far from where I live, but has been my dentist for the last 11 years).I tell my dentist what this guy told me and did to me and I come to find out the 'microfillings' were COMPLETELY UNECESSARY!!!  My dentist just shook his head and said 'that's too bad'.  Everyone has small fissures in their teeth.  They are a cause for concern if you are a teenager, but for mature adults who maintain good dental hygiene, they are basically dormant and as long as you continue with good brushing habits, they will remain dormant.  My old dentist proceeds to tell me that the dot I am seeing on my tooth is the result of an air bubble in the filling material that popped and exposed my drilled-on tooth to decay.  Now, after this M-F'er jacked my teeth up, I have a real cavity that is showing up on xrays.  My dentist told me I could go back to Douglas and have him fix the filling for free, I said ABSOLUTELY NO WAY IN HELL AM I LETTING THIS A-HOLE within a mile of my teeth.  I would rather pay my old dentist to fix this botch job.  Keep in mind that the reason I had this work done was because of the scare tactics he used.  Well it's been over 8 months and the 6 'microcavities' that I did not end up filling (because of my nightmare experience with the first 4) are NOT full blown cavities like I was scared into believing would happen.  In fact, the teeth on the side of my mouth that this guy did not touch are perfect.  So, now I have a real cavity in the tooth he jacked up and I have to suffer the rest of my life by being on the never ending hamster wheel of maintaining these unecessary fillings every 5 years.So, the moral of the story is: Don't get seduced by all his high tech equipment.  Those kind of offices are all about the flash and sizzle and somebody has to pay for all that overhead and expensive equipment.  Guess what?  That somebody is YOU!  He will come up with any excuse to work on your teeth to generate revenue even if the work is COMPLETELY UNECESSARY like mine was.  If he mentions the word 'micro-filling' or 'micro-cavity' get out of your chair and RUN out of his office unless you want your mouth utterly destroyed.
5	I've been going to Douglas Family Dentistry now for about a year and a half and I've had a great experience.Did I mention I really don't like going to the dentist and I'm a total scaredy cat?  That alone makes me SUCH a fun patient for them, I'm sure.They are always on time, they have the best equipment available and everyone there is just so nice!  Dr. Douglas is awesome and is who takes care of me (See they had to have the Boss handle me I'm so bad!).  I've had everything from crowns to cavities filled with absolutely no issue.Just recently I had my front 6 veneers redone and although I was trying to put it off as long as I could, Mother Nature decided to have something crack my front veneer while on vacation - in Maui.  Not a dentist to be found that would help me out.  All I can say is "thank God for Super Glue!!  I called Dr. D from Hawaii and he called me back over the weekend.  I got back very late on a Friday afternoon and they opened their offices at 7am on Saturday morning to take care of my front tooth.  If that's not awesome customer service, I don't know what is!All in all, my veneers look great and I even smile a the dentist's office now!
5	I honestly can't think of one bad thing to say about Douglas Family Dentistry (and I would say I'm a pretty critical person).  It's a very nice office with very modern, high-tech equipment, as the other reviewers have noted.  Dr. Douglas is incredibly friendly, a very personable guy, and even though I only see him and the hygienists every six months, they all seem to remember me well.  My teeth can be very sensitive, so if something hurts (which is inevitable with any dentist or hygienist), they don't act irritated when I blow out their eardrums in pain.  They have no problem giving me extra anesthesia when I ask for it and I don't think I've ever been charged extra for that.  One time I must have seemed cold, so the hygienist asked if I wanted a blanket on my lap during the appointment, which I found surprisingly nice.  Even nicer though, was when they told me to keep it!  Sure, it probably cost them $5 and it has their logo in the corner, but it's a super warm fluffy blanket that I actually use quite a bit now!I always take their first appointment at 7:00am, and the atmosphere when I walk in is just refreshing.  Everyone seems awake, alert, ready to start a new day.  The office just has good vibes.  Excellent customer service from all staff members.  Excellent dental work.  Very, very highly recommended practice.
1	Well, after my terrible experience with him screwing up the first 4 'microcavities', I didn't let him anywhere near the other 6 'microcavities' he claimed I had.  3 years later and still no 'full blown cavities' as this guy predicted.  He claimed that if I didn't let him put these phony 'micro-fillings' in my teeth, I would have full blown cavities in 6 months!
