5	Oh, where to start...? Arlene, arlene, arlene - if you didn't know that I married my husband you might think I was gay. Seriously, I love this girl. It is because of her that we chose Sound Fusion for our entertainment. We caught them in passing at a bridal show in Las Vegas and it was seriously like love at first sight (for me). First and foremost, I was looking for a DJ/Emcee that would not wear a bowtie or a shiny vest, or start yelling at my guests to try and take over the reception, or start playing YMCA or The Macarena. If that isn't reason enough to go with Sound Fusion... Why Arlene and Sound Fusion? If you ever have the pleasure of meeting this crew I would be extremely surprised if you weren't blown away by Arlene on the spot. She was charismatic, outgoing, and genuinely interested and excited about what she does. When I called her for the first time after the bridal show, which mind you was almost 4 months later, we talked for almost 2 hours! She wasn't trying to "sell" me on Sound Fusion - we just talked about wedding plans in general: where I was in the process, what vendors I had already lined up, etc. It was like I had found a "soul mate" in the best friend sense from another life. Upon booking Sound Fusion, Arlene wasted no time in getting the process rolling. From setting meeting dates, to song lists, and even making sure I secured the rest of my vendors in a timely manner, Arlene was super-organized through the entire process. I think the best thing about Sound Fusion is how down to earth they are. They have a ton of clients at any given time, but somehow they make you feel like you're their only one. Not only that, it's a family-owned business - Arlene and her husband Steffon are the ones who started it all. I met them together at our first meeting and you could tell that not only did they pour their heart and soul into their business, but that they were each others rocks - keeping each other steady. They had also been through the wedding planning process themselves not too long before us - so could totally relate to all the stresses and choices that had to be made. Arlene also runs an event planning business, which if I had extra money I would have hired her for as well. But, this was just an added bonus in a DJ because her organizational skills are off the charts. A good dj is able to emcee an event and play music that gets people dancing. A great dj is able to do all this and help the wedding go as smooth as silk - which she did! Prior to the wedding, she coordinated with all of my vendors to make sure that everyone had a timeline of the wedding - which is huge for staying on track, especially when you have surprises for the guests built in. She even had a couple surprises for me up her sleeve, which just made the whole experience that much more fun and memorable. I could go on and on about Arlene and Sound Fusion but I'm sure I've babbled enough. Just don't be surprised if you blurt something out like "Just DJ like you're my sister!" or when you're welcomed into the Sound Fusion Family.
5	I had thought I read a ton of Yelp reviews on how awesome Sound Fusion was, and that's why I selected them for our wedding.  Checking again, I see there was only one, but it was so emphatic I bought into the hype.  I'm so glad I did.We had really wanted to get Arlene because of the glowing review, and were a little sad that she was already busy that day, but she assured us that DJ Steffon, co-owner of Sound Fusion (and her hubby) would do an awesome job.  And he did. An AWESOME job!!  We couldn't be happier.  We had a small wedding of 49 people in one of the top floor suites at Red Rock Resort, and we were concerned people would just sit on the spinning couch and be bored.  Arlene and Steffon gathered information from us before the wedding on what we were looking for, and even solicited our guests up front via email.  The results was perfect, lots of people dancing, everyone having a great time.  Rocking good time.  Our guests are now asking when we'll do a vow renewal, and if we do, we'll definitely use Sound Fusion again!
5	Can I give 6 stars? I tried to find the event planning company that Arlene and Steffon run on yelp to shower love on as well, but I couldn't find it so this will have to be enough. I can honestly say that these two, Sound Fusion and Semper Fi Event Planning, were the two BEST decisions that I made for my wedding other than the groom. I'll start with our DJ Steffon (spelling? I'm sorry if there is an extra "f" in there!). He was an amazing emcee and his masterful DJ skills kept our party going strong until the very end of the long reception. People didn't want to leave! I heard one of my friends say "This DJ just GETS me!" Every song was a hit and he read the crowd like an expert. I really believe the music makes or breaks a reception, and he made sure ours was one that our friends have already described as "biblical". It was all him. Now onto Arlene at Semper Fi Events planning. I could go on for pages about how amazing she is. I loved her the first time I met her. Throughout the planning process I kept finding myself wondering how people throw a wedding without Arlene, and on the wedding day she was a wizard. She and her staff took care of EVERYTHING. I even had my guests telling me how amazing she was at the reception! I am recommending her to anyone who will listen. She made the planning process so much better for my mom and me- even having to referee some of our arguments haha. She and her staff spent ten hours setting up the reception venue the day before the wedding. On the day of, she and her fantastic staff were with me in my bridal suite keeping everything running on time and organized. I worried about NOTHING the day of the wedding, thanks to her and her staff. They took care of everything and even read my mind several times. That is talent! She and her staff stayed until 3 in the morning after the reception organizing the reception decorations and then delivered them nicely packaged for us to take home the next day. MAKE room in your budget for these two. I can't say enough great things about them.
5	I wish I could give more than 5 stars! Sound Fusion Entertainment is the bomb! My cousin met Arlene at a bridal show a few years ago and ended up booking Sound Fusion for her wedding. I remember both as a bridesmaid and as a wedding guest that day how awesome Arlene was, not only as a DJ/MC but as a planner/coordinator! Arlene & team played great music all night, kept the party hype, and also handled certain day-of tasks. I knew that when my big day came around, I was definitely going to go with Sound Fusion! Well, that big day finally came! Lol :) My wedding was on 10/12/14, and I met with Arlene and Steffon, hoping that they were available on my special day. I instantly remembered why I wanted to have them as our DJ/MC. They both just have a natural way of making you feel like family, and that they sincerely have your best interests at heart. They are so helpful and professional, not to mention that they have been in the business for many many years and know what they are doing. We talked about my needs, expectations, and budget...which came with a lot of laughs because as you will find, Arlene has a very infectious laugh! :) I felt as though they both knew exactly what I needed as a client, and I knew I just had to book them!! The budget was the only thing that I was worried about. Thank goodness they were flexible and worked with me on my budget!!! I seriously would have been heart broken if I was not able to have them at my wedding. Let me say honestly though: SOUND FUSION ENTERTAINMENT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY!! Arlene and team blew me away with everything they did that day, from helping with day-of coordination, organization, timeline, played awesome music, provided amazing entertainment all night long, etc etc etc!!! I did not worry about a thing that day and I am so lucky & honored to have had them at my wedding. I highly highly recommend booking Sound Fusion Entertainment for your wedding!! You will be so happy and thankful that you did. I know I am!!! :)
