1	Good service.
3	East Side Mario's is a chain of Italian-American restaurants that is part of the Prime Restaurants empire.  You've probably seen or heard the commercials promising "A taste of Little Italy" and "Hey Budda Boom Budda Bing" from time to time.Favourites of mine include All-You-Can-Eat Italian Wedding soup and Garlic Bread, which comes with your entree.  My wife is partial to the Seafood Linguine, whereas I'm more of a Spaghetti person.My biggest complaint about East Side Mario's is the fact that the service and the food can be very inconsistent.  This location is no exception.  One day I can have excellent service and have excellent food, another day slow service and okay food, to other days when I can only say that everything was terrible.Perhaps being in a location where there is high traffic allows this restaurant to rest on their laurels.  I think this restaurant could be better if the quality could be more consistent.
2	I have to start off by saying I only allot two stars to the restaurant aspect of East Sides. I give the bar 4 stars. I sat in the restaurant for the first time and had terrible service. The waitress left us for long wait times more than once. We waited probably 5 minutes for a table and when we were seated it took around ten minutes for the waitress to show up. We ordered everything we wanted, and about ten minutes later our soups showed up. Around fifteen minutes after our meals showed up. The food was delicious though at this point I was frustrated with the service. The original waitress did not bring us our food and it looked more like a younger hostess helping out. Not only did she bring all of our food she had to refill our soup, bread and drinks as we'd been waiting. I did not see the waitress again until she prompted us to finish our food asking around 2 times in five minutes if we were done yet, then bringing over the bill. I was very unimpressed to say the least.When Ive visited the bar at East Sides the food comes quick, the waitresses are very friendly and are constantly checking to see if you need something refilled. They also offer you parmesan cheese with your soup unlike the waitresses. I can't knock the food as it is always delicious but if when i come back to this restaurant I will never leave the bar.
1	I drove past on  July 28 2012. This one is closed.
1	Closed now
