4	Great place for bargain shoppers. By now, you should know that I love a bargain. Maybe it was because my (single) mom, would bring me along on her many jaunts in San Francisco, going to various little markets, outlet stores and haggling with Chinatown merchants (how embarassing, but if you are Asian, you can relate!). My mom was a great bargain shopper. I admit, when I was a kid, I was not proud of it, but I can appreciate it, looking back.This is a shopper's paradise, but you might not find something every time. It's kind of like Ross, TJ Maxx, and Marshall's- so it's hit or miss. But it's exciting nonetheless, when you do find a deal here. Great place to find gifts, travel musts, books, and craft items. And yes, you will find brand names. Huge variety of merchandise- from clothing, to cookware to rugs to pet stuff, there are a lot of choices. The price tags display the regular price and percentage of savings.Sometimes, it's closed for inventory. Sign up to get their mailed newsletter. I go to this location the most. Great place to check out for discounted brand name items.
5	This store will surprise you. If you come regularly, browse through the isles, you'll find some hidden gems with really good prices. I don't usually have a list when I go in, but sometimes, I leave with a really great find. I bought Waverly bed linens from here recently and have to admit, it's one of my better finds. I did sign up for the email and get the flyer in the mail, I will look if I have time, but most of the time, I take a chance, and sure enough, find something. They have little bit of everything, from small furniture pieces, rugs, lamps, statues, to clothes, they even have pet supplies and electronics. Be sure to stop in, you'll be glad you did!
3	Ok, if you are feeling patient, as there are little old ladies that run the shop, and feel like an adventure, this is the place. They have things a definite step over Big lots, a step under Pier 1. Everything from toys, linens, some designer food, animal supplies, books, knick knacks. We LOVE the coffee, and some of the cookies, and I have gotten cups and presents there. I am NOT a fan of the clothing. Seriously, NOT a fan.  All in all take a minute, poke around, see all they offer, then go back next month, and it's all different. :) What more could you want?
2	Lots of factory made crap here. Also tried to refuse a plastic bag but the lady just had to give me one.
