4	St. Patrick's Day was the first day of business for Vegas' 2nd Wahoo's.  This chain that originated in Orange County, CA, is familiar to all the SoCal transplants like me, but I've never had Wahoo's until tonight.  If you think all they have is fish, you'd be wrong (like me!).  The choice of fillings in addition to fish are chicken, carnitas, carne asada, shrimp, tofu, mushrooms (in a Polynesian marinade and sauteed), vegetarian, and Banzai veggies (a veggie mix sauteed in teriyaki sauce).  I'm happy to say that the food is fresh, abundant, and I'm glad that a location opened up in my 'hood.  I had the shrimp taco combination: 2 overflowing tacos, brown rice, and black beans.  I couldn't say no to the Maui Onion Rings so I had those, too, but maybe not the best combination with tacos.  Regardless, I am full!  The place is brand new, the service is great, and the ambiance is laid-back, just as if the beach were right outside the door.
3	Maybe they are just working out the kinks. The food really was kind of pedestrian. They screwed up part of the order and brought a burrito an not a bowl. Took almost 15 minutes to get the bowl. The food was kind of bland and the chips were marginal.
4	The mushroom enchilada with green sauce is amazing! I also had a grilled fish taco with black beans and rice. The food came out quickly and was fresh and tasty. I love the laid back atmosphere of this place. The portion was plentiful and the free drink refills were a plus. I will definitely be back.
1	I was pretty stoked that a Wahoo's restaurant opened up near me. Some friends really hyped it up. Unfortunately, my order of cajun fish tacos came super late and the fish was very dry and bland. It was not an anomaly because both of my friends' fish dishes were dry as well. Did I expect too much out of this place? Not too excited about coming back and trying their other dishes. I mean, they're called Wahoo's FISH tacos. If they can't do fish right, why bother?UPDATE: Went back and tried the carne asada beef. It was gray in color and bland. Seriously, not grilled - gray. After the meal, I had a stomach ache. Coincidence? I think not.
5	I am an old school Vegas guy when it comes to service in this town. This place has only been open for a couple weeks and all I can say is wow! I've witnessed the owner and GM personally go to each customer to see how everything was going. I've seen this on ALL of the four times I have visited. The hardest things to convey to a service staff is to anticipate guests needs and recover from mistakes. They have obviously done a great job of that. Kudos!I love the Cajun style fish and shrimp tacos. Really fresh on perfectly soft, corn tacos. BTW, their happy hour is pretty freakin awesome to take advantage on their indoor-outdoor patio. Way more of a bargain and laid back atmosphere than Kona Grill --in the same lot. I just hope the Lambo-driving, Affliction/True Religion wearing-Summerlin douche bags- that scare away all the cute girls away, don't ruin my new favorite spot.
4	Loved the food, but I could tell they just opened.  (The bar was a tad bit dirty, but promptly cleaned when brought to the bartender's attention) I enjoyed the salad, grilled chicken, fish and fresh cabbage.  The drink menu was bland, but there were plenty of  options as far as drinks went..  The food was extremely fast, so if you like to take your time-order bit ,by bit!  However, you do not get the "fast-food" feeling.  I look forward to more meals at my local Wahoo's.
4	I have been twice since it opened, the first time we went they made a couple mistakes on our order, but they were quickly rectified and it was understandable since everyone there is new. The food has been excellent with good pricing. It's clean with a fun atmosphere. If you simply compare to Baja Fresh and their pricing it's easy to see how much more you get for your money at Wahoos.
1	We wanted to like this place, but the food was dull and the service was... The atmosphere lends itself to a beach hole-in-the-wall, but the reality is a smokey hole far from any beach freshness - food or air. We ordered the vegetarian nachos, outer reef burrito, wet classic burrito, quesadillas, and chicken taquitos all to-go. It took a over a half-hour to get our food, mostly because they kept giving us an incomplete order insisting it was complete. The food had very little flavor. The nachos and outer reef burrito reminded me of something you would throw together with what is left in your refrigerator - very uninspiring and dry. Speaking of dry, the wet burrito was hardly wet. The quesadillas were akin to cafeteria food. The chicken taquitos had more whole bay leaves in them than chicken. The chips were crisp but flavorless, and the "salsa" was equally so with a touch of heat. Obviously, won't be going back.
4	In the Summerlin area, Bocca Park is a convenient and great location to shop and dine out. It is always nice to have a new restaurant locate here. This was our first time eating at a Wahoos. We were expecting it to be just your typical fast food type of restaurant but was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is a step up from that.  It has a nice bright lay out with lots of seating. The decor is Southern California beach theme. It has a bar in the middle with an open wall to outside seating. It has a real "vacation" type feel to the place.You do order at the counter  but your food is brought out to you at your table. My wife and I had the Cajun Fish Tacos and our daughter had the Cajun Shrimp Taco. The menu only offers the corn tortellia which none of us really like. But if you ask for flour tortilla when you order they do have it. They say the wahoo fish is caught out of the ocean and delivered fresh to the store daily. Our serving size was plenty big enough and all three agreed the tacos were very good. Being able to feed a family of 3 for under $20 in this town is pretty good!The only draw back is they have some excellent outdoor seating but it is considered part of the bar area and anyone under 21 is not allowed to sit out there. It is hard to find a place to take families these days that is a fun place that offers a good economical meal. This place is certainly a great place for families. Too bad they limit the best seating area to adults only.
3	I've been a fan of Wahoo's Tacos for years and especially like the  location in Santa Monica.  I'm very happy they have opened in Summerlin.The Good:  I had my two favorites, the fish taco and fish enchilada, and both were excellent.  They also have the unique Vegas advantage of having a full bar with video poker machines.  The bar, while small,  was packed at 2pm on a Thursday.The "Could be Better":  They seem be suffering from opening pains.  The cashier didn't know about the beer of the month so we helped her learn something new.  The food took about 15mins to come where I'm use to about 5 minutes at other Wahoo's.  Also, I missed the condiment bar that most other locations have with a selection of different hot sauces, lime slices, and extra napkins.  If these things improve I will definitely increase my rating.
5	Wahoo's is a yeshoo!After seeing the cute location and reading reviews I checked it out and was very happy to find the food is very good.  The fish tacos are very good, the spicy salsa is awesome.  The white rice is very tasty, unlike major chain competitors with similiar fare and the black beans tasty as well.  Went again on another trip and tried the Kahuna Grande: selected the spicy fish taco and chicken taquitos w/guac & sour cream - very good, not greasy at all (they do not use lard), tried the white beans I like better - quite saucy with a bit of zip.Tried the Wahoo's salad with grilled Cajun fish - this is spicily wonderful!  The fish portion was as long as the platter (not bits of meat chopped up), and the cilantro dressing quite tasty!Try it -very nice atmosphere!
3	Nice place to chic chat with friends having a cold beer or a glass of wine. The fish taco's are good. Made with Ono (wahoo). Had the Maui onions Very taste. I will return.
5	Wahoo! - I luv this place.I've long been a fan of Wahoo's, just love their fish tacos and Cajun beans. This new location in Boca Park is just perfect. The outside seating is splendid, with a rather pleasing view of the mountains and a good respite from the sun.I can only hope the staff continues to get better.
3	If you're looking for something on par with Chipotle, this is a good option as the food is fresh and the prices are great.  The classic burrito ($5) is a flour tortilla filled with lettuce, cheese, salsa and the protein of your choice.  I thought the carne asada was nicely flavored.  I've had their burritos served wet with green/red sauce and cheese, which is also a tasty option.  My husband didn't think the shrimp and fish tacos were anything special.  On the night we went, the restaurant was uncomfortably warm, it was actually hotter in the restaurant than outside, and this does not bode well for the summer months!
4	Wahoo's Fish Taco is my default place to eat when we can't decide on anything better. So, in my family, I eat Wahoo's A LOT! As a matter of fact, I should get tested for too much exposure to Mecury at this point. Do I ever crave Wahoo's? Never. But I never mind eating it anytime of the day. The only addictive item at Wahoo's for me is Mr. Lee's sauce. I put that on everything. It costs $1 as a side, which is STEEEP considering the cheap menu. A little known secret is that you should ask them to put that in your burritos, taquitos, enchiladas etc for FREE!
4	A nice slice of coastal goodness that reminds me of my hometown San Diego...except it's in a parking lot in Boca Park!The food is tasty, but the menu is a little overwhelming.  The first time I went, I was like, "Where are just fish tacos?"  Apparently, you pick your vehicle (taco, burrito, etc.), then you choose your innards (fish, chicken, tofu (!), mushrooms (!), etc), then you choose your rice (brown rice option (!)) and beans.  The fish tacos were a little dry and I would have liked more sauce.  I also got some sort of tofu bowl that I don't remember the name of, and it was goooood.  I prefer the Cajun white beans to the black beans (great flavor), but the rice lacks something (read: flavor).They have a full bar and a nice happy hour special each day.  They have this nifty margarita where they stick a mini Corona in it.  It's fun and very college-Spring-Break inspired.But I think my favorite part of the restaurant is the open patio.  The window/wall opens up from the bar area to a nice little patio with comfortable seating.  My only wish was that it didn't over look a black asphalt parking lot, but I'll take some al fresco drinking and eating any day, and I'll just imagine that the black asphalt is ocean water while I eat my fish taco and drink my beer/margarita concoction.
2	These guys just can't get their act together so I'm knocking them down one star from my previous review.  One of the reasons I go to Wahoo's is they always have a decent beer of the month (BOM) at a discount price.  I went there today and they were out of the BOM, Pacifico.  I asked if they would substitute a Corona or something else at the BOM price.  After a deer-in-the-headlights look, the cashier called over the manager.  The manager explained that he was unable to override the All Powerful Computer - makes me wonder why they even bother to pay a manager if the computer is actually in charge.  I guess the computer doesn't care that it lost out on a food sale and earned them a negative yelp review.  This Wahoo's location has now been open too long for me to continue to cut them slack for being new.  There is no excuse for not having sufficient inventory and for not empowering managers to do right by the customer.  The owners and managers should visit the Santa Monica CA location and learn the true meaning of customer service.BTW, I walked across the parking lot to Three Angry Wives Pub and had excellent service as well as happy hour priced beer and snacks.   Recommend you do the same.
5	Kevin, Molly and Ashley what more could you ask for?? Oh wait great food they have that too..:)
4	I love Wahoo's! So I'm thrilled this store opened pretty close to home.Great customer service, great outer reef fish burrito *cajun style* is what I always get, and quick service also!
4	Wahoo! is right! This place is cheap, delicious, has great customer service, and has a fun atmosphere... What more could a little Yelper need?This place has two main attractions, dining room and the bar.The dining room is set up in a seat yourself fashion. You first order, then you pick a place to sit, then they deliver your food to you by name.I ordered a Wahoo (ono fished) grilled burrito wet. Both of the enchilada sauces are delightful. I asked to sample each and they let me get both (half and half). My food came out quickly and it was fresh.The house salsa was lack luster. Nice veggie taste, but nothing special or memorable.  Mr. Lee's sauce was the business: sweet and spicy and thick. (I swear there is teriyaki in there). Get it! You'll thank me later. The bar has great beer specials. They have a variety (Mexican and American) on tap and they are around $2.11 a piece and half that during happy hour.If you're a single gal, this is a great place to go surfing for dudes.I'm pretty WAHOO for Wahoo's!
5	I love these place, cool bar (outside area) and good fish tacos. The employees are very sweet and the place is kept clean. It seems to be the new hang out instead of Kona Grill and a lot better priced. Try the Maui onion rings.
5	We love Wahoos, this is the only thing we miss when we moved from California. So when I found out there are 2 locations in Vegas I was overjoyed! We ordered our favorite No. 2, the food was late, but the staff came out and apologized with an offer of chips and salsa. I would say this place (Rampart location) tasted just like the other chains in California. Now I have no regrets moving out of Cali.
5	Great food! Love the atmosphere! Great staff! The shrimp is absolutely yummy!
5	I first discovered Wahoos in while doing business in SoCal and I fell in love with the amazing food and drinks at a great price.When I found out they built this location down the street from me, I thought "Cool! But will it be the same? Especially being so far inland..."I can tell you that this place has gone above and beyond anything that the SoCal locations have going.  The food is still great and cheap! $2.50 for a taco?  WTF are you kidding me?!  Pacificos $2?! So stoked!Great food combined with a great staff led by bartender James "Big Poppa" is the recipe for a great overall experience!  I've made this place my home away from home.  I'm here almost 5 times a week, it's like having my own version of Cheers in my backyard... I sit down next to Norm, and Sam Malone already has my beer poured and my food on the way.  Couldn't ask for more.If you've never been to a Wahoos start with a Cajun Fish taco and go from there, everything is good!Sunday Brunch is also a great deal.  $6 gets you Carnitas with Eggs and all you can drink mamosas for an hour....  Sunday Funday! Give it a go if you can get up before 11:00am.Thanks Wahoo's crew for making my neighborhood a better place!
4	For what it is, Wahoo's offers solid food at very fair prices.Nothing we had - from the fish tacos to the beans - blew us out of the water, but the ingredients are fresh, well prepared and the staff just couldn't be friendlier. Plus, they have a great bar with quick, knowledgeable bartenders (a rarity for the Summerlin area). The vibe is very California-esque, the sheer variety of taco variations is sure to please most, and the quality of the food is just right for the price. Forget spending $20 at Taco Hell or any of the other abysmal chains, if you're craving unique, fresh tacos it's hard to go wrong at Wahoo's.
5	HEAVEN!! A walk up type restaurant with a full bar, fantastic. The plate of food I received, fantastic. The drink I ordered in happy hour, fantastic. The price, fantastic. Love this place.Note, their Cajun spicy fish is super spicy. LOVE IT!!
3	I keep going back, hoping that the staff will eventually start to feel at home and begin to provide some level of service. Sadly, it has not been the case, which is the inspiration behind this downgraded rating. To be sure, the food is still good, the atmosphere is still great and the crowd is still eclectic - but the service is actually getting worse.This place is far too small to have to wait forever to be refilled or simply even recognized, especially if you are sitting right there in front of the bartenders. Sometimes it actually feels as though they are purposefully trying to avoid eye contact. Hey management - this is Vegas, we got hundreds of bartenders looking for work, it shouldn't be hard to find ONE.
3	I'm being kind but my friend likes it, but I just noticed he's downgraded his review to 3 stars himself.  Maybe I went in with my expectations too high.  Bottom line,  the fish was dry (I like rubio's fish tacos better) and it wasn't the friendliest atmosphere.  They have a Fuddrucker's-like system but I didn't know and I didn't get the best deal because the cashier was no help at all.  They have video poker for those into that, and a nice open-air feel with a patio to eat on as well.  Cool, but I'd rather go to Kona or Gordon Biersch in Boca to hang out and be hip...
3	I've been traveling to Vegas every six weeks from CA and love that there are Wahoos restaurants here.  This one is cool because it has a full bar and it's exposed to the outside, so I thought it would be nice.  Seems like it's only cool if you're a local....service in the bar pretty much sucks unless they recognize you.  I'm going to start going to the other Wahoos nearby that has better service.
3	Lots of good choices on the menu...and then a lot more options for each menu item.  Brown or White RiceBlack or Pinto BeansFish, Chicken, Pork, Steak, Tofu, VeggiesMost items are above average but nothing that makes me want to come back right away....oh yeah, and Kona now has competition for 40 - 55 year old males on the prowl, scoping out the young ladies and showing off their rides...did we need another place like that?...Might lower things a star or two for me if I was a lady not looking for a sugar daddy...but sense I'm descent guy it actually acts as a self-esteem booster!
2	This place had a cool atmosphere and the staff was friendly but the food was disappointing. We had a taco, an enchilada, and a wet burrito and all were not good. The onion rings tasted frozen and the ingredients in our meals tasted like they were old and cheap. Probably a fun place to have some drinks but not so good for dinner
1	So.... I was very excited to eat at this place, I have only heard great things in other markets.  On a Saturday, the family and I were looking for a place to get some good food and watch some college football.  We walk in, and you order from the counter, not what I expected but I proceed. I order the fish taco plate, that's why I am here.  My husband orders the '3 Minute Burrito', and my kids order nachos, a steak taco and a fish taco.  $45 later, we get our number and take a seat.  We wait, and wait and wait for 28 minutes!!!  I get up to look for a manager or someone to assist me to get my food.  The runner speaks no English, neither does the kitchen staff.  Food finally arrives at the table.  It is only the 3 minute burrito, taking only 31 minutes. Then they bring the kids' plates.  The sides were wrong, the nachos looked like something I make in the microwave at home.  Not thrilled with the flavor profile of the fish taco, I have had better tacos at Rubios... (way better..) and for the service, price and cleanliness of the restaurant, I will not be going back.  People and businesses make mistakes all the time, but the lack of management, lack of knowledge of communication and the sheer expense with little to no ROI leaves me cold.  I don't mind spending the money if I am getting what I pay for.  Not the case here.  I hope this is not the rule with this place, but I will never know, I am not going back.
2	Not very good at all. 20 minutes wait for couple tasteless tacos and enchiladas. What the waste of time and money.
5	The power chopped salad with shrimp, cajun beans and brown rice.  Don't forget the Green dressing (on the side).  Perfect, healthy, hearty, spicy, yummy!!  The chicken tortilla soup is very delicious as well.   I've always had good service at the Boca Park location.  It's clean and certainly fast for fresh made food.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	Ok...mexican. We love this place but when we ordered they said they are out of  guac....what???How does that happen?Don't get the onion rings either.Sever was nice.
4	I was in the Lamp Store in Boca when I spotted this place. I'm not very observant and apparently it has been here a while without me noticing.I jump in for lunch and take a seat at the bar. I am immediately i.d.'ed which seemed a little strange as I have not, sadly, been asked for my i.d. for about 21 years AND I had ordered just an iced-tea. It is a strange choice of location, situated on a corner with open doors and each side and wind blowing through. Nice but your view is the Target parking lot and party City. I order some tacos, choice of six fillings, they arrived quickly and were tasty and well priced. TVs everywhere and a few interior tables. I like it and I will go back.
4	Yay! I guess third time is a charm. Haven't had good luck with service here in the past.  This time the food was fantastic and Jami at the bar was friendly and even asked how my day was going.  Just wish the other bartenders were as friendly!
4	I've been searching for a good taco place for a while. It's not exactly the kind of tacos I was looking for, but it tastes great! The rice tastes amazing!
2	Need to watch some football, grab a beer and get chips and salsa... Wahoo is your place. Want to enjoy some delicious tacos, beans and rice...not so much. Lemon Drop Martini, how can you not know how to make one... YUCK! Big pieces of tasteless chicken tacos, beef tacos were inedible, again big pieces that were chewy and plain gross. Pork was OK but somewhat tasteless and fish taco just ok! This place has a lot going for it but poor bar-tending, OK service and sub-par food make it it somewhere I will not go back to...Pick Jasons Deli next door or head to Kona grill..and with Gordon B and Cheesecake F in the same complex they better step it up or step out! Don't expect to enjoy a beer here next summer...just my opinion!
2	Kinda cool place, food wasn't great. I would have thought the fish tacos would have been better since the name of the place is called "Wahoo FISH TACO"! Nice place to watch a football game tho.
4	Food was good....service was just ok.
4	Did the takee outee routine with the cheese enchilada and  bowl of brown rice, black beans, and grilled chicken and an appetizer size of chicken quesidellia.  Was just the right amount for 2 of us.  Worried that the grilled chicken on the bowl would dry out on the 15 minute trip home, but not the case.  Yummy for sure!  Had the fish bowl on another trip and it was a little dry, but as someone else said-the black beans were terrific.  Definitely will return.
1	To say I was disappointed would be an understatment. I planned a pub crawl for my husband's birthday,with one our stops being wahoo's. I went to all our stops that morning informing management that we would be coming through and around which time. All places seemed happy and accomidating as best they could. Manger of Wahoo's told me to call over when we were on our way. When I called (9:30pm) the hostess said management went home?!?! Quite confused I asked to speak to who was in charge. A bartender got on the phone. I told her I spoke to a manager earlier and we were on our way 20-25ppl. (not very interested)She said ok and hung up. Upon arriving the area in which I discussed with management that morning was not ready. The restuarant area was closed off? We had a friend in a wheel chair and had no access to the patio(you had to walk through the bar and between the high tops and bar.It was too narrow). So unfortunately we could not sit out there. We had to pull our own tables together. No one came to great us or offered to help. We all stood at the end of the bar together and waited for a bartender. The bar was not that packed and had two on staff at the time. One bartender finally came to help. In stead of staying there and getting through all our orders, she would take an order, leave help some other people and come back. All the while not letting us know she would be back. The other bartender stayed on her side of the bar and just chatted with others down there. Rather than help manage the bar. I must say that we had bartenders in our group as well as most of us live with in a 3-5mi radius of Boca Park. We heard no apology, heck we were barely spoken too. After taking over 45minutes for each of us to get a drink we decided to leave. We moved onto 3 ANGRY WIVES. They were ready for us. They kept an extra bartender and server on hand just to be ready for us. Job well done!! I'm sure they made a pretty penny off of our group. Especially since my husband and our friends like top shelf and lots of shots!!! Too Bad for Wahoo's as we will not be back and will be sure to tell everyone we know!!!!
3	This place is OK.  I came here with my wife late one night and it seemed like an average joint.  I've heard Wahoo's talked up so much, I was actually a bit disappointed.I'll give them the fact that it was getting late in the night, but the girl who was cleaning and taking our orders at the same time seemed a little annoyed that we were here to eat.The food was OK as well.  I wasn't impressed with the chicken breast tacos (got one grilled and one Cajun).  It is hard to compare to the awesomeness of a Roberto's Chicken Taco.The rice and beans were OK as well.  Nothing to write home about.It was rather loud and the fact that it has a bar in the restaurant made for some unneeded distractions when trying to sit down and have a meal.  I wouldn't take my kids here, that's for sure.If you haven't been here yourself, go ahead and give it a try.  Otherwise, I would suggest going to a Roberto's for some Mexican food.
4	I have visited Wahoo's a few times since a friend introduced me to their awesomeness. I love the white beans, yum!
5	Customer service : We were welcomed right upon entering, by multiple employees. It was our first time going and we told the woman helping us that so she was very helpful in making some recommendations to us. Food: I ordered the chicken taco combo and you get a choice of white or black beans as well as white or brown rice. I ordered the cajun white beans and they were absolutely delicious! We also ordered a side of chips and guacamole and the guacamole was flavorless. The avocados did not even have a taste to them and I was really disappointed by it. The meat in the taco was the complete opposite and had tons of flavor and was delicious! Environment: It is a casual, very laid back place with plenty of seating and very interesting decor. They definitely brought their California beach vibe with them!
3	When we went the service was slow and food was forgotten.  We found out later that one of the employee's quit and the manager didn't wouldn't answer the phone so he could be nofited that the establishment was understaffed. The shrimp taco's were the only thing that were tasty.  The fish tacos were bland and dry.
4	Came in lat night and was very impressed. Most flavorful steak in the maui bowl. Grilled shrimp and fish tacos may be the best in the city. And where else can one pay $2 for pacifico? Cannot wait for round 2!
3	I haven't been to Wahoo's Fish Tacos in ages, and they put one near my house like a year ago.  Finally went to try it out.  Decent food like I remember, but it's overpriced for what it is.  Nearly $3 for 1 taco.  There's better deals in this town, gonna have to pass next time.
5	Love Wahoo's! Price for my meal was cheap, food was yummy, and portions are big! The decor is cool too. Reminds me of the beach. Vegetarian and gluten free options. Must try the green enchiladas.
4	I had them many moons ago, in Encanitas, on a surf trip. Yummy tacos! It was nice to see them in Vegas. I had a salad and I think I love the tacos more. I think that grilled shrimp platter will be worth trying the next time. The bar looks fun to sit at. I'm not really one to drink at restaurant bars, but I like how it's 'outside' and still inside. You'll have to see it to understand what I mean. Good stuff.
4	Try the Kahuna Grande! :D Went to this place again for the second time. I found out they have $2 Pacifico's all the time- thats an awesome deal. If you're part of the service industry crowd you get %30 off your bill, that's pretty cool too. The service is friendly. This time I went late night on a Wed, I found food was served till Midnight and the place closed at 1am. I think thats a pretty good deal considering the place is in Boca park where most restaurants are closed.  They have plenty of seating- outside too! I think the seafood is absolutely delicious, they have their own recipe of green sauce, and I think my only complaint is that the tortillas are pretty crappy (falling apart, soggy etc). They should definitely invest in a better vender for tortillas ;b Oh and the enchiladas were so tasty! I had a green/cheese shrimp enchilada. AMAZING.
5	Delicious, fresh ingredients, fun atmosphere, reasonably priced.  This restaurant is a win all-around.  We went there this afternoon for a preschool fundraiser and had a great experience.  I really liked the white cajun beans.
5	Great Service and Great Atmosphere!Looking forward to going back! AND they have a sports book!The atmosphere is great, relaxing, and very clean. The service was excellent as well! The shrimp cajun tacos were to die for. Being from Southern California, this place takes me back home to Huntington Beach! So happy they opened up in Vegas!
2	Came here for quick bite before work, I see a lot of reviews talk about dry fish... It's not the fish that its dry, it's the cold white disk (tortilla) that they serve it on that makes it taste dry and hard to eat. I would only come back to this location for HH.
3	There are only two places I go for fast food... here is one of them. For around $8 bucks you can get a fish taco and enchilada that are really good and complimented by your choice of beans(blk or cajun) and rice(white or brown) and a tiny salad.Get a side of Mr. Lee's hot sauce for a $1 and heat it all up! Tried the wet baja lada tacos and they were a little to wet for my liking. Stick with the fish and it hits the spot at a very decent price.
3	Fun... Fast... Fairly Healthy (depending on what you order)Went to the location in Boca Park in Summerlin.I'm SoCA transplant so I really like the Wahoo's locations down at or near the beach.  They just seem to have better flair and flavor.I'll still go to Wahoo's in Vegas... but I long for the Wahoo's of SoCA.The Summerlin location has a small patio area so when it's nice outside you can get some Vitamin D.  However the patio is like sitting in the parking lot.  They also have a bar area so you can sit and have a beer at the bar while enjoying your fish tacos.My "go to" dishes at Wahoo's is always the fish tacos or the fish plate. IMO... this last Friday I ordered the Fish Plate... Grilled with White Rice and Black Beans.  The fish was dry... the rice was dry and flavorless... the black beans were ok.  The salsa and guac were fresh and very good.NET, NET.... I'll frequent Wahoo's because I keep hoping it'll be as good as the ones in SoCA...
3	Not bad.  I had shrimp quesadillas.  They were very cheese and a little greasy (as quesadillas are sometimes).  Not bad though.  Salsa was a little watery and not a lot of flavor.  Nice atmosphere.  I would come back for a beer and maybe to try something different.
4	Great beach vibe, wonderful ambiance, good tunes, plenty of TVs, great tacos, oh and did I mention $1.95 sixteen ounce Pacifico's.  This is my go-to spot when you are craving a beer and some great food.  Kick back, relax, and enjoy yourself.
5	Great service from Scott at the front counter. Awesome food. Light atmosphere.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE. I ordered takeout which was supposed to be ready in "15 minutes". It was ready in 15 but no one even looked at it or realized that people were waiting. We sat there for another ten minutes before I decided to ask someone. The guy attempts to tell me it isn't ready (after 30 min) and when I point to the to go boxes he realizes that it has been ready. He comes back with the food which wasn't even done well and forgets to put in the chips and salsa which I paid for. After telling him he forgot the chips, he comes back with a bag with about ten chips and one thing of salsa (when I paid EXTRA) for more salsa. All in all in was probably the worst takeout experience I've had. Bad service. Food was cold. No extra salsa that I paid for (which is ridiculous you have to pay for extra salsa). If you want Mexican food, you're better off with taco bell. Sad.
2	I gave this place a thumbs down and it deserves a thumbs down.  I think I would understand better what I was getting if I went back.  We went on a Wednesday night.  The place had some people but not busy.  You order from a line, not waitress service, which is fine.  The girl who took our order was not friendly and even though she could tell it was our first visit, didn't help us in any way (there are lots of ordering options here).  She got two of the 4 orders wrong.  It took over 20 minutes for us to get our food which is ridiculous considering it was nothing more than taking prepared meats and putting them in a tortilla.  They completely lost the order of the guy who ordered in front of me.  The girl who took our order and then left the order station and began running food, all the time chatting on her cellphone.  When we finally got our food, the tortillas were very tough as though they had been sitting out all day.  The fillings (meats) were pretty good.  This place has tons of potential but lacks in leadership and caring about the product they deliver.  It looks like a decent place to sit and drink though.  Nice outdoor seating.
3	Love the food and coronaritas but I HATE the outside service. Christy is the absolute worst server. She never comes outside to check so you have to go up to the bar and ask repeatedly for service. Even if you ask for a separate tab, it does not always happen so be prepared. Other than that, it is a really fun place that is worth coming to. Sitting outside is also nice but I would highly recommend to that they find a new server or up their staff especially on weekends.
3	We went here for lunch because we had seen a few good reviews, but I don't think it was as good as many people said it was.  The food was ok, but nothing special. We go to Mexico and Hawaii fairly often and always get fish tacos, so our bar for tasty tacos is high. The tacos here were average. We also had the steak teriyaki and it was lackluster as well. The teriyaki sauce was runny and bland. On top of all that, the soda machine was out. Of course we didn't know that until we got our drinks and took a swig of water and soda syrup. Yuck! We told an employee walking by and they told us that they knew about it and were trying to fix it. About 20 minutes later, we hadn't seen anyone about the soda, even though we saw them bring in soda in cans they had bought for people to have, but i didn't see any of those passed out either. We couldn't ask them to give us one because we couldn't get anyone to come over to us. Everyone seemed to be running around crazy like. I would have hoped to get sodas since we paid for them, but we never did nor did we get a refund on them. Quite disappointing. When we were getting ready to leave, and quite thirsty, a little boy, maybe 10 and obviously the owner's kid, came by with a sweet treat for my daughter and gave us coupons to come back. He was nice and cute and redeemed the place a little, but we were so thirsty and annoyed at the service that we were over it.
3	I was looking for something on the line of healthy and decided to give it a try.  I was greeted with smiles on the other side of the counter (simple but important). I ordered my meal to go and ordered 2 Cajun tacos with brown rice and black beans-with the green sauce on the side.  After I paid (it was around $8) the lady gave me my reciept and walked away. Doootadooo.... I stood there wondering if I should wait or should I find a seat???  Hm I made my way to a table to wait for my food.  While I waited I was checking out the great beachy decor.  The patio looks so amazing.  I will definitely be back for that.  Sent me right back to the laid back outdoor beach bars in California. Sigh. My food was brought to me and I was on my way.  The cashier yelled "have a great day" and that made up for leaving me in limbo afew mins ago. When I got back to the office it was on!  The tacos were great.  I couldnt tell if the tacos were spicy of the green sauce I was pouring on it was.  Love spicay!  I did notice that one taco had cheese and one didnt.  Not quite sure why or how that happened but either way they were pretty good.  BTW green sauce is fat free a huge plus. ;)  The rice and beans I had a little of but the tacos pretty much filled me up.So yes the atmosphere is cute, laid back and fun.  I definitely will be back to get my drink on - ON the patio this time and for sure will be doing the quicky lunch on my lunch break.  Nice guilt free lunch...just what I was looking for.  Success! =)
4	Went into Wahoo s Friday April 26 2013 It was crowded as usual However service is terrible They have gotten rid of all servers in the bar area you have to go to the bar to order everything they have changed the pork sliders (not as good ) I don t know why things needed to be changed (mayb e to save  money on overhead) terrible choice from management
4	I love me some Wahoo's Fish Tacos. I am so happy this place is in Summerlin. I love going and sitting on there patio. They have great deals on Pacifico Beer ( $ 2.00). How can you beat that? I normally get the fish taco plate with rice and beans and it is awesome. Last time I was there the cashier recommended the Outer Reef Burrito with fish. It was HUGE and so good. I ate the entire thing and did not regret it =) The only downfall is that it is very hot inside the actual restaurant. I don't think they have a/c. This stinks if there is no room on the patio and you are forced to sit inside.
2	TACOS? Not really.... first of all the tortilla was cold the shrimp was not good flavor wise and the fish one was ehh I also had a "carne asada" not good. The sides I Had white rice and Beans not good. the place is a cool hang out spot nice bar. If I ever come back it would be to have a drink at the bar but I wont even give the food another try. I have to say rubios is WAY better their tacos are actually good.
3	I like the Southern California atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and "waited" on us despite the "order, and take a number" style establishment.  All in all it was a good experience, but I wanted the tacos to taste better.  I'm going to give this place another try so I can hopefully bump the rating to four stars.
3	Love the decor, very beachy and fun. I tried 2 different tacos (carnitas and fish)and they were good but not great. I've only been once to this Boca Park location and will return to try some other menu items. I didn't spend time at the bar, but it looked nice and they have great drink specials, such as $2 Pacifico.
4	Oh a regular at another Wahoos? Who'd ever guess that of me? Well needless to say, if there is a Wahoo's near me, I will sniff it out and eat there. This is the second of three Wahoos found in Clark County, all just slightly not as good as the originals in California but respectfully do take care of my fish taco cravings. This location I actually prefer over the one off of Rainbow. Its a little brighter and the food is presented much nicer than the other one. One thing I can get on them about is that there are way too many people at the bar at 11 am. I mean really? Starting early much? Also the people at the front should pay a little more attention to the people willing to order instead of worrying about talking to the customers who are drinking.
5	I like the Southern California atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and "waited" on us despite the "order, and take a number" style establishment.  All in all it was a good experience, but I wanted the tacos to taste better.  I'm going to give this place another try so I can hopefully bump the rating to four stars.5/28/13-  I gave this place another try and I am so glad I did.  I had one of the better tasting chicken burritos I have ever had.  I had to bump up the rating from three stars to five because it was so delicious.  The staff was friendly again.  I really hope this business does well enough for a few more locations in the valley.
4	I love the vibe of this place in Boca Park! The atmosphere with the music playing and low key dress apparel makes this place comfy like being home. The food is delicious, and I always stick with the shrimp tacos that are the bomb!
4	Reminds me of California. The food was good, staff was friendly and I enjoyed the atmosphere.
5	1st of all, I consider this a hidden gem around boca park. Its not your typical taco shop but more of a up scale type. I tried the Kelua pork bowl with brown rice and man! Its bomb!!! I expected it to literally be in a bowl but it was served in a big plate with some veggies and beans. I can't wait to try other dishes but so far, it is very very tasty. 2nd of all, alot of parking stalls so it is not a problem. One thing to keep in mind is the lunch rush hour, we arrive around 12pm and a line greeted us. It did not take long though a good 10 min wait, but the great part of it. A big menu is facing your direction so you would not notice the time while reading other dishes. Lastly, I love the decorations focused more in a Hawaiian theme well it gives right. Wahoo Fish Taco, you will find many brands around the area. From a signed surf board to snowboard.
4	Really, really kinda diggin' this place!  Great, great location in Boca Park which I seem to drive by 5 times/day and closer to 15 on the weekends.  It sits in the same shopping area as Target, Starbucks, Justice (yes, I have two daughters), Total Wine, Tilly's and many other great places.  The family dined here and though kids are not allowed on the patio (which looks waaaay cool and comfortable given the right temperature and no summer winds), the inside is very cool, SoCal and beachy!  I love it!  There are TVs scattered throughout for my sports loving husband so that's always a bonus too. We had the chicken tacos and Wahoo salad.  The Wahoo salad was great - not amazing, but I'd definitely have it again.  Hubby had the chicken tacos which he said were really good.  No real complaints -- the menu is pretty diverse, you can order a cheeseburger if that's what your tummy desires! My daughter had the kids quesadilla which she devoured, but quesadillas aren't exactly a trick to make. We also had the chips n salsa which also was fine, not the best, but it was fresh and not bottled which is always nice. One thing - thus the less one star . . . . this is Vegas and the place is not air conditioned!!  Ceiling fans abound, but cmon, its 100 degrees outside.  Hubby was sweating as he ate his tacos!!  Maybe it makes for more beer drinking, I'm not sure, but A/C would've earned the 5th star Wahoo!
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place! We frequent it a couple times a week almost.. The food is always consistently delicious, the management and staff are very friendly.. especially Luulis! ( WE LOVE LUULIS! sp? ) The vibe is very kick back.. great atmosphere and great, healthy food! And you can't go wrong with the $2 beers on tap.. yummy!  A gem in Boca Park indeed! Try the $6 'brunch' on Saturdays and Sundays with all you can drink mimosas!
1	I'm not going to waste my time and write a five page review about this stupid place!1- Food was extremely over priced.  $12 for a bowl of black beans and rice!!2- We found an Ant in our plate.... WTF!!3- The dinning room was too hot like it felt warmer than out side. No A/C I guess!!4- The cashier kid (a little punk who wears a baseball hat - for your reference!) was hitting on my wife!! WTF!! 5- Too loud... you cant even hear anything.Don't waste your time or your money. There are way better Mexican places in town. AK (Las Vegas)
4	Wahoo's is fantastic. I used to frequent the  Costa Mesa and Laguna Beach locations when I lived in Orange County back in the 90s, so when the chain moved here I was elated. The food is just as great as it was then.  The burritos remain my favorites I items. Also the new bajaladas are great. I usually opt for black beans and white rice with extra poco de gallo. $2 Pacificos at happy hour seal the deal. Mmm.
4	Super stoked to try this place - but When you walk in this place, it's got a really good vibe, skate gear and logos splattered from wall to wall and has a real open floor plan. The problem is that you aren't sure whether to sit down or find somewhere to place an order. If you walk to the right, you'll find the bar, and this is actually where you place your order - it's quite odd. The menu is pretty clear, and hangs on the wall. Kacie was definitely rude. I asked her what was in draft. She huffed and said "blah blah blah Sam Adams" I asked which Sam Adams and she replied with "Uh...the regular one." Service fail, Kacie.The food was fantastic. I got the fish tacos and the husband got the shrimp tacos, we traded plates after eating one of each so we could share. Holy Moses! They were fantastic! I liked the fish better, but I had the shrimp second, so maybe that's why the tortilla was falling apart so much. It ended up being a big mess in my hand (that's what she said?). The Maui beer battered onion rings were an 'oh wow' situation. Absolutely delicious and came with ketchup and ranch. We'll absolutely be back for more. They're open until 2am, so a perfect spot for a late-night nosh. ...hopefully Kacie won't be there.
4	Really good food at an amazing price! I love the wahoo fries. They are smothered in cheese and your choice of meat for a measly 4 bucks! So good. Also the micheladas they make are the best hangover cure I've found yet! Sometimes the place is super packed but that is my only complaint!
4	Got take out. Very generous portions. I probably shouldn't have gotten the spicy white beans though, a little too spicy for me haha. Overall great food though! My 3 year old approves which is saying a lot.
4	Great carne asada burrito with guac and sour cream. My friend said "wow, small taco" but, after eating it said it tasted great. First time there, but will definitely return.
4	Just about as good as the rest.Whenever we used to drive to Cali for vacation, we almost always stopped at Wahoo's for some fish tacos!  Was just part of the trip.  Now...wow, we have multiple locations here in Las Vegas!  Who knew fish could swim to the desert?All the same food available at other Wahoo's can be had here.  They are turning into quite the chain!  Please guys don't get too much bigger because I would like the quality and down-home feel to stay the same.  Don't overdo corporate!Biggest difference here?  The ambiance.  In Cali I'm used to seeing surfers, skaters, and bums all partaking in the ritual that is a fish taco.  Now here in Vegas?  Businessmen, casino workers, and soccer moms!  What is going on?  Where is the sand?  Well we do have sand.  Where is the sun?  Well we do have sun.  Where is the smell of salt water and sun tan lotion?  It truly makes a difference.  My fish taco experience always follows with the smell of the beach and an ice cold Corona.  I do it like Vin Diesel & Paul Walker do!  It just feels off here in Las Vegas!Luckily the food is still A-OK.  Lots of healthy and nutritious eats with decent prices.  Although I did notice the prices at this location seem a tad higher than some of it's Cali counterparts.  No matter, at least now I don't have to drive to another state for my fish taco fix!I usually go to Wahoo's and order the same thing every time.  The combo with a fish burrito, fish taco, rice & black beans.  I love that teriyaki sauce they have so I always get a side of it for my burrito and my rice.  Asian I guess, can't get away from the soy sauce!  I love the crunch the cabbage provides on the fish taco, and I have a hard time replicating it at home.  Must be the fish I'm guessing, my damn cheap @$$ tilapia fillets aren't cutting it.  I enjoy the simple dressing on the burrito:  fish, pico de gallo, and their 'white sauce' (which I'm hoping is a sour cream concoction).  I kick that sucker up with teriyaki sauce and Tapatio....muy delicioso!  The side of rice & black beans fill my belly up to full.  Not a bad combo for around $8.  I've had their chicken and beef before on the tacos and burritos (and it's alright), but I constantly come back to the beloved fish taco.  Seems to be my favorite staple at Wahoo's.  Yeah...hello...Wahoo's FISH TACO!  So the damn fish better be good.This Wahoo's has a nice large bar area attached to the restaurant, and I can see that it is bustling most nights.  Probably have some happy hour specials I need to inquire about.  But the place is mainly a grab-and-go or stay for a quick meal type of place.  There's noise everywhere, so don't come here for no intimate date!As long as the crowds come and the food stay consistent, this Wahoo's should be just fine.  But guys, stop creeping up on the prices, eh?  That's like a great white shark ruining your wave.  Or Tara Reid, surviving the onslaught that is 'Sharknado'.
3	Nothing special
4	good food at a good price. I enjoy the vibe at this location, seems fun just to hang out a little while and the Pacifico's are nice and cold! could use to be cleaner, last time i was in, smelled like they used a dirty rag to clean, but all in all i enjoy this place.
4	I can't speak about the food, only the bar.  We had a blast here! The patrons and staff were friendly and the layout of the place makes for easy conversation.  It can get a little crammed if a crowd shows up, but nothing unbearable.
5	Excellent food! I work close by so Wahoo's Fish Taco in Boca Park become my almost  everyday healthy lunch destination. Nice environment and friendly staff. Definitely recommending!
4	Wahoo is more than the name of this place, it's the sound you make when you're here. I discovered wahoos in Cali and was so stoked that there was one so close to my job. It's not exactly hiding, but it's just in a location that very easy to not notice, at least for me, but now I always see itWhat I love about wahoos is the atmosphere. When I come for lunch it's a nice quiet restaurant, when I come for happy hour it's a raucous bar that happens to serve really good food. They have tons of drink specials from $2 pacificos, $6 patron and tons of nfl specials. The bartenders are always cool and good conversation even when it gets super busyThe food is well above average, as everything is build your own so you can get fish or shrimp on anything.im always there for a reef burrito and I throw fish on it. TL;DRa very good environment reminiscent of SoCal with good Mexican food and cheap alcohol
1	I visited wahoos yesterday. The cashier reyna was very rude to me when I ordered my food. She brought my food and my order was wrong.  She did not offer to have it remade. She told me with an attitude that this is what you ordered. I was very disappointed. When she walked away I heard her call me a bitch. I will never go back to that wahoos while she is working there!!!!! What kind of business hires people like that. What a shame.
3	I first learned about Wahoos in Southern California, it was pretty much my everyday lunch during my summers spent in Huntington Beach and during the winter months I would go to the one across the street from my job in Valencia. To say the least, I love this place. So I figured I'd share my love for this place with my girlfriend - we'd been saying we were going to visit this one since we moved out here a year ago because she has never been.  Finally we were on our way to Target and hungry, so it was perfect timing.  I've been hyping this place up so much you'd think I had shares in Wahoo stocks or something.We both got burritos and she also got the tortilla soup. To my disappointment, the soup was bland. Very bland. Like less flavor than Campbell's soup. It was literally chicken broth with an overload of canned veggies and a couple chunks of chicken. Needless to say she didn't finish it. After about 20 minutes of waiting for our burritos, we're discussing about just leaving and getting out money back due to the lengthy wait and lack of patrons. It didn't make sense. In the midst of waiting we had the pleasure of seeing the place robbed. Literally. Some guy stole the cash drop from the cashier and ran out of there. Quite the scene, if you ask me. Not that it was the restaurants fault for that, but after seeing that, our appetites were lost. Got a refund and quickly left with our money, just like the guy who robbed the place, but legally.Maybe next time Wahoos!
1	This is a Wanna be Mexican restaurant. Horrible food. I don't recommend this place for food. If you want to catch the game and a beer that's a great place just don't eat there.
5	Wahoos is my favorite bar in Vegas. With the chill environment and great food its the best bang for your buck in town. The burning roll is great and Pacifico is on tap. Definitely reccomend it
2	I really like the fact that Wahoo's will wrap any of their tacos in lettuce (low carb style) but I just can't get over how filthy their bathrooms were here. I mean, disgusting, public bus station levels of dirty (see my photo). I kept hearing my Gradmama's voice in my head saying "if the bathrooms are dirty, imagine how dirty the kitchen is," something she would always say. Even after I alerted three employees to the dire situation in the toilets (no paper, no hand soap -- GROSS), nobody cared to do anything about it. Because of this, I am not sure I will return because if people aren't washing their hands...well, you know what can happen! Luckily I had my emergency bottle of hand sanitizer in my handbag.Back to the food: the chips and guacamole were really bad. Don't waste your money paying for either. The shrimp and fish tacos were tasty. Nothing great but a good alternative to steak or chicken. The low carb tacos were served in big lettuce leaves that looked and felt like you were eating a "real" taco shell but they were topped with so much cabbage and lettuce "filler" that you only got a little spoonful of protein. I left here hungry and disgusted with the lack of cleanliness.
4	This place never disappoints when it comes to quick fresh food. I never feel like a disgusting slob full of grease leaving Wahoo's. They have a dish for everyone including vegetarians. The Decor is really cool with the walls being covered in Action Sports memorabilia.  There's also tv's everywhere for the sports fanatics.
4	The prices are relatively cheap and affordable, with a decent amount of bang for ur buck. I adore the kids bowls as the portion is just right for an easy snack that'll keep you going for the next couple hours. I've also tried the chicken and carne asada quesadilla (2 separate ones) and both are DELICIOUS! though I like the carne asada one better. They also have option for tofu and being that my gf is vegan and vegetarian makes eating really easy. The tofu bowl is her favorite and is quit delicious. Also love the decore makes you feel like your at a taco shop in Cali on the beach somewhere, weird how the place originated from Cali. HahaI also love the brown rice option. :) Makes me feel a little better about going out to eat all the time... XD In any case, we all left happily ever after! Till next time!
4	Prices are reasonable with decent portions.  Not incredibly sure when exactly happy hour is, but I swear every time I'm there there is some sort of special going on.  Went there on a Sunday at 6pm and had $3 big boy Blue Moons!  Sweet!I prefer the bar area to the dining room, but it can get full in their pretty quickly.  There's also an outdoor dining area attached tot he bar area that I would think would be awesome for parties.I'm a fan of the food too - ingredient lists are readily available w/ carlorie count on my items as well.  Super easy to stay on target with your diet (you can also induldge as well - win win for everyone!)
4	Best fish taco's I've had in a while. Grilled Fish tacos are fresh and with little bit of lime juice and Mr.Lee's special sauce they are like heaven. Tacos are about $2/piece and they compliment $2/beer perfectly. If you want to grab a quick grub that's somewhat healthy than I would highly recommend this place. Also, the bartenders are very friendly.
5	This place is delicious! Reasonably priced and fresh food and ingredients, you can tell with each bite. The beer is pretty cheap (I think they offer $3 dos Equis or Pacifica or something) and the atmosphere is pretty cool, more of a hang out with the guys kind of atmosphere, but my wife and I love this place and their food
3	Went here for lunch today and had a good experience.  I give it three stars for the food quality, flavor, and the details (stocked soda station etc.). The decor was good; however, it would have been better if more time was spent investing in quality food.  I got the shrimp bowl and added pico de gallo, white rice, black beans, and lettuce.  I had the cilantro dressing with it.  There was a fair amount of shrimp which was nice.The thing was, it was the cheap tiny little baby shrimps. I was really disappointed with that since it was the basis of my meal.  The prices were relatively reasonable, but baby shrimp with rice and beans is definitely not worth the eight bucks i paid.  The pico was okay, it didn't have too much flavor.  The soda station was not fully stocked at all which was strange because it was not busy at all.  I liked the bar lay out with the open garage like doors.  Go ahead and give this place a try if you really want, but chiptole or baja fresh are MUCH better tasting and you get way more bang for your buck!!!
1	I would suggest not going to this place. The service is terrible. We had a coupon from the radio shopping show to try this place out. They would not honor the coupon and ruined the night for everyone involved. It is a mystery why they would take the effort try to drum up business by putting out a coupon and then be so rude about not honoring it. They lost my business forever.
3	Well... it was okay. I definitely had higher expectations for this place, but I'm not exactly sure why. Wahoo's is super cute, very clean and everyone was extremely friendly. I enjoyed the surf/skate motif and found it really visually appealing. I wasn't quite sure what to order, but I ended up with a shrimp soft taco and a Cajun grilled fish enchillada. It totaled just under $7. You basically place your order at the bar and then they give you a number placard and they'll bring it out to you. Self seating. The restaurant was pretty empty, but it did seem to take awhile for the food to finally come out. It was good, very spicy and flavorful, but not very filling at all. The taco had a LOT of cabbage on it and was really small and difficult to pick up. I gave up trying and just ate it with a knife and fork. The enchillada was pretty good, but again on the small side.I guess Wahoo's is fine if you are craving Mexican and seafood in a nice atmosphere, but I just felt a little let down. I think I could have had a more satisfying meal elsewhere for the same amount.
5	GREAT PLACE FOR TACO'S!!, Reasonably priced for fresh, made to order food. Fish taco's a must, than the beef carnitas, great flavor, loaded with fresh cabbage, also great pico de gallo salsa.also cheese enchilada very favorable.Employees are very nice, mgr. Steve very customer service oriented.Overall, a great and economical stop with fresh food, including brown rice and tofu!!Highly recommend for a quick lunch or dinner!!!
5	This location is vastly superior to the one in Spring Valley.  The food was prepared wonderfully, the portion size was great, and the food was a good value.  Kyrie who was tending the bar was a joy to be around.  She was funny, interacted with the clients, and was everything you look for in a bartender.  We'll probably come back just to see her.
4	Cheap. Delicious. Cali-Mexican. There Cajun chicken is to die for. This is always a fun spot that a bunch of friends end up at after hanging out at the bars in the area. The staff here seem really cleanly and friendly. They have a discount for all bar, casino and restaurant employees with valid proof from 9pm-8am!!! Love the locals discount portion.
5	I just love how this place is diet friendly!  Chicken soup: 45 calories.  Grilled fish taco: 170 calories.  Three different kinds of iced tea: 0 calories!  Cheaper than cafe at Life Time Fitness.  Friendly service.  Love.
3	Wahoos was my spot in highschool so much so that I kinda went on burn out. Not only was there one close to my house, there was one near one of my favorite surf spots. I haven't eaten one in years and figured I should check it out. I got a grilled fish bowl which comes with a choice of beans and rice and a bit of pico garnish. Fish was a bit dry, they could have taken it off the grill sooner, beans and rice were standard and fine. The BF got a fish burrito and said it was alright.Ask for some limes and sauces to dress it to your liking. They have sauces they don't really mention on the menu nor ask you if you want like their green sauce, white sauce, teriyaki or the Mr. Lees which is a spicy tomato paste sauce.I feel like it was somehow better when in HS, but they've been in California for a long time. Apparently this is a good spot to watch sports, and there is a patio to enjoy on nice days. Full bar and drink specials are available too.It's a A-OK spot, specially if you are looking for a inexpensive, somewhat healthier food option.
1	Food is excellent as always.  We eat at wahoos in foothill ranch, ca all the time.  The really bad part of this experience was the service.  It was a 45 min wait from the time we ordered and there was only a couple people in line ahead of us. No one followed up with us after we asked about our food. The kids nachos had hardly any cheese and we had to send them back.....after 45 minute wait! We told the staff about our dissatisfaction and they just shrugged their shoulders. In addition the bar was full of drunks who were dropping f bombs as we sat there with our kids.
4	It gets a little loud at times but the rice is out of this world!  I used to live in Brazil and the rice here sends me back. Love it, love it, love it!
2	Mehhh.. Not bad, not great.Stopped by for lunch today and ordered a Cajun fish taco and shrimp taco. Came out to be a little over $6.00. The tacos had more tortilla than meat so a bit steep for the price.Restaurant was spacious and clean. The only other time I've had wahoos was in Cali and we enjoyed our meal then. I'll give one more shot. Possibly try something else before completely giving up on it.
1	I previously craved this place and was a very very frequent customer.  The service went steadily downhill....and the last time I dined there I was very sick for 2 days.  I even tried to call the manager who did not seem at all interested in hearing about our experience.   Sadly I am not going back.
2	I used to come here often...both with the kids for food and also with the guys for drinks at the bar.  Tough to beat $2 Pacificos all night long.  We visited last Friday night for dinner at around 7pm and the restaurant was empty.  I believe there was one other table of diners and about 7-8 rowdy drinkers at the bar.  One of the reasons we stopped coming to the bar was they attract a rough crowd.  Tattoos, smoking pot in the parking lot... Not passing judgment... Just not my scene.  So tonight we order and sit at our table.  They had one guy working the cashier.  A young guy with black spiky hair.  The same guy was also delivering food to the tables.  Even though the restaurant was empty, he provided such poor service we'll never return to a Vegas Wahoos again.  We'll just wait until we go to Huntington Beach where they do it right.  When he delivered the first portion of our food, I asked him for the green sauce.  He gave me a look as if I was being a pain, but he returned with the sauce.  When he returned with the rest of our order, my son asked for a knife.  He literally rolled his eyes and went straight to the bathroom.  Now I know it's annoying when guests asked for things...especially when they don't ask for them at the same time, but our whole table was shocked at his response.  We looked at each other and waited to see whether he was going to come back.  Finally my 12 year old son got up and went behind the kitchen area to get his own knife!!!   Hahaha.  Unbelievable.When the guy returned from the bathroom, I figured he would deliver the knife.   Nope...he stood in front of the TV and watched sports!!!  Check out the photo!!!  The founder of Wahoo's was here at the grand opening.  He should reconsider his choice for area developer.  They know nothing about customer service.
5	As a California native saying I was excited to find not just one but at least THREE Wahoo's in Las Vegas is an understatement. My girlfriend and I would frequent the location near the 215 and Rainbow off Sunset quite often on our lunch breaks. The staff was great and knew us by name, but it never really felt like a Wahoo's like back home. There were no windows :(By luck we found this Wahoo's while on a work errand one day. WHAT. A. TREAT. We happened to sit down at the outside bar at just the right time of day and just the right time of the year. The breeze blowing on our backs kept us cool as the sun beat down from the sky. The tasty ice cold draft Pacifico ran down my throat and at the exact time we silently soaked in the glory, turned to look at each other and realized we had found it. It felt JUST like we were sitting on the Southern California Coast. It feels JUST like home. There is a open patio with couches and a fire pit next to the indoor/outdoor bar, and the corner location is perfect boasting floor to ceiling windowed walls. It's nice and open.I've always been a huge fan of the Baja-ladas. Flour tortillas filled with chicken, tomatoes, spinach, and cream cheese. Pair that with a frosty draft beer and you are set.This Wahoo's has a "house special" green sauce. They mix some spicy chili powder goodness into the already great green sauce. BOMB DOT COM.The location of this Wahoo's is to-die-for. It's located right smack dab in the middle of Boca Park surrounded by great shops and minutes from Red Rock Casino.I can't deny that I am SUPER stoked to be moving into my new apartment right around the corner from here very soon!!
4	First time here... I love places like this, we ordered Taquitos as an appetizer, then husband had the grilled fish bowl, I had the pork bowl..   Quick, friendly service, Taquitos unremarkable, can get those anywhere... Husband liked the grilled fish, cooked well, beans and rice seasoned well, large portions, I took half of mine home for dinner that night.  Very good, coming back to try fish tacos.  thumbs up
4	I come here more for the atmosphere than the food, although the food is very good...but Wahoo's reminds me of a Pacific Beach taco shack, complete with the surf and skate decor. And of course I can't resist the piped in music-  80's and 90's new wave and punk: The Smiths, English Beat, Peter Murphy, and the Pixies, to name a few. Love it! Try the shrimp tacos, black beans, and seasoned rice...
4	Hadn't been here before, despite having locations in both Cali and Texas, when I've lived in both.Another review, for another location, mentioned how healthy, tasty, and low-cal the shrimp burritos are here, and that is what I came for.Ordered to go. Loved the beachy atmosphere with the tiki bar area, projected surfing/ocean scenes, and chill music. This is easily a place I could hang out for a while.Service was friendly. Waited for my order at the bar, where I was asked for my ID even though I was just waiting. Bartendress was super sweet and apologetic about it.Got the classic shrimp burrito, total was under $7 but it's not a burrito that is a meal on it's own (for my massive appetite). Flavors were good and fresh, simple shrimp in a teriyaki-like sauce with a bit of kick to it. Cabbage slaw, cheese, and very little else kept things fresh and healthy: no rice and beans in here!Noticed they also had signage up that they'd recently added salmon to the menu- asked what cost would be for a salmon burrito on my next visit, and price was still under $7. Not bad at all!Very pleasantly surprised by food quality, pricing, interior decor, and service here.Side note: Gave an extra star for their transparency with nutrition info. Their website has an easily-found PDF file, their store has a printout, containing every dish offered here, with all meat combinations and condiments, with calorie listings and other data for health-conscious diners! Every place should offer this!
3	Noting special. Good but I wouldn't say great. I went around lunch time and there was no line and the food came out fairly fast. Servers were nice. I feel like for the size of this place they could use more restrooms. I wanted to wash my hands before eating and there's only 2 private restrooms both occupied so there was a bit of a wait just to use the sink. I ordered the #2 fish taco with the cabbage on top, carne asada enchilada, brown rice, and black beans.  The enchilada has an option of a spicy sauce  on top and they are not joking when they say spicy! It had a good little kick to it. I heard a lot of great things about this place from a few people  and I was finally in the area to check it out. Food was good but I was expecting it to be a little more tasty for all the hype. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back there but If I'm in the area and in the mood I'll probably check it out again.
1	Wahoos fish taco's restaurant may be appealing to the human eyes, due to the beachy decorations and atmosphere. I must say that the fish were very soggy and tasted like a mop. Parts of the fish were undercooked, thank god I made the choice to hault my mouth from reaching the food. I don't trust those animals with my food. I have realized that the fish may not even be real. It had a fake taste to it and has a weird texture. I think it is safe to say I will never eat there again :) have a food day.
3	My hubby and I wanted to try something new for lunch ....we saw this place and decided to give it a try ... The atmosphere was pretty cool but the food was bland and just uneventful .. I got the laguna grande with a fish taco and three rolled tacos it tasted like it was frozen .. my husband got the carne asada burrito and there was nothing special there either .... really think this place could be cool if they got the food right ...here's hoping
5	Every part of this place is great.  From the service to the food to the beer to the atmosphere.  There are two seating options when you get there: bar or restaurant.  The guys at the cash registers have been friendly each time offering to take our order with a smile on their faces.We sit in the bar where the bartender is very friendly and I've met three different bartenders.  We've sat at the bar as well as in their lounge area and the waitstaff is very friendly and will joke back and forth with you.Then add in their food, and its amazing.  Whoever is responsible for coming up with their awesome menu should get a raise!  Fish tacos, carne asada tacos, salso...all of it is amazing so get ready for your taste buds to thank you!
4	Oh, what this place could have been!  Think of this place as the Vegas version of the little corner joint on Wilshire Blvd.  This place SO reminds me of calypso music:  the kind you listen to on an ultimate Sunday afternoon, lounging around with a glass of pina colada in your hand, getting slowly and happily drunk.  So ultimately my disappointment with the food will certainly get a chance to redeem itself the next time I go back.Located in another "oh, what it could have been" place, Boca Park, you find yourself in a bright, surfing USA type setting with lots of bright color accents on white base.  The place has active but laid-back energy that fits the setting as well.  Upon walking in, there is an order counter in front, tables to the left and behind the counter, and a large bar to the right.  There are TVs everywhere including all around the large square bar, a perfect place to watch the games and drink to your delight.  You literally feel like you're at some divey surfer bar, sans the grime and sand.  The staff is pleasant and acceptably prompt, and orders are efficiently filled although I wouldn't say it's lightening fast.  We tried carne asada, pescado, and carnitas tacos, and all were acceptable without being outstanding.  It looks delicious, but is somewhat underwhelming and that 3-star food results in the loss of a big star from the 5-star setting.  However it is certainly more than adequate for Saturday and Sunday afternoons watching football, avoiding the typical dark, cave-like settings most bars seem to think everybody wants.  So it almost is the perfect sports bar - now only if they had better food and some calypso music!Table-for-1 Factor:  I could see myself sitting at the bar for hours by myself...
2	Wahoo's is your typical american-Mexican place, which I usually do not have a problem with as long as the flavors are there.  Unfortunately, thats not the case here. The atmosphere is hip and pretty laid back, however, the food is pretty mediocre. Wahoos has nothing on cafe rio! They do have a bar are which is usually pretty fun with an outside patio so its not like most Mexican restaurants. I would recommend the place for happy hour drinks but not necessarily for the food!
1	I'm pretty upset with my experience here. The first thing I did when I walked in was check out the the menu up front. I checked all the options and saw the Fast Break burrito for $5.95 and compared to the rest of the items, it seemed favorable. When I went to the register my girlfriend and I ordered the Fast Break burrito. When I was ready to pay it came out higher than I expected. I asked Irany why it was higher than advertised and she argued that's how much it was. My girl friend had to go to the menu up front just to point it out. Irany and her coworker just laughed it off and said that's an old price, her manager would take it down. That got me upset. When I got my food, the Fast Break Cajun Chicken burrito, It was OKAY. Although the chicken had a lot of flavor, the rest of the burrito was quite bland. It was only rice and little sauce. I will not be returning.
3	The customer service here isn't the greatest, but my SO and I have recently discovered that their fish tacos are actually pretttty darn good.Every taco has a nice, meaty cut of fish. No skimpy filet here! We order it Cajun, as I'm sure the regular grilled fish tastes bland or rather ordinary. The Cajun fish tacos are best with citrus slaw and is worth the few extra cents. Although the fish is inconsistent (sometimes perfectly flaky, other times, dry), I really do enjoy the flavors: the fish is spicy and flavorful, the slaw is crunchy and tangy, and the tortilla it is so delicately wrapped in is slightly sweet.I honestly don't feel comfortable sitting here or staying too long. It doesn't look very neat. The walls are a cool shade of blue and covered in posters and signs. Coming inside, there's a bar to the right, which I assume is for sports fans who like to chomp on burritos while watching a game. Overall, I'd endure having to talk to someone with little to no genuine interest in customer satisfaction just to have a few perfect bites of fish-y goodness... To go, of course.
4	Good spot for a quick lunch or if you are a true fan.  Came here with some work buddies for a bite.  No complaints and quick service.I got the Wahoos salad with their fish.  Love it.  Fresh and simple.  Personal aside, the music here is great.  Chill atmosphere for sure.
4	First time here and it was. A good experience. I love the atmosphere. The place is decorated in a southern California Surf/Skate theme. I ordered the cajun fish tacos with citrus slaw and it was very good. The fish was a little on the dry side but not too bad. The flavor was good and the citrus slaw was perfect with the fish. While not the best fish tacos I have had. They are very good and I will be back here.
3	Eating at Wahoo's definitely reminds me of college days in San Diego :)I grew up in SoCal, and embarrassingly had never eaten at Wahoo's....I mean, it's a chain fish taco place, how could it be any better than El Pescador or The Best Fish Tacos in Ensada? Well, okay, it's not.... BUT it's darn good for a grilled fresh fish taco and considering I'm in the middle of the desert, that's pretty awesome!  I have a hard time deciding between the original style vs. the citrus slaw bc both are equally yummy in my opinion: the citrus slaw is fresh and compliments the fish well, but the green sauce is soooo good!  I always just end up ordering one of each! Problem solved!The decor here is casual surfer/skater hangout, and they're always playing chill rock/alt that reminds me of carefree high school days in the sun. The bar always has at least 2-3 people there (even in the early weekday afternoon!), and I can only imagine it being more popular after work lets out. I live so close to Boca Park, I'll be back often!! Kowabunga dude!PS- free wifi!
3	Being that I'm from where the original location was I'm probably being very critical. Have eaten here several times. Most times is pretty good although I have gotten the fish tacos a little dry. But, that's what hot sauce is for. I'm told they are going to start staying open 24 hours which is cool. Outside bar that can be a cool little hangout at night. I would give more stars but... I'll leave that for the original location.
1	Sat at a mostly empty bar took the bartender Nikole about 10-15 minutes to even acknowledge me and had a rude attitude and large use of continuous profanity. Food was good I ordered from the restaurant with decent prices but ate my food and went elsewhere due to that bartender
2	I've been curious about Wahoo's since I saw it appear in Boca Park. I'm probably behind the times here, it's probably been open for YEARS, but I've never made my way here. Typically I head to Rubio's if I want fish tacos, but I happened to be in the area and Wahoo's was close. Because I'm comparing the fish tacos to many, many fish tacos I have eaten in my day the rating is low. The inside of the restaurant is a little out-there for me - the artwork on the tables, the over-done surfer theme, etc. I get it, but it's kind of too in your face.Service was OK. I got my food to-go so I can't comment on much besides the woman who took my order. I asked for recommendations and she couldn't really help me out, so I just said, give me fish tacos. But then I had to go through - do I want them Cajun style? Do I want a combo? Do I want cole slaw/regular dressings on them? The good thing here is - the variety.I ended up with a 2-taco combo with brown rice and black beans. The rice was disappointing mostly because I expect rice to have a bit more flavor at joints like this, especially with the "taco" theme (think: spice, not: bland). Beans were well-cooked and flavorful. Tacos - I got one of each: one regular fish, one Cajun flavored. Believe me, get the Cajun flavored all the way. The regular fish taco was a huge let down compared to the Cajun. I also got the slaw topping, which was OK, save for the bits of CILANTRO I had to pick out of my tacos. *shakes in disgust* All in all the flavors are there, but these fish tacos were a bit on the small side IMO.Overall I've had better fish tacos elsewhere and I will most likely be heading to Rubio's the next time I have a craving.
2	Don't bother. Food is bland. Service is eh. I ordered 4 enchiladas, they came on four separate plates which was a little awkward. If you get stuck there, go with the shrimp or Cajun fish.
2	Another chain restaurant that purports to be mexican but is not. The food is also very mediocre.
1	I used to like this place but wow,  it's gone down so bad. I've given it a few tries before writing this place off but now I'm done here. It's empty and I know why. When we walk in we're greeted by a guy who looks like he's hungover from the night before and could care less about having a job. Anyways 22 minutes pass by before getting our food in this empty place. As the server comes out everyone in the kitchen is looking or way and it just seems...awkward. the food was ok, I felt weird eating it. As I was going to get more water I look into my cup and it's filthy inside it. What in the world was I drinking?  This place has poor customer service and is filthy and I will never return again.
5	I love wahoos!! There are so many healthy and delicious food items on the menu! The staff is great and the prices are very reasonable! Surfboards, bikes, and skateboards give the restaurant & bar that "So Cal" beach vibe! I would highly recommend Wahoos to anyone! Two thumbs up!!!!!!!!
1	After eating here for the first time I realized I would have been better off going to Wendy's instead.  My food was terrible.  And, how the fu@k do you run out of forks when nobody is in your establishment?  Won't ever be eating here again.  Save yourself the disappointment and go to any of the other nearby restaurants. F this place.  F them right in the ear.
2	Just ok.  I had two taco entree and it seemed bland. Rice was tasteless but the black beans were tasty Lunchtime had 5 tAbles occupied. Cool theme. Music army a decent level so we could talk Food was delivered to table no one every came by to check if things were fine  there are a bunch of hot sauces in a 6 pack on the table. Mine were mostly empty or filthy - I grabbed an adjacent tables 6 pack. Underwhelming, probably would not return
5	Love this place.  Best fish tacos that remind me of Cabo.  Friendly staff are a lot of fun.  It has an open air patio with a fire pit.  The place is really clean and a lot of families come in to eat.  If you like Mexican food, this is it!  They also have great bar food and 24 hour breakfast.  It's the place to watch a game and the staff will change the channel on any of their 10 huge flat screens.
3	This restaurant would get a higher rating if it weren't for one word: cilantro.If you don't like cilantro, don't go to Wahoo's. While they make a tasty fish taco (and fish burrito), all of their dishes are swimming in the soapy herb. That's not really a problem for me, but my husband HATES cilantro, and it overpowered each bite of his burrito.The staff was friendly, the prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere was laid back. And I like the fact that you have the option of white rice or brown, and white beans or black. But it's unfortunate that you don't really have the option of "no cilantro," because it is everywhere!
5	Delicious and low calorie!  I had the skinny tacos at only 107 calories each. I had 3. One grilled fish, 1 Cajun chicken and one steak. The fish and chicken were my favorites.
3	My wife finally talked me into going here. Fish tacos...how cliche I said. And I was right. Good but nothing to make me say, I need to come back here. I had the fish (duh) although they do have chicken,beef, etc., and it was good but again, nothing super awesome. They have some decent beans too, I always lean towards the black beans.Honestly, I'd come back, it's not expensive and you know what you'll get anyway and sometimes that's all you need.
