5	Finally!  Fabulous bagels and coffee in Lake Wylie!I'm giving 5 stars for the absolute best bagels I've had outside of NY State, as well as yummy cappuccino and super-friendly and fast service (they even have a drive-thru!).  And the prices are very reasonable, considering the quality of their product.They also offer different delicious pastries and other sweets daily (which I'm embarrassed to admit, I've tried too many), as well as frozen yogurt.I would go out of my way for their bagels and coffee, but I'm glad I don't have to.
5	Great place. Friendly staff, great bagels, and coffee!!!
5	We moved back to South Carolina after 15 years in Massachusetts.  Up that way, finding a good bagel is like looking for gold in a jewelry store.  Hint - not too difficult.  However, in the greater Charlotte area... best of luck.  Sure, you can get a decent bagel at a local chain but for a truly great bagel????Well, Ahoy Mateys.... off to Bagel Boat you should go.  The bagels are fresh and delicious not to mention bigger than my head... okay, that's an exaggeration... I have a really big head.And, the owner Frank is a CLASS ACT.  Employees are friendly and customer service oriented.The interior is cozy yet spacious with room for privacy.  However, I always seem to be in a hurry so through the drive thru I go.  Speaking of which, so convenient.You owe yourself a trip to "The Boat"!
5	Awesome place - more than bagels! Fresh food and drinks with lots of flavors.  And a drive thru so my lazy butt can stay in the car.  Very friendly staff as well.
5	Some of the best bagels I've had and the owner was nice enough to bake some fresh everything bagels as the were out. Good coffee too! Glad to find a good place for bagels so close to home.
5	Great food, great service, clean and a comfortable setting.  Will definitely return!!!
2	The reviews brought us to this place.  At arrival, I liked the look and feel of the place and we were hopeful of getting great tasting bagels and bagel breakfast sandwiches.  In short, the bagels were not 'alive'.  The texture was off and the actual flavor was just ok.  My review is based on other bagels I have tried here in Charlotte (Poppy's) and in nyc where I spent the first 25 years of my life.  I wish this place had great bagels because we live in the area and have nothing similar close by. :(
3	Bagels are good, selection is good, restaurant is clean, and the waitstaff is friendly.  On the downside: prices are too high; above what comparable CLT area bagel places charge.  Recently, my Mother In Law bought us bagels, and was charged an additional .25 or .50 cents (don't remember which), per bagel, for extra butter.  Fortunately for me, the bagels had little butter...good for me, because I don't like heavily buttered bagels.It isn't that my Wife & I, or our families, don't have the money; we do.  But every time we frequent the bagelry, we feel like we're getting nickle-and-dimed.I'm sure different a pricing strategy (e.g. not charging extra for butter, offering a baker's dozen, offering minor condiments at little or no cost), would drive in many more people.This bagelry has a lot going for it.  Perhaps they could do more "in house," to bring down retail prices.
4	The Bagel Boat has the greatest verity of bagels. Also has great desserts. My favorite is the tiramisu.. The coffee is great too. There is a verity of lunch choices. I had those as well. The service is the best. Very friendly and quick. I stop in every Friday for my BB fix from my coffee to my bagel to the friendly service.Overall a great place with great food and great service!
5	Terrific!  Did I just teleport to New Jersey?? Most mornings all I want is a bagel with taylor ham..thank you Bagel Boat for making all my breakfast dreams come true.  And you have a drive thru!! I'm crying sesame seeds of food joy right now.
5	The bagels are really good and the frozen custard is too. The best part, though, is the owner. He is wonderful, cheerful, patient, and has set up a whole area just for kids with games, kid chairs, and books, so the whole family can enjoy. I highly recommend it!
4	We adore the Bagel Boat.  The owner is one of the best things about this place.  .  He is so personable, greets everyone he can, remembers people and seems to actually care about having a conversation with you.  They are always very concerned with the length of the drive-thru line and do everything they can to help serve people faster.  I stop here a lot, lol.  Usually we go for breakfast, haven't really tried anything else, except the chocolate and vanilla custard ice cream cones.  They are fab, get one some day.  Bagels are cooked fresh, everything is always great quality.  The menu could use a little tweaking, which is the only reason I took away 1 star.  Taylor ham (awesome that they have it!) tastes microwaved (I'm sure to save time), but it's still worth it.  . Quiche is served cold, which was quite a surprise to me one day (lol).  Didn't order that again, but it could have been a mistake.  Hot chai latte is yummy, much prefer it to the iced version.  The private rooms are great, as is the place for little kids.  Did I mention what a sweetheart the owner is?  That alone would keep me coming back.  Happy to support them!
4	Bagel Boat bagels are GREAT!!!  They're so NY like. They are full, and both the top and the bottom have the seasoning (e.g. the sesame the everything, etc. has the bagel coated top and bottom) unlike Poppy and other places in the area.The cream cheese offerings are made there and are also wonderful. My favorite is the green olive!OK and the coffee. Yum. Can't forget to tell you about the dessert choices....  Dean and Deluca style. And my new time favorite..  Pastrami bagel sandwich.I've been going to the BB since it's opened. Service is great, food is great. Love the atmosphere..mural painting of the lake. Oh and now that the weather is chilling up....  Soups on!Enjoy!
4	U heard they had NY bagels there so we tried it out today omg they were almost as good I got everything bagel with tuna salad it was very good I got the lobster bisque soup as well not so great but super cheap $2 I should have known with that price but that's the only complaint here I will for sure be back!
4	I've been off work and thus taking my 2 daughters to school this week. We've been stopping for breakfast on the way, first Dunkin Donuts (Rock Hill), then chic-fil-a (Rivergate) twice Today, to end an argument, I told them we were going to a new place, the Bagel Boat. Found via courtesy of Yelp! We all thought the place was very cool. First, I really like the home grown places, if they are good, because they just have more character than the mass market chain stores. This place has loads of character and excellent food. The bagels were top notch. We all got the bagel sandwich, egg, with your favorite meat (bacon, ham, sausage). The staff were super friendly, and the service was very fast. They also have shakes, smoothies, frozen yogurt, but we saved that for one day after school. All in all, a great little establishment. I have a new fav place to eat a quick breakfast in Lake Wylie. If you are in the Rivergate area, take the 5 minutes to drive down south 49, just across the lake, and upgrade your standard quick breakfast fare at the Bagel Boat.
2	Coffee is not good.  Bagels are ok...not great by far.  The owner was cheerful but he put a lot of money into digital mocha machine, really fancy but didn't focus on the house brew which I consider to be the cornerstone of a breakfast place.  The bagels are not made at the bagel boat they are brought in from somewhere.  I'm not sure those bagels were boiled.The place is quaint and quite frankly seems to be trying to find its identity.  It serves everything from bagels to soups to frozen custards...The frozen custard was from a mix not from natural ingredients.  It was more like a soft serve where bags of ingredients are dumped in a machine.  The chocolate had little flavor and wasn't smooth and creamy.
5	Since I moved to SC this has been one of my fave breakfast places to go they are super friendly and have the bomb bagels asiago cheese bagel is yummy! Coffee is fresh and you can't beat the prices for sure if your in the area you should stop by!
