5	Honestly, I am one of those people who never really ate desserts. Let alone pie. To me, pie was always one of those pastries that ended up either overstuffed with sugar masquerading as fruit filling, or too much soggy crust with a tiny bit of flavor to scrape by. Needless to say, I am now a convert-- if only for the pies of Louis and Wren aka the Pie Guys.
5	The PPG puts love into each and every pie - enough said. Anyone that can bake as many pies in the wee hours of the night (and morning) AND love every second of it is a baker I want to support.I particularly enjoy the pies because they are loaded with fresh fruit, local ingredients, and they are not overly sweet (as I find most pies to be). Everything is made from scratch...even the graham crackers that goes into some of his crusts! The PPG is always changing his offering of pies to reflect the season and freshness of his local ingredients - so he always has something new that I want to order.Long story short - The Pittsburgh Pie Guy uses local ingredients, makes delicious pies, and loves what he does. ORDER HIS PIES PEOPLE!
5	I visited Pittsburgh a couple months ago and got to try one of these pies. And... oh my god! First, it looked so beautiful and so perfectly cooked that there was no way someone would look at it and not want to try it. And the taste was even better, of course. Unfortunately I tried only one flavor but I already know I can say that this guy knows what he is doing. I hope his business keeps growing so maybe some day soon we will be able to get them here in Houston. I know maybe I am just dreaming right now but that would be more than amazing.
5	Mythical Pie Guy gracing the land,great, local ingredients in hand.From Chicken Potto Pecan...Pies not easily forgot, The best to munch on!I may suck at poetry, but I'm pretty good at devouring Louis' and Ren's pies. Obviously I loooove the Pittsburgh Pie Guy's Pies. If you're looking for a phenomenal pie that is made with the bessst locally purchased ingredients that are treated ethically (not only of employees and volunteers, but also of the animals in the meat pies!), then you've found it with PPG!
5	Here's one for you...lamb and blue cheese pie.  Crazy?  Crazy delicious!  Can't wait to try a dessert pie :-)
