2	My kids brought me here after observing the condition of my beloved Magnum Vipers (... not THOSE kind of Magnums! They're Police shoes... http://www.yelp.com/biz/magnum-viper-low-boot-modesto#hrid:97tXtdP2cGbj0NsVfNRCSQ ). They were still in OK condition. But to satisfy my kids' demands and to alleviate their embarrassment... I'll check it out at Big 5 to really see if they sell Magnum's. When we arrived... I was really surprised to find out that they DO sell Magnum's... just the high-tops, though. The sales price for the Magnum Vipers High Tops were around $59, best price on the Internet would be $79. BUT, and I really emphasize BUT, the width of the Magnum's on sale were "EE". In fact, all the shoes I was interested in were "EE". How odd is that? Models of every shoe I was interested in, only a "EE" width available... Is that a coincidence, or what?Now, I get it... Big 5 sells things, probably from other store's overstock, that are a really odd size. Good price, only if you're a "EE"... Didn't buy a thing...To make sure this was not an anomaly, we went to another Big 5 ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-5-sporting-goods-las-vegas ) a few days later... same story.
4	I generally go to this Big 5 store to get my hiking boots.  I have also purchased some hiking related items here and I have always been pleased with the price.  The staff is helpful.The kind of boots I get are always being changed by the manufacturer - Hi-Tec - so I am sometimes on the go between stores to stock up on the models I like before they're gone from Big 5.I like Big 5.
5	I go to the store on Maryland and have ALWAYS had a good experience with Big 5. I like that they stand behind the products they sell and whenever there has been a problem, as there was wt the RG Boots I purchased, they dont hesitate to accommodate you as a customer. The prices are very good and especially so on weekly SALE items. And as far as Customer Service goes, twice I have had the Manager call another store for a Sale item that was sold out to see if it was available & then went & picked the item up & called me to tell me it was in. THAT you dont see much these days!!So with the decent prices, the Customer service and the fact that there has never been any problems whatsoever I highly recommend this chain for all your outdoor needs.
1	I told my man I wanted some rollerblades for Christmas. He purchased a pair for me and himself at the Big 5 green valley location.So we finally get around to rollerblading and their is something wrong with his pair. The left boot leans inside and you can't make your leg straight. No issue we have the receipt ill go get some new ones.This location is closest to our house. I go in and try to explain what's wrong with the boot and the staff is looking at me like I'm speaking a different language. Finally an associate asks me if his leg is folded in?!?Did zombies eat your brain?!?I go look for another pair after the pointless interrogation and there's nothing comparable to those boots.I don't have the card he put the skates on so I have to come back again. Same dumb people there. They put my receipt under the light which detects fake bills on the second go round to the store.WTF?!?!?!? I just smiled and said to myself I'm glad I don't work here. Some real geniuses.Avoid this place. You will feel dumb after leaving there.
4	I was in the market for a new pair of running shoes. Found a ok deal on a pair of Asics at a different big box store. Since I am new to the Valley I was educated about another choice called Big 5. I looked on their website and found they had a pair of shoes on deep discount in the same brand. Since I am not a ti-athlete or a marathoner new light weights are good for me. I was able to purchase two shoes for the price of the one I was going to buy. Best of all I called the store and had them find the shoes and set them aside so it was an easy in and out the store for me. Now I had to travel to two locations...Lake Mead and E. Craig but considering the fact of the deep discount I was aware supplies were limited.I am very happy with service and the sale prices at Big 5. They will definitely will remain on my radar of stores to consider when I need sporting goods.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 95/100Once again, I'm up in the clouds about why this Big 5 isn't getting as good a rating as it deserves. It has just about every item the Big 5 in Decatur and Charleston has and their weekly sales can't be beat. In my humble opinion, yes REI may have a wider variety but they also burn an average college student's pockets, so I'm all for Big 5. My galpal and I were here in hopes of finding good deals on water bottles since I lost mine last month. Nalgene and other BPA free water bottles had a mean of about $12. Remembering how I got my last Nalgene bottle for only about $6, I shook my head a little and my friend noticed, searched for other bottles and finally gave me the news. Since bottles are in season and the demand is higher - Las Vegans can probably attest to the increased water intake during summertime - retailers are taking advantage by bumping up the prices. Thankfully I got a bottle at home goods just a few hours later so wait till fall comes in to buy your summer stuff! But that's just me :P
