5	I have always been in love with Chick-Fil-A and still am. I was first hooked on them in the shopping malls, then they appeared on campus at ASU. Seems to now found my home in Avondale! My fave is the combo #1 with no pickle. I am not sure what spices they put in recipe, but it is addicting. All the employees are so happy to work there.  Love you Chick-Fil-A!
5	Their chicken sandwiches really are the best. Even though you get this incredibly thick piece of chicken breast, its perfectly juicy and tender. I read somewhere it's due to them being fried in a pressure vat(?). I have no way of knowing buy nevertheless it white meat like you've never had. Also, get their "Chick-Fil-A" sauce. It's the perfect blend of ketchup, barbecue, and honey mustard. Once you try it, you'll never want to dip their awesome waffle fries into anything else!
5	I'd never been to a Chick-Fil-A before, but I expected it to be like any other fast food place. Boy, was I in for a surprise! We were greeted coming in the door and the people that helped us were quick and very nice. They even brought our food out to us. My son had a blast playing in their little toddler area, too. With service and an atmosphere like that (not to mention the food was really good), how could you not go back?
5	last time i went here i had a small tiny issue.  But alas i was craving their delicious chicken!!! I went here along with my friend again and wow they have really upped the ante. The food was nice and fresh. I was pleasantly surprised in particular at how nice, fresh, and crisp the tomato and lettuce were unlike most quick food joints now a days (though i think chick fil'a sorta stands out at the top of the bunch).  The chicken was seasoned just right!!! (im sorta of a food connoisseur when it comes to these sorts a'things hehe).   workers were very kind and friendly. (ahem...MY PLEASURE...lol they're always suppose to say that when you say thanks, cracks me up everytime)so overall not bad! now i think i'll tag a long when my friend goes here for lunch! also their sweet tea is awesome! A++
3	Seems has if they have gone down on the quality of the product from what I remember... it saddens me.
5	I can't rave enough about this restaurant.  I miss it so much that when my boyfriend and i are in AZ we plan the trip around how many times we can eat at Chick-fil-a!  I so wish you would bless us with just one in the state if WA. I'm willing to travel. But it is sumply the best chicken sandwich on the planet! !!!!!!   :-)
4	Good service.  They could work on keeping the tables a little more clean but better than most fast food places.  The playground is for 3 and under I think and it is pretty small but keeps my 2 year old entertained.  Definitely a nice place to stop by for breakfast.  I always think their chicken is on the salty side but every once in a while I like it.
5	GREAT PLACE... very professional... great people, always asked what condiments would you like.  Not like other places..
3	Rediscovering chick-fil-a. Love the chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches.  this place is addicting.  I used to have this all the time back in college and now I remember why.  What a refreshing blast from the past.
4	We in the C-household are fans of Chick-Fil-A.  So when I was out at my moms last weekend, we were in need of lunch while we were out.  So I suggested the C-F-A on 99th.  OH...If you're a parent of a little one, I didnt know but thanks to one of the employees, I discovered they had these plastic mats to stick to the table for your LO to eat off of.  AWESOME IDEA!   Now if only I could get Baby C to leave it sticking to the table while he's eating....  lolClean establishment.  Courtious employees.  Killer Chicken.  :)
3	Dirty tables at lunch time.  There was a woman handing out samples of something...I was not asked if I wanted one.  Maybe she could tell I was gay...and we all know how they feel about that!
3	Friendly but not the same since Josh left. I see many new people working here and they don't seem to offer the friendly service as before.
4	Chick-Fil-A does a few things right.  They serve your food promptly out of a very clean restaurant with a very courteous staff!  They have a large play area for the tiniest customers and even have wipes to clean off their little hands before eating their little meals.  As a person who follows a Gluten-Free diet you ask what the heck are you doing here, let me share my secret.  They will make any of their salads with non breaded chicken.  Upon request they will also make naked chicken strips that are quite tasty.  My daughter loves the sweet tea where I like mine unsweetened.  They have waffle cut fries as one of the sides.  You are able to order off the lunch menu during breakfast if you don't find anything to your liking.  Their super friendly staff is the main reason I keep returning not to mention my teenage daughter is a fan and can't tell her no!
1	I bought a salad two weeks ago, to bring home for my father. And as he opens it a big spider is crawling around, along with spider eggs. So I call and tell the manager and she didn't seem to care that her food has spiders plus spider eggs.
2	I think I have been to two C-F-A's in my life, one in Chino Hills, CA and this one.Even though I gave it 2 stars, I really want to say this: the staff were friendly and accommodating. The manager and employees were smiling and you felt a genuine desire to serve folks. Bathrooms were clean, tables, too.So why the 2 stars? Well, ordered the soup and salad combo...sorry I don't know the name...but the portions were nice. However, when I opened the salad container, I found two pieced of cardboard. At first I thought it was tortilla chips. Then I looked very closely to confirm that it was cardboard. I took it to the counter, showing the manager. She too was shocked and very kindly asked if I wanted a refund or and exchange. I'm not mean person nor anal retentive. She was kind and genuine and gave me excellent customer service, so I just asked for an exchange. Happily she did so and I returned to my seat to finish it and my soup.After I was about half way through with my soup, unfortunately, I began to feel kinda sick to my stomach, felt a little queazy and a bit dizzy. And then it passed...I chalked it up to perhaps there being a bit too much salt in the soup. But like I said, it passed and I finished both. My friend also finished her meal and we were both fine.I might give them another try...not sure though.And one last point: It took me about 10 minutes to find them in Yelp because they are listed under 'Chicken wings' and I don't think they sell one wing dish....very frustrating...
3	I come to this Chik-fil-A a lot and rarely have an issue, and today was the first day that I thought an employee was being snarky. The girl in the box and the girl in the window were nice but Will,  the guy bagging up the food, made a comment to the person in the back about how I ordered part of my food and rolled his eyes when I was asking about how many extra pickles were on my sandwich and how that wasn't enough.  Not sure how he is an employee at Chik-fil-A.
4	About 12 years ago, I was working with a business consultant from Atlanta.  She told me that Chick Fila was a potential client.  I said.... What is his name?  And, what business is he in?  I had no idea that Chick-Fil-A was a restaurant serving chicken.  I thought it was a persons name.So far, I have been to Chick Fil-A twice.  Once at a grand opening in St. George, and once now here in AZ.  I give it a solid 3.5, so it rounds up to a 4 star.The good -  Well, chicken, chicken salads, chicken wraps and chicken type burgers.  Plenty of sauce.  Like the calories listed on the menu, great pricing. Decent tasting product.  Great staff, management and customer service.The bad - Nothing really bad, But, they have all the unhealthy choices here like milk shakes, soft ice creams, tons of sauces and the like. I always find it funny to see someone ordering a complete meal, a shake and washing it down with a diet coke.... Otherwise, choices are all your's.The end result - Overall, the place is pretty good, I am NOT a fan of fast foods in general and Chick-Fil-A is no exception.  However, besides, Raising Cane, I find that the stuff here is pretty decent!GK says, check it out.
5	Their food is over priced, but worth it all. Everything about this place is amazing. Their bathroom is spotless and the inside of this place is ridiculously clean. I love how all the sauces, napkins, utensils are right there for you instead of having to ask the workers. Omg! Their chick-fil-a sauce is so good!!! If ever you see a chick-fil-a, don't drive pass it. You all need to get a taste of the good life! This place is literally heaven.
4	Chick-fil-a is one of the few fast food chains I will eat. Especially now that they have made some changes to their ingredients and removed some of the chemicals from their food. So when I'm on the road I always seek them out. Anyways, this is a very clean location with good customer service. I usually get a kid's meal with side salad but this time I tried their new Market Salad....hands down best fast food salad I've ever had! Actually one of my new salad favorites outside of one I've made in my own kitchen. Well played Chick-fil-a, well played.
3	I have frequented Canes since I lived in Ohio and was glad they came to the valley! Even better now that we have one in Avondale! My only feedback is to work on the drive up. I must say it's quick. However, some days I will get three sauces in my 3 finger combo and some days I will get zero. Today was a zero day. Some consistency would help. And thank you for working on the woman in the second window he leans our and screams really loud "do you want ketchup!" It was always a shock to the system. You can tell she is working on it!
5	I love Chick-fil-A!!! Always great service and great food. Strawberry milkshake and one ofthe NEW Grilled Chicken Club Sandwiches is the perfect meal.
4	Quality food, lightning speed, complete accuracy, clean dining room, clean play room. This is what all fast food restaurants should strive to be. Plus, the chicken is actually chicken...you can tell!
4	I go to Chick-Fil-A once every 1-2 months. I typically order the chicken sandwich, but for this visit I decided to get nuggets. My 8 piece actually had 9, which was a nice bonus. They were warm, but not fresh out of the fryer as they usually are. The waffle fries were fresh and tasty. Good unsweetened iced tea. I'd give it 3.5 stars (rounds to 4).
5	Awesome! This is my favorite location in Arizona. The staff is always awesome and they handle the mass hysteria of people rather well. Can't wait to go back ! Their cobb salad is probably the only salad I like to eat haha
2	Tad bit disappointed this morning with the breakfast. Chicken, egg & cheese bagels were bland and seemed to have shrunken in size. Both were ordered regular but one came without the cheese. To our luck as the Mrs. Didn't actually want cheese. The restaurant must not have been wiped down the night before as it was plain to see that the booth walls and backs of chairs were covered in greasy fingers and hand marks. However the highlight was that service was adequate and associates were polite as always.
