1	I'm going to keep this one short (not really), went there over a year ago and I should have reviewed sooner but didn't have the chance and after hearing about a friend having a problem also at Sun Valley, I decided it's time.Their rates were close to dealer prices with no where near the resources, knowledge, or equipment (facility).Also I paid for the initial (main) diagnostic, got a ridiculous quote with numerous problems.I asked which part can I have fixed to resolve the immediate problem, with the car (check engine light was on, that's why I brought it in and those codes are very specific), and he said they would have to do another diagnostic, which I would have to pay for to pinpoint what is causing the light to be on(so two full diagnostics), just to tell me the specific thing to fix to resolve the light issue.  I said, "Isn't that what the 'first' diagnostic was for, that's why I brought it in to fix the check engine light so I can pass smog test."  I won't get into the arguing any further, it's too frustrating.  I did offer to get the proper work done if he would not charge me for a second diagnostic and I also offered to be a repeat customer versus never coming back, he chose charging me for the second diagnostic and I did NOT get it at this point.I took my phony, baloney diagnostic paperwork and left.  This was plain and simple stealing.The problem ended up being an Oxygen sensor replacement which is cheap and I actually could have done myself, Autozone was actually able to tell me that, I had it replaced at another garage and the "Check Engine" light was better and I passed my smog.This place is really bad, beware, it's much worse than the other place I reviewed, Auto Tech.  But both I would never, ever go to which is why this receives the lowest rating possible.  I fully got ripped off.
5	I took me three attempts to find an honest, professional repair shop. This is my new go-to shop!Although I didn't appreciate the diagnostic fee, I appreciate the thoroughness of the repair work, the cleanliness of the employees and facility, and the 10% cash discount.Dave at the front desk is always forthcoming with a thorough explanation of repair work and the whole staff is good about keeping us abreast of repair progress. This is especially important when there is a delay getting a part for my older model cars or an unexpected, additional need for part replacement.These guys are courteous professionals.God bless Sun Valley Automotive and it's staff!
1	Anyone think that over $800 to replace a fuel pump is a bit pricey? The ol' bait and switch is in effect. $94 per hour labor charge plus markup on parts. Go there if you have too much money in your life.
1	Nice friendly....but is that to hid something.Went in at about 9Pm on Saturday June 8th to get a smog on my vehicle.  I was told that it did not pass smog, but the person behind the counter could not tell me what the code meant why I did not pass smog, but if I wanted to bring it back for $94.00 I could bring it back tomorrow and they could put it on their machine and tell me what was wrong with it. I went home and contacted a friend who said the code on my failed smog was for a break light switch.....what the hell does my brakes have to do with my emissions. So Sunday we went to the car was at Charleston and Torrey Pines that also does smog....GUESS WHAT.....my vehicle passed smog without a hitch,  Do not go to Sun Valley Automotive,,,,,if you do and you don't pass get a second opinion. I wonder what they would have said if I let them put it on their machine.   Nice waiting room, but I guess they have to make money somewhere to pay for it
5	YOU FOUND THE RIGHT PLACE!!! My opinion, anyone who has written a bad review about these guys, just had a bad day or did something wrong. I have lived in Las Vegas since 1971. It used to be everywhere you went you knew someone. These days it is very hard to find someone you can count on. The place I used to trust and go to, were bought out by dishonest corporate types, service became super bad. I have a couple classic and antique cars I had sitting for a while because I couldn't find anyone I could trust. After a many calls and some research, and a stellar search of the BBB, I found Sun Valley Auto. When I got Dave on the phone, I knew I had someone I could trust. I brought my daughters 1973 bug there for a smog and brake adjustment. I ended up ordering parts for several other parts for upgrades I didn't have planned, because I new I was @ the right place. I got to meet Terry the owner, he was there on sight, each time I was there. Fair prices, great, responsive, clean staff. You have no idea, IT IS SUCH A RELIEF TO HAVE A SOMEONE TRUSTWORTHY & RELIABLE AGIAN!!! THANKS GUYS!!!
1	I thought that I had found the deal that I was hoping to find when I found out that I needed to repair all four of my motor mounts.  I was quoted about $1,200 from dealerships and local auto repair places.  I called to get a quote to be placed on hold for 10 minutes because no one there spoke English.  Finally got somebody on the phone and said that it'd be $650.  I immediately dropped my car off next morning and never got a phone call until the next morning because again no one there spoke English.  When I went to get my PT Cruiser they had "fix" all four of my motor mounts, but refused to show me the old ones they claimed to replace.  Finally one of their associates who was able to speak English told me that they had to test drive my vehicle to make sure the mounts were fixed correctly.  85 MILE test drive?!?!?!  I drove my car away feeling like I was screwed and low-and-behold, 4 four months later here I am again with the same issues Sun Valley Auto claimed to fixed...
5	Very professional staff!!! they fixed my car fast and gave me a great price in the repair. It's hard to find a honest mechanic these days. I'm glad I found them!!!
5	Sun Valley offers amazing service and how can you beat their $15 oil change that they offer from 7am to midnight!!!  The only downside is that it can take some time (an hour) for the oil change but their waiting area is nice and clean.  Oh yea...their bathroom was especially clean!!  I have a small fleet of cars and will start taking them to Sun Valley.  They offer 24-hour drop off.  Very convenient and great service!
1	PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!!We had an issue with a small electrical component to our van.  They tried to charge us over $2,000.00 for a new transmission.  We decided to get a second opinion and a very nice mechanic fixed out car for under $200.00.  RIP OFF ARTISTS at sun valley.  DO NOT GO HERE!!
2	Read everything you sign and everything before you pay. If it sound like it's to much get a second opinion. I will not use this shop ever again.
5	Been coming here for a while now with multiple cars and always pleasant! The wait is a little long at time yes, but you can go next door to grab a bite or walk across the street for a little shopping (I highly suggest using a crosswalk). I love that I can go close to home with a place I trust with my car needs and you can't beat the hours!
5	I have been returning to Sun Valley Auto for a long time.  Dave is the first person you meet.  He is always smiling, friendly, and is very knowledgeable regarding cars and their needs.I have tried many places over the 35 years but once I found Sun Valley I knew I would always use them.
