5	Love the tuna!
4	Potbelly in downtown Phoenix was recommended by a colleague who'd eaten there in other cities. I stopped by here when rushing between meetings to get a new passport snap, and needed also to grab lunch while out. The employees were super helpful and quick to prepare my sandwich; in fact, one employee was working the line with a wireless "order-taker."  You first choose your sandwich and bread, then move on to the assembly line of workers who pile on your extras like mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomatoes, oil 'n' vinegar, Italian seasonings, onions, etc. Chips and sodas are available, and a few sweet treats. It also appeared that they make shakes. The menu seemed a bit sparse. The sandwich was delicious, but the menu, as compared to a Firehouse or Subway, seemed quite a bit smaller. I was glad they listed the calories, though -- good for a chick watching her figure!
2	The menu and food here was great! The service, was horrible! I think for a sandwich shop downtown, you should be able to work quickly, be friendly, not get flustered however; the staff the day I went in had none of those things going for them. And worse, were very un-apologetic for being so! I repeated my order (a simple turkey sandwich) to 3 different people and 4 times total. As I repeated it a 2nd time to the 3rd person, she said "Ok, I got it!" when I repeated it louder than the first time I told her. (My fault apparently) Then we waited for them to figure out who had what sandwich, one came out before the other (my friend's) The whole situation was way too frustrating. But unfortunately, I loved my food so I will most likely go back and hope for a better experience!
4	My ONLY issue with the veggie sammich is that it's too small :(
4	A fantastic sub from a chain sandwich shop?  It does exist!  I'll happily let Potbelly fill stomach with its tasty food anytime.I went with "a wreck" which appears to be Potbelly's signature sandwich.  Salami, roast beef, turkey, ham and swiss; how can you go wrong?  The multi-grain bread is fantastic, and I piled on most of the fixings which made made for a perfect lunch.  Make sure to have the hot peppers, they really add to the flavor.  The regular is fairly small, but only $5.  I recommend going with a big size, or maybe having a cup of soup or chips or something as a side.Potbelly delivers a meal head and shoulders above its peers.  Easy online ordering from its website will allow you to skip what certainly must be a crowded cityscape lunch line.  Ditch the nearby Jimmy John's and Subway and give the new place in town a try.
2	My co-worker and I stopped in early for lunch today. Really happy with the food and service.   I gotta say that the stinky wild eyed bum yelling at his imaginary friend coming in and out was alarming.  What is weird is you're promoting him to come in and bathe in the Soft Drink Fountain.  I really wanted a refill and you could not pay me to go near it after seeing him sticking his fingers in where the soda comes out.  Yuck Yuck Yuck
3	Had the  Italian Sandwich.  It was good but I think I am partial to Jimmy John's.  Service is really great though. Everyone is so friendly.
5	The very best toasted sandwich I have ever had in my life. AMAZING and the price was right too. It was only $5. Get up right now and go there...
4	Sandwich calories listed on the menu, you know what your getting into right from the start.  If your on a diet or not you know the damage right from the get go.  I do have to say I went with 2 other people and for the most part we enjoyed everything.  I enjoyed the Chicken and Cheddar sandwich, but after tasting the Pizza sandwich I was wishing I went with that.  I also tasted the wreck salad, but I am not a fan.  The sandwiches are what I will come for and so should you.Unique, fresh sandwiches, and I did enjoy the toasted bread.  If you are in the mood for a fresh, great tasting sandwich go here.  .
5	Zapps chips! "A Wreck" sandwich was great. Great price for just the right amount of food.
5	Great sandwiches, excellent service.  Delicious pickles.  Reminds me of Toaster Oven in San Francisco.  I normally get the wreck.  Get there before 11:30 to beat the lunch rush!
3	Pretty average food.  The place itself and the employees are nice. Came to Phoenix to see a game and was pretty disappointed with the downtown area all together. Not many options for eating establishments.
5	Love this place amazing food and their salads are to die for.
5	This place is great! I had the Uptown salad and it was almost as big ad the tray it came on. We hit the place on a Saturday at 11 AM and we were the only ones there. The gal behind the counter treated us like royalty. 5 of us ate for around $45, drinks included. The food was tasty and fresh and I really couldn't ask for better service.  The music they were playing was a mix of modern alternative and retro classic rock (late 80s). The place is clean and open and homey. I would definitely come back here when I'm downtown.  Beats the bars and overpriced bistros anytime.
4	Albeit on the pricy side, Potbelly definately makes a mean sammie. I mainly get the Wreck with mayo, mustard, hot peppers and a pickle. Add a side of jalepeno kettle chips and it's a nice meal. It doesn't fill me up, but sure tastes good.
4	A quick break before the game. They are still open even after 4 pm because today is a game day. Liked the deco & coffee milkshake.
3	I wasn't overly impressed but not disappointed. Potbelly's did have the speed on it's side. I had ordered, got my sandwich and shake in less then 10 minutes. The sub was good but I felt it was lacking in something. Could just be me. I also ordered the Coffee shake... which tasted like a plain vanilla shake. It was lacking in the coffee flavor. However, the cute little cookies on the straw was a nice touch. Their chip choice is small but they were very good. I would go again but it's not a place I'll become a regular at.
3	I love the sandwiches here. I really do. I got Mediterranean veggie sandwich. It was delicious :)But omg, the customer service here was horrible.  Only two people were working. The guy was so slow while there's a line going on. Not only that,  we were waiting to pay for our sandwiches for 10 minutes.. ugh, next time someone has to order me.Ehhh.. Probably won't be back to this location, I'll go to the one down camelback instead.
5	I am writing this review to commemorate my accomplishment of having every sandwich on Potbelly's menu at least once. Yes, yes, please hold down the applause and the cheers. While I certainly like some of the sandwiches more than others they are all very good and made with fresh ingredients. I especially like that Potbelly's offers their sandwiches as "original", "big" and "skinny".  I always get an original but we have a big guy or two in the office and they go for the big. If you're on a diet or not very hungry go for the skinny.  They also have a nutrition calculator - just check the boxes for your sandwich ingredients and you'll see a custom nutrition label. Nutrition and allergen sheets are also available.If you don't want a sandwich you'll also find soups, chili and salads on the menu. Dessert? Yep, they have that too (their cookies are warm and delicious).Nice lunch spot with a lot of options and very friendly service.
3	Went here for lunch on Tuesday. Nice place, service was good, and food was pretty good. It was really loud (they a live guitar player) which is not bad, unless you are there trying to have a conversation or want to talk on the phone. Biggest complaint would be the price, I got a sandwich, chips and a drink for $11, a little too steep for me.
5	A great lunch spot.  The line only looks long at lunch because it moves at a nice rate.  Great sandwiches.  Lunch for less than $10.  Try my favorite - the grilled chicken and cheddar and don't forget to add bacon.
5	Waiting to see Billy Joel, but needed a quick snack.  Walked around and saw this place. Asked some of the people eating on the patio how their sandwich was.  Answer: Good! Sandwiches are listed and as you are on line a young lady comes by with a tablet asking you what type of sandwich you want and on what kind of bread.  I chose multi-grain. Technologically efficient and impressive.  As you walk along on the line you are faced with choices---the refrigerator beckons you to a drink,  a cookie jar flaunts itself and asks you to take one, and the display of all kinds of chips begs you to be bad for the day.  But I was good.  I ordered the "italian" which includes provolone cheese, pepperoni, cappicola, and I believe some ham... who remembers.... but it all sounded good.  When I arrived at the sandwich making station, all I had to do was tell them the add on's.  Mine were:  hot peppers, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles  oil and italian seasoning.  Once my sandwich was in the bag, I noted that the sandwich was warm.  I took it out to eat it on the patio and I said: Oh, no.  NOT a Heated, COLD CUTS sandwich!! and then....I took one bite.  What a delicious sandwich!!! and how crunchy it was with all those add on's.  Potbelly, I forgive you for heating up my sandwich. Won't you do it again, sometime?  Did I tell you guys how lovely and friendly EVERYONE was at this place.  It was like dying and going to heaven---Food and otherwise.
2	So wanted to grab a bite before the Dbacks game and we dropped in here. Looked okay. We both had the pizza sandwich and we were both disappointed. It was not good. It wasn't gross but it wasn't good.It was our first time at Potbelly so we're not ready to write it off yet. We just hope the next time we take a chance they'll show us something good.Should have gone to Subway tonight.
4	Good sandwiches and shakes. Service is friendly but some of the workers are awkward and way too overbearing.
3	Meatball sandwiches - okay, don't care for the bread, wouldn't order againBroccoli cheese soup - yummy, wish I had gotten a bowl instead of cupOatmeal chocolate chip cookie - okay, not as sweet as I would like, won't order againCoffee milkshake - delicious, amazing, yummy, must haveFresh brewed iced tea - yeah!  yumThis place was super busy on Friday at lunch time.  Many people coming over from convention center.  I highly recommend you call in your order.  Otherwise the line was out the door.
4	Yummy fresh ingredients, toasted bread that was delish.  Shakes were good.  The salads were really fresh...but seemed a little boring especially compared to the great sandwiches.  The desserts looked really good but we didn't get anything besides the shakes.  My teen nephews were still hungry after their sandwiches and they don't offer different sizes, but it was perfect size for me.
5	We had tickets to the Mercury game and were trying to get away from the crowds when we stumbled upon this amazing little sandwich shop!We both had chubby sandwiches with ranch bacon and turkey. I also ordered an Oreo Shake. Prepare to be wowed. I don't know what it is about this sandwich, but it is an experience to eat it. Plenty of sauces mixed with the freshness of the meat and soft toasted whole grain bread....well it's just indescribable and also very affordable!You need to visit soon!
3	I totally agree with the reviewer that said many of the staff were awkward and overbearing!  Are they trained to act like this or are they all medicated?  The sandwiches are good, but I don't want to answer all your questions not related to the sandwich you're making for me.  Kinda weird!
5	Heck yeah!  Good sandwiches and soups!  I'd much rather go here than Subway or Jimmy John's.  I wish you delivered on weekends.  I've been in only twice, but I work weekends a few blocks away.  I end up with Jimmy John's all the time when I really want a great tasting sandwich with a bowl of soup.Fix that.
3	I went with the grilled chicken and cheddar sandwich. I think the sandwich wasn't too bad! Probably better than Subway. They could put more ingredients in the sandwich which would increase the star rating. They told me they also sell peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in case you're having a crave! I'll have to explore the other sandwiches.
