3	This cafe has the cheapest prices on everything in their menu.  There is literally not one item more than $10.  I think that is what draws in all their current customers from Leisure World.  The service was just fine. Speedy and friendly, no complaints there.  However, I think you get what you pay for with the food.  I ordered the Gyro, my girlfriend the Greek salad.  Salad was just fine, fries are ok... But I'd pass on the Gyro.  The meat had this bologna texture to it that grossed me out.  Any American dish they do well, I just won't be ordering anything adventurous off their menu again.  BLTs and Cheeseburgers for me!  My boyfriend loves their French Dip. This new place is definitely worth a try.
4	Service was good breakfast was good, I would go back for lunch or maybe dinner.
5	I LOVE IT!!!  they were nice !!!  ZoeAbove is the glowing review of an 8 year old connoisseur!  Seriously we have been here twice in one week. Dinner and Breakfast. It's a good deal for the money. The staff is great, remembered us from our first visit. They treated Zoe like a special guest. We met one of the owners, he was great with the customers. We plan on going back often to support this local business. This is the 3rd restaurant I have seen in this spot I hope this one makes it.Seriously the taco omelet was awesome and under $6.00!
4	Three of us arrived at lunch time mid week and were greeted and seated quickly. The cafe was busy but not full and our waitress came to the table promptly, drinks followed very quickly as well. My two companions ordered burgers (1 was a cheeseburger), I ordered blueberry pancakes with a side of sausage. Food took a little longer to arrive than we expected but not excessively long. The blueberry pancakes (short stack) were the best I've ever had, absolutely loaded with blueberries. The sausage was very good, a bit spicy (my favorite) but if you prefer mild you might want to pass on the sausage. My companions said the burgers were excellent, clearly not previously frozen paddies but hand formed ground beef...they were "medium" as ordered and were juicy and not dry. The fries were just OK, we requested extra crispy but they were "standard." everything was hot and was served as soon as it was ready. Beverages were refilled several times which reflected the attentive service. Everything served was "large," no scrimping here and though full,  Having been impressed with the pancakes, I decided to try the homemade blueberry pie. Unfortunately the pie was served straight from the fridge...very cold, crust was not soggy but a bit tough, it was OK, but I wouldn't order it again. Overall, I give this restaurant high marks, we all agreed we'd return. Prices were very affordable and represented excellent value.
5	Four in our party. Every meal delicious! Best chicken melt sandwich ever, pastrami sandwich tender, lean and delicious. Fish fry very good & French dip good as well. We'll be back (often).
3	This was my second visit on a Sunday morning.  Unfortunately, Sunday is not the day to visit this restaurant.  It was filled with every senior getting out of church.  When you arrive your suppose to sign your name in on a sign in sheet, however, there are no instructions to do this and we had a few people who "knew the rules" sign up ahead of us even though we were there earlier.  We finally sat at the bar to avoid the long wait.  It took about ten minutes before we were waited on.  Once the order was taken the food came out quickly.  The portions are large and the food is tasty.  Just be prepared for the large crowds on Sunday morning and remember to SIGN IN.
4	Stopped for dinner. Being a cafe that's primary biz is breakfast an lunch so the rating I'd a 6 or 7 out of 10. The service was great, friendly and quick. Can't wait to try breakfast though, since that is there forte.Menu for all meals was broad without being to large, well thought out.
5	This is the best cafe we have been too in the 2 yrs we have lived in Mesa.  Just recently went for breakfast and then for the fish fry.  For the two meals we had I don't think there is anyone that can beat the quality and service.For breakfast we both had the "piggy omelette".  This puppy is packed with meat, very good favor, and it is a large one.  They have one of my favorite - raison toast!  It comes with a much lower price than other comparable places and great service.We went this past Friday for the all you can eat fish fry.  It was only $8.95, comes with soup or salad, potato and veggie.  First off, the fish is Cod and you have the option of fried, baked or a combo of both.  We opted for the fried and it was the best cod we have had since being out here.  Nice fillets and lightly breaded it was very good.  The first order was so large that we did not need to request additional fish.  Another thing I liked was at most fish fry's, they serve it with french fries only.  Here one has a nubmer of side options.  I asked if the soup was homemade and they assured me it was.  I had the clam chowder (New England) and it was very interesting.  It had a strong favor of I believe tarragon which I found unusual.  It also had alot of clams and some pretty large ones at that - definitely homemade.  Overall great prices, prompt service, friendly service and a clean atmosphere.
5	Busy with snowbirds in town but food is very good, service friendly. Prices are very reasonable. Have had the chicken soulvaki for lunch and gyros. Surprised both were very good. Ate breakfast there a few times and it was great.
2	UnimpressedI you're looking for cheap.bland food this is your spotCame in for breakfast, probably won't be back
4	Nice family restaurant.  Good food, nice portions, good quality ingredients and fair prices.  I had the BLT and it was real yummy, thick cut bacon and even the tomatoes were good.  their beer batter onion rings are some of the best I have had.  They have a great breakfast menu too.  can't wait to go back.
4	Had an early morning meeting on the far east side . . . so . . . instead of driving all the way into the office and back out . . . I decided to look for a place to have breakfast . . . and this is where I ended up.Not busy . . . not busy at all . . . worry . . . why is this place so dead . . . concern . . . feeling better . . . greeted by my waitress . . . who took my drink order and provided me a menu . . . off to a good start.I ordered the Breakfast Skillet . . . a short time later it arrived . . . and guess what . . . it was very tasty . . . hot . . . and all the components seemed to be cooked perfectly . . . and . . . they had rye toast . . . this place was actually really good.My concern . . . this little gem needs more business . . . or I am afraid . . . like so may other mom and pop diners . . . it will disappear . . . so . . . while I like my hidden gems and like to keep them my secret . . . this one needs to have us get the word out . . . so that it does not become another statistic . . .I will definitely be back
2	we have tried this place twice and both times the food is mediocre they have not seamed busy either time yet the service seems to be a bit slow though the servers are friendly.
5	Stopped by here this week for a late afternoon lunch. From the time that I walked in the entire staff was as friendly and professional as they could be. I ordered a little bit of every type of food that was on the lunch menu. I couldn't have asked for better attention nor tastier, well prepared food. From the tomato juice, that was as tasty as it gets nowadays, to the homemade chicken with rice soup, which was served piping hot. I ordered a hot and cold sandwich, and both came out at the same time, which was fine with me. I started to eat the tuna melt sandwich first, which was on rye bread, and was as good as I've ever eaten. Both sandwiches came with a side of your choice, and I chose the coleslaw with one and cottage cheese with the other. Nice portions! And each came with a slice of dill pickle as well. I ate half of the hot sandwich, and satisfied that it was as good as I had imagined, I started in on the "turkey stack" cold sandwich. It was delicious! After I had finished, my plates were cleared in a timely, and my server brought the bill, which was more than reasonable for all that I had ordered. This place is GREAT! How can anyone call this food "mediocre"? I am NOT a "plant" here, believe me. But I will always give a glowing review to people who try hard to serve VERY good food at a reasonable price. It looks as though they have applied for a liquor license as well, and I hope that that adds to their bottom line. This is the same building that housed The Vine for a number of years, and they used to draw BIG crowds in their prime. Many to drink as well as eat. I certainly hope that that happens to these fine people. I'll be back VERY soon!
4	After reading reviews I wanted to try this place. When you walk in, the first thing you see is a register/counter with a bar behind it. Weird, but ok. I noticed that the restaurant is cut in half- singles to the left, parties to the right. Kidding aside- I really did notice that I was sat on the left side, where all the other "one tops" were sat, while it seemed like parties of 2 or more were led to the right. Very odd,but may  have been uintentional.Waitress was very nice. I ordered a BLT with onion rings. OMG- this sandwich had more than enough bacon and lettuce it fell out of the bread! Hot bacon! Yay! Crispy like I asked for! Yay! Delicous! I also upgraded to onion rings as a previous reviewer advised- great call!! For $1.25 more I got a hefty order of hot onion rings, and a side of ranch (at no extra cost!)!The only strange thing for me was that even though my bread was toasted, it was soft. How does that happen? Not sure, but it was good.I was interested in a few other items on the menu, and will definately be back.$7.72 for a great sandwich and onion rings! Score!
5	This place is cheap as all get out. The server we had was great! I didn't particularly care for the food but its cheap and has a home town feeling.
5	Breakfast priorities:Fast seating. CheckGreat coffee. CheckGreat omelette. CheckFriendly staff. CheckGreat prices. CheckPassed with flying colors. It's breakfast. Don't make it complicated. Come here and check it out.
4	Great food at a great price! The service is fantastic as well. Came here three days in a row and loved it each time :)
3	I like that this place is so close to my work and that the staff is friendly.  What I love is how they cook their over easy eggs so nicely.  What I do not enjoy are their hash browns because it feels like it was tossed around in some oil heated up and thrown on a plate or container nicely.  Hash browns are perfect when they are crisp on at least one side with that golden buttery side that way when you place your over easy eggs on them they still have a nice crisp crunch with every bite.  The chicken fried steak was mediocre along with the giant not moist cinnamon roll they feature on the window. its got bits of apple and raisin if im not mistaken but the dough is just got like a stale dry taste to it regardless of it being warmed up.Kind of a bummer but if im in a hurry and want eggs ill stop.
5	Nice, clean ...good meal for breakfast. Is the remodeled vine tavern. I highly recomend this breakfast place...the service is great...and the food is good.
4	I had a great meal with my son.  Good service,  friendly but steak could have been a little better.  On a scale of 1-10 I give it an 8
4	Breakfast with Mom.  Great food as always.  The wait staff was a bit off today, but it happens.  It is real busy for a Friday morning.
4	Very fast service. Ham breakfast very good. Home made hash browns. Coffee good too. Will return want to try fish fry next
5	This place was fantastic what a hidden gem! Got off work a little later than normal and made it in less than a hour before closing and everything was still fresh! The wait staff was courteous and professional and made us feel welcome. The decor inside was all done up for the approaching holiday. I can't think of anything bad to say about this place! I will definitely be returning!
5	Yes I work here.  East Valley Cafe has great prices and the food is good.  To top it off we enjoy our customers. We are getting our winter visitors back.  Boy there are many who I have missed.  Anyways come join our family for breakfast lunch or dinner..            Thank you. Jackie.
