4	Let me be straight with you.  When faced with the choice of Target or Walmart, I will almost 100% always go to Target.  I've seen too many stories/documentaries about the ahem...Walmart way, and just prefer the way Target does their business. BUT. If you must go, remember this is one of the better locations. I was in the Arboretum and needed to pick up some nail polish remover, and moseyed on in. This Walmart isn't the biggest...it's not a Supercenter with nail salon, tax prep, alterations shop or anything like that, but you'll find a good selection of goods.  (There IS a Subway sandwich shop.)Compare this to the Walmart on South Tryon, and it's night and day.  This one is spotless and the employees don't seem like they're bored out of their minds.  The shopping experience is just better.  More cashiers, better organized rows. Still, it's Walmart.  What else can I say?
1	This Wal-Mart used to be just a regular one - clothing and other dry goods. They finished a major remodel recently and in the process, they managed to jam all the other departments (grocery, electronics, clothing, personal care, jewelry, pharmacy) into the store. And by jam, I mean that the aisles are barely wide enough for two wagons to pass carefully.Good luck doing a food shop here - in the evening hours, the place is a sardine can. Way too many people trying to figure out where everything is. It's not their fault. It's a little scrambled. Dairy and cheese is in two different fridges (the fridges are actually pretty good - double doors and they can be opened first from either side). It took me three passes down the food aisles to find the small section with coffee. Product and brand selection, even for Wal-Mart, is limited.As for the rest of the store, it's also mixes. For example, there was a display of pillows in the kitchen area next to the crock pots. I am not kidding you. The "home" section was in one area but the "home office" was in a different area of the store.I picked up what I absolutely needed and I got out. If you're looking to save money and buy Wal-Mart, then I suggest you spend the 20 minutes and drive to South Tryon or Charlotte Highway in Fort Mill.
3	It's so so, my mom wanted to try an earring on but the Walmart staff said no because it can spread HIV and diseases and she said it against the law. Well that is total bs, why does other places let me try earring without any problem? Such as going to Francesca or Tifanny. That kind of pissed me off. If there not going to let people try it on then what is the point of selling it! Oh well, other then that issue, Walmart is great place to buy cheap grocery and office supplies
3	Ya know... it's Walmart stuff and Walmart people.  I am generally a Target girl because it is closer to home (2 within 1 mile), but there are a few products that I use that Target doesn't carry.My visit was on a Saturday morning around 8:30, before the Walmartians were rumbling.  I quickly found what I needed and briefly browsed.  I just can't browse at the Walmart and I am not sure why -- bad lighting, weird aisles, not laid out like I am accustomed?  I am not sure.  I suppose if this Walmart were one of my typical haunts, I would have a better feel for whats what, but I typically get what I need and get on with my day.  Because it was so early, there wasn't really a crowd.  I easily found a parking place next to the building (beware of one-way parking lot aisles and freakin' speed bumps).  I pulled a cart that didn't have a bum wheel, so points for that.  The store was clean (but the lighting is bleh - I don't know what it is - it feels like some sort of purgatory).  I got a few things on my list and headed for checkout.  The tea that I like is cheaper here than anywhere, cat treats are a good price, they had some neat seasonal stuff and a lot of plants and such in the garden area.  Again, because it was early on a Saturday, so there weren't very many people about, so I came through a checkout with no wait.  My items were quickly rung up and bagged, paid for, and I was on my way.It was a painless visit.  It's Walmart.
2	I was pretty much in and out of this location on a Saturday night... It seemed a bit small and disorganized... The boyfriend and me (still can't remember if that's grammatically correct, oh well... lol) were looking for 5 Hour Energy shots and walked throughout the health and beauty section, which is where they are usually located... Couldn't find them at all... Also couldn't find an employee to help... Found them in the checkout aisles when we were heading out... Is that seriously the only place they are?  Meh... I'll pass on a return...
4	Great place to go, at night, to avoid the crowd (oh, bring someone with you).Place - it's somewhat dirty on the outside, sometimes a little messy and blah inside.. Just focus on your needs and essentials, and you don't have to worry about the looks (too much).Selections - happy to see they have everything! Is that not how Wal-Mart is?  They never restock the cotton balls (swisspher) that I like, and they didn't have anymore of the Neutrogena Naturals in the green organic tube (I went on the night they were restocking).Staff - the people were actually friendly. I wished I grabbed the girl's name who restocked the shampoos/cleansing washes area. She was friendly and kept tab on me to see if I found what I was looking for, after I came back to check again.. to see if the product was all up. There was another nice cashier who was super friendly!  She went out of her way to please her customer, when another cashier was not able to accommodate me. She was in charge of the self check out at the time around 10:30pm-12pm... It was on a Friday night 4/19.Overall, this is my go to place for a cheap buy of necessities :)
2	This place is a nightmare. Although Wal-Mart offers great prices, it is confusion. Vegetables and candy in the same aisle??? For some of us that want to grab less than 10 items, the carts are huge and no baskets to be found. And, I know it's school time, but there are school supplies everywhere, right next to the baking item specials. Everything just seems confused and a little disorganized for my liking. Sorry!
2	Too many boxes and pallets is the aisle
3	Most Walmarts these days are of the "super" variety. Not this one. Along with the one up on Albemarle road, and perhaps another one or two scattered about, it's kicking it old school, and quite frankly, it looks the part.Still, it gets the job done in a pinch - you can find just about anything you need, because do we really need another supercenter around? The parking in this lot is bad enough, so it's not like adding another store of mammoth size would make our lives easier.
1	The one star is for the pharmacy.  I consider pharmacist professionals.  Somehow, in my case, they didn't seem to be able to follow their protocol nor common sense.  I understand that prescriptions sent directly from doctor's office are treated last, and that order ought to be changed if I dropped in and asked to process my prescription.  I came back an hour later than the time they said the prescription should be ready.  "Sorry, not ready yet, filling it right now".  Standing by the counter for another 40 minutes (the traffic was slow, only one another customer was waiting there), then asked again as I ran out of patient.  "We were out of the hanging plastic bag."  What she implied was that she has to wait until someone picks up his/her prescription, then there will be a bag available to process my prescription.  Are you kidding me! I was standing right in front of them!  what if no customer pickups for another 30 minutes!  Talked to the pharmacy manager, and got some mechanical apologies.
2	What can I say about this walmart location. This one seems to have taken a turn for the worse. I havent been here in a while but atleast 5 years ago this Walmart was a fairly well maintained and well stocked location. Well times change and this one seems to have taken a turn for "K-mart" if you catch my drift. The aisles are a bit disheveled and many items are not adequately stocked (went in for 5 items, came out with 3 - blasphemy). I didn't spend long in here, but from the looks of things i'll probably just go to a Target or Super Walmart next time.
2	This WalMart location is quite small and its just one if their older locations with tough expansion opportunities since the area is established. They are slowly expanding what they can but still have a lot of work to complete to the bigger modern locations.
3	This will be a short review.I went to Albany where the biggest Walmart is built...two floors with escalators for the shopping cart exists. So this was not the biggest I've gone to. However it is not the smallest.I could not figure out the layout of this place, it is organized in an odd fashion. The employees are also hard to locate if you need assistance. I was not wowed by it, its just another Walmart.Cashiers need to smile more. A small smile goes a long way. I would go back just because of their $6 sweats. Love them.
