2	It had been a cloudy blustery day in the grand Steel city. A day intended for hot toddy's, horror movies, and "grown up" cider. That can only mean as the sun sunk low beyond the horizon it was time to choose a haunted house. Pittsburgh is not lacking for choices when it comes to ways to scare yourself at night. (I'm not even talking about the parade of horrors on the Southside or the underage drunk college kids screaming in Oakland.) In all the options my group of four decided to try a haunted house that was brand new. I realize that this can mean a subpar haunt, but I'm willing to chance it. Parking in the Strip District on the weekend is still dicey, (I don't know why I thought that dropped off in the 90's, maybe because I haven't hung out down there since the 90's.) but even with a larger vehicle we found a spot. There is absolutely no line outside, like with other haunted houses. Just a sandwich board type sign, an attendant, and a police officer (which was a surprise).The attendant instructed us in a very non-spooky way to just head down the steps. Once downstairs, the lights are low and a greenish blue color, the air  somewhat fog-smokey. Tickets were 17$ a person which seems to be standard fare for a haunted house general admission. Inside the building we found the queue.Pallets nailed together to look like the sorts of passageways cattle are lead through in a slaughter house. They had a small flat screen television playing the remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre. A few actors came out to interact with the crowd, one was great and doing just the sorts of things that key up an audience the other just sort of stood behind you and most of the time he moved on before you even knew he had been there. The woman who ran down the rules didn't stay in character very well, and this was a theme throughout the attraction. They do have a nice large space, some of the rooms are huge and sprawling with some really interesting pieces like old grocery store equipment, cases for meat, etc. There is even a school bus inside this basement haunted house. It has potential. That's the only real compliment I have for them. It's not there yet. If they can maintain this space all year, work on the look of each room, fine tune it from kitschy to horrific, hire more actors, and talk to them about focus and the theme of their character it could become another one of Pittsburgh's great haunted houses. For now though, it's just some stumbling, some incredibly awkward talk about every girl being a "nice piece of meat that (I) can't wait to eat," a few startling scares, and at least one if not two juggalos.
2	Absolutely DO NOT go here unless you go on a dead night or call beforehand!!! We arrived at 9:30 pm and waited for exactly 2 hours and 15 minutes until 11:45 pm. I kid you not. The haunted house ran from 11:45 pm to 12:15 am. We waited 2 hours and 15 minutes for a 30 minute haunted house. Honestly, this is just bad business. The staff were taking each individual group at a time. At one point there was a couple in the regular line and a couple who just came in the VIP line. Instead of putting both couples together for a total of 4 people, the woman in charge had each individual couple go separately, making us all wait longer. Mind you, at this point we were waiting for 2 hours, so to see that is nothing more than disrespectful to your paying customers. I cannot believe that they didn't pair groups together to help the wait. Everyone was miserable and irritated. Worst experience waiting too- little to no entertainment while waiting, fences as line separators too close together, people on top of each other, no way to exit but through the whole line of angry customers, and no bath rooms or drinks in immediate area. Drinks and bath rooms were located at what I found to be the exit after the haunted house is over, but if you're waiting in line and haven't entered the actual haunted house yet... it's outside and a half block down from the waiting area. The waiting area is in the basement of the building.The haunted house was alright. The overall theme was that we were entering a deranged family's home. There was a room with neon clowns, a swampy bridge, butcher shop, a crazy asylum, bathroom with creepy stalls, dark maze area, and other rooms that had mostly scenery and pop up props. They did put a lot of time into the areas and it was unique as far as how many different things they had in each area but there wasn't a lot of people scaring you. The wait and lack of customer service absolutely ruined my experience here. No haunted house is worth 2 hours.
1	The wait is terrible, they have no consideration for their cuatomers. The lady at the booth who we asked for a refund from, after we have already waited an hour and a half, was rude and not pleasant at all. Many people from the regular line would go and pay the extra $7 to go in thw VIP line, which extended the regular line waiting time. Instead of grouping people together they rather let groups of 2 or 3 go by themselves. The waiting area is very warm, with no refreshments or bathrooms. The fog in the waitimg room is way overboard, and makes no real sense consisering there is only one person "trying" to scare people in the line. It is pathetic. I would never return, it is a waste of time and money.
5	Awesome authentic haunted house! A lot less of a wait than scare house and definitely better actors at terror town!!
4	I personally love haunted houses, and try to get to one every year. I had not experienced Terrortown, despite having lived near it for a few years. We met up with a few friends at Rolands before hand for some drinks and then sauntered on over to Terror town.I really dont understand what these other folks are saying about the lines, especially considering that we went at 930 on a Friday. To be fair, we did purchase the 25$ RIP tickets. I found the electric chair to be a little hokey, but we didnt have to wait more than 20 minutes to go in.The "tour" was pretty good by comparison. I enjoyed it every bit as much as 100 Acres Manor. Some actors were particularly adept at their roles- a shoutout goes to Walter for being an exceptionally awesome improv schizophrenic. Most of the props and rooms were pretty well put together.All and all it was a good time, and is certainly worthy of consideration in anyone's haunted repertoire.
4	I went on Friday, around 9ish, wait wasn't too bad(15 minutes), it took around 45 minutes to get through the whole thing, and the thrill was unmatched by any scare houses in the area. The actors were phenomenal and scary!! This is not a place to bring kids, very realistic and eerie. I would definitely recommend
