4	Great. Fast and nice. Little pricy but good food
2	The service is good, which is why it deserves 2 stars, but as far as food and subs go, you're going to want to go somewhere else. I've been here twice and both subs were abysmal. I can't remember exactly what it was but it was a thin with roast beef. Basically $4 for some dense chewy bread with 1 slice of meat. It would have been $5 with 1 slice of cheese. The second time i ordered a different sub but it was still small and tasteless. Besides service, the only other nice thing about here is that their ingredients are always fresh and they bake their own bread ( I mean the bread sucks but at least it's baked in store).
2	I don't get the fad? The bread is just ok and the fillings are piteful. They don't have very many veggie options to make your sub a little more hearty. The chip flavors are strictly their brand and could use more variety. It's a bit expensive, about $10 for a medium with chips and small drink, compared to it's competitors. I'd rather do firehouse and get a meaty sub then just some bread. I do have to give them props for fast service, clean restaurant and delivery!
2	Ok first time here or actually ordering online. Ordering online is nice and it was fast. I opted to pick up our subs since we are five minutes away. So I got there and the guys were nice. My subs were already done when I got there. So I got home and my wife and I opened our sandwiches, wow what a disappointment. First impression, pathetic excuse for a sub. I looked at my wife's sub,"The Pepe" and it had one thin slice of ham barely any lettuce or onion which she asked for. Seriously it had like two rings of onion. The sub is supposed to come with provolone and it didn't even have it on there. Also asked for Dijon mustard and again a swing and a miss. My sub, "The Vito" was ok at best. We won't be ordering from here again. It doesn't seem like you get your money's worth or even an accurately made sub. My wife and I will opt for Firehouse Subs. So much better in our opinion. But hey the chips are good.Oh our order for two 8" subs and two bags of chips came to $14.59. Spend a few more dollars and go to Firehouse subs...
