3	The food that they do make here is really good and there are interesting vegetarian choices. The menu however is pretty limited  and doesn't include any Ethiopian curries so don't expect anything extravagant. The owner is super nice and friendly, but the atmosphere is a bit dingey. I usually get takeout and eat the food at home - and it lasts two meals!
4	4.5 stars!Both the food and prices were great at East African Cafe.  The owner was very friendly and courteous, and my friends and I agreed that we would definitely return. In fact, it was so good that I am writing a review now after being there 2.5 hrs ago and having spent 1.5 hrs driving back to Toronto.We went on a Monday evening for dinner so it wasn't very busy, although there were people trickling in and out during the three hours we were there.  The atmosphere is very casual and it's a fairly small restaurant with approximately 6-7 tables at most.The food menu is not extensive, but it doesn't need to be as the large vegetarian sampler comes with six items including a salad and injera (unique Ethiopian flatbread).  For those who also love meat, there are beef and lamb options too.  Between the three of us, we ordered a large vegetarian sampler and a lamb dish, which came to a total of ~$26 including taxes.  The food was delicious and the lamb was not as gamey as I had anticipated.The food quality at East African Cafe is definitely comparable to the fancy, modern Ethiopian restaurants in downtown Toronto, but it's half the price!
4	My friend and I had a vegetarian platter each. The platters are actually vegan friendly (the bread doesn't have any butter or milk and the salad dressing is house made vinaigrette). Platters were huge. My friend is a fellow vegan eating machine and we could not finish all the food. For normal peeps, I would recommend splitting a platter.Platter consisted of a small house salad, three kinds of lentils, spinach curry and African bread. Everything was simply made but fresh and delicious. Only one of the lentils was too spicy, the other ones were perfect. The space is small but not cramped. Simply decorated with scenes of the African grasslands. Very casual atmosphere. A small bar with regulars occupies the front portion. There are tables for four around the bar. Space is clean and hygienic.This would have been three stars if not for the service. The owner lady was awesome. She is soft spoken and not very assertive but really kind and knows her menu well. As well, one of the owner/servers came over uninvited and gave my white girlfriend a tutorial on how to eat with her hands. He was patient and humorous.Given price of food, efficiency and kindness of service and cleanliness of space - I would def-o reco.
4	Aw yea, best Ethiopian food in town. They have 3 meat dishes and rest are vegan friendly including the bread with gluten-free option. Lamb is really good!
4	Don't judge the place by the dingy look, it's actually pretty good Ethiopian food. The vegetarian platter is more than enough for two and quite tasty, and includes lots of injara (the bread like stuff you use to scoop up the lentils and salads). Not quite as spicy as I've had in Toronto. The service is nice, but slow so don't be in a rush!
4	The perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover! My SO and I decided to give this place a go because of its great reviews. We were the only customers at the time, because we had lunch at 4pm. Otherwise, the owner (I presume) just had some regulars or friends sitting at the bar, talking to him. They were really kind people too.As we sat there, I admit we had our doubts. The restaurant itself has seen better days. It was in the heart of Kitchener and people stared at us through the window, then at the restaurant sign. We didn't know what to expect and I feel a bit guilty, because now I do genuinely like this place.He could tell instantly it was our first time trying anything of this sort and tried to walk us through it a little. We were definitely surprised at the size our platter was. We ordered the beef and lamb tibs (which was delicious). It came with so much injera - the absorbent sourdough flat bread. No cutlery, you just pick the meat up with the bread. The meat was so good. You could tell they were lean cuts of meat, but they weren't tough. It was cooked well and the sauce kept it from going dry. Now, we don't like the taste of sourdough bread, so that was just our own fault for not doing research. But by what we saw, everything was really authentic and well-made. It came with a simple side salad of shredded romaine. I don't know what was in that oil-based dressing, but it was really good and I ate all of it.Since it was just him working, it was sometimes hard tracking him down because he would be cleaning something behind the bar or in the back. But when he had his back turned, a friend would always see us and tell him we needed something. I thought that was really nice of them.We ended up having to take the rest home. The owner helped us pack it up and the box was so heavy! He told us he really appreciated us coming.
5	I love Ethiopian Food and I was a loyal eater at M & B Yummy in Toronto until it closed down.  We since relocated to South Western Ontario, and I have been longing for Ethiopian food ever since. Taite has been trying to convince me on trying East Africa Cafe in Kitchener for some time so this weekend I took the plunge! I regret nothing, well... Except not trying the food sooner! The Vegetarian Combo was delicious! The Tusker Beers (Kenyan Import) were flowing, and were ice cold. The injera was fresh, plentiful and delicious! The man who served us was courteous, smiling, and he brought our food out very quickly. I would have given East Africa Cafe a 5/5 but I felt the two person vegetarian platter was small.  We ordered a second Vegetarian Platter so we could both leave full (small portioning is a really rare thing at an Ethiopian restaurant) our bill was $55.00. I think that would be considered quite pricy for a lunch for two, especially at Ethiopian in downtown Kitchener but it was very fresh, and we each had a beer. 4/5 for fabulous food I do not have to go to Toronto for.
3	If you want something different, out of the ordinary, this might be something to check out. Watch out, some of the portions seem "smaller" than what they really are. I remember starting a meal thinking, I probably have to order more later but half way through the dish I was absolutely full.
5	Delicious food!! Takes a little while for it to arrive at your table but that's due to it being run by a husband/wife team. I always get the vegetarian platter, gives you 5-6 small dishes to have with the amazing bread. Normally busy at night, staff are very hospitable.
5	We went to this restaurant, when we went to see Oktoberfest in Kitchener, Ontario. We found the food too good. It was the first time eating Eritrean-Ethiopian food. Its billboard emphasising as 'special for vegetarian dishes' attracted us as we are vegetarians and everything exceeded our expectations. It looked as if it is run by a family, who have come from that region and started this restaurant more than 10 years ago. The manager Afework Girmayie (as stated on his business card) seemed to be the owner as well, who was kind enough explaining to us the mystery of east African food and making us comfortable. He was polite and humble. The food was reasonably priced. He displayed a picture of the scientist Stephen Hawking who had visited his restaurant. We highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be going there again on our next visit. In fact this restaurant created a desire in us to eat Eritrean-Ehtopian food whenever possible.
