4	This new store opened 10-29-2008 & gave away muslin logo bags + coupons for $5 off $20 purchase or saving 25%.  They had plenty of chocolate Halloween candy at a decent price.  They offer tasty holiday foods, zesty chocolates, & attractive holiday flower arrangements (that you put in a vase) as well.  For those of you into green, most excitingly, you can bring in any of your glass/plastic/containers that any of the products came in to recycle at any of their stores.  If you're there before 6pm, there are a myriad of samples to choose from ranging from blueberry muffins to lasagne, gelato, and even an After 8 dinner mint.  It's F& E tapas (samples) for everyone!!!!
5	Fresh & Easy is awesome, think Whole Foods without the pretension and Trader Joe's without the ridiculous prices.   It's a good place to get both raw cooking materials like meats and produce as well as ready-to-go meals, from curries to pizzas to family barbeque packs.  It's well-priced, fine-qualitied groceries that remind me of the organic Bay Area corner supermarkets more than the superstore grocery places around it.
1	I won't go to this store anymore.  There's a lot of competition for your food dollar so if I'm treated shabbily, why would I want more abuse?  They're absolutely stupendous if you don't have an issue.  (LOL --but fie on u if u do)  We had a series of unfortunate events occurring around the same time & were treated rudely, with disbelief, & short shrift.    I spoke to the store mgr Peter myself so it's not like I didn't try to get this resolved.  Firstly, I bought 8# of oranges for $7.95 that were moldy on the bottom.  Of course I couldn't find the receipt but no prob, since I have no issue with getting the same item; I'm not interested in the money.  But of course the price now is $3.95.  That in itself was not enough to upset me.  But secondly, we bought some Bertolli frozen meals that the sign said $4.49.  It rang up  higher.  When I asked for a refund, the mgr was skeptical.  I had to go with the mgr to point out the sign & he  promptly took the sign away with great exasperation (I'm sure not at me but at this point, seemed very attitudinal.)  Whilst he couldn't find the items on the receipt, I pointed them all out to him line by line.  He mumbled for me to tell the cashier to give me the refund on the items.  Again. I excused him for having a bad day.  (Despite this time consuming event)Finally, to the last straw:  our first item on check out on our receipt was an already cooked large ham that we were going to serve for our dinner.   When we got home, it wasn't there.  What would u do?  Of course, I called the store to see if it was still sitting @ the checkout kiosk but got the run around.  I identified myself to the mgr who acted like  it was so difficult for himself to see if the ham was up front by the registers or got put back into stock.  Obviously, he thought I was a pain in the ass.  If as mild, calm, & nontroublesome as I am, I'm his worst customer, he should not be a manager.  I told him it was on the receipt as the 1st item & I guessed the person that had checked out prior to us had taken our item as it was very busy in the store on Fri nite.  Plus the general disposition I got over the phone was extremely negative.  All I got for a response was, are u sure it's not in your car?  Well, we have no dinner so if I was calling, I've already ascertained that it's nowhere & that we accidentally left it behind.  I think if I would have gotten an I'm sorry about that I would have been satisfied but he made me feel like a criminal instead.  I know it probably sounds humorous & I will be laughing about it later but for now, my husband was ranting & raving about never going back to this store.
5	I love f&e plain and simple saves me the hassle of going across the street to smiths  which is always packed and more expensive.
4	When i want to get something to eat, I want to be in and out of the store as soon as possible. That is why i like fresh and easy. There never is a line. And i can check myself out.They have just a few choices of everything so the store is a lot smaller. No more walking a mile back to get something you forgot.They are not really a organic store but a lot of there food does not use pesticides or hormones.I like there fresh fish and there hummus. Some of there pre-made dinners are not very taste but they said if i didnt like something i could just bring it back. Oh and there pre marinated chicken fajitas are so juicy. hmm i think i am going to go pick some up right now.
