4	My hubby and I had time without kids Saturday night and were starving--so he suggested D'Imperio's.  Based on what I have read/heard, I have to say that I thought we would be walking in to an episode of the Godfather at 70+.  I'm happy to say, we did not!  The restaurant was booming--one room had a band playing, the bar was hopping, there was a private party going on in one dining room, and in the last dining room were regular diners like us!  All of them our age (40 something) or younger.  We had stuffed mushrooms and dinner salads.  There were only four mushrooms, but they were scrumptious. The house tossed salads were good but nothing special.  Hubby had a seafood egg noodle pasta dish that was loaded with fresh seafood in a creamy tomato sauce, he loved it.  I had an eggplant appetizer stuffed with mozzarella cheese that was good as well.  I would definitely go back for good Italian food.  Not only for old fogies!
2	Valentine's day.   Food was average, and service was *terrible.*   The couple at the table next to ours actually walked out after waiting a very long time to even give their orders to the waiter.  I think we had the worst server in the place, so maybe not fair to judge the restaurant by him... but the food was just ok, and he was beyond bad.  I doubt that we will go back.
3	I will give their SEAFOOD BISQUE 6 STARS!  Incredible!  But the rest was just ok. Pretty expensive too.
4	Recently I attended an event put on by one of Pittsburgh's 50 Finest.  This is a fundraising venture put on annually by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation of Western PA.  A proud alumni of the class of 2013, I know the amount of hard work that goes into hosting such an event.  However, the reward is so great because 100% of proceeds go to research in finding a cure for Cystic Fibrosis.D'Imperio's is a family owned italian restaurant located in Monroeville, PA.  Along Business Route 22, it is a short drive from 376E, one exit after Churchill.  Linda Ferraro, a dear friend and colleague from my work at UPMC, hosted the event.  She met with the friendly owner, Tony D'Imperio, to discuss menu, layout and flow of the event space, and a few other items.  The weather was beautiful and allowed for the back deck, enclosed with over 15+ slate bistro dining tables, mounds of fresh potted flowers, and a sound system to be the stage for the event.  Linda chose a playlist that included Frank Sinatra, Michael Buble, Andrea Bocelli and several other crooners to fill the energy of this polished event.  The menu included a robust line-up of fresh fruit, vegetables, greens and beans (made specifically with romaine in order to cut down the heavy nature that escarole traditionally provides), bruschetta, meatballs with sauce and so much more.  Linda worked with local vendors to create her own cocktail, the "Linda Limoncello" martini.  All proceeds from the sale of this specific drink went to her fundraising total for the night.As the crowd started to arrive, drinks were flowing and people started to partake in the raffle and 50/50 activities that collectively added to the night's fundraising total.  Angie Kinney, mother of 2 daughter's with Cystic Fibrosis, addressed the crowd about this disease.  The guest of honor was her 16 year-old daughter who helped pick all raffle winners later that evening.Lucky guests went home with packages from Massage Envy, Brewstone Beer Company, Monterrey Bay, Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium and many more items.  The winner of the 50/50 was playfully challenged to donate back some of his earnings, only to give all by $1 of the $200 jackpot.  The crowd immediately cheered on his generosity.Mr. D'Imperio and his staff were knowledgeable, friendly and attentive to the over 60+ crowd who came out to support Ms. Ferraro in this grand occasion.  Although the event was scheduled to end at 10, many people stayed with no pressure from staff to finish beverages and mingle about the night's success.If you want to book your next event at D'Imperio's, please do not hesitate to contact them.
