5	These guys have a great thing going. From their base at the Billy Bishop Airport in Toronto they offer great service and a great product. Their lounge in Toronto (at the island airport) is comfortable and offers plenty of seating while you wait for your flight. There is well kept self serve cafe offering snacks and hot and cold beverages. There are plenty of staff around to answer questions and keep things running smoothly. The boarding process is quick and painless and their Dash-8 Q400 aeroplanes are immaculately groomed. Onboard service is quick, friendly and free. There isn't much in the way of food (just some light snacks), but the complimentary bar service is a nice touch. Any time I'm back east, I'll definitely use them again.
5	If you want to travel to Toronto or Montreal, porter is DEFINIETLY the way to go! Just make sure to sign up for their newsletters, and you will get e-nmails about when they have sales. Don't feel rushed to grab onto their sales, since every time it's their "biggest sale of the year", which happens every few weeks. You get free wine and a snack, and the porter lounge in Toronto is really nice. Only annoying thing is that all flights have a layover in Toronto, but it's usually a quick layover, and you get free nuts, cookies, soda and espresso!
5	Awesome experience. Price point was great. They offered a free checked bag and wine and a snack on the flight. Who could ask for anything more.
5	Porter's Montreal staff is outstanding. They are so friendly that once, before a business trip, I even had my wife wait outside in an idle car while I ran my child in to the check in counter to meet the Porter staff.I have spoken already in other reviews about the company itself. I'm a huge fan of this airline and how they treat us. All that is missing is a Porter lounge in Montreal. ;)
2	Porter's Montreal staff are still amazing. They are the only thing that seems to have survived the butchering of the company. In other Porter news, though: Porter has rolled back virtually every single attribute that earned them my admiration - and loyalty - from their start. They have begun to nickel-and-dime customers, charging $25+tax for a 1st checked bag within Canada. They have stopped serving boxed meals during meal time.Their PREVIOUS customer service excellence has disappeared. Their 45% off sales are BETTER than their 50-60% off sales, which calls into question their integrity in advertisement. In the last 3 trips, I have had issued that required interaction with their customer service in Toronto, and have left with a feeling each time that the agents are saying just about anything, without regard for truth. They just want to get out of trouble, so to speak. Honesty no longer matters. Same thing for their Twitter and social media staff, who are (presumably following orders) but completely ignoring customer complaints and responding with irrelevant and insignificant comments that have nothing to do with the issue being raised.Along with all of the new fees and cutbacks in service (huh?), they no longer have any agent on the mainland side of the Toronto Island Airport. So, to sum up, they are charging more money, giving customers less, and everything we loved is gone. Porter used to be geniuses at achieving competitive advantage. Now they have become just another airline, no better than Air Canada. Yikes.
5	They  are fast and put Me on the flight home sooner no charge for change flights so I don't miss my kids sporting event You guys are the best
