2	Ugh.  Get it together.Long drive across town and address given was incorrect.  Some new and used furniture.  It is okay and nicely latex out but not worth the drive when they don't offer the usual Goodwill discounts.
3	First of all, finding your way into this place is IMPOSSIBLE. If you're Westbound on Thunderbird then you have to drive PAST the store, turn North at the first light, and find your way in through the back streets. That's literally the only way in or out.Once you get there, you can COMPLETELY DISREGARD the "new" furniture. About 60% (give or take) of the furniture is considered new, but it must be floor models or damaged stock from wherever they source the stuff, because literally almost everything is somehow damaged, and is obscenely overpriced on top of that. SERIOUSLY, DON'T BOTHER.As far as used furniture, it's a mixed bag, of course, since it's all donated. Most of the used furniture seems very reasonably priced. Not the deal of the century, but by no means expensive. The other miscellaneous used stuff seemed, in general, like it was better quality than you'd find at an average Goodwill. I don't know if they redistribute merchandise between the stores and send some choice stuff here, or if the quality of the stuff is just due to the store being in a half decent neighborhood, but they do seem to have somewhat higher caliber merch. The prices, however, are a bit erratic. Some items seem very reasonably priced while some seem way too high. Don't expect to find many $1 bargains or anything, though.Also, they DON'T do 1/2 price colored tags at this location. However, they DO honor the 20% off coupons that are evidently available through the Goodwill website. The coupon is applicable only to used stuff. I assume that they don't do 1/2 price Saturdays, although I didn't actually ask.EDIT: They DO have half off Saturdays now, on the same day as all other Goodwill locations. Discount only applies to used stuff. Still no colored tag discounts as far as I know. They do have occasional discounts of up to 40% on new merch, but it's an occasional thing. For holidays and stuff. Even with the discount the new stuff is still overpriced, tho. END EDIT.Overall, the store was very clean and the staff helpful to an extreme.The store's worth a look if you're in the neighborhood, but don't make a special trip if you've got to cover any significant distance to get here.
1	First off everything in there was way way over priced for used furniture for what they were asking for it I could go to other stores and buy it brand new. Second it was a maze to get through to the parking lot...I expected better from goodwill...don't waste your gas going here...so DISAPPOINTED....
3	It's okay.A decent selection of stuff, plenty of it new, but ftmp so much of it seems overpriced and they don't have the weekly tag color to offer additional savings.Long drive for not much.
4	Yes, it's a bit awkward to find the first time.  Yes, some of the things are a bit overpriced, but for the most part it is the new items because you are comparing them to traditional goodwill prices.  I agree that there aren't a lot of the $1.00 items.  That's not what they are going for.  They are going for a more upscale version to attract a new sect of buyer.  The system they have in place is if it has a colored tag, it is considered a donated item and is eligible for all the discounts and coupons and what not (and yes, they do have 50% off every other Saturday on donated merchandise only.)Just like with ANY trip to ANY thrift store, you may not find anything or you may find one of those diamonds in the rough.  My parents got a two piece tiered genuine Thomasville furniture hutch and buffet table for $120 and I've gotten multiple pictures, frames and knick knacks for SUPER cheap!The new furniture has a floor model and that is what is in the store but you can also custom order the furniture in different colors as well and have it delivered to your house.  Plus, since it's goodwill, there is no sales tax so the price you see is what you pay.  The man and I were looking into a couple of different options and asked some questions, so that's how I learned this stuff. We also learned that this store gets some of the first picks at donated furniture so they can offer some of the better pieces and they won't sell clothing or shoes at that location so it doesn't have that musty smell that some do.  Overall, I've taken several friends with me and referred several others and as long as you don't expect to walk into a traditional goodwill, you'll be pleasantly surprised!
5	Man, people are picky with the prices! I don't know what day you all went, but I went midweek and scored some good deals.I got a like new computer chair for $20 and a small file cabinet with no dings in it for $10. I also purchased some smaller items for my bathrooms ranging from 99 cents to $3. All in all, I came away with some great stuff. The showroom is very clean and spacious. There isn't a lot in there, but I am not looking to furnish my whole home at this time; just a few odd and ends needed.The prices are comparable if not the similar to other used furniture stores in the Glendale/Peoria/Phoenix area.
1	We went to look at bunk beds/mattresses. We were initially greeted and welcomed, at the door. That nice feeling lasted about 30 seconds. Our kids were immediately yelled at by Candy, who apparently is a manager, for having their shoes on a mattress.A. Your mattresses are FILTHY. You're lucky that we we even considered still buying one there. If they can't test it, we can't buy it.B. They didn't even have their shoes on.C. The nasty language that you muttered "under your breath" that you thought we didn't hear...think again.We promptly rounded up the kids and left. If you think that momentarily returning to verbally convey our distaste was the end of it, you're wrong about that too. We'll never be returning to that store again, and I'll be contacting the district manager to the let them know how that store is being "managed".HORRIBLE experience!!
1	My family and I are frequent goodwill shoppers (love half price Saturdays!). We've been discussing getting a bunk bed for our older girls to create more play space for them. Our first stop Redesign by Goodwill of course!I asked my daughter to lay on the display mattresses so that we could find the right fit for my little bear. The first mattress was a little more than I wanted to spend, so I asked her to move down the line a little and then noticed memory foam ones on the other side so she proceeded to crawl across to the other side. By this time our middle child wanted to partake in the fun and joined us, meanwhile papa bear managed our two yr old baby bear. About 4 mattresses away sat the evil manager troll who was assisting two gentleman. She barked "keep your shoes off my mattresses" and then proceeded to make additional snide comments under her breath to the other customers.I was appalled!!! First, my oldest wasn't wearing shoes (she took them off before getting on the first bed), second our middle child was crawling on her knees with her feet up (making sure not to put her feet on them because she knows better), third the mattresses were FILTHY! I actually kept my oldest off one because it was so dirty. The kids were not yelling, running around, or being disruptive to other customers, they were simply excited about their new bed (that we will be getting somewhere other than this store).We gathered up our clan and immediately left! Totally disappointed because I had also fallen in love with a $800+ table and chairs set on the way to the mattresses. If you hate children, like having someone talk about you under their breath and enjoy a counterintuitive experience where you look at but don't touch a "tester" this is the store for you!!! NOT a place that my family and I will be returning to.
1	This store is confusing. The prices on their furniture is turn on your heel and walk out the door. You can pay more than retail here. Why have a Goodwill mega store that  cherry picks stuff, therefore making the other regular Goodwill's second rate? The number one reason to shop thrift stores is the better price-which this store eliminates.  They should close these high end Goodwill's and disperse better items to the regular stores, increasing sales there. Goodwill does a great job of quickly turning over items by their weekly sales, things find their right price eventually.
1	I found a mirror reasonably priced, fell in love with it but as I was carrying it through the store to find more things I kept smelling this horrible cat stench...I turned it over to find that a cat had been spraying on it as it must have been left in someones garage up against a wall. Dont they check this stuff? I thought they repaired it and made it better thus...REDESIGN? I would like to give 5 stars for their attempt to take things they get for FREE and finding the most obscene price for them and if I owned the place I guess I would be happy...but as a customer, a consumer who gets nothing for free, I have to give them one star. Furniture is what they are trying to sell here. Hey, look, if I am going to pay that much for furniture, I am going shopping at a furniture store where I can complain if my item is damaged and maybe get it delivered, fixed or marked down.
