4	Having never visited their original location in Southern Highlands, I was excited to find a more central location, albeit on the strip, located on the trendy Linq boulevard.With appetizer choices seemingly more appealing, our small group shared tapas style, enjoying most everything hitting our bar top.Starting with the best options:Thai Sweet Chili & Bacon Prawns ($12). OUTSTANDING! Prawns are HUGE, butterflied & filled w/ cream cheese, and wrapped with a crispy slice of bacon saturated in sweet chili. Order this, or you're missing out on the obvious WINNER here! And don't worry, it's not spicy in the slightest.Rolled Angus NY Strip w/ Asparagus ($14): Provolone, Basil, Sun-Dried Tomato & Marsala Mushroom Sauce. Excellent, thin sliced TENDER beef, pairing so well with the sun dried tomato & mushroom. Recommended!Smoked Salmon Carpaccio ($13): Truffle Vinaigrette & Capers. Thinly sliced fish with just a hint of truffle fragrance. Very enjoyable!Steamed Green Lip Mussels ($13): White Wine Tomato Broth & Garlic Bread. Tender shellfish in a creamy tomato broth, a bit mild in flavor, asking for a hint of salt/cheese to set it off.Truffle Parmesan Fries ($8). Good amount of truffle oil, but towards the bottom pile, became hidden behind a plethora of SALT & salty cheese. It's been a long time since I've considered a fry almost too salty lol.Marinated Olives ($8). All pitted for easy consumption, the large green olives were delicate and flavorful...the smaller Kalamata olives with a considerable amount of vinegar.Truffle Mac & Cheese ($8). Well cooked pasta, nice cheese ratio and sharing size, but without a hint of truffle oil.Baked Chicken Wings ($9). Good flavor, but missing the nice crunchy consistency found in the preferred fried variety.Lamb Gyro Cheesesteak ($11): Roast Peppers & Onions, Provolone & Peppadews. Bread cut too shallow, leaving a dense waste of carbs at bottom. The lamb was flavorful, but hidden between that same bread...I'd pass on this.And for dessert:Al's Cheesecake ($6). Very creamy cake, bubbly and light. It was enjoyable, but would fair well with a nice crust for consistency.Double Chocolate Sundae ($6): Peanut Brittle, Hot Fudge, Cherry & Whipped Cream. Very CREAMY chocolate ice cream, as if it was not even frozen! The brittle baked thin, nutty...a very welcoming addition. Recommended!To quench the thirst:Chamomile Breeze ($10) & The Orchard ($10). The former delicate with a fair amount of citrus, the latter a bit sweet with cinnamon and apples, yet finishing with a nice bourbon undertone.Overall, an excellent choice on the Linq boulevard, more enjoyable than my last few stops in the area.  Would be a great place to catch the game, grab some good food, or a pit stop before/after the Wheel.  ....Just make sure to ORDER THE SWEET CHILI PRAWNS!!
5	Great hospitality, great service, great food!  And they're open 23/7!
5	Great service and amazing food. The meatball sliders are bond and the truffle Mac and cheese is something you will crave. This place is open 24hrs. Awesome place for late night food and drinks
5	This place was recommended by the O'Sheas bartender. Excellent lunch. So good we went back for dinner. Calamari was the best EVER!!!!! Highly recommend!!!
5	Incredible appetizers. Awesome service. Leo was our server and he was great. The whole staff had a nice vibe.
5	The staff here are amazinf Grade A customer service  ; respectful'friendly:and polite.they are awesome they let me charge phone to and catered to my wants.thank u Ricky ocampo for the awesome hospitality.the music is good and the place is classy plus artistic.Shout to the staff that work here in this pic .awesome
5	Forget about other nearby locations for breakfast. This is the place.  Delicious Belgian Waffles, Smoked Salmon plate and the most beautifully cooked poached eggs I've ever eaten. Service outstanding from everyone here.  Good ambiance.  Been here twice for breakfast.  Will definitely  be back to try lunch and dinner.
4	This place is fantastic! The food is pretty good, the food is cheap, and the service is out of this world. Probably one of the friendliest restaurants in all of Las Vegas.The only minor complaint is that I wish that they would expand their menu a bit or serve brunch since I'd like to eat here more often. :)
5	The BOMB!!!! Food is awesome, our server Leo was hilarious and very good!!! Matt the manager is very personable and takes pride in his restaurant!!! You will not be disappointed GO eat at off the strip at the linq!!!!!
5	Amazing that pretty much sums it up for me it all started with management from the moment we walked in the front door Matt was the first person we met and we were really impressed with the manner in which he presented him self and the restaurant . And that was just the beginning the staff was incredible and the food was amazing there was not one thing negative to say about our entire experience I defiantly recommend this restaurant I guarantee if you try it once you will come back as we are already making plans to return . If you get the chance to go there ask to sit in Leo section he was one of the many people that made are time there incredible great job keep up the good work...
5	I'm always looking for great breakfast places when I'm visiting Las Vegas, fortunately, I found this place while strolling down the linq.  Food is pretty awesome, and so is the staff.  Our server, Anabelle made great recommendations and she provided such cheerful and personable service!!  Our meal consist of smoked salmon platter, which was absolutely wonderful.  Red quinoa cakes were delicious but the oatmeal just a little on the sweet side, but our server was very accommodating and replaced our overly sweet oatmeal with toast.  Service a definite 5, food 4.5, ambiance 5.I highly recommend checking this place out when you're in Vegas, prices are reasonably low and definitely worth the trip
5	For a place that's barely been open two weeks, this place is destined to be a hit. With an eclectic bistro menu downstairs and traditional chop house upstairs it has something for everyone. I had the grilled Mahi with quinoa, but also had tastes of the stroganoff made with fillet, the chicken parm and the gyro cheesesteak. It was all amazing. With some of Caesar's Palace's and Las Vegas' top restauranteurs, this place has all the makings of a home run. The    level of detail in the decor, food quality and bar offerings really is like no place I have ever been.
4	Great food, even better service. When I sat down at the bar I was immediately greeted by 'Joey' who asked my name. He was very friendly and accommodating. Other reviews I read before I came here mentioned the service and believe them all. The greeting wasn't all the discussion I had from the bar, which isn't normal for me as I'm not seeing that at bars as much anymore, nor do I invite it. These guys really put forth the effort to make conversation.I ordered the baked chicken wings (a few pics already so didn't add to the pile) they were amazing. 6 to an order for $9, they aren't spicy (recommend to the owner to make this an option) but they still taste great (I personally enjoy spicy food). I followed this up with a slice of cheesecake. Let me tell you as a cheesecake fanatic, this is good. Can't stress enough the service, everyone here makes a strong effort to engage in conversation with their customers. I see it with all the patrons currently sitting in the room. I had a nice discussion about my company and CES with Mario. Really nice and knew my company just by looking at my shirt. Not that I work for an obscure company, but he was or seemed genuinely interested in what I do.So let's get down to it, why would I give 4 instead of 5 stars with all the nice things I have to say. Well one thing is I'm a stingy bastard when it comes to ratings, if everyone is 5 stars then everyone is the same again, so what's the point. The other is I do have a couple requests of the establishment to make it better for me. 1 the beer selection is lacking. I'm a dark beer drinker, they have one dark on the menu that's not my style, which is ok because if you don't drink beer or dark beer then who cares. The other goes back to the wings, taste great, but give me a spicy option or at least some hot sauce on the side.Again, great food and better service, check this place out of you're in Vegas
5	The food is excellent and the service is great. Very homey and warm environment. The beef stroganoff is the best! Cheesecake is a must as well. Will go back again!
4	Wandered in while looking for a snack in the afternoon. They were super attentive because they've only recently opened. Modern decor. Multi level seating and tv's at bar(s). I had the mussels and they were fantastic. The mussels were plump and fresh and the tomato broth was worth asking for extra bread (or a straw). I am not sure which glass of wine I needed up having because the server got confused (I sampled 2 and picked one but may have been served another). Still it was a good experience and reasonably priced so I'd go back given more time and will bring some friends next time.
