1	BEWARE!!! So last night my girlfriend and I needed something quick to eat and decided to go here. It was terrible in the worst way. The soda system was having a problem and did not taste right. Later finding out that it was broken and was not putting syrup into the drinks. Did they tell customers, NO. Kept right on servicing everyone. The food was horrid and we both got sick later on the evening, not fun for food poisoning. We called the place the next day and said we wanted to speak to a manager (which was not there the night before) to complain. We were on hold for over 10 minutes. So we call corporate, we ask for a refund and are told 3-6 weeks for someone to process and maybe refund. We were also told that it was not a grave matter, no one actually died. Wow, poor customer service all around.
3	Carl's Jr....now serving Turkey Burgers.....HUH!!!!! So naturally I had to go and try it because I simply love Turkey Burgers....and I have to say this one was pretty good for a fast food restaurant. They may be on to something here....because no else makes one....McDonald's nope....BK....nope....Culver's....nope....Wendy's.....nope....Jack n the box.....nope....I think you get my point. I had the guacamole Turkey Burger and it was surprisingly good.....now don't get me wrong it wasn't great like the one I had at True Food Kitchen (read my review on that) or any other I have had....but in a pinch it will do. The restaurant itself was pretty clean....but it caters looks like to mostly old people and homeless people....didn't care for that really....but again who does. However if your looking for a decent Turkey Burger give this one a try....i think you will be pleasantly surprised. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Carl's Jr is my guilty pleasure place for burgers. They make it when you order it so service is a bit slower than your usual fast food place but, it is worth it. I actually crave their fries after a long day at work!
3	Western Bacon Cheeseburger. Enough said.
