3	This particular post office is close to home and I tend to frequent it quite a bit for my EBay hustle.  What can you really say about a Post Office.  This one isn't bad and I've been here enough times that some of the clerks actually know me by name now (okay, actually it's only one).  They all look like they are miserable and hate working there, but when you talk to them; they are actually pretty friendly people providing you with some quality customer service.  I give this place a 3 stars though due to the fact that something is always up with their self-serve drop box.  I'm not sure what the exact term for it is, but basically you can help yourself at an electronic kiosk thing (if you are shipping something).  The actual process is quick, easy, user-friendly, and efficient, but the drop box that you put your package in is always full or broken (it won't even open).  This is the reasoning behind my 3 stars.  On top of that, they only have 2 clerks running the line (at least every time I go and I've gone during all times of the day and week), making for a very time-consuming wait if you do not want to use the electronic kiosk.Pros: * Clean, Well- maintained location * Priority boxes are always stocked (I find this to be a problem at other USPS locations) * they have the self-service electronic kiosk * passport services and P.O Boxes availableCons: * Drop box is always full or broken * Always busy * Not enough clerks running the lineOverall:  I'd be fibbing if I were to say I'd never go here again.  The truth is, it's a convenient location for me and the service is pretty good.  If they would just get more clerks and fix that troubled drop box!
5	Access to inside 24/7! Safe and secure!
5	Love this place! Safe & well lit!Important when you're dropping off a wedding response card at 2:30 am ;)In all honesty, I truly love this location! Its convenient because it is 1/2 way between my home and my work, its almost always either empty, or near empty, and the staff is always friendly and know me by name! This truly gives it a small town and intimate feeling with in such a big city - as you know, a true rarity in Vegas (one of the main things I miss about my hometown MN).The parking lot is clean, parking spots are bigger then average (awesome as it reduces the chance of your car being dinged) - something that seems to be unavoidable here, and the landscaping is surprising well kept! For a simple post office, they really put a lot of hard work into making this place shine!
1	I would have rated 1/2 star, if I could.  I dropped off my package for 2 day delivery at this location.  I checked tracking information a week later and it still shows the package as accepted.  I called up the 1-800 number on the receipt and was told to get in touch with the local post office and inquire why the package is stuck there.I called the local number about 5 times.  It just kept going to canned voice mail message and then hangs up.  There was not even an option to leave a message.  This was 9 am.  The office is open at 8:30 am supposedly.  So I went to the post office.  I started to explain that I wanted to check the status of my package that says 'Accepted' and seems to be stuck there.  Lady at the counter did not even bother looking up the package.  I tried to say it's been a week and usually, I would see a status that the package is travelling from one location to another and I don't see that.  She wouldn't list, kept cutting me off and refused to help.  She went on a long tirade and talked to me like I am in kindergarten - that the status on the website might not be current, it may seem that the package is not moving but it is, that in between dropping off and delivering the package, the wheels are turning and you don't see it blah-blah-blah.  Then she said I can fill out a form after a month for insurance....  I work in technology so it's not like I am oblivious to how the system works.  It's not even what I was there for.  I am not questioning how up to date the tracking status is and why the package has not been delivered.  I wanted to check if my package was still there, and if there is a problem so I can get it resolved.  Use the this location to mail out your packages.  It's easy and convenient.  But don't ask for help from people who work here.
3	less crowded the other usps.
4	According to my boss, this location never has more than two cars in the parking lot and the interior is always empty. Well, it's Christmas time and there were about ten cars in the parking lot and maybe about that many people waiting in line.Luckily, despite only having two employees working, this location seems to be pretty efficient. The guy worked his counter while the lady walked along the line pre-processing people (finding out what they needed and helping them directly if possible). As a result, I wasn't in there very long at all. To top it off, everyone (including the customers) was in a cheerful Christmas mood.
5	The post office is never an exciting way to spend your day off at. We were originally at the tenaya location but left after waiting for an hour and half and not making any progress towards our passport applications. We left and came here and to my surprise is was nearly empty. Thank god for sandy, who held our hands the entire process ensuring that everything was filled out correctly. Because of her we will be on our way to the Caribbean in June. So thank you, Sandy, for outstanding customer service with a sense of humor. Lady had us cracking up!
