5	Bad Donkey is the north Phoenix answer to Cheba Hut.  No, it's not the same, but if you are jones'n for a top-quality toasted sub it's a good place to go.I had their "Grass on a Roll"  - whole bunch a fresh veggies, cheese with "Bad Donkey Sauce".  Good eats!Cute place, good food and a very friendly staff.
5	I give The Donkey a 5 Star, my first 5. The Donkey holds a special place in my heart, many many good eats and plenty of great beers had here. If you like beer - you MUST Try the Bad Donkey "P"!!! Where the P stands for Premium!! Seriously, its a Belgian white -- and having been to Belgium, this is a damn fine beer. If you are squeamish, ask for a sample -- they'll gladly give you a small glass to test the waters. I've yet to see anyone say no after a sip.The service is great and the food is always super fresh and good lord is it tasty. I stick to my "Crusty Old Italian" with pepper jack most of the time but there are so many good subs, salads and pizzas here its hard to pick a bad eat. Super healthy to super meaty/cheezy - the Donk has you covered.The owner Charles and his wife Julie are often found behind the counter at the Donkey -- not only some of the nicest folks I've ever met, but they are freaking HILARIOUS. I've probably spit at least a dozen mouthfuls of beer whilst eating at the Donkey when these two are around due to shear intense laughter. I love a place that not only combines great food, spectacular cold beer but good times. Also -- if you went in the early days and couldn't get a seat -- they have expanded the seating area and added a belly-up bar (wine and beer only) and even a ice cream shop! Ask Charlies for a 'Boothie' (Donkey P and orange sherbet! Sounds weird but holy hell its amazing! And has alcohol! YES!!!)You won't be let down by The Donkey!!
5	Bad Donkey has stellar breakfast burritos! Get the burrito with chorizo, salsa, sour cream, eggs, (add potatoes), etc. and you'll love it. Excellent toasted sun-dried tomato bagels with cream cheese with coffee. Great service too!
5	Bad Donkey is far from my house and every time I go, I feel bad for driving so far for food.  That is, of course, until I'm eating.  With perhaps, the best breadsticks in town and made to order salads, Bad Donkey is simply amazing.Throw in the hip atmosphere and friendly staff, and Bad Donkey is worth the extra $7 I pay for gas to get there.
5	I don't often come up to the Carefree/Cave Creek area but when I do, we always stop by Bad Donkey. I'm a big fan of their Pizza on a Bun and Donkeypasto salad--the helpings are generous, the food is extra tasty, and the service is quick & friendly! Bad Donkey is also conveniently close to Barlett so it's the perfect place to stop before or after a day at the lake.
3	pretty good. I had the crusty old italian sandwich for my first experience. I kept hearing about the "donkey sauce" so I was excited to try it.... Its basically like italian dressing... I'm like, uh, ok....  Over all though, a pretty good sammy..... I'm just not so quick to be throwing 5 stars around.
5	You can't help but love The Bad Donkey. The food is fresh and tasty, the crew is friendly. I always feel welcome when I walk in. I usually get the pizza , the Grass on a Roll veggie sandwich is excellent too -- and recommended by my wife.Now that they've expanded the dining area and added the Dinky Donkey ice cream shop, you can spend all afternoon there.Haven't tried the weekend breakfast burritos yet, but will do so soon.
5	Pizza is excellent.Donkeypasto salad is excellent.Subs are excellent.Breakfast burritos are excellent.Staff is exceptional.I'll definately be back.
3	Friendly service and Chris enjoyed his brew. Pizza was tasty. We were deep in conversation so not really paying attention, but we enjoyed everything. Super glad I could get a little salad with our pizza. Perfect sizes to share between two people. Great lunch spot!
5	Great place for a quick quality meal.  I've had their salads, pizza and subs and they're all really good.  They have their own "Bad Donkey Sauce" that's oil with seasonings.  It's delish!
4	Here's what I want from a sandwich place: clean, generous but not obscene servings, friendly help. The Bad Donkey nailed all three. I picked up a Rueben and salad for the hubs and I to split for dinner, and it was plenty of food for the two of us. I arrived just a few minutes before closing and the staff was super-friendly and, most importantly, has not started breaking down the food prep area. I hate when places start doing that early and make you feel like a bother. My only complaint was that I waited a solid ten minutes  for my food and I was the only one in there. I'll be back to try some of their other menu items and see if the prep time gets any shorter.
4	Subs, pizza and ice cream all in one place!This is a low key place to grab a quick and not so pricey meal in Cave Creek. The ingredients are always looking good for the subs and there are some delicious choices to choose from. It's nice that there is a small outdoor patio area for those fair weather days! I always come in here around lunch time and see families and older locals grabbing a bite and hanging around, the younger crowd usually grabs it to go.
5	My friend suggested we meet at Bad Donkey in Cave Creek, off Tom Darlington. The name alone gave me a little chuckle.Entering I realized its not your little place... There are 3 sections! Food, Drink, Dessert... AMAZING food, Inexpensive drinks, and DELICIOUS ice cream. Definitely suggest stopping in, and having a quick bite followed by dessert ( for sure grab a beverage if you drink) and then enjoy the rest of your day up in Cave Creek. Loved it!!!
5	Excellent place. We take our young kids quite often. Great subs especially the crusty old Italian. Also great salads.
3	I'm troubled by this review. The owners are the nicest people you will ever meet, and I have great respect for what they have done for the Cave Creek community.But, sorry, the food is very average.Let's start with the Pizza. Face it, if you put Red Barron pizza in front of kids, they will eat it. Yuk! Sorry, but the Donkey pizza is not much better. The crust comes out of a box, pre-formed with dimples. The toppings are nothing special. The sauce has no flavor. Everything is bland and flat. I guess that's what kids crave.The subs are a bit better. But if Safeway can make a better sandwich, that ain't saying much. Psst, Safeway makes great panini and subs, don't let anyone else know.I will say that the place is very clean and the staff of high school kids are friendly and helpful. Surprisingly, we find ourselves here often as our many kids sports teams love to hang out for the post-game.
4	Nice, locally owned place with high school kids running it.  Pizzas are alright, maybe 3 stars, but good family owned vibe here makes it 4 for me.  Could use more parking.  They have craft beers on draft too, which is nice.
2	After hearing how wonderful this place was from a few people, my husband and I decided to try it out. Boy were we disappointed. It wasn't very crowded and even though the people who worked there are nice, it took them forever to make our mediocre sandwich. They totally skimp out on the cold cuts and the sandwich is mostly bread. When I saw something about their secret sauce, I was really intrigued and hoped add an original kick to the sandwich. Boy, I was mistaken. The secret sauce is nothing but vinegar and oil. Save yourself the $10 bucks on a sandwich from this place and get two much tastier sandwiches from the Safeway deli. Don't believe the hype.
4	Woot! Love this little place and am super happy to see a non-chain pizza joint nearby. Well, relatively nearby.I can't speak for the subs and salads yet but the pizza is awesome. If you like a sweet tomato sauce w/ some basil in it to flavor things up... this is your place. Super good flavor. Salami for topping! Yay! The place is pretty small and every time I've gone there's been a decent amount of people eating. Staff has always been friendly and helpful. The decor is done up with donkeys everywhere and has that unique, independent charm that I miss from my old Austin haunts.I seriously must try the ice cream place that sits at the side!
5	Awesome pizza, subs, and salads!Great place and owners are cool!
4	First time.... Will be back. Best thin crust pizza in the area.
5	Lots of food! The sandwich was amazing, I had the club and the Greek salad.  The salad was flavorful as well. I love local restaurants!  Everyone working there was super helpful.
