5	Overall satisfaction:  A+, Helpful and Knowledgeable staff, Fast Service, No unnecessary pressure or work added     Most people dread taking their car in for service...and I am no exception.  I am however a female and I think we dread it more. I am always on the lookout for an honest mechanic shop that does not take advantage of it's customers (female or not) and I have found it at this Brakes Plus location.       Along with the basic service (oil changes, tire rotations, etc), I have had some major repairs (engine mount) and some not so major (small oil leak) taken care of at this location.  Regardless of what service they are performing I am always informed (and most times SHOWN A+!!) what the issue is, what the options are and then given the choice of what I would like to do.  There is never any high pressure sales tactics used, just honest conversations about what needs or should get done and when.  When I do have service work, it is taken care of in a timely manner.  I normally have to wait for the car and the staff is constantly checking in and letting me know the status.       A special thank you to Joe.  He is always courteous, helpful and knowledgeable.  I believe he makes it a point to know his customers and build those lasting relationships....it may be that we share a common interest/fascination of motorcycles, however I think it is his overall good nature that makes his customers feel at ease. :-)       I have enjoyed (as much as anyone can enjoy a mechanic shop) using this Brakes Plus location and will continue to make it my go-to place when I need car maintenance or work/repairs.Updated 08/06/2013 from 4 stars to 5 stars as I have consistently seen spot on customer service and quality work from this shop.
5	Here is a shop that operates with honesty and integrity. I always get nervous going to a shop for the first time because I don't want to be talked into something I don't really need, but after my first two experiences here, I won't go anywhere else. I had my wheel cylinders and front brake pads replaced back in December. Fast forward five months, and I get in my car one afternoon and the brake pedal goes to the floor. Luckily it still came to stop but I knew that I had to get in to see what was going on. Although there are many other "brake" shops around, I decided to drive back down to this shop just in case it was something that was previously worked on. They got my car in right away and luckily I was covered by a warranty (phew) so the work I needed done was at no cost. I was out of there in just a couple of hours.There's more work that needs to be done on my car, and although I let Jason know that I have already been quoted a price, he looked it up again and tried to find ways to save me money. For someone who is on a tight budget and finds it hard to justify putting hundreds on dollars into a car that is on it's last leg, I'm incredibly appreciative.
5	I've gone to Brakes Plus two times to have work done on my car. They are close to my office and the service I've received both times has been outstanding. The first time, my tail light was out and I needed a quick replacement bulb. They replaced my bulb for free, which was such a nice surprise. I went back to have my front brakes and rotors replaced. I was given a quote and decided to have the work done. An hour later, my work was completed and I was ready to go. The staff at Brakes Plus was professional and treated me with respect. They did not try to rip me off or sell me "upgrades" to my brake service. As a female, this was truly appreciated. I will definitely go back for all my automotive repair needs.
1	Longest hour and a half of my life! If you claim that you will provide a service within an hour and a half you should probably start on it before I come back to check on the progress Three hours later. I have other things to do. Thanks for lying to me and wasting my time. Took my car back before they wasted any more if my time.
