5	i went here one time, to buy a car battery. i have no idea how this came about or why this kid offered, but next thing i knew, the 20 year old employee was changing my car battery for me in their parking lot. good for him, customer service gets an A+...too bad he didn't really know what he was doing. about an hour and a half later i'm stranded outside this tiny battery store while the kid is filthy and sweating, trying to figure out why my car won't do anything despite a stellar hook up job. a few phone calls to his buddies, he realizes there's a kill switch for the car alarm that must be tripped post battery change.so, another 20 minutes of the two of pushing the button, then turning the key. then key turn/button push combo. nope. ok, ok. you push and hold the button, then turn the key. got it! poor kid. probably thought he would help a damsel in distress (i wasn't really) and spent half his shift wondering "how the hell am i going to tell this girl i broke her car?"alls well that ends well. five stars!
5	I want to buy CR2450 battery. I come here and buy battery. They have lots of batteries. Man that take my money was super cool. I come back next time.
4	If you are in need of any kind of battery Batteries Plus is the place to go. They'll test your current battery for free, upon request, and I haven't found a battery that they didn't carry. They'll even replace the batteries for you in watches for free. I take all my watches to them rather than to a jeweler who is not only going to charge me for a battery, but will charge me for their labor as well. I even buy my regular batteries here because often times they are way less than at the grocery store.
4	I needed a battery for my camera.  Guess what I can now take some really nice pictures with a battery from Batteries Plus.  The two guys working in the store were really nice and knew where to find the battery I needed (my Sony camera takes a special battery).  They had two in stock and were 1/2 the cost of what my Sony battery was.  I charged it up and everything now works great!
5	This place is amazing. I can't say it enough. My boyfriend gave me his camera but the charger was no where to be found. After price hunting universal chargers at Target, Walmart and the like, I decided to pop into Batteries Plus. Their universal charger was more than $10 cheaper than Walmart!!!! That's amazing. To make it even better the gentleman who helped me made sure that the charger worked with my battery and showed me how to use it. Great service and great prices. I definitely would recommend seeing the experts first!
5	About two months ago, the keyless entry for my car stopped working. I figured it was a problem with the battery, so I took it into O'Reilly Auto Parts to see if they could get me a new one. Not only were they fresh out of the battery I needed, they couldn't even open the keyless entry at all!Fast forward to today, I decided to try Batteries Plus. I walked in and was helped immediately. I told Dave behind the counter that I thought I needed a new battery. He promptly took the device from me, popped it open, and discovered that some parts had come loose and needed to be soldered back together. He then did the soldering job for no charge and put in a new battery in about 45 seconds. Total bill: $3.95 to fix something that had been bugging me for months.10 star review if I could!
