1	I decided this business needed to be added to Yelp.  This will be my very first one star review because I can't give it zero stars.My daughter had been visiting a child psychologist here for the past 3 years every 3 weeks or so.  We initially had to come to this location due to insurance issues and the fact that other therapists weren't taking new patients.  My daughters doc was decent but everything else about this facility was horrid.Without fail the waiting room was always overcrowded and hot.  The front office service was spotty and the directions given were very poor.  When you would call to change/add an appointment you would wait on hold for long periods of time or be disconnected.  In person I was always given great service but I would watch as the staff would not give that same service to the other people there.  The doctors there were always late on appointments and had very poor time management.  They were always overbooked and really under qualified during our interactions.I would recommend that you go somewhere else for your child therapist needs.
1	Horrible Experience Here!!  Had to go here due to my granddaughters insurance.  We have been getting the runaround for 6 months at least, since she is under the age of 5 we have been refused services...After my granddaughter was evaluated thru the school system and diagnosed we were told she needed therapy asap...AGAIN back to this place and AGAIN refused, given no help....luckily I persisted and was able to get her an appointment....but when we were here many months ago it was crowded, very unfriendly, employees seemed incompetent...The lady who did the assessment was no help basically told us to come back when she is 5....well 1/2 a year later and we are still dealing with major emotional issues....that may not have been so out of hand had they provided help in the first place.  I will follow up with reviews after she begins her therapy with a specialist.
3	My Senior year, I was having major issues and told my counselor I told her I was having suicidal thoughts. We went to find places that could help me. I had my therapy given here. I was welcomed with warm arms in the name of Dr. Williams. We talked about what I was dealing with for a good hour and there I was diagnosed with MDD (major depressive disorder). I had her first session, but was given to Victor since Dr. Williams had many appointments already and we wanted to start therapy as soon as possible. The waiting room for me was no problem until my last session because I wanted a female therapist since Dr. Williams and my other therapist Liliana have both left, so it took them a while for them to find one who spoke English that wasn't busy with other patients. Not a problem, understandable. I had a great relationship with the ladies in the front desk. They were really nice and funny. Once I was discharged from the place, they said I could come schedule an appointment whenever I need the help. I give them three stars because my sessions with Victor weren't helping and I actually attempted suicide. Then I was given to Dr. Williams again after I was released from the treatment centre. Not only that, but they always put me on voicemail whenever I try to make an appointment. When I leave a voicemail, I was told they never get my voice mails. So I have to go there and make the appointments in person which sucks 'cause I live in the other side of town.
5	I am confident that, in my lifetime, I have been examined by more psychiatrists, psychologists, therapists, and/or analysts, than any other living person.   I have been to now-defunct behavioral centers of which the average wait time for a SCHEDULED appointment was more than 2 hours.I have been to centers which have under-prescribed, over-prescribed, and/or wrongly prescribed my medication.I have dropped decent psychologists purely because of their receptionists' incompetence, disrespect, and/or general negativity.I am unbalanced in many ways, but I can tell the difference between a good behavioral center and a bad one.This place has a host of doctors, but since I have only seen one (so far), I cannot review the competence of all of the doctors, but I can say that my doctor is pretty good and his initials are A.G.I do, in fact, know the entire secretarial staff, and the managing secretary is very understanding, knowledgeable, and attentive.She is by far the best behavioral secretary of whom I have ever dealt. Her first initial is S.I can cite specific scenarios which show why I am impressed with this place, but they are involved and you'd have to be me in order to be swayed.Of course, all reviews are subjective, as you can see from the range of reviews for this place, so I'll let the reader determine the validity of reviews made by patients of a psychiatric facility (if, indeed, the other reviews are from seasoned head-cases like myself. )
