4	What is one of the student unions normally is turned into another comedy venue for the Fringe. This is where many of the bigger acts play, including Reginald D. Hunter and others this year. Not to be confused with the Pleasance Dome, this is slightly further from the centre but is still one of the top comedy venues.The theatre is a good size, fitting in a few hundred people, and even right at the back you are still quite close to the stage so it offers good viewing for everyone. The only problem, and it is the same with all the venues is that due to so many people constantly being in there, it is ludicrously hot. This sometimes detracts from the show, but if you can get past it, come along to see some of the best comedians playing at the Fringe
3	I was recently in the Pleasance Courtyard in an attempt to organise a photoshoot with some of the performers there (of Keepers, which I hear is absolutely stunning), and had to wait around for about 45 minutes for my photographer to show up. I sat in a corner, being (and very possibly acting) extremely terrified. I'd only had one cup of coffee by this point and there were children. Everywhere. Laughing, running, crying, queuing up for one of the Pleasance's kid's shows. The Pleasance Courtyard, during the non-festival part of Edinburgh's year, is pretty stale. I.e. it's a carpark. During the festival, it fills up with a combination of people who work there, looking like they wouldn't mind being somewhere else, and people who're there to see a show. I was of the former. But that's just what the Festival itself can do to one, and not a specific quality that emanates from the Pleasance Courtyard itself.
4	The Pleasance Courtyard (a student union during term time) is transformed into a hub of activity for the Fringe during the month of August. It's awah with colourful leaflets and buzzing with the frenetic energy of excited audiences and pumped-up performers. Considering it's constantly busy, the staff are seemingly unshaken, and everything has been pretty well organised in my experiences of this Fringe venue. There are bars, a little cafe selling cups of tea and cake, and a box office where you can purchase tickets for the shows. They have a baby change area for kids and a hotdog stand, which I took advantage of today.The cafe is cash only, but you can pay by card at the bars and they give you cash back so it's cool. As a venue, it's roughly the size of a community hall or school stage, although I have only experienced one hall as of yet. It can be a tight squeeze, but that's part of the Fringe fun!I like the atmosphere Pleasance exudes. Overall it's a very pleasant Fringe venue, and the smooth operations are made possible by the lively, friendly staff.
5	You know, I'd have gone to this place more as a student if it had been like this all year. During term time the courtyard is used as a car park, there's a very dark bar where Noel Edmonds constantly steals money off me like some poorly attired anti-Robin Hood (on the ItBox, you fool), and there's the occasionally used theatre upstairs. During the Fringe festival, however, that all changes. The car park gets filled with picnic tables, there's a huge bar the runs the length of the courtyard, not to mention the several other bars dotted about the place. There's a BBQ, a dreadful hot dog stand (but we'll overlook that) and, of course, loads and loads of venues. There's a real festival atmosphere here, both day and night. Obviously the beer is way more expensive than it is for the other eleven months of the year, but it's worth the extra pennies for the atmosphere. A must-visit during the fringe. And no Edmonds in sight.
3	as previous reviews have said, this place is a year round university venue which is transformed into one of the bigger hubs for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.  that said though, i find this venue fairly underwhelming compared to the other fringe venues that are around the city during the festival.first off since the courtyard is a bit small the place usually gets pretty crowded during the afternoons and evenings, especially during the last few weeks of the festival.  so while trying to get to the bar in a massive queue, you have to push your way through people standing in queues for shows and those just standing having a chat with their pint.  not very convienent and my boyfriend found this particularly annoying when people kept cutting in front of us to get to the bar while we waited in a queue for our show.  this actually totally defeated the purpose of the queue managing staff telling us to get as close as possible to the people in front of us....i also find that the courtyard lacks that fun pop up beer garden feel that the other venues have.  there's no massive purple cow or fake grass covering the ground so you can just sit where you want.  the drinks at the bar are the same as all the other venues, but there are only a limited amount of food options if you're looking for a quick bite before or after your show.  so yay for the festival and the massive amount of shows on offer but a bit meh for this place as a venue.
4	The Pleasance Courtyard has over 450,000 visitors, sixteen venues, every entertainment under the sun, even a Kids Zone. It's little wonder that for many people the Pleasance is the heart of the Fringe. Go and see Blam!, The boy with tape on his face and more!
4	I cannot talk about this space as a year round venue, as I haven't been here year round.What I can talk about, though is it as a Fringe Venue, and there, it's amazing. You enter through narrow alleyways and cobblestone streets, only to find a giant party. People eating, drinking, tables, couches, chairs, the works. A great spot to hang before a show.And then, the show! Inside it can be a little confusing to get to your right space but once seated. you will enjoy. We saw one show in a medium sized theatre right in the courtyard and another in the giant theatre around the back from it. Both were amazing. Seats comfortable, you could see everything from anywhere and the sound was top notch. No saved seating here but it didn't seem to be an issue, everyone got a seat who had a ticket, everyone was happy.Again, I wish everything was labelled a little better. It can be very hard to find your specific venue, and when you do, where to lineup. During fringe they sometimes have people outside with signs pointing to the right venue, but not always (nice when they do.) Also we thought we had found the food section, so bought something, only to turn the corner and find a ton more options. Ah well.Besides that though, solid all around. See something here for sure,
4	11 months of the year, I think this is just a courtyard.But during August, when the Fringe Festival hits the city, it becomes a tardis-like venue with a warren of other venues inside it. Go down the cobbled lane to find a courtyard brimming with people. Look for the Alice in Wonderland styled signpost that (perhaps purposely) is more confusing than it is helpful. Pro-tip: if your ticket for a show says the venue is "Pleasance Courtyard" it won't actually be in the Courtyard. There are around 10 other 'venues' (rooms / theatres) that come off of the Courtyard, and you'll need to find which one it is, and which queue to join, once you're there. There's a big board that lists each show and its sub venue.I find the Pleasance Courtyard to be a fun place to hang out between shows, or before - and it's less "Friday night lads-hit-town" than Udderbelly can be. I don't think I'd go here just for a drink, only if it were before a show; but it's somewhere I like to be.Not a whole lot of food options: burgers, mainly. There are two bars. If you go past the main bar, with a pathway on the right, you'll find a whole other bar area with heat lamps and couches.Like I said, it's an Alice in Wonderland tardis that takes place down the rabbit hole. It is Fringe Festival incarnate as a venue.
4	Wow! Pleasance really rocks during the Festival! I've been here a couple of times out of season, but that doesn't prepare you for the madness that takes over the place for the Fringe. There are awnings, tents, stalls and even a couple of small venues jostling for position in the courtyard like a medieval carnival or something. Take a deep breath before plunging in, otherwise you'll be completely overwhelmed by the noise and spectacle. I found it a little hard to find what venue my show was actually being performed in as the ticket simply said 'Pleasance courtyard', but as the performance time grew closer some helpful ushers appeared with big signs and started organising queues for the various shows, so it all worked out well.I loved the bar area towards the rear with it's comfy armchairs; a nice place to relax between shows and fairly close to the loos as well, which was nice. One of the better-organised Fringe venues, this ranks alongside Assembly and Gilded Balloon at the top of the Fringe pile.
