5	I've gone to Cherry Lash for a while now and I've never had a disappointing experience! The staff is amazing & the new Henderson location is convenient. At first I was unsure about extensions, but after one visit with Cherry Lash it became an addiction! I would recommend seeing Jasmine, a lash artist, because she is knowledgable & passionate. My appointments with her go by so quick & I'm constantly getting compliments on how flawless and natural my lashes look :)
4	I had an appointment with Asia (lash master) and got the "ravaging" set ($189). The salon was nice, comfy chairs and soft blankets. Asia was nice as well. The process was relaxing & not uncomfortable at all. The results were not what I would have expected for almost $200. The lashes were pretty and super lite weight which was great but honestly it just looked like I had mascara on. I suppose I expected more dramatic results for the money. No one noticed any difference in my appearance. I did enjoy not having to apply mascara for the 2 weeks they lasted but will not be paying the $90 every 2-3weeks to keep them up. Again, the lashes, lash master and atmosphere were great. I just didn't see the value in the service being provided, especially the cost of up keep. If they were more affordable I would have given a higher rating.
5	I cannot even think of my face without my pretty lashes! They are easy to maintain. The lounge is clean and smells great, everyone is super friendly. Alyssa is awesome!! The price is right and the quality is super! Highly addictive!!
4	This location is Cherry Lash Lounge's newer venue, and it is just as good as the one on the west side of town. It is a smaller location, and a bit hard to find, as it is nestled in a small shopping center off of Eastern Avenue. Despite its slightly hidden location, the customer service and quality is just as good as their other store. They are not yet fully set up on Yelp, so in order to receive the check-in discount, you'll have to check into the west side location, but they happily applied it for me. While I'd prefer to continue getting my lashes on the west side, my lash artist now works in Henderson- so it looks like I'll be making the trek- she's that good!
5	I jumped on the band wagon and went to get eyelash extensions. I've seen the groupons and have heard of a few other places. I have seen the work that comes from Cherry Lash Lounge so I made the appointment. I wanted to get into the location closer to my house but they were booked out so I went with the location in Henderson. I'm so glad I did. When it comes to hair and makeup, I rely on the technician to know what's right for my face etc. Denise was amazing. She went over everything with me. I gave her an idea of what I wanted and I ended up with excellent results and lots of compliments. No pressure to buy their products. I'm addicted.
1	I agree with Lindsay! After experiencing a horrible lash job at gorgeous lash lounge I made an appointment here to get my lashes fixed. I was shceduled to come in and looking forward to get the horrible ones off and get new ones put on. I was disappointed after arrival to be treated with 0 respect and uncalled for service.  They said I don't have an appointment and there's no technician that can take me due to such short notice.  They said that since removals are free, the earliest they can take me is in 3 weeks.  Wtf? I have to wait 3 weeks to get these uncomfortable lashes off? I might as well yank them off!Not only they refused to take me, they claimed I lied about the appointment because they know for a fact they haven't been scheduling for any removals due to that reason. Are you serious??? Why do you advertise free removals and not take appointments for that? I'm willing to pay for it. I just wanted my lashes taken off and a new set put back on. Even after showing them my appointment booking online and confirmation,  they refused to take me.  I'm never coming back!  I'm having such bad luck with lash extension places that I'm giving up. Maybe lashes aren't for me.
5	I just left Cherry Lounge and had a wonderful and relaxing experience. I had my lashes done at Beyond Beauty salon and after a week my lashes were falling out. I made an appt w Cherry to have their service they provide for people like me who have lashes done elsewhere and need them fixed. ALYSSA was my master lash artist and she was so professional and knowledgeable. She had to remove my lashes and completely redo them. The removal was completely painless and I was so comfortable. I dozed in and out of sleep and 2 1/2 hours later my lashes look gorgeous. I'm hopeful these will last.
5	My second time at the Henderson location.  The first time I ever tried it was for the $1 promotion to be a model for new apprentice artists.  I had Sherria who now works at the Rainbow location and she was absolutely wonderful!  So kind and wanted to make sure I was doing okay every step of the way.My lashed looked great!  The second time I went back and scheduled with Cheeterah which, by my accident, I thought I was scheduling with Sherria again and to my surprise when she came out to greet me it was a different girl.  Nonetheless, Cheeterah did a pretty decent job although towards the end I started to get annoyed because it felt like she was pulling my lashes out one by one.I will still go to the Henderson location since it is closer to me than Rainbow but my next scheduled appointment is with Sherria again over at Rainbow.  Perhaps I will have to try Monsey at Henderson, I've heard great things about her!Lastly, I have had my make up done by two separate make up artists after having the lashes done by both girls and both artists raved over my lashes and asked where I had them done since they said they've seen a few bad extension jobs before.Thumbs up and I will forever be a customer, I love this place!
2	I tried out Cherry Lash Lounge on Thursday the 7th. I booked an appointment online which is extremely convenient. I booked with Denise. Denise was extremely nice and personable. She took me step by step what she was doing. Even though I had been getting my lashes done since summer first started by someone else, it was still nice for her to touch base with me  The place is kinda hidden but it is really clean and relaxing. The chairs are comfortable. A neck support would make it a little better. My reason for the two stars is that I kept feeling like something was bothering my right eye during the process. I did mention it to Denise and she adjusted the tape but it didn't go away. So now I am stuck with a very irritated, red eye. The eyes are super delicate and I am trusting someone to take extra care of it when doing something so close to the eye-like eye lash extensions and I know it is not an allergic reaction to the glue because it is only my right eye.
5	Just had my fill with Christina. I did the Lash Artist 1hr fill. Sit back, relax & take a nap in their comfy recliners. Christina was amazing super gentle and offered an excellent service. I knew I was in good hands with her. By the time I woke up from my beauty nap My lashes were full and looking brand new again. I come here every 2 weeks for a regular fill. All the girls offer great service. I always pick a lash artist or Master.
5	Monsey did my lashes today. I got the cleo set. She made me feel so relaxed and did an amazing job. My lashes look perfect. Definitely ask for Monsey at the Henderson location. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
3	I've gone here a few times to get my lashes done. First time was with Monsey and Cheetarah. Monsey worked on my top lashes and Cheetarah worked on my bottom lashes. Both were apprentices at the time but they did a good job on my lashes. Then I got my the lash-plus fill with Natalie and she did a good job as well. The third time I went was for a free service for the apprentices in training. Luciana gave me a regular fill and did a nice job as well, especially for someone in training.The only reason I'm not 100% satisfied is because even after getting my lashes done a few times, my lashes still don't look noticeable (Not compared to other people who have had their lashes done at Cherry) You can tell if you look up close or to the side, but from the front, you can't really tell. I've had lash extensions before elsewhere and the lashes I got done looked great and noticeable. I'll give it another go, probably with a Lash Artist and see if anything changes.
5	Just received a full set of lashes from Asia. They look amazing. The shop is very clean and professional but also trendy and cute. Really friendly front desk staff, was offered coffee or water while I waited which was only like 2 minutes.  The lounge chair was really comfortable. I practically fell asleep during the service.  Asia was really helpful helping me decide on what type of lashes to get because I had no clue. They have so many length curl options available the possibilities seem endless. She did a great job and was very thorough explaining after care. Already rebooked for my next fill appointment in a few weeks.
5	First time ever getting lash extensions.  I am leaving for a two week trip tomorrow and didn't want to mess with mascara, plus wanted to treat myself.Got in very easily.  Their online booking is a cinch.  When I had to amend it the receptionist was super helpful and friendly.The place is beautiful, with lots of nice touches.  The details tell you there is love going into it!  :). They offer you water, then take you back to super comfy recliners.  Loved the fringed curtains (evocative of the "fringed lashes".  Cool!  My person was Monserath ("Monsey".) Super pretty and feminine, with a wonderful guest -comfort approach. After applying collagen pads under my eyes as a mini treatment, I could feel her focus and patience as she applied the lashes.  The results were breathtaking.  She is very talented!   I know not everyone can do this.Def the place to go.  Everything was beautiful and well executed; from being greeted to saying my goodbyes everyone was wonderful.
5	I have been going to Cherry Lash Lounge for one year now. At first I thought I would go for just a event I went to... But once I had their lashes put on.. I could not stop going. The service is totally 5 Stars from the Receptionist to the Lash Artist. I love them!!! My Artist is Monsey.... I highly recommend her...her work is wonderful. And I get compliments everyday. But today was the best compliment ever... My eye doctor asked if my lashes were real... They are so beautifully put on they looked real to her. She had never seen lashes like mine!
1	Goes without saying that the quality of the work at Cherry Lashes is great due to the level of training they receive.  Usually they have great customer service as well, but that was not the case on yesterday at the Henderson location.  I scheduled myself for a fill regular.  The lady at the reception greeted me by saying, "When is the last time you were here and let me see your lashes".  This woman literally inspected my lashes to see if I qualified for a fill.  I WAS SO INSULTED AND DEGRADED.  Turns out that they somehow created two separate profiles on me (not my fault) so the lady at the desk did not see that I was a regular at Cherry Lashes since the day the Rainbow location opened.  The record in the account that she pulled up showed that I had not been there since July.  So basically she was accusing me of trying to steal services.  For me this was the equivalent of a store clerk asking me to empty my pockets.I asked to speak to a manager once I got in the back to show her that I had plenty of lashes from my last visit a few weeks before, which did indeed qualify me for a fill.  On my way out the receptionist apologized for her blunder.  The apology did not take the hurt from the insult away.  She can keep her apology.  The manager was very apologetic and gave me a 50% discount, which I took because I deserved it.  The manager was top shelf.  The receptionist.........questionable if she should be working in customer service.Cherry, you have the monopoly now.  It is only a matter of time before someone copies your concept and you will find yourselves in deep competition.  It will happen.  Treat your customers appropriately now or you will feel it later.
5	After going back twice to get lash fills, I am updating my review. I cannot remember the first person I went to who filled in my lashes but the experience was excellent. No red, irritated eye and again I was comfortable. The only problem I had was my lashes lasted me a long time when I first got them done then seemed to last half as long this time. I was annoyed but decided to give Cherry Lash Lounge one last try and it's been a week or so since my third and last full and the lashes are lasting and the experience with Vanessa was wonderful as well. I even fell asleep during my experience. Sorry for twitching and jerking when I woke up, Vanessa. The only thing I'm really sad about is that I had to upgrade to a Lash Master in order to get my desired results because, as a college student, I'm pretty tight on money. But hey you get what you pay for. I believe this business is run very professionally and thank Roger for personally calling and trying to make up for my first experience.
5	Every three weeks, I make the 2 hour drive to the Henderson Cherry Lash Lounge, so Monsey can do my Fill Plus. I am eye phobic, but Monsey makes the process easy and I have even caught a small nap in the process. My lashes remain thick and full for the entire 3 weeks (I also use the Sealer, religiously).This is a salon I highly recommend and an Artist to whom I have become a loyal fan.
5	Love love LOVE this place! Always professional, on time, accommodating, clean! My lashes look amazing every time I leave- special thank you to Amber who does a fabulous job and always knows just how I want my lashes to look! Hope to see more locations pop up!
5	Came in to get my lashes done for a special event, my artist was Monsey, she did an absolutely amazing job, I couldn't believe how amazing my lashes turned out, now I'm hooked, she know exactly how I want my lashes everytime!!!! Highly recommended, she's so polite and friendly, always making sure I'm comfortable.
5	I'm giving cherry lash lounge 5 stars because I was pleased with my eyelashes and the service. Monsey did my lashes and explained everything in great detail. How to take care of them and how to clean them. I think I'll be here every 3 weeks. I wanted a subtle natural look and I got exactly what I wanted. The place is nice and new and the receptionist were really sweet. The prices were really reasonable. I'm in love with cherry lash lounge!
5	Monsey is an amazing lash artist! She was recommended to me and I now recommend her to all my friends. I'll never go to anyone else!
5	I am do excited about the new cherry lash lounge location in Henderson congrats the atmosphere and the attitude of the staff is so wonderful Roger the manager is always happy and my Angie at the front desk is so special to me. I love Jasmin who also does my lashes she is so professional and knows how to take care of a client. I love cherry lash lounge I love the way I look each time I leave the location. I definitely recommend cherry lash lounge to every beautiful women out there. This is one of my luxury!
5	Great service and lashes done by Alyssa! Thank you! This location is closer to home and they always get me an appt.
5	I was faced with a traumatic event where my eyelash extensions was ripped out by an eyebrow waxer.  A lot of my natural eyelashes was pulled out by the wax.  Not being from Las Vegas, I was frantic trying to get my lopsided lashes repaired before a wedding.  Cherry Lash Lounge was able to squeeze me in last minute.  Ayshia did a fantastic job trying to make my lashes look as great as possible given the situation.  The lashes are very comfortable and made a horrid situation better.  I am feeling a lot better about the situation and know that if I had all my natural eyelashes .. it would have looked so good.
5	I have been going here for 3 months and absolutely love it. My lashes are beautiful and last up to 5 weeks. Amber is awesome, as are all of the staff. Prices are great, also!
5	Truly exceptional customer service. They not only provide a great lash extension service that lasts and looks amazing, but their reception staff go above and beyond expectations. If you are looking to get eyelash extensions this is the only place you should consider going.
4	Just finished up with Alexa. This is only my second time getting lash extensions and my first experience at Cherry Lash Lounge, so I don't have anything in which to make a comparison. However, for a 3rd week apprentice I think she did a great job. She gave me some useful aftercare tips and suggestions for improving my natural lashes. I will return and book Alexa again; she's very good and can only get better as time goes forward.
2	For starters....if you booked an appointment for someone do not talk about them while theyre in their appointment! This is my 1st time going for lashes and a little guidance would have been much appreciated. It wasn't till after my initial appointment I decided I was unhappy with the look the lady advised I should have gone in for a consultation, little late (probably the girl who books the appointments fault). The 2nd time I went to fix my lashes the receptionist was bad mouthing me for not understanding the process while I am in the same room! Then the girls started talking poorly about other clients, and saying how they do not care if they do not need the full 90 minutes to do your eyelashes they will just touch them making you think they are doing them so you can be billed for the full session. This is all very unprofessional and I am certain has left a bad impression on anyone getting their lashes done at that time.
4	I've been going to CLL for about 8-9 months now. I've bounced back & forth between the 2 locations & have decided to stick w/ the Henderson location, despite living in Summerlin. Every time I go to this one I always leave satisfied (w/ the exception of one time & they immediately corrected the issue). I've been disappointed more than a few times at the Rainbow location, which is unfortunate b/c it's closer. Hopefully their Summerlin location finally opens up this year! Prices are super reasonable & accommodate most budgets. I personally love their apprentices, probably b/c they're starting out [at CLL] & are extra attentive. Unfortunately every disappointment I've had at either location came from lash artists (4 to be exact).
