5	Went to see Aurora at club med spa. She gave the best facial ever! She know some awesome techniques that really relaxed me and gave me some great knowledge about my skin care regimen. I highly recommend going to see her she is helpful, gentle and informative!
1	This business is a total sham! Do not waste your money! I bought a Living Social deal, but did not get what I was told I was buying, even though I called to confirm what would be included in the purchase price. Sadie managed to sell me another nearly $300 in IPL services before I left. However, for my first return visit, she and the doctor didn't even show up! I was not the only customer left high and dry that day. I called her the next day to request a refund, which she promised to do, after I turned down her many offers for free treatments. The fact is, I would rather pay more and have professional service. The one IPL I had didn't do any good whatsoever, and the post-procedure didn't match the redness and crusty brown spots that I had researched to be the result. Even the research I did stated to be aware of low-level IPLs that do not offer the true results you will see from the doctor's office. The doctor that was there,  Dr. Kerns, didn't seem to be involved in any way. He was off site making copies for most of my visit, and came back to sit in a corner. Oh, and that refund, despite calling every few days for the last 5 weeks and being promised that it will be processed, I'm still waiting. Sadie, Dr. Kearns, and Club Medspa are a sham. Do not fall victim!
1	SHAM... went in for a Photo facial...any reputable spa , you would see results after ONE.  they want to sell you a pkg of 8!!! start at some low level frequency(nothing), and up it as you go !! Maybe # 8 you'll finally get a real photo facial!! DONT GO!!They talk a talk , like as if they are the most reputable, experienced  and use only the best................... if that's the case.......I shouldn't have to buy 8.....I should see results after 0NE !!!  and do more for optimum results maybe!! go ANYWHERE and you will see results after your FIRST visit!!
5	I started with Club Medspa when they were in the N Thompson Peak location and they have since moved to a BEAUTIFUL space inside a Doctor's office on Scottsdale near Shea.  This move has made it much easier to make appointments and has truly allowed Sadie to become part of a professional environment where her business is flourishing!  I initially had a 3-IPL package and yes- you do start off on a lower level and then work up to a stronger laser.  This is typical procedure and I expected to see results on a progressive- NOT instant- time line, so I was more than happy to purchase an additional 3 treatments.  After living in Florida for 10 years and AZ for 3- I knew my skin would need a little extra love!  Anyone living in Arizona should realize that you will need a minimum of 3 treatments to reverse the damage we get here just from walking to the car.I just finished my 6th treatment and I am SO happy!!  I can see the results and my skin looks SO much better- laser treatments also stimulate collagen, so that's an added bonus!  The next stop is a high intensity VI peel that Sadie has recommended- my friends in NYC are getting the same treatments for many times the price!I highly recommend Sadie and Club Medspa!  Thank you!
1	I think the filtered reviews give a much more accurate accounting of  experiences potential customers can expect here.  Not sure where these rave reviews came from but they are not necessarily reflective of what to expect in the offices where this business is conducted ...or how it's conducted...as others I've met waiting for their rescheduled appointments have relayed of problems with scheduling they've also encountered. Cheap treatments, cheaper excuses. Adds up to poor service in a customer's book.
