4	I am a pizza snob...I had stuft pizza while growing up and the original Round Table Pizza as well - you have to love the Bay Area.I never found pizza that was comparable to Stuft Pizza in all the places that I lived - okay, aside from Vegas -- there was North Side Nathan's.The crust here at Barro's is very close to Stuft Pizza and that is why hubby and I love it so much. It doesn't taste over processed and from a mix. It tastes like it's made there every day - a bonus!Their wings are pretty tasty and a bit bigger than we expected, which is a good thing.  :)We prefer having them deliver or going to pick up the pizza ourselves. It's clear that it's a very loud place...and I don't do loud places too well. ;) Well, that and I dislike little children running around me trying to beg for food off me.Definitely a thumbs up from hubby and myself!Now if they only had pesto pizza on the menu...
5	Gotta love Barro's!!  Used to load my car up with as many people as possible and drive over to Barro's for lunch...much better than High School food!  To this day (over 15 years) the pizza is *STILL* excellent!!!
4	I love the pizza here. It's absolutely what the doctor ordered for those nights when you want to just order a pizza. I particularly like the Barro's Special pizza. Gotta say I'm not a big fan of the wings here, they're kind of dry and have thin sauce on them.
5	Saturday night I had pizza on the brain, and Barro's was the first place I knew I had to go eat at.  I've had Barros before, just not from this specific location.I entered and found that it was setup like the other location I had been at, which is nice!  I went up to the counter and kept it simple with my order..small peperoni to go.  The girls at the counter took my order, and my pizza was done when they had promised!  I had to wait for only about 15 minutes, but thats not bad, and its worth every bite to have a good pizza.Anyways, I think I finally found my new pizza home!  Any Barros really, but thier pizza is consistant from what I have found between locations.  Its a pan style pizza, and the taste is what I like! Plus, they have a small wine and beer selection, which I like as well.  :-)
4	What a great place to take a bunch of hard working production staff who love pizza for lunch. Their usual lunch special which includes a large pizza, pepperoni of course, and a dozen wings for $22, I think those are the details!?!?  We order 2 specials and it is enough food to feed 5 to 7 hungry workers.The pizza is very good! It is the perfect everyday, really cheesy, nice and greasy pizza you would expect for a good pizza joint. Their wings are cook just how they should and are nice and spicy.The fact that it is close to my work and the guys like it makes it a great lunch spot a few times a month. Well done Barros!
4	I love Barro's pizza but there are none by my house which is sad.  I was in the area so I stopped in for a pie and decided to try something new.  I ordered the wing pizza which is wing sauce cheese and chicken and it was pretty good.  Barro's always has a great pie and if there was one by my house I would order delivery way too often and probably be 100lbs bigger.
5	My family and I have bought our pizza from this location since 1996.  The pizza has always been consistently good and the service is the same.
4	Decent Pizza.  Decent Prices.  Great place for kids.  They even offer a Gluten Free Pizza and a Gluten Free Beer!
5	is this the same place that use to be in Irvine CA.......Great Pizza
4	The pizza is pretty good. I'm not a huge fan of the sauce. My boyfriend and I stopped in for a pizza and a beer... They had a Gluten-Free beer, I don't have an intolerance or anything, but I tried it and I liked it. The atmosphere is very Chicago pub style.
5	Cut my leg on a table piece that was absolutely out of sight (nobodys fault) and notified the manager. He was quick to be very concerned about my leg and fixed the table while ensuring that the remainder of our experience was exceptional. We were very pleased with his customer service and ability to turn our perception around. We will be back for sure!
2	Stop in on a whim to pick up some pizzas. Got a specialty pizza and some honey hot wings. We even ended up getting a large cheese pizza for $2 since it was a mistake by the cook..so we walked away with a lot of food but were not that impressed. The wings were a huge disappointment for my lova' ( he is a wing man) and they did nothing for him. The pizza was good and settled our rumbling stomach pains but didn't eat leftovers and leftover pizza is one of my favs..for me to pass on it was a sad morning when i usually would have went for that cold pizza which of course, is breakfast of champions.Wompwompp.s it is big inside..good for kids to be loud and run around..tvs and all that..but the food was just meh...
5	This is a great location. Glad it's the closest to us. Barros is the best pizza and wings for the most reasonable price in the Valley. The low key, family atmosphere at this location is great for the kids.
4	This review is just on the food as I did not go to the actual restaurant. I have always heard nothing but good things and they were right! The pizza I had did not disappoint one bit. Thick and chewy crust, flavorful sauce, and lots of toppings this pizza was made with care and left me wanting more. The overall flavor kind of reminded me of this place we used to have here in the valley called showbiz pizza. It was the place to go before chuck e cheese moved in (the same company just different mascots). While the price is a little more than I normally put out for pizza it does sometimes pay to fork out a little more dough in order to get something great. The overall look of places like these mean very little given they are all part of a chain of restaurants. They usually have the same table, chair, lighting set up with the only real difference being the people who work there. So I will leave that to be discussed by others but if you have never tried this place or it has been a while I suggest giving them another try tonight!
5	I love Barros Pizza. I have been ordering from Barros since 1989. Definitely my favorite pizza! Pepperoni and mushroom is always a favorite here.
4	They require a $10 minimum now when ever you place an order for delivery so if you're close enough, just opt to pick it up instead and send your self some money. Barro's is my favorite pizza place ever. I'm a simple gal and enjoy plain cheese and theirs is pretty friggen awesome.
5	Barros is my favorite pizza joint. You can't find a better pizza anywhere. Years ago when we moved out of state, we bemoaned that we could no longer eat at Barros. When we moved back to Arizona, it was one of the first restaurants that we visited. I haven't eaten a Barros pizza that I don't like!  Ham and pineapple is one of our favs. The crust is always chewy, crunchy and perfect. Employees at this location were friendly and efficient. The pizza is always the best when eaten in the restaurant!  We will return many more times!
2	I LOVE Barros... love the pizza, wings, food, etc... I ordered delivery from this location recently and the wings were the only thing that was correct on the order. SUPER disappointed that it took so long and that nothing was right. I have never had this problem with any other barros, but I will definitely think twice before ordering from this location again.
2	I went with a couple girlfriends to watch the PAC-12 championship game. The food was good but the pizza wasn't crisp. The service was NOT good. They confused our order and then didn't believe we ordered garlic bread. Then they forgot our second pizza. We had to ask for silverware and parm cheese. There was clearly no manager on duty as the employees were loud and yelling in the dining room/flirting with each other. Then while we were eating, they brought two overflowing trash cans from the kitchen through the dining room and some of the trash fell on the floor. Gross! I will only get take out from this place from now on.
2	I've had Barro's before and the choices are ok and the pizza decent, but not spectacular. This was my first time at this location and I came with a few others.The pizza tasted okay, but wasn't cooked perfectly and the rest of the food wasn't overly memorable. The service, however, was terrible and the main reason for the 2 stars. The dining room had clearly not been vacuumed lately. The girls taking orders seemed in another world and there was a distinct lack of communication between everyone. They had to go back multiple times to confirm an order when there were barely 10 people in the place. We had to ask for silverware and they seemed put out when we asked. As we were there, a guy from the back brought heaping garbage cans through the restaurant. As far as I know, that's not sanitary. Also, the kids working had friends come in and start to socialize. There was definitely no adult on hand to monitor the situation. I'll be sticking with Spinatos or Oreganos for my quick pizza fix from now on. Better pizza and better service.
4	I really like Barros when I'm craving thick crust pizza. The toppings are fresh, and they put a lot on. I really like the chicken supreme and the buffalo chicken one as well. The slices are huge on a large, so even for two people, you will have a ton left over. Never had a bad experience eating here, or carrying out. Everyone's always been very nice and friendly, will be back.
4	Good fresh ingredients.  Pizza is great if you order a full one.  Don't recommend going in late lunch for a slice.  By the slice is always a bit chewy and dry.  BUT if you order an actual pizza thats made its fantastic!
1	Very disappointed in this location. I ordered a pizza, showed up when I was told. After I paid, I was informed that the pizza was not there. Problem could of been solved pretty easy but no the cashier took 5 minutes trying to figure out where the pizza went. Hello that is not the customers problem. So after waiting twenty more minutes during the afc championship game...pizza finally comes. Do I get an apology?...no. did they offer me a even a glass of water while I waited?...no. so I confront the manager on duty and he said she (one of 4 teenager girls working) should of given me 20% off next time. Why does he think there will be a next time! It sucks because I like Barros but I am laying off this one for a while. Worst thing is when I get home, my pizza is lacking cheese and toppings on one whole slice & another slice also has slightly to no toppings. Wtf! Here I come Nello's.
1	Nothing insults my intelligence more than a kid who is rude while taking orders in a restaurant.  The Barros product has been declining for many years...it really used to be great in the early 2000's.  When I called this evening, I was asked to wait on hold for my order to be taken.  I am always very cool about doing that kind of stuff because I understand that businesses can get slammed.  After ten minutes of no return, I hung up and called back.  This time, a girl answered and you could just tell how upset she was that they were busy and she had to work...boo hoo.  She asked if she could put me on hold and I responded, "only if you come back because the last person to put me on hold forgot about me after ten minutes".  She huffed and puffed and said really rude, "you know we're really busy tonight."  Yeah?  And?  Wtf?  You should be thrilled!!!  At least lie to me and tell me you're really sorry and you're gonna try to get back to my order ASAP!  Nope.  Just rude and ignorant.  Bye bye Barros, I've had my last slice!TIP: If you are in the Barros neighborhood and looking for an alternative, try either "Jimmie and Joe's Pizzeria" on Baseline or "Buono's" on Guadalupe.  Both pizzas put Barros to shame.
3	I ordered a dozen hot wings to go.    Waited about 15 minutes for them,  but considering I didn't call ahead,  that's not bad for a Friday. They were cooked perfectly,  deep fried and tossed in their tangy, tasty sauce.  Their "hot" wasn't as spicy as I'd expect "hot"  to be,  so next time I'll order "fire". My biggest complaint was the dirty carpets.   They may want to go all tile or wood floors if they ever do a remodel.  Ottherwise the place looked clean and well thought out.  Since I didn't eat in,  it didn't really bother me that much.   Overall, a good experience,  I was in and out fairly quickly for a Friday night,  I had some good wings,  so I will be back!
3	I cant remember the last time I had anything other than the lunch special here.Today, like dozens of other days before, I waited in a small line of dudes, all on lunch break from whatever drywall contracting or landscape company they work for, to get my two slices and a drink for $4.50. A pretty damn good deal for what you get! Not Costco good, but still a great value. The pizza is solid; crispy, chewy crust, mildly flavorful sauce, tasty sausage, generous, quality cheese, etc. It's possibly a bit doughy at times and for some peoples taste, but overall a decent slice. You could do worse. I usually wait until after they've rung me up to ask for a side of wing sauce to dip my crust in, they'll usually not bother charging you that way.The place looks like it was decorated by guy who sustained a brain injury as an adolescent boy and has been stuck as an emotional man child since. Trophies, sports paraphernalia, etc.. adorns the the otherwise blank walls.Faux wood, dingy carpet, and catalog stock furniture round out the ambiance. Its oddly too nice to be a charming "hole in the wall", and too corny to be nice. Overall...Barro's is hearty, serviceable, and  non-fancy....just like the workin' stiffs it attracts.
3	I've never eaten at Barro's, but remember my neighbor used to order from there once a week minimum.  Kudos to them for getting us in there with a coupon for a free large pizza since we are new residents in the area.  The pizza was hot, fresh, and fairly quick. The only complaint I have is when ordering, I asked if they had ham or Canadian bacon. The girl didn't answer me, just said, "They're the same." Well, they aren't... Canadian bacon doesn't have sugar, has less cholesterol and carbs, more protein, and is cut from a different area of the pig. Similar yes, but not the same. Anyway, we got a large "ham or Canadian bacon" and black olive pizza. Between the two of us, we had leftovers to take to work. Two co-workers saw it in the fridge and said, "Barro's, that's my favorite pizza!" Well, it's not my favorite, but it was pretty good. I'll be back.
4	I have come here many times since I moved here from Arkansas two years ago. It's my go to place for pizza. I will put more later
3	Not my favorite Barros location. This one's a little closer to our house in Chandler compared to the Tempe Warner and Kyrene location (better quality end product), and we decided to do take out one evening. The only reason I left the third star? Everyone on the phone and at the store was pleasant, and delivered great customer service. Our order, though? Not so great. The toppings and crust of our pizza was absolutely torched. The Fire wings were super fatty. I realize wings are fatty by nature, but these weren't the kind we've come to expect from Barros. Also, check the sign on their door I've added for this business. Good thing we showed up before 8, yeah? Will stick to the Warner and Kyrene Barros from here on out, unless I'm having an exceptionally lazy, "Don't want to drive that far!" kind of night.
3	I originally wanted to get some pizza from the competitors by this Hawaiian BBQ place nearby but Mr. W. wanted to try Barro's.  Driving by numerous times, I had always assumed Barro's was the same as the mall food-court place "Sbarro."  If only!We had ordered their special of an XL one-topping pizza with 24 wings for $28.  We ended up with a pepperoni pizza, 12 fire wings, and 12 BBQ wings.  I don't know if I was experiencing a lost of taste but everything tasted bland to me.  It had a good amount of cheese and pepperoni but there seemed to be a lack of seasoning.  The crust was almost a punishment in itself.  Although it was a chewy crust, it ended up being something to mindlessly gnaw on while staring at the television.  I do enjoy the portion size for the price and they weren't stingy with the ranch [although I wanted blue cheese sauce].  Mr. W. said the fire wings were outrageous but he also said the pizza was pretty good so I'm not sure what to say to that.  The BBQ wings did taste better cold out of the fridge the next day though. All in all, I'm not sure we'll be back again as there are many more options around that delivers more bang [and flavor] for the buck.
