5	I have been going to this branch for quite sometime, even when I get to the doors at, or possibly just after closing time, the staff has been courteous and gracious enough to let me in to make a last minute transaction. While they are quite efficient and don't take long per transaction, the conversation does not seem forced. The staff seems genuine and professional. I pass by a plethora of Chase branches while driving around, however, I will make the effort to go to this branch whenever possible.
1	Remember that scene in the movie Pretty Woman, where Vivian went into a high-class boutique and the saleslady refused to help her because of how she was dressed? That's how I was treated here by an associate named Rodney. I have a $200 cashiers check (guaranteed funds, it doesn't have to clear anything to be cashed, they already have been paid the money)  that is made out through Chase. So I came here. They refused to cash it, so I decided to open an account. Rodney was the one "helping" me. He refused to allow me to open an account because "chase frowns on people opening accounts to cash checks and then later closing them."  Well then why wouldn't you just let me cash the check?!? I told him I needed to open an account anyway as I don't currently have one. His response? "Well, it's twelve dollars a month..." As though I couldn't afford a measly $12 a month!I left feeling insulted.You really know how to treat potential customers, Chase. I'm never darkening your door again. Oh, and I will gladly remove this review if an attempt to rectify this situation is made. Which I sincerely doubt will happen, as like most banks, they don't REALLY care about customer service or they'd hire professionals who DO.
5	You have many choices when it comes to banking, branches like this make me wonder why others still exist. I'm no billionaire, more like a thousandaire but they treat me respect and service that is unmatched. Manager Mike is always working to ensure  all around customer satisfaction, Christian is making it happen, and Eli will earn you a few bucks for that retirement fund. Allstars in the banking biz
