3	So I'm from San Diego...was in Vegas for NYE. Decided to check out the mall..stumbled on this little boba place in the middle of the food court so I decided to try it out. The only girl working their seemed very sweet and didn't know too much about the drinks. Maybe she was new? Who knows. But she took my order..got honeydew slush with boba, boyfriend ordered ice coffee slush with pudding (heard it was good..so we gave it a shot), and my nephew ordered a watermelon slush. It took some time to get our drinks..but I don't blame her..she was alone. After about 10-15 minutes we got our drinks. The watermelon slush was DELICIOUS!!! kind of tasted like watermelon jolly ranchers. Then there was my honeydew slush with boba..it was eeeh..didn't taste too much like honeydew and my boba was hard. Now my boyfriends drink..remember he got an iced coffee slush with pudding?... ...yeaah..He didn't get that. She ended up just giving him a pudding slush.. idk why..who knows! I dont. ..she wrote it down as an iced coffee..yet gave him just pudding. It tasted weird..but my boyfriend being the nice guy he is..said it was fine and didn't wanna complain. So overall. I won't be back next time I'm in Vegas. But I do hope the place improves..it has potential..I can feeeeeel it. Or maybe thats just gas from my blaaaah honeydew slush. Yet again...who knows!
5	Wow what amazing customer service! I learned that it's a small family business that values their workers and specialty drink recipes. My favorite that the owner Brian made me was the orange cream-cicle. Definitely worth the try! My boyfriend loved the honeydew boba. Whenever we come back to Vegas this is always going to be our go-to spot. Also a little tip for you party animals, the Nutty Boba has awesome hang-over drinks ;)
5	So I'm pretty particular about my boba drinks (you can call me a smoothie snob) which is why I think this place rocks. This is the only boba spot I've been to that doesn't make artificial tasting drinks. I appreciate that I can get real fruit smoothies here with great quality. You'd never expect it but this is place has the best smoothies in Vegas.
5	By far my fav place to get boba smoothies. I have tried boba a few places and I ALWAYS come back here.
3	Boba in a food court? Why isn't this more popular?!Name is weird, apparently it's an attempt to highlight that they also serve nuts for snacking- boiled peanuts (regular and Cajun style), and some others, for $3/each (didn't ask for portion size) or 4/$10. Weird.The drinks are good-sized, priced average: about $5/each.They have boba and jellys to add to milk teas, smoothies, and milkshakes.Tried a honeydew that was super fake-tasting with way too much artificial sweetener- almost tasted too tart, like it had Green Apple in it or something. The peach milk tea was solid- lighter flavor, not too sweet, good portion of boba that was nice and soft.
