5	Top of the line Ski Jacket. This is the one of the Five Retail stores in America. I walked in a bought a jacket instantly. there stuff is much better looking then North Face North Face is too commercial and everyone has it now because of there countless SALES.This place is a must visit if you like North Face. I rather buy this brand since it looks better and the quality feels higher class.
5	I have seen a lot of active people wearing their gear. So, I decided to check it out. THe prices are a bit much for me to handle. However, I can understand why someone might splurge on a better, higher quality product for their active lifestyle needs.  Their jackets and things are much nicer than those you find at North Face or Patagonia. Another thing, there was a FAT sale going on. I was real impressed with their selection of gear and jackets, etc.  The outlet store location seems a bit newer than the other stores. Pretty cool!!
4	I tried to justify spending $500 on a ski jacket, when I dont ski or live anywhere near cold weather, but it didnt work out.  Luckily, I found a very similar color and style in a lighter weight jacket for only $75.  Yay!
5	This is one of my favorite stores EVER! I've bought two pair of Smith sunglasses here, and both times they were ridiculously cheap. I got a pair today for $19.99 (I just bought a pair at REI for $119 that are almost identical) and a few years ago I bought a pair for $39 that had the $99 price on them.I also love Spyder baselayers and ski jackets and pants. I always shop at ski shops when I'm skiing in Utah and almost always pay 3x what they're going for here.If you like high quality ski clothes, this is a fantastic store! Can't wait for Black Friday!
5	I have never met a clothing retailer with nicer people.  This spyder outlet has the best staff ever.  I bought my boyfriend a jacket here but it didn't fit.  I called the store and arranged a return.  I sent them my jacket, and they gladly sent one to me in the right size.  When my boyfriend got that jacket, he still didn't like it, so on our most recent trip out to vegas, we went to the outlets.With jacket in tow, they were happy to exchange our jacket with one that he liked... I didn't even have a receipt, but the tag was still on.Talk about great customer service.  I don't think any other retailer would jump through hoops for me, would they for you?
5	The Spyder Store at the Las Vegas Premium Outlet Mall is in a word, Awesome!! I have always been a fan of Spyder ski wear and the Spyder Store is the best place to get their gear at a great price. The store is smallish, but it is loaded with great values. The stores merchandise isn't typical of an outlet where you would find last year's styles, blems and picked over items. Everything is first quality and the newest stuff. There are sections for men, women and children along with accessories like sunglasses, hats and scarves. If you're lucky enough to be in Vegas on Black Friday you can check out Spyder's one sale day a year. On this day the prices are in the basement and it's well worth fighting the crowds to get the gear you need for yourself and to fill your Christmas list. Last year I scored a pair of $150 Smith sunglasses for my wife for only $19.
1	closed!!!
