5	We went to Blu Burger (Chandler) about a month ago.  I thought the burgers were unbelievable.  Though I must admit, I'm a pushover when it comes to a cheeseburger, I can't say I've had one that I didn't like.  Blu Burger is not only burgers, they have salads, sandwiches (including grilled cheese), and "designed" burgers.  Their menu is kind of fun if you choose to make your own burger; you start with your meat choice (I went with Angus to save some $), then you choose the type of bun, cheese, and veggies you want, followed by sauces and other, more exotic, toppings.  For me, cheeseburger adventure is getting mozzarella cheese and a fried egg on top, which I did.  I loved it, much better than a similar burger I've had elsewhere!  The fries were good, but nothing to write home about.  I had water to drink, so I can't comment on beverages.The food came out just as we had ordered it, and relatively quickly.  Though the wait staff was attentive (topped off our waters regularly, got the orders right), they didn't seem overly eager to be working that night.  On our way out, we stopped at the gelato counter.  I know, gelato at a burger place?  Don't ask me how, but it works!  They have about 5 choices, and they give out tons of samples.  I think it was only about $4 for a heaping cup full of gelato.We waited quite a while to sit.  There is outdoor seating, but it was closed.  I'm not sure if that was because it was windy or because the place is still so new.  We DID have a group of 8 or so, so that definitely played a part in it.We've tried some pretty good burger places in the Valley (and other major US cities), and Blu Burger holds it own compared to the competition.  I'd place it in my Top 3 of burger joints.  With it's blue, clean, interior, and delectable food and convenient location, I can't wait to take out of town visitors to Blu Burger for a "big city" dining experience!
4	A vegetarian who loves a burger joint?  Yep!  Our group of 8 (including Matthew J.) headed here after happy hour.  I must admit, I was excited because it isn't that often that a new restaurant opens in Chandler.  We went in and were seated within 20 minutes - which was great because its not that spacious inside.Everyone seemed to love their burgers, but I can't speak on those.  I ordered a grilled cheese, which I usually do at  "American" restaurants that provide vegetarians with only salads and maybe one other choice (boo...).   But, boy oh boy was this a great grilled cheese!!  It was more liked a toasted grilled cheese, because it wasn't weighed down by butter soaked bread like some I've experienced.  I even got to pick my cheese....yummmmyyy!!  I also ordered the Caprese, which was good.Plus - to top the night off - gelato!  It's great to have a new, hip (ish) restaurant in the area!
2	I agree with Don J. We ate there this week, and had the barbeque burger (with a split fee), and there was nothing special about the burger at all. Our wait staff was attentive, though one of the staff members had BO which was noticeable standing beside our table. The onion rings were good, but there just isn't anything that would compel us to go back.
2	Since it's close to the house, I thought I'd give this place a try.  Tried an Angus burger and the wife had the sliders.  The food was in a word mediocre.  I've had much better burgers in a lot of places that made lots of other things besides burger.  The sliders were pretty bad with thin tasteless meat.  The prices are high as well.  Oh well, on to the next joint. Only if Delux could branch out to Chandler...
3	It's good, maybe slightly above average but still good. The menu layout and customization is interesting, but I honestly would prefer a few other places for a burger! You would think for a place that has 'Burger' in its name and exclusively serves burgers in would be a little better.
1	Blu Burger is one of the last surviving restaurants in the AJs plaza at Chandler Heights and Alma School.  I fear that after AJ's closes later this year so will Blu Burger and good ridance.  Our family is a huge Delux fan and I wish that Delux would come to the EV because the food at Blu Burger was mediocre.  I got the california chicken sandwich-which was overloaded with spices-no mention of spices on the menu and my husband had the build your own Angus burger.  He said it was bland.  They couldn't even get the sweet potato fries right!  The kids mini burgers at $5 a pop were a total rip off.  If you are going to make food smaller then charge less.  I for one am tired of restaurants over charging on kids food.  The wait staff was as bland as the food and they all looked and acted like they couldn't wait until closing time. Don't think I will be visting Blu Burger again!
4	Bluburger Grille, it's really blue inside and out. I am a fan of this establishment because their ingredients are fresh and delicious. I chose the option to build my own burger and I was completely satisfied with my creation. I chose to create a portobello mushroom burger which I had never had before but I thoroughly enjoyed. They also serve sweet potato fries which is an extra bonus.
4	We orded this as take out so I can't speak of the service.  I have to confess I don't eat burgers often and was intrigued by some of the healthier options they offered at Bluburger.I thought my burger and all the options in ordering was above the average and really good.  I had opted for a the healthier bison burger lettuced wrapped and I loved that I had the option to do that.  My burger was juicy and very tastey.  I ordered all the fixings I liked and opted for the suite potato fries, which were great in my opinion.  The only thing that I did't like was since it was take out my lettuce wrap got a little soggy but I think it was not due to the establishment but the ride home. My husband had the skinny fries with the Angus Burger and he was pleased with it.  I tired the skinny fries and they were really good!  This is definately a gourmet burger place and you pay extra than the norm for the options of higher quality meat and a variety of toppings.  I like to have these choices and felt it justified the cost but if you are just looking for a good basic burger there are other places out there.
3	What I like is the food.  If you want a pretty good burger, American Kobe beef or bison, your way, sweet potato fries and a good shake, come here.  What I don't like:  If you also want to pay $15 for the burger alone, come here.  I really like this place, but the price is outrageous.  I brought my girlfriend here raving about how good it was and she really loved it, till she saw the bill.  She couldn't believe the cost associated for burgers and said she'd rather we go to d'vine where we spend less and get better food.  Again, great burger but it will cost you.
4	I really hope Bluburger can weather through the rough economic times in South Chandler. I have been coming here since the staff was at the Kierland location in Scottsdale. We took some family here, and for whatever reason, they were disappointed. I think it was because they are Midwesterners, and like their burgers plain and simple. Whatever. Their loss.I on the other hand, can appreciate quality bison meat on a gourmet onion bun. My favorite here is the southwest bison burger, with sweet potatoes and some extra chipotle mayo on the side. Flavorful does not begin to describe this burger. I can wolf it down quick! A gourmet burger starts off with appearance. I could see eating this burger in the same place I eat $50 steaks. When you take that first bite, the onion bun starts off as something familiar, yet lets you know something else interesting is on the way. The gourmet burger finishes off when the bun gets the hell out of the way, and ushers in the juicy bison, and the incredible southwest toppings. Who wants to meet for dinner!?
4	The burger with guac. is sooo good. Get it on a wheat bun, and a side salad. Service was a little slow, but thought the place was pretty good.
5	I LOVE that you can buy grass fed beef here!  They also use lots of organic and local produce. I am a huge burger fan and I submit that Bluburgers are among the best in the valley.
2	On paper everything looked great: grass fed naturally raised beef and good ingredients. Unfortunately they didn't execute on a good plan.I ordered the American Kobe beef burger medium-well with fries. I'm not sure I received the Kobe that I ordered because two thirds in it became apparent that it was well done. It was nearly burnt to a crisp and not just around the edges as I had thought. The fries were passable but mostly forgettable.The service was okay at best. After we ordered we were passed off to two second stringers that were entirely uncoordinated. We were asked at least three times if we needed a box for leftovers, which each time we answered yes.The interior has a lot of flat surfaces so it gets really loud in there. This is not a good place for groups larger than four people. Any bigger than that and people at the end of the table are essentially lost, unless you like yelling at each other but that only makes the problem worse.
5	One of the best burger places in the East Valley.  SO many choices of meat to use(grass fed, kobe, bison, etc), buns to put it on, and even more topping choices!  My standard choice is a kobe burger, medium-rare, w/fried egg, bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, pickle, hot peppers, ketchup and mustard....with fries on the side.This is definitely a "sit down and dig in" kind of place...so don't expect to walk in and order a cheeseburger and walk out.Nice place, with seating inside and outside...and the place is actually "blue" with blue lighting when you walk in.  Staff is always very welcoming, and service is consistent.This is probably the most visited burger joint I go to.
4	I recently tried the salmon burger while my wife had the the turkey burger!  The food was great, and the service was top notch so I think I will be going back again real soon to try one of their black and white shakes perhaps!They will get a mention on my internet radio show!http://Blogtalkradio.com/XLS
4	This is about as good as gourmet burgers get! BYOB takes on a whole new meaning at this growing valley establishment. Build Your Own Burger and that is exactly what you get. You can specify from a vast variety of meat choices. I recommend the Bison! Then buns, cheeses and a plethora of different toppings and sauces. There is no limit to the combinations that one could devise.The service was very prompt at the Chandler location and friendly enough. The restaurant was almost full and the staff seemed a little hurried but still provided good service.On the negative, it is not really suitable for children as the burgers are huge and as is always the case with all children, my children never want the same thing at the same time. It would be way better if the offered a combination of their sliders in 1, 2 or 3 for children or even for adults to savor different selections!So yes I am a fan and we will be back. The children are already asking to go back soon so hopefully the menu options get some more children friendly options. :-)
1	I have been waiting to try this place for a long time. The building from the outside give the appearance that it looks nice on the inside.  I know it is call the Blue Burger  Grille but from the minute I walked in the door my eyes started hurting me.  EVERYTHING IS BRIGHT BLUE: Bright Blue Walls, Blue Concrete Floors, Blue tables, even blue lightbulbs.  It immediately turned me off.  Atmosphere is part of the dining experience and this place was definately lacking on the atmosphere.  It cost us 72 dollars for 5 people to eat and we only ordered 1 soda. That would have been OK if the food was amazing, but everything came overcooked.  We ordered everything medium rare and it came medium well, I didnt even bother sending it back because we couldnt wait to out of there and get away from the obnoxiously overwhelming blue  interior decor
3	So I think this place has the potential to be a 4 star with some changes. I'll keep this short. I ordered the Blu Burger, medium. The toppings were very yummy. I do wish my carmelized onions weren't on the cold side. They REALLY need to season their meat. It just ruins a great burger when the beef patty is bland and flavorless. Salt brings out the meaty and beefy flavor. Otherwise all I taste was char. So for what it is, I feel that the burgers are a bit over priced. Around $9 range instead of $12+ would be more appropriate. I also ordered onion rings. They were quite good. They only gave me 4 though. Wish they gave you more. My gf got the zuchinni fries. They were definitely not on the same scale as the onion rings. They were mushy.... I'd definitely come back if they season their beef....
4	This is a very solid hamburger joint.  Don't expect it to be as cheap as the fast food chains, but instead you get many more options and higher quality meats.The menu is pretty small, but that's what makes it good.  Why go to a place that has a hundred different hamburger recipes when you can choose from what they specialize in.  If your in the mood for a burger that is very lean, and doesn't sacrifice on taste then you would love to try the Bison burger.  If your a person like me who tends to like their burger more on the juicy, fatty side, then go for the Kobe burger.  They are both delicious and you won't be sorry with either.Of course they have other options which targets to all audiences.  Oh, make sure to try out their malts and shakes, they are actually really good there.
5	We have been to bluburger twice now & have not been disapointed. I love all the combinations of meat, cheese & condiments. I had a kobe beef burger w/ cheddar, roasted red pepper mayo, carmelized onions, and more!Truly a delicious burger, as gourmet as a burger in chandler can get!Oh, they also have a full bar!
5	Lived out here for almost two years and finally tried this place...can't believe we waited this long, it's amazing. BEST burger we've ever had. You can build your own burger which is easy and you get exactly what you want. We did ours with the kobe meat and it was delicious. The buns were even great. The burgers are huge and fries are good too. They have a nice little outdoor patio, clean/simple/modern decor and a friendly staff. Yes, it may be a little bit more expensive than the average burger place but you get what you pay for. This is a gourmet burger. I'd rather spend a few extra dollars and get an awesome/huge burger than spend a few bucks and get a dinky/tasteless burger. It's a must try!
3	Groupon told me about this place. Went in expecting some upscale experience, but it wasn't close, especially considering the prices. In hindsight, In-n-Out is good enough for me! The place is overwhelmingly blue, no surprises there. The walls, ambient light, floors, tables...everything is blue. Not that  mind. What I care about is the food, which came on time, but was remarkably unremarkable. I got the Blu Burger, medium-well, with lettuce and tomatoes and cheddar, and a side of zucchini fries. The bread was cold-ish, and the patty was  sorta charred at the edges. And I got just two slices of tomatoes in my burger! The fries were good, but served in a small bowl, with a watery ranch dip. My friend got a Kobe burger and sweet potato fries. Nothing remarkable on his plate either. The bill came to $30 with tip, which I thought was pricey for two medium-sized burgers. But apparently they do good business. On a Saturday night, around 7ish, they were almost 90 percent full.  Give me In-N-Out anyday!
4	Awesome decor and great food. The grass-fed Angus burger is delicious.
4	Kristen and I stopped here on a whim, we were just hungry and had no idea where to go, and essentially we thought the sign looked cool. Bluburger is pretty great, our waiter explained the process they use, choose your meat, bread, toppings, sides, all that stuff, then a few minutes later you have a delicious burger in front of you. I had a black angus burger on a wheat bun with goat cheese, caramelized onions and chipotle mayo, holy cow, I can't wait to have that again. Kristen had some kobe beef burger that was also amazing, The regular fries and sweet potato fries were both very tasty and we had some great service. They have wonderful milkshake options too. I hope Bluburger lasts and is able to branch out to Tempe, with solid food and great service, it would be happily welcomed.
3	Just OK, I live really close and have been there twice since they opened and let me tell you I love hamburgers. Let me say again, I have been there only twice. The tried the Grass feed beef and one time I tried the Kobe.Had a side salad which I did not enjoy at all but the burger was alright. I wasn't excited about the Kobe. I have been to Japan and had Kobe beef. I don't think it should be made into burgers. I wasn't all that excited either about the list you get to assemble your burger. It was like a pre-flight check sheet for a 747.Like I said it was OK, not knock your socks off.
4	Stopped in during the lunch rush on a Thursday with my mom and little sister.  They love the place... my mom is always raving about their blu chicken sandwich (avocado, lettuce, bacon, tomato, swiss & herb mayo) and my sister loves the blu burger (caramelized onions, gorgonzola cheese & bacon).  I was playing vegetarian the last time I was in town so the bluburger grille didn't really appeal to me at the time...Thankfully, the vegetarian thing was just a phase and I was ready to say hello to meat again.  I decided to build my own burger... ordered American Kobe beef on whole wheat with cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onions and bacon w/ herb mayo.Delicious.One of the best burgers I've had... but I'm not sure if I'd be willing to pay the $14 again.  The service was horrible... I understand being swamped but the guy disappeared.  I'm only knocking down one star for that.Sweet potato fries were awesome as well.I'm a fan, for sure.
4	Went early on a Tuesday. They just started a special-$3 drafts Mon-Weds. And they have a great selection of beers on tap.I have to say, the atmosphere of this place needs help. All the blue was a little too much. That being said, the burgers we ordered were very good. I had the BYOB with Bison, onion bun, sharp cheddar, red onions, jalapenos (fresh), dill pickles, herb mayo, and mustard. The only complaint I have is that the bun was way too big for me to get a bite of the entire burger, but I was willing to let that slide. I got the sweet potato fries, which were good. My husband ordered the slider sampler, with the Blu burger, California burger, and BBQ burger. All were very good. Also got the zucchini fries, which were very good as well.We are ranch snobs, and I think their ranch here was lacking, but that is just a personal taste.All-in-all, very good burger. We will be back for sure.
4	I went here for lunch with a friend. We wanted to go to someplace that was different and not a big resturant chain. Myself and my friend were really happy with the resturant. You can build your own burger and decide what you want to put on it or not put on it. My friend got a burger and I made a salmon burger. They only messed up one thing with my friends meal but overall it was a great experience.
5	Yes, I'm giving a burger joint 5 stars. Three of us went on a Sunday night and were surprised to find the place close to full. We sat at the bar and had wonderful service. My wife and I each had a glass of cabernet and our son had a Blue Moon. They only have one brand of wine, but have it in about 4 different varietals. I had the build your own burger which included a  1/2 pound black angus burger, red pepper mayo, caramelized onions and dill pickles. It was cooked perfectly medium and the red pepper mayo was excellent. My wife went healthier and had the bison burger between to large pieces of iceburg lettuce, while my son opted for the California burger. The fries are of the shoestring variety, but nice and crispy. Only thing that wasn't up to the standard of the rest of the meal was my wife's coleslaw which she said wasn't bad, but was forgettable. Excellent meals all the way around.
5	Real local family upscale burger joint. The portions are large and in charge. Dig the sweet potato fries and we always have a great service there.This isn't a Micky Dees' people so don't expect those prices, the quality is much better and the pricing reflects that and worth it.Robert Pfeifer
1	My husband and I went here for dinner and it was a ghost town. We were the only people in the place and I soon found out why. The service was amazingly slow considering we were the only ones there. We ordered our burgers, you can build your own, and waited. They take the blue part of their name a little too seriously which I could handle except for the obnoxious blue tint on the windows...ugh. when our food arrived my order was incorrect, I was stunned by this seeing how they had one order and could not get that right. Whether it was the fault of the server of the kitchen who knows? I did not mention it I did not feel like waiting for it to be fixed.  So in short, bad food, bad service, unappealing atmosphere, and to top it all off an expensive price for a tasteless burger.
5	Been at BB 4 timesWowGreat Chow!!
5	Great Place for casual dining!Choose your own everything (Meat, Cheese, Bun, Toppings, ETC).  Food and Service is always great!  Ive been here about 10 times in the year ive lived in chandler and its always good.  Have nothing bad to say!  Not sure how the lady below (sara) has that opinion about the place.  I could only imagine being married to that!!  They serve burgers and beer....how is it possible to mess that up?Highly recommended for casual dining if your in the mood for Burgers!!!
4	Would hardly call this a "joint".  It is well appointed, artistically decorated ,and highly priced.  Lunch for a friend and I topped out at $36 including tip.Burger was perfect.  Bacon perfectly cooked, great bun, tasty beef.  Good all around, and the sweet potato fries were excellent.Not sure I am committed to $18 for lunch anytime soon again.  But it was delicious.
4	Favorite things about Blu Burger:+ locally owned!+ grass-fed beef option, perfectly prepared+ portobello mushroom, chicken and salmon "burger" options+ fresh, fresh plentiful fixin's, DIY+ romaine lettuce wrap "bun" option - listed right on the menu!+ friendly, helpful staff+ patio to enjoy for our 300+ days of outdoor dining weather in AZNot-so-favorite things:- atmosphere is, well, !!BLUE!! - but aforementioned patio is not- comparatively expensive, but you get what you pay for- lunch menu prices and portion sizes are the same as dinnerIn sum:= totally worth checking out
3	nice location , good service but a little slow. been here twice so far and both times the food i would give 4 stars but both times they screwed up our orders and burger was cold, they did take off 20 percent for the issue and that was nice.. overall i enjoy the food and would go back.
4	Great food. The atmosphere is a little uncomfortable but the zucchini fries make up for that. I had the BBQ burger and my boyfriend had the bison burger. Both were cooked exceptionally although it took quite a while for the food to be done. Groupon usually has specials here so I'd definitely give it a shot.
5	We live closeby so we go here fairly often. Service is prompt, food is great! Have tried most of the menu and like pretty much everything...Just as good as the Counter in LA.Sweet potato fries are great, love the current 'holiday' pretzel bun burger too... Try them, you won't be disappointed!
3	I like this place - no, not for the hideous & overwhelming blue colors - but for the burger options and variety of toppings.  That being said, I had an experience today that brought my opinion down a notch or two.This was my 6th or 7th time here for lunch and the wait for our food was short (unlike the last few times), which was great (it was empty at 11am except for us 3).  I ordered the bison w/ Goat cheese and other toppings and asked the waiter (Chris, who must be related or something to the owner as his picture is on the website with the owner) if they could grill/sautee the red onions I had selected and he point-blank told me "no, I can't do that" - not even a smile or a gesture that he was sorry for the bad news. That kind of peeved me.  I asked nicely and I was already buying a $13 burger, the LEAST he could say was "you know we don't really do that, but maybe we can have them do it this once".. or hell, even if he said "we can't because {enter good excuse here}"...no, he said "no, I can't do that".  If he's related to the owner, you think he'd be schoold in customer service - nope, not the case.Also, when I asked for our check to be split (there were three of us on a work lunch and none of the orders were crazy or split or confusing), he made this face and said "yeah, fine".. again, that is not customer service.In short, the burger I had was great tasting (and so were my friend's burgers - BBQ and Turkey Burger), but, like I said, this detail of customer service really goes a long way and brought them down from 5 stars to 3 because CUSTOMER SERVICE is KEY!!!  You've seen my other reviews - service is pretty key for me to come back!  Also, their sweet potato fries are much better than the zucchini fries..
5	This place is amazing!I should start off by saying I don't eat red meat and even though this is a burger place, they have lots of other options such as turkey, mushroom, or even veggie burgers. I had a turkey burger and loved it! The bread is also just amazing! My boyfriend had the Blu Burger and he notes himself as somewhat of a food connoisseur and he said this was the best burger he had ever had in his entire life and he raved about it all day long! Also their sweet potato fries are to die for. I absolutely love them and I have never liked sweet potato fries before anywhere else!This place is a must visit and we will definitely be back when we're in the area!
2	Had lunch at Blu Burger yesterday. I ordered the chicken pear salad. My sister in law had the cobb salad and our husband's had burgers. They loved their meals. My sister in law said the sweet potato fries were the best she ever had and both guys thought their burgers were great. My salad was "decent". It was HUGE. And the goat cheese was in giant chunks. so if you got a bite of it you were eating an ounce at a time of cheese. Hard to taste anything else. The chicken was dry and overcooked. the dressing was really good. They are getting a two from me based on my food only and on the service. When we got there they had a total of about six tables. Our waiter had the demeanor of a guy who'd rather be anywhwere else. He told me they "ran out of coffee" this morning meaning "I don't want to make any". 45 minutes after ordering I went and asked where our food was. By this time there were three tables in the place and our food still did't arrive for about ten minutes.
4	Okay, I have added a star to account for my last 2 visits in which I had better experiences.. funny enough they were better because I got service from the other employees and not the same guy from my previous review (who I now noted works during the day at lunch time - when I will avoid this place).Recently, I called for a pick-up order after work and had a delicious BYOB Bison waiting for me in the styrofoam container along with a huge load of sweetpot fries (which I must admit are stellar).  The server that picked up the phone was really nice and she had my order exactly as I wanted in a matter of 5-8min of ordering... she was friendly and I appreciated that.I think if I avoid that server (lunch), I could come here more regularly....Otherwise you already know I"m a fan of their burgers.. no doubt about that.
3	I came here last week after my parents raved about this place.  They were kidding about it being the Blu Burger Grille.  It is obnoxiously blue inside!  I had the Bison burger.  I ordered it rare but it came to me overcooked, heh.  I still ate it.  The burger itself was just OK, nothing exciting and nothing to about it to ever make me want to come back to this establishment.  I also had a side order of onion rings which were on point.  The server I had wasn't very efficient.  Very slow service with mediocre food.  I will not be going back to this restaurant.
3	Ok, in the burger department they are two stars at best.  You can't swing a dead cat in West Chandler these days without hitting a new gourmet burger joint. I think I prefer Smashburger, Coal Burger or even Habit Hut to this place and they are all a bit cheaper and a much closer to my house.  And we experienced the same issues with the service as the other reviewers.  Whoever that twenty-something dude is with the sandy blonde hair, someone should fire him because he definitely does not want to be there.What earned this place the extra star is the following: 1 - Their fries are fantastic. 2 - They have portabello mushroom "burgers" that actually taste good. 3 - Goat cheese. Yum. 4 - They have a modest selection of microbrews, incl SanTan, my fav local beer 5 - Milkshakes are only two bucks during happy hour.  How awesome is that?
5	I give them 5 stars on their burgers alone. I have found it difficult to find a good local burger joint in the east valley. I am a major fan of Delux in Phoenix but this place is just as good and a lot closer to home! My husband had the beef burger with the fried egg and chopped garlic and said he could eat that for the rest of his life! I had a simple beef burger with a wheat bun and a chipolte mayo which was amazing, but I can't wait to go back and try all their other sauces! The sides were just as good, and prices were reasonable. If you like gourmet burgers, this is the place for you!
3	Not a bad burger joint with the fancy look. I had the angus burger with egg on it. It is big but a man like me no need to slice it when you are suppose to grab it whole and eat it. The zucchini fries were good. They also have drink specials like wine, mix, and beer. The service was good and friendly. Maybe I will try their sandwiches next time.
1	Avoid this place unless u like "hairy" over priced burgers. After waiting for around 40 mins, we finally got our burgers. My GF found a pube like thick hair attached to the side of her $18 burger. We pretty much got grossed out and had to leave. I only had taken a single bit out of mine but still had to pay almost $20 before it was all said and done... I recommend five guys burgers instead..
1	Took about 40 minutes to get our food, and I found a hair in it, luckily I did not bite into it
4	Habanero burger ftw!! it's just so uncomfortably blue in there. I dont understand why they chose to design the building that way...at least leave the windows clear ya know? Despite the literally sickening atmosphere, the food is pretty good. The meat is cooked to order, the sauces are distinct, and the sweet potatoes fries are pretty bomb. Overall, I think its a good place for burgers...just would sit outside if i could next time.
5	My quick summary:  Sky's the limit with burger invention and fresh ingredients.I absolutely love Blu Burger.  I've always found traditional burgers so boring.  Blu Burger is my burger mecca.  They have too many ingredients to list (meat types, bun types, toppings, sauces, etc), so you can mix & match, combine, and taste test to you heart's desire.The staff is friendly, super attentive, and quite charming.  There's never a long wait for anything.  And they really treat you like family.  They will work with any request you have.  I wanted to try a couple different toppings & sauces to find what I liked best.  So, to cater to my known insanity, they brought everything out on separate little plates & bowls for me.  I settled with goat cheese & green chilies on a black Angus burger on a whole wheat bun.The burgers are always cooked to perfection.  They have options for meat lovers & vegetarians alike.  The fries are always crispy & delicious.  Their side salad is always super fresh & crisp.  They're even kind enough to bring the dressing on the side, so it's never a case of no dressing or drowned in dressing.A am now a proud regular & will not be leaving any time soon.
5	really great food and great menu as wellstaff was really kind and helpful and there was a good atmosphere in generaloverall it is one of the better places in the area.
4	Been here several times, food & service have been consistently good. They tend to overcook burgers so watch how you order. Family friendly and nice size patio, too.
5	Blu Burger is what all trendy burger places ought to inspire to be. Bison, Kobe, regular beef, chicken, fish and vegetarian options, plus dozens (if not hundreds) of bun, topping and condiment options that allow each burger-phile to create their own masterpiece on each and every visit.In addition, the ice cream and handmade shakes are fabulous, too -- as are the sweet potato fries and, my favorite, the zuchini fries.With no two burgers alike, you're going to wait 20-minutes-plus from the time you order until your tables' food arrives. Possibly longer if they are packed. But the wait is worth it, and if you're not enjoying the company of your dining companions in the meantime, enjoy great bar drinks, awesome original art on the walls, sports (generally) on the televisions, and great upbeat ambience that makes it a fun restaurant to visit.Btw, there's a contest for all you creative types to come up with the Burger of the Month, which they'll promote and serve... and give you credit for, if selected. I much prefer to design my own, but some of the winners I've seen have looked mighty tasty!
4	After reading the reviews and since it was in walking distance, we decided to spring for an expensive burger. Was it worth it? Yeah, it was good, $12 a pop good? - Not sure, about that one. We had the habenero and American burgers. The only thing spicy about the hab was the jalepenos and the american had  Onion rings - were  hand made and quality. Taste was pretty good. It reminded us of the The Counter in silicon valley, but with a AZ twist. Service was really friendly. A little slow, but good. Actually only giving 4 stars because of the cost and the flies outside. They need a zapper or something, they were all over the place. Could have been the re-seeding of grass, possibly, but would have been beautiful out there without them!
5	Great burger place!  In a world of burgers are burgers, this place sets itself apart from the rest with quality ingredients, very good service and a friendly atmosphere.  You can build your own or order from the pre-defined menu.  My favorite, the Blu Burger with caramelized onions, blue cheese on an onion roll.  Fries are great, as well as the onion rings.  Well worth the price and the drive if you don't live all that close.  You can get a veggie burger or turkey burger but they stick to what they are good at.  It's a definite return trip for us!!
5	This is a easy review, this place is great! If you like burgers cooked just the way you like this is a place for you. They also have excellent flavored mayonnaise and mustard and then the buns, fresh and soft with great tastes. Their  zucchini fries are amazing!  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.I only wish they had a Blu cheese burger.I can't wait to go again.
5	Pregnant and craving a veggie burger, came here for dinner with DH. Really liked building my own burger and they had a lot of nice topping and dressing choices (there was a lame weekend when I played Papa's Burgeria, the kids Flash game and I totally had memories of it!) I liked that their veggie burgers are not oily, and you can really distinguish the veggies and beans and such, rather than a flat dried out starchy burger. Sweet potato fries on the side and a cookies & cream milk shake were awesome, and were the right portion sizes though I'm pretty sure I'd have gorged on more. For an occasional calorie bomb treat, this is perfect! Prices were perfect too! And the menu was simple and stuck to burgers and diner fare. They are so close to me, that I don't have to think twice about where to head when I crave such food. I only wish they were open late (don't you always crave these foods around midnight, maybe a vestige from college days?)ETA: They did add an automatic 18% gratuity, which I thought very odd. However, we had a wonderful experience, attentive servers and the atmosphere was casual without being too trendy or hippy, so we had no problem with it.
5	Been here many times. Had all the burgers and they are great. Check the chalkboard for off the menu specials like fried green beans or bbq pork burger. Outstanding craft beer choices also.
3	Didn't care for the service.  Felt as if our patronage was inconveniencing there time.  However, The food was great, but kinda pricey - $10.00 a burger I expected much more for what we got.  LOVED the sweet potato fries!
5	Incredible burger. Cooked perfectly. Mega juicy. Fries were ok - not a big fry snob.
3	Environment:Located in the upscale area of chandler this place has a trendy setting. Its blue and inviting for trendy families looking to spend big bucks on OK food small tastes of food. limited seating and during busy hours will get you either a bar or outside seat. We sat the bar.Service: Initial walk-in we were greeted and waited on with friendly staff, with no seating left we sat the bar. If you are a costumer service snob then this is not the seat for you. Through the course of our meal, we could hear every thing going on, which as a customer I don't need to hear a loud discussion about why a person is getting so much ice cream and the response be like "well they paid a high price for it and im giving them more then one scope", which gives the vibe that this place is very cheap on their serving sizes for the amount you paid.Sitting at the bar also, the staff uses my dining space as a prep table, as they take out scopes of ice cream. Almost felt like cough on the ice cream to see what the staff will do, but dont worry i didn'tFood:Its build your own burger, the kobe burger was decent but i had much better at other grilles. and my wife had a melt sandwich which was also very good. However they are an a la carte, which we both ordered fries, I ordered the sweet potato fries and my wife ordered regular fries. For the price I think i counted like 12 fries total on each of our plates. I think for that size it should be provided with the burger. Afterwards, im a sucker for milkshakes, and they were cheap on the ice cream, i could definitely tell there was quite alot of milk in the drink, tasting like a fast food shake.Overall: I was not wow'ed by the food or the settings. The burger was decent but not decently priced for the serving size or taste.
4	Enjoyed lunch today with a good friend and client.. A great place for hamburger lovers! All of the burgers are custom made, Kobe beef is available too! I enjoyed an veggie burger with a lettuce wrap that was delicious. Sweet potato fries were excellent! Service was extremely good and I would definitely return. Patio seating was a plus.
2	I'm not sure what the appeal is here.Food was ok, but nothing that justified the prices.  Quality wise a certain hamburger chain from Cali produces a burger just as good, if not better, at about a third of the cost.This is one of those places with high ceilings and exposed industrial cooling ducts which I expect is supposed to give the place a certain "look."  Ok...that's nice but if you don't dust and clean all that stuff it starts to look reeeeeaaaaallllllyyyyyy baaaaddddd.  Moreover when I see dust/web chunks the size of a quarter hanging from the chain that suspends the lights I keep waiting for one of those dust/web chunks to detach and land in my food.  Note that the menu has all kinds of up charges for more this, extra that...I didn't see one for the dust/web chunks so I expect if you get one in your food its free.Nothing special, I've tried it, won't be back.
2	A lot of money for little atmosphere.  The floor was sticky, the service was only okay, and the noise from the kitchen was unforgiveable.  The kitchen is very close to the dining room.  In the middle of the meal, around 6PM, the kitchen staff began doing something with the dishes that sounded like dishes breaking over and over.  I realized that they were probably unloading the dishwasher.  Where was the owner?  This was obnoxious.  We can buy a better burger and warmer, and less dry at In and Out, and especially for a lot less money.  We will never go back.
4	Must try the green bean fries!! The atmosphere is a little "blue", which takes the experience into the quirky rhelm but it's decent. The service was top notch and fast. My only complaint would be the skill level of the cooks, either my burger sat to long under a lamp the over cooked my food (which no self respecting owner would ever admit to) or my burger was cooked well beyond medium to begin with. Eh? Either way.. It was tasty, I'd try it again!
4	This place has amazing burgers and fries. You can tell it's better quality ingredients but is a little over priced.
4	Oh man, I survived (Thanks Susan:)!!!  Had the kobe beef (well cooked) with green chilli, onion rings,swiss, lettuce and A1 sauce.  Burgers are huge to say the least and the number of  bun, types of meat and toppings choices make this place an experience to try.  My only con would have to be the price as it's a build your own burger place and the toppings can get a bit costly.  Would recommend trying!
5	Found my new burger spot in Chandler. Bison burger, sweet potato fries, and fried green beans were superb. Nothing like a good bison burger, good micro brews, and good music in the background. Can't wait to hit it for happy hour. If you like a quality burger and chill atmosphere, I recommend you check it out.
4	I like this place.  Especially when having out of town guest coming with their dog.  The outdoor patio space allows for dogs.  We often go during "happy hour" to enjoy the half price Milkshake.  The burgers are delicious with a huge variety of make your own burger options.  Only CON for me is price.  Service has always been good and the place has always been clean.
5	So delicious! Mouth-watering burgers. Now, I'm probably biased, since I've only ordered the one burger (3 or 4 times), but what can I say? It's delicious.Build-your-own Burger: Kobe beef burger, onion bun, provolone cheese, herbed mayo, garlic, lettuce. Me? In paradise!Now, that would be enough for me to rank this place highly, but add to that the awesome sides... Onion rings are delightful; crisp, thick cut, battered rings. I almost always order the zucchini fries to go with my burger, though. So, so good.The staff is friendly and usually fast, with an eye on your drinks, too. For the money, it doesn't get much better. I'm definitely a fan.
4	Best burgers in the valley. Period. We've been going here since they opened and service is still great and food is even better. This is a must try. Kid friendly.
4	Pretty populated for a Friday night, a good sign!  Great burgers (build your own with a selection of black angus and Kobe) and great onion rings (a hard find). Good selection of local an popular brews on tap.
2	Ambiance-  It's BLUE. the walls, the ceiling, the floor, the tables, the chairs, the booths, and several of the glass windows.  It's dark and there is no where for the eye to rest. I found it very unsettling. I think they took the blue theme waaaaay to far. There is patio seating, so I would opt for that next time.Service- our waiter acted and sounded like he would rather be anywhere else. Bored and lackluster- he seemed to just not care.  The busboy practically hovered over our table waiting to clear our plates while we were still eating. Food- Surprisingly the best part!  Despite the sad decor and sadder service, the burgers we ordered came out really great. Even my burger, which I ordered well done, came out very juicy.  I feel bad giving this place such a low rating, but I can't condone service like what we received. The waitstaff needs to be more upbeat- they need to smile, and they need to have a better attitude.   And a little less blue paint would have really done them well.
4	Went in with high expectations and wasn't disappointed. We tried the Blu and Southwest burgers and loved them. Service was excellent too.
5	Bison burger is the best! Tonight on a whole wheat bun, romaine, red onion, goat cheese, chopped garlic, grilled pineapple, dijon and relish. Nom Nom Nom!
4	Went to Blu Burger after my son found the good reviews on Yelp.  Our family ordered the following: American Kobe, bbq burger, bison burger, salmon and a kids burger.  All the beef burgers were excellent.  The bison was not as juicy as the beef but I was okay with that since it's a healthier choice.  The salmon was disappointing as it was pretty dry so I would not recommend it.We had fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings and a salad.  All were good and complimented the burgers as they should.  It would be good if they could come up with a good dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries.  Service was decent but not spectacular.  Casual ambience.I will come back but only occasionally since it's a but pricey for burgers.
3	Blu Burger was very good.  My burger was cooked perfectly - did the build your own and it was great.  The sweet potato fries were really good....will be back to get more of the fries!!  All 4 of us ordered a different burger and everyone was very happy with the quality and taste of their selection.  The waitress was vey nice and provided great service.  I was a little disappointed in the drink options - no hard cider and limited ability to make mixed drinks.  I ended up with a margarita which was fine (made with a mix)...definitely nothing special.  It would be nice if they improved that side of their menu, at least include one hard cider offering for those that are gluten free.
5	So Amazing OMG!!! I made the best burger and it was so satisfying, i really wanted to try the zucchini fries but i decided to get regular fries with chipotle dipping sauce mmmm, next time i am definitely going to get zucchini fries as a compliment to these awesome burgers!! Great food at a decent price!!
5	I love a good burger and with that said Blue Burger Grill has become my favorite place to go for a good burger. I love that you can create your own burger with as many toppings as you like...mine always end up being messy but good! My boyfriend and i have been here numerous times and always leave full and content. The staff is friendly the service is quick. The sweet potato fries and the zucchini fries are to die for! The chocolate shake reminds me of the shakes I used to get at my favorite custard stand back home...cheek sucking thick and YUMMY. If you want a good custom messy burger...Blue Burger is the place to go!
1	This location is closed as of 1/28/14. Anyone know why??
3	This place was good; food was good.. a bit overpriced in my opinion for a burger and the service was good so nothing to complain about there. I would recommend it , just be prepared to spend a bit more than a normal burger... even though its good quality , I still think its overpriced
5	This is a really good burger place for those that want more of an upscale burger. With many meat options (kobe beef, Angus, Bison, salmon etc). Good bread, cheese and condiments. Little bit fancier plating etcTried most of the burgers an they are good (especially the blu burger) but you can always make your own as well. They had good sides, sweet potato fries, fried green beans etcSad to say it looks like this location closed down :-(
