5	We had the best experience! I was wary to try him out since there aren't many reviews and his pricing seemed too good to be true, but he was very professional and gave us the lowest price out of all the plumbers in Vegas!  He was able to come out right away, which we needed, he was clean, polite, and very professional! I highly recommend him! He will be our go to plumber from now on!
5	Great customer service!! I couldn't find any other plumbing co that would  come out the same day and  he was at my house within an hour. Very nice and professional. Will definitely be recommending them to friends and family. The best part was his reasonable pricing. Two thumbs up!!!  Thank You.
5	Along the lines of car mechanics, plumbing isn't something that I would know anything about, especially as a girl.  All I know was that my gas bill quadrupled when the water heater of my unit was leaking.  I wasn't too happy and I wasn't happier when my landlord didn't want to spend money on a replacement and then wanted me to somehow pay a portion of it as a renter.  The property already had home warranty and their preferred vendors, but the price of the company was pricey for my landlord.  I called Adaven plumbing to get a quote and the technician was nice enough to come  and take a look while also shopping around for better priced water heaters.  Unfortunately, the landlord decided to go with the other company even though Adaven was able to provide a cheaper one (smh...seirously?!).  Although, we didn't use Adaven, they still had GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE (which definitely is lacking here in Vegas), and was nice enough to take their time to do a FREE ESTIMATE and shop around for me.  If anything, I'll definitely consider Adaven for any of my plumbing needs.
5	After calling more than 20 plumbers for a quote, Adaven was the only one that was reasonably priced.  Our water heater broke on the weekend but we decided to wait til monday to have someone come out.  The plumber from Adaven was very nice, knowledgable, and worked quickly.After replacing the water heater, he asked me about our water pressure.  It has always been on the low end.  He checked the regulator and adjusted it for us.  I had another little plumbing question.  He checked that out too and fixed the problem real quick.  I hope we don't need a plumber again for awhile, but if we do, we're definitely calling Adaven again.  I wish I'd had some extra cash on hand to give him a decent tip.  I'm not at all surprised that they have a 5-star rating on Yelp.  I am a bit surprised that there aren't more reviews though.  This guy was great!
