4	The Forth Floor is THE place to come for cocktails in Edinburgh. Everything about this places screams style, quality and exclusivity.You get to the Forth Floor (so called because it's on the fourth floor and has amazing views out to the Firth of Forth and over to Fife, weather permitting) by taking a lift from the Harvey Nichols entrance on Multrees Walk. There is something a bit special (and slightly eerie) about being in a department store at night, especially one as fancy as Harvey Nichols. The food in the restaurant is of excellent quality, but it does come at a price. You'd be wiser eating in the Brasserie and saving your money for the cocktails. The barmen here really do know their stuff when it comes to mixology. The list of drinks is comprehensive, but if there is nothing that takes your fancy on the cocktail menu then tell them what you like and they'll create something magical for you. Herbs are ground in a morter and pestle and you're encouraged to have a good sniff as the ingredients are expertly mixed up in front of you. Once your cocktail is made, it's served with a wee dish of nibbles that's replaced as soon as you've finished them (I've been known to get through quite a few of these).Bring visitors from out of town here to wow them with the incredible views of Edinburgh, it looks all the prettier with a delicious cocktail!
4	I've been to the Forth Floor Restaurant many a time, courtesy of my mother's preference for Harvey Nick's browsing and kind invitations to lunch on a fairly regular basis. I've enthusiastically consumed both lunch and dinner here, so can attest to the fact the food is ace, along with the cocktail menu, which is pretty snazz too.Fishcakes, always good. Caesar salad, the classic lunchtime favourite, also never a letdown. The rib-eye steak and frites, also the target of a good wolfing down in the past. Nothing on the menu here has ever offended me, or has really ever been bad, in simple terms. One of the biggest pulls of the Forth Floor Restaurant, and certainly one of its most striking points, is its top floor location overlooking St Andrew Square, plus you even manage to get a wee peep at Fife as well. On a good, clear, sunny day, when you've got time for a leisurely lunch (whether liquid or not), who wouldn't be keen for an outdoor seat on a balcony, from which you can gaze at the awesomeness that is the Edinburgh skyline? You know you would.
5	Ok, Ok - I have to be honest, I came here as part of a relatives birthday celebrations and as such realise that there is very little chance that I would be dining here again unless somehow I manage to shake off the fact I am a debt riddled student.The Forth Floor is classy. And exclusive. And oozes style from every one of its glass topped, metal finished surfaces. The food is simple sublime - from what I could tell it seems to be modern Scottish cuisine, and it really is delicious. The coctails however, are better - just give them a try. Trust me.This restaurant isnt 'average' as some of the other reviews have called it - its amazing, but sadly, I dont think I will be back for a while.
5	This restaurant is one of Edinburgh's gems. It has brilliant views of the city form the balcony, and is really quite cool!It is split into two parts, one slightly cheaper and one more expensive, but both are really wonderful. The food is amongst the best I've had in Edinburgh and the service is un-faultable (is that a word?). As has been said, the cocktails are to die for. My mum and I are actually in the brochure in hotel books sitting at this bar sipping Martinis - no autographs please.Seriously, one of the best places in the city. If you want to come then be sure to book though. My gran has trouble eating some foods, so we didn't really know where to take her for dinner when she came to Edinburgh....but we took her here and she loved it! Especially the mashed potatoes for some reason...!10 out of 10!
3	The service here was terrible.  Multiple waiters not knowing what each of them is doing.   However, the food WAS pretty good.  But don't go here if you are really hungry, the portions are quite small.  The view is really nice and the overall atmosphere was great.  They just need to get better at waiting on tables.
5	Dropped in here with my sister and brother in law to check out the fantastic views over the city. The fresh salmon salad, cooked salmon with garlic mash and grilled sea bass were cooked to perfection. Review is for the brasserie, not the pricier restaurant which should have a different entry.
3	I'm so mixed on the Forth Floor. The views are really fantastic...some of the best you will find in the capital city. The staff was very friendly, and as a plus or minus you are steps away from all the high-end shopping that Harvey Nichols offers.That said, I was a bit disappointed with the food itself. Edinburgh is such a great foodie city with excellent well priced restaurants, whereas Harvey Nichols charges well Harvey Nichols prices...rather over priced for what you get. The food wasn't bad by any means, it was just rather average...you could be well in any high-end department store restaurant. My salmon looked a bit pre-packaged, and the steak was cooked properly but really was just ok. I did enjoy my side of mixed greens though!The crowd at dinner was also rather sparse for a Saturday night---not happening at all.  I can see coming back here for lunch especially for the views, however, I would skip returning for dinner.
3	It's quite difficult to review the Forth Floor, because much like Dave S. I had quite a mixed experience. We met Executive Chef Stuart Muir, who talked with great passion and enthusiasm about his beautifully sourced ingredients. But the tasting menu that followed was bizarrely over-complicated, with flavours crashing into each other like runaway dodgems.Overall, we said: "the tasting menu at the Forth Floor is a confused creature. While the dishes are relentlessly interesting and very pleasing on the eye, their tapestry of flavours isn't woven with anything like the required accuracy and balance. Dishes are riotous, but not in a good way. I will definitely return, though, because I imagine their fruit de mere, which keeps things simple and showcases their superbly sourced ingredients, will be an absolute joy. For truly balanced and elegant fine dining dishes, look elsewhere."
3	Brilliant top floor location and wonderful views over Edinburgh st Andrews Square, Jenners & Old Town. We visited with 3 people on reservation and we were allocated a large round table in the far end left corner. Which could easily sit 10-12 and was to big to sit close together for the 3 of us - doing so would have us all more or less facing the same direction. In order to face each other we needed to space out so that it looked more like a boardroom than restaurant table. No other (smaller) tables were available. They keep changing the menu so I cannot vouch for future meals but we had for starters a pate and I had pheasant breast - the presentation was unique and certainly appetising. The taste less so. I know I like things spiced up a bit but do have a palate of tasting and this lacked seasoning. I had a steak and carrot & potato mash for main. nothing special, clean plate and again underwhelming on taste. Anita had the salmon - which was a little dry according to her. I cannot remember what my friend had. we shared an bowl of ice-cream - a la Dame Blanche which was creamy and actually very tasty - good dark bittersweet chocolate sauce over vanilla flavoured scoops. The service cannot be faulted, they were at hand with filling glassed - placing serviettes, discreet cleaning and crumbing down. Cannot be faulted. Will I be back? Not very likely anytime soon, but seeing the other reviews- I may hopefully try a different menu when visiting again.
5	This restaurant is a awkward one, however I do find it a reliable restaurant for friendly professional service and good food.I should expand. I find it awkward as its part of a department store, its quite expensive, the menu is a little limiting and it has the feel of a bistro cafe bordering on silver service. If I would have rated it on my first experience, I might have given it a 4 (i.e. yeah that was 'nice').However though, I have found myself eating there 7-8 times in the last couple of years, probably more than any other lunch style restaurant. So I don't think I would be fair in rating it as such. It made me realise when writing some of these reviews, that as restaurant goers we shouldn't always benchmark a rating of 'what we want' against 'what we received'. If we should do this, then we run the risk of incentivising restaurants to serve batch processed food in unimaginative surroundings staffed by people who's happiness/demeanour is set by the managers standard operating procedures (i.e. fast food restaurants). So back to the Forth Floor Restaurant. Well, considering the above, I would say the following:This is an easy restaurant, with amazing staff who are both friendly and seem like the devoted a lot of time to their training. This comes through the confidence as well as genuine happiness that is quite evident. The restaurant is often busy at lunch, especially on the weekends, however I have never waited for more than 5 minutes for a table. The food is elegantly presented and has the taste that bespoke attention was paid the dish in the kitchen. The restaurant has arguably a better view that Chaophraya (sp?) and a wonderful outdoor terrace. If it is a warm summers day, or you Scottish and warm equates to anything over 8 degrees, then ask for the terrace, you won't be disappointed. The food is expensive, but I have found worth the price.
