4	I'm surprised no one has reviewed this yet. I've been searching for a ob-gyn for like forever. Well ten years at least. I went to see Dr. Sorkin-Wells. My mother goes to her and she is now officially my regular doctor. She is by far the nicest and most caring doctor I have ever had. I've had the worst luck with doctors...weird and creepy. As if it wasn't uncomfortable enough. Anyways my mom went to her because she is one of the best in AZ and has won many awards and titles like best doc in 2003. She is 5+ stars all the way.I took off one star because on 2 occasions I had problems with billing. But I got it squared away and they took care of it.
4	I have been coming to this office for 5 years now. I originally started coming for my yearly well-woman checkup, but now I am pregnant and so will be continuing to come for that as well. So far I just see Donna Figaro-Sheffey, PA-C who is really nice. The ultrasound tech and lab tech I met were really nice as well. They do delivires at Scottsdale Shea which is where I want to deliver so I am excited about that as well, but if you want to deliver at PV Hospital, they are very close, and deliver there as well. So far, I have no complaints about this office.
5	I just went to Arizona Wellness Center for Women this week and I was extremely impressed. They certainly took a well-woman exam, which is not the most pleasant experience, and tried to make it a little bit better. Everyone I talked to was extremely pleasant, and the doctor I had made sure I was comfortable and made the situation much less awkward then it had been at previous doctors. I would highly recommend this place; I will definitely be going back.
5	My PCP recommended Dr. Valerie Sorkin-Wells at this practice about two years ago and they're are wonderful.  Dr. Sorkin-Wells is extremely personable and I feel lucky to have her as my GYN.  This office "gets it" which is why you get a piece of chocolate on the exam table before your well-woman appointment.  I also like that they do a lot of testing in-house.  I am able to get ultrasounds and blood draws done there instead of making another trip to a lab.
5	As so many other women said before me they make it as comfortable experience as humanly possible. Everyone one was so nice and took the time to talk to you.
5	My PCP recommended Valarie Sorkin-Wells as I was having some problems and my OBGYN couldn't get me in for 5 months!  She was so nice, and spoke to me like a real person, and listened to what was going on.  But she also made me feel like I was incontrol by giving me options. I had to have some testing done, that was done in house.  I had to have surgery, and my husband was impressed with Dr Sorkin-Wells also, she is just so personable.  While I was getting ready to go under general anesthetic she stood by myside the whole time.  I cannot say enough of how wonderful that made me feel.  I am recommending her to all my friends.  The OBGYN is usually the last place most women want to go, but this one makes you feel so comfortable.
5	Best ob/gyns!
2	Well I have a few complaints but I will share the good before sharing the bad. I have a great caring doctor at Arizona Wellness, she is very kind and really takes her time with me and the many questions I usually have. I took a few stars off due to the following: the wait time is a joke, they are VERY slow almost too slow. In fact at times I have waited in the waiting room close to 45 mins, and at the time I felt like charging my doctor for wasting my time. My other complaint is the RN they have on call, I believe her name is Sherri. I have to say I HATE talking with her, she is always short tempered, very rude and has this "know it all attitude" where she is ALWAYS the right one. I wish there was another way to actually talk to your own doctor instead of going through her. It pains me to say this but because of the following I'm seriously thinking about switching to a different doctor.
5	I am having my second child with Dr. Nancy Harris.  Great doctor, straight to the point, but helpful and an amazing doctor. Her PA (Heather Roth) is awesome as well.  I am not sure what the negative reviews are about this place.. everyone is helpful and thoughtful.Tony, who helps with billing and scheduling is amazing, always has a smile on her face and always so helpful! Sherri is not short tempered, the person who said this must be overly sensitive.Hands down, great place and I am glad I have made the choice to go here.
