1	Why did this experience suck?  Hmm... should I begin alphabetically, chronologically, or just as they come to me?Chronologically you say?  Very well then.1) She cut my nails WAY shorter than I asked.2) In the process of repairing one fingernail, she glued the nail to the finger and got glue on my hand.  She didnt even seem inclined to remove the glue - I had to ask.  I also had to ask her to clean under my nails - she had polish in hand before I stopped her and made her go back.3) Ow, ow, ow, OW, OW!!!  This tiny asian woman manhandled my hands and filed my fingers as if she were getting even with me for something.  And this wasn't a shiatsu "Ow, that hurts but at least now I can move my right arm much better, thanks" kinda pain.  I couldn't believe how surprised she looked when I asked her to ease up.4) I screwed up my courage and had her make a second filing pass, because despite my considerable reservations, I prefer not to snag the edges on everything I touch.  They're better now - but still a bit jagged.5) This one drives me batshit.  There's cottonball fuzz STUCK in my manicure.  I had her remove some of it, but didnt notice another until after I left.  6) The nail that was repaired was NOT filed flat - there's a big ugly bump in the middle of the nail - on the opposite side of the little crack I was trying to fix.7) Both my thumbs bubbled.  I pointed it out.  She fixed one and put another thick coat of polish on the other.But wait!  I didnt even get to the pedicure yet!8) OK.  I admit that it had been a while since my last pedicure.  But I'm literally the only person in the place.  Would it be so much to ask that you not skip the oil and lotion part just because you were tired of complaining the ENTIRE WAY THROUGH the cuticle clipping part?9) When I turned back from watching jeopardy, she'd added unsolicited nail art to both my big toenails while I wasn't paying attention.  And when I say nail art, I mean 3 squiggly green lines across my bright red toes and chunky wet & wild looking silver glitter.  I said "what's that?" and she said "for holiday!"  Even if it hadn't been tacky as fuck, I count 65 days til Christmas.  "Can you just do them red please?  Thanks." This marks the first time in my life that I havent tipped for a manicure.  Frankly, they're lucky I paid at all.
3	This review is from a male perspective. The other reviewer and most women get A LOT more done than most guys but from time to time a litle pedicure is what most men are missing out on. I was in the area visiting a friend and she wanted a mani/pedi and brought me hear. We were the only ones there, sign of the times, but I've rarely been in a place that was so empty. The typical guy boss and one employ took care of us. I had a pedicure done, nothing fancy, wash/rince/cut/massage/dry but the "highlight" for what little I require is that the little leg/foot massage part was one of the better if not the best I had. I can't give more than 3 due to the atmosphere and less would be unfair because my experience doesn't require much. I hope they manage to survive because they are in a good location but having bought gift certificates and knowing Sundrop Nail Spot is nearby  amongst many others there it might be tough.
2	I am a big fan of a few things:  gin, men's boating shoes and mainly, pedicures.  I get pedicures probably 3x a month, I'm ajunkie.  I'm a big fan of the "Asian" run nail salons, especially around this area.  However, Charlie's just plain sucked.  The place wasn't clean, the pedicure was weak, the "design" they did on my toes wasn't worth $5, and the woman doing my pedi didn't even stay in the lines, I had to come home & clean up the magenta splotches on my side toes.  One perk (sole reason for 2 stars) is that they did that razor dead skin thing (which may or may not be legal) and I think anyone willing to deal with that deserves 2 stars on Yelp. All in all:  too much competition out there to give crappy pedicures...go down 1 block to another cheap nail place.
4	The place was fairly clean. They have an excellent selection of colors, lots of OPI. They also have gel, which I got, but in very limited colors. I was greeted the second I walked in the door, and even thought they were full, me & my mom were seated within 5 minutes. I have gotten pedicures here before, but they can be kinda iffy- once they didnt fully cover a nail on my left foot. They also rub lemon juice on your hands/feet, so watch out if you have any kind of cuts. The gel polish that I got is the only thing that's lasted more than a couple days. I got a steel gray color that turned out gorgeous. I will definetly return again, as it is a great low cost mani/pedi place.
2	Pedicures are one of my very few silly indulgences, and I like to space out and enjoy myself. My technician sort of assaulted me with possible upsells and very nearly leveraged shame to get me to purchase. To her credit, she did give me a callous removal for free...but she was really zealous about it and clearly shaved right on in to some perfectly good skin. For real, folks, I have gauge marked in my heels. Then she finished it off with lemons, which is really organic and all...but I'd shaved that morning. Ow. To the salon's credit, my polish job was immaculate.
