5	La Frontera is the surprise find of the decade for me. In a city full of street side taco trucks, you'd never think that one would be so tremendous, but there is a reason La Frontera's truck is in the same place every day of the year. It's un-flipping-believably good. Upon first inspection, La Frontera is a mangled parking lot full of haphazardly parked cars, a few bums walking by every now and then, and a lot of neighborhood folks. The unassuming "restaurant" is made up of folding tables and chairs, a blue tarp as a sunscreen, and a truck full of awesomeness. The menu has all the Sonoran Mexican favorites like tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas, and chicharonnes. One will order at the counter using as much broken Spanish as possible, while the employee uses as much broken English as possible. Eventually you will find a medium, and you'll complete your order of amazing. When your number is called in Spanish, you'll get your order along with the typical limes, radishes, cucumbers, and salsas. Upon request, they have grilled jalapenos available at no charge. The food here is truly fantastic. The tortillas they use are fresh, homemade, gooey flour tortillas. Their meat is grilled to perfection and marinated exquisitely, which is something you very rarely find in a Mexican street food shop. My pick is the Burrito de Carne Asada, a large flour tortilla teeming with hot grilled beef, beans, salsa rojo, onions, and a bit of cilantro. If you're a taco lover, you'll love the barbacoa beef tacos, a Mexican style BBQ meat with an almost briny, indescribible taste. Wash your meal down with one of their many bottled Mexican sodas, and consider yourself lucky that you got to try one of the finest examples of Mexican street food in the state. I'm so spoiled now and hold just about every burrito in town to this standard... which has led to many disappointments.Be forewarned that La Frontera is cash only, and basic knowledge of Spanish is recommended, though not necessary. Just remember these phrases and you'll be good "Burrito de carne asada, con todo" "para llevar" "es todo" and remember your number. You'll never desire any other burrito from America's again, they just don't hold a candle to La Frontera, especially at twice the price.
5	This is an amazing taco truck just minutes from the airport. I ordered the amazing ceviche and a barbacoa burrito, while my girlfriend ordered three tacos. I've said it before and I'll say it again here: this truck is an excellent example of the inverse correlation between price and taste in Mexican food. Eat here before your next flight!
5	I was visiting on business from Wisconsin and met up with my wifes uncle John from California and we went hunting for authentic Mexican food. At first I yelped a place in the ghetto that was closed up, prostitutes and drug dealers on every corner. As we were driving back toward safety, I saw this truck under bright lights with a tarp and make shift tables underneath with people sitting and eating. I didn't care if we got mugged, I was hungry and there were plenty of witnesses. Neither of us speak Spanish, but the old dude in the truck spoke just enough to take our order and money. I had a ham and avocado quesadilla and Uncle John had  a carne asada burrito. His stuff looked so good I decided to try that too. It was a little bit-o-awesome. And they have this avocado sauce that was so smooth creamy and good. You would be a total moron not to eat here if you are in the 'hood.It sits near the corner of VanBuren and 16th St.
4	The best fast food Mexican I have had in town, complete with super cold Mexican sodas on ice.I had a barbacoa, lengua, tripita and chicharon taco.  2 hours later and I am still full, and haven't made a made clenching dash to the bathroom yet, so I'd say it was a good meal.  The chicharon was delicious, like a taco full of bacon!!!
4	After hearing about La Fontera for years I decided to give this place a try today for lunch since I don't work to far from it and it was tolerable to sit outside for a change. While I pulled up there was the food truck then a blue tarp with 5 tables under it for shade. I went about 11:45 to beat the lunch hour rush and I'm glad I did. While all tables were full I asked a guy if I could share his table of 4 since it was only him and he was perfectly fine with that. The menu wasn't huge but what they had was perfect. Burritos, tacos, tostadas and a few other things. I did notice that nothing was over $4. They had about 6 different main items (meat, chicken, etc...) for anything you ordered. I had the Barbacoa Beef Burrito (beef, beans, rice, cabbage, cheese). When it arrived it was HUGE! it came with a side of limes, peppers and cucumbers (yummy). This thing had to weigh over a pound! Soooo I thought, great it's wrapped in foil so what I don't eat I'll take home for dinner...WRONG! I ate the entire thing! The tortilla was awesome and so fresh too (huge bonus for sure as I love homemade tortillas). They have two sauces you can put on anything as well as the bottles are on each table. One is a red sauce in which I didn't try but the green creamy sauce I did and it was awesome! I put it on each bite. Needless to say I won't be even slightly hungry for dinner tonight!!! This is one of the best burritos I've had in a very long time so I will for sure be back soon! Especially since it's going to start cooling off her (hopefully....).
5	Without a doubt the best carne asada tacos in all of Phoenix! Enough said.
4	La Frontera is choice #2 for me and the missus when we need a fix of street food. Street food is supposed to be simple and the tacos at La Frontera are just that, simple and to the point. If you're looking for a Mission style burrito, you will be disappointed. But if you want tasty tacos de chicharron or carne asada, you're in for a treat.Part of the problem here in Arizona is that we have a mix of expectations when it comes to food because there's not much tradition and a healthy influx of people from other areas here. While I'm not sold on the Sonoran Hot Dogs at many other places around here, La Frontera's sister cart (same parking lot) does a great job putting together awesome hot dogs with everything on them.As for tacos, skip the Al Pastor, I still haven't found a place here that makes 'em the way I like (crazy thin sliced off the spit, sweet and succulent, with pineapple). Go for the Carne Asada, Chicharron or the Lengua, anything else and your guess is good as mine as we've been just twice.
5	Perfect street tacos. I couldn't stop ordering them.The carnitas, el pastor, and carne asada tacos were awesome, tender and crispy.Pretty easy to find and I had no problem conversing in English (although I chose to practice the small amount of Spanish I know).Totally worth the drive.
4	street tacos done good!(from a food truck)
4	Looking for a romantic, cozy place to take your date on Saturday night? If so, this is certainly NOT the place for it. However, if you want to practice your Spanish skills and eat awesome food from a truck parked on a busy road, this is your spot!I had two tacos: carne asada and al pastor. Both were excellent. I also had a vampiro with carnitas...kind of like a tostada. The meat is really juicy and tender. All of it tastes like it has been marinating for a good amount of time.I've spent a fair amount of time in Mexico and this made me feel like I was a back there. To my right, a woman selling bootleg DVDs. To my left, Spanish-speaking families drinking soda out of glass bottles. Not the best area of town and to be honest, it smells a little funny...but if that doesn't put you off go check it out!
2	So we were looking for some good old Mexican food on a Sunday night of  study overload, and were disappointed. We saw on Yelp that it was rated 4.5/5 stars...what a waste!!My friend had two tacos de cabeza and two tacos de lengua and she said that it was mediocre and not surprised at all. I had the chicken quesadilla and wasn't pleased very much either. I asked for everything on it and let's just say they're VERY VERY onion happy. In hopes that the horchata would make up for the lack of taste in food, we were AGAIN let down. It was watered down.
5	Best street tacos in Phoenix... that i am aware of. If you are looking for good tasting real Mexican tacos, this is the place to go. nothing fancy just great food.
5	I've been looking for authentic mexican street tacos for five years, and by Lordy-Mae I've found em'! I'm originally from Mexico and like any Mexican will tell "My city San Luis, Sonora has THE BEST tacos in all of Mexico" . It's hard to replicate the flavor or the (sazon) but La Frontera has certainly succeeded. Well done La Frontera, well done.
4	The tacos I had here - chicharron, carnitas, pollo, and carne asada - were really good and so inexpensive. They were very well-seasoned, with a little bit of spicy kick; If you want more heat, the tables have plastic bottles of red and green salsas. This is beyond hole-in-the-wall, though: La Frontera consists of two trucks, each with a blue tarp and dining tables and chairs beside it. Both are kind of permanently stationed in a lot on 16th Street near Van Buren, with a Watermill station in the middle of the lot. I got my tacos from the truck nearest the street; the other truck is for mariscos and Sonoran  hotdogs.
5	Stopped by for lunch on our way from the airport and was very pleased to find some great street tacos. I had lengua tacos and my coworker had carnitas. Both were delicious and the salsa was a nice topper. For the soda drinkers out there, they have Mexican Coke! The one with real cane sugar! Only disappointment is that I've been traveling to Phoenix for work for over two years and only just now found this place.
5	Freshly made authentic mexican food, open late. Near the airport. First stop after landing at PHX at 10pm. Ordered three tacos (carne asada, al pastor, and chicken). Each order gives you two tacos, so I had a total of six. Green sauce, red sauce, lime, and cucumbers came with the tacos. They call out the number in spanish, but luckily counting in spanish isn't that hard. I got the horchata but it wasn't well mixed and was powdery at the bottom. Take it to go or eat at the picnic tables. Saw a bunch of Mexican families there during my visit.
5	Came upon this place after me and the hubby didn't want to end our night with Filibertos or any other fast food chain. Yelp to the rescue! Saw that they had good reviews so we decided to check it out, and glad we did! The tacos were a good size, the price was right and the flavor was there. Unlike other taco places I've tried since moving here, this one reminded me of the taquerias in San Francisco.  also my husband liked the tacos which is saying a lot because he's picky with the foods he would actually admit to liking.Will definitely be coming back here again! :)
4	Not a bad place to go for cheap Mexican food.  Started coming here last year.  It would be good if you order in Spanish, but English would do just fine.  Great place to be at after a long night of drinking too.  This isn't the safest area in the neighborhood, but the food is good, so I'm not complaining.
5	Hand made tortillas, mexican coke bottles, best tacos in Arizona. Do I need to say more?
2	Thought I'd try this place out after seeing all the hype on yelp =) .. Came to the conclusion that they are just OKAY.. Not the best. There are much better taco trucks out here. 2 stars for their decent closing hours, place to get food when you have NO OTHER OPTIONS. Either way, if it came down to that I would rather eat juliobertos or Albertos (Etc)
5	I would always here my sister talk about going to the frontera and never asked her what it was....so finally my friends called me up and told me they were picking me up and taking me there...the food was great!!! I ate so much I went into a food coma
4	I waited until eating here several times and trying different things on the menu before writing my review. Overall, I've been pretty unimpressed with Phoenix Mexican food since moving here.  Turns out La Frontera serves up what I consider to be the real deal. I'm surprised there's not more competition (send me suggestions!). Hands down, the shrimp taco from the seafood side is my favorite. Perfectly fried and comes with a nice sauce. I'd pass on the ceviche...I'm not a fan of the tomato juice they mix it with. From the meat side, I like pretty much everything but tripitas, cabeza, and lengua are my favorites. I usually get a mixed plate of tacos and for some reason, they always seem to mess up just one of my taco meats. Other than that complaint, prices and hours are great.
5	I arrived in Phoenix at around 9pm for a business trip, checked into my hotel, then realized I was hungry and everything around me was closed.I pulled up yelp and looked for some cheap latenight eats, and found this place.Getting to it is a bit of a pain if you aren't local as the roads are split by their light-rail system, even when they are one way, so being on the wrong side of the tracks, means you can't turn to get here.I wasnt sure what to expect when I pulled up, but what I found was pretty awesome. Standing alone in the middle of a parking lot, at midnight, was La Frontera. A jack in the box around the corner seemed to be the only place open other than this, that I could see. But here I was, with literally 20+ other people in the middle of the night, getting some awesome food.The selection is pretty standard. Tacos, Burritos, Tacos, etc. with your choice of the normal meats (Asada, Pork Verde, Chorizo, etc. The staff primarily speak Spanish, but  it wasnt an issue to order, Although they did call my number in Spanish, so I could see that getting confusing if you don't know Spanish)The food was FANTASTIC. Best Carne Aasda and Chorizo I have had in a long time. Fresh toritllas, great tasting meat, good fillings, a good size, and cheap. Tonights  my last night and I am going to try and make it over again before I leave Arizona, as it was that good.
3	On my trip to Phoenix, I set out to find something local and unique to the tune of cow head and tongue tacos and a Sonoran hot dog from a taco truck. From what I can tell, La Frontera is one of the only places you can get a Sonoran hot dog during the day. Most of them are parked later in the day, ready for bar goers. The funny thing was is that there were actually two trucks on site, and only one of them served the dogs so I ended up at both. Chicago has its celery salt and pickles, and New York has its sauerkraut and mustard, but in Phoenix, they've got Sonoran dogs. Hot dogs are never my go to food but this combination is BOMB. The Sonoran-style hot dog, found also in Tucson and in neighboring Sonora, Mexico, is a hot dog wrapped in mesquite-smoked bacon then cooked on a grill then topped with beans, grilled onions, fresh onions, tomatoes, mayonnaise, cream sauce, mustard and Jalapeno salsa or sauce and served on bread and often with a side fresh-roasted chili. It originated in Hermosillo, the capital of Sonora.I also ordered a cow head (brain) and cow tongue taco. I'd had cow tongue as a youngster so I wasn't too surprised but the meat of both was mushier than I'd like. I'm also not a huge fan of the corn tortillas but the cilantro and cucumbers were refreshing.I felt a little out of place here.  Everyone else was Mexican and non-English speaking but we managed.  Despite the language barrier, I got what I wanted and he even knew I didn't know where to get the Mexican coke I ordered so he stepped out of the truck to show me the ice chest along the front.  I thought that was pretty nice.Cash only! SUPER cheap.
5	The best carne asada burritos in town!!they actually have the best burritos I ever tasted in my life.You want real Mexican food.. go there!!Thanks to my Mexican friends for introducing this hidden gem to me!OK hear this.. this place is so good I took a friend visiting from DC to it and he liked it so much a year later I was going on a trip to DC he called me asking me to bring 6 carne asada burritos with me and I did!!bought them, froze them overnight, took 'em with me to DC and he couldn't be happier!! TRUE STORY lol
4	Orale!  This place is GREAT!  Ask the cab/UBER/Lyft driver to swing by this joint late night, after the bar...PERFECT drunky-pants food :)
3	We went to this place because Nogales Hot Dogs wasn't open yet. It was not impressive. I wouldn't call their hot dogs "Sonoran hot dogs." They're more like fully loaded hot dogs that happen to be wrapped in bacon. Tasted like store bought hot dogs with only a little bit of beans, onions, ketchup, mustard, tomatoes on them. The horchata was just okay but came with mostly ice and only a little bit of horchata. The fries were, however, very good. Thick cut fries seasoned with salt and pepper, those were the best part of our meal.
5	Finally found the spot for street tacos. Been here twice in two days. The chicharon tacos are amazing the carnitas burrito is loaded with meat and beans. Barbacoa tacos are so juicy and full of flavor. Feels like I'm in Cali eating at tacos trucks in East La or Santa Ana. Great place for some late night munchies and you can pick up some boot leg DVDs
5	Can't go wrong with the food and prices. My favorite are the chicharron and Barbados tacos. TRULY DELICIOUS.
5	The area is a little sketchy but the food makes up for it. The cane asada tacos were loaded with very flavorful and delicious meat. It tasted very fresh. Don't be afraid of eating at this place!
3	Was craving street tacos & Yelp steered us here. We tried the carne asada, carnitas & al pastor - carnitas was my favorite. It was very moist and tender. Ordered a carne asada quesadilla to share. Stay away! It was super greasy. The grease had soaked through the paper bag completely by the time we got home. I thought the grease had filtered out into the bag but nope more grease as I picked up a slice - it covered my hands. This was inedible.Verdict - tasty street tacos but stay away from the quesadilla!
