1	I really wanted to love this place, since it is run by one of the guys from Efes.But I couldn't even finish my meal.First of all, the meat is pre-cooked and microwaved to order. So if you enjoy chewing on tasteless meat for 10 minutes per bite, then you may enjoy this. The price is not cheap enough to forgo proper (and simple) cooking techniques.The hummus was, however, tasty. Although very familiar. I believe they may have bought it from Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli on 16th street.The salad that came with my meal was uninspired and I also found what I believe to be a fingernail fragment in it. I don't know. But it was unexpected as it crunched in my mouth.This place has some potential, but they really need to provide better ingredients and especially better preparation. As is, it's embarrassing to be called Turkish/Middle Eastern food. It's really the McDonald's of the genre.Also, please. The Mexican hot sauce does not belong in your restaurant, and especially not slathered on your pita bread.
5	My husband and I are hard core Turkish dining fans - since my hubby is from Turkey.  We were so excited when we found Med Fresh!   The best dish is not even advertised on their menu board - Iskendar.  Crispy pita bread topped with beef doner meat.  A tomato sauce is poured over the top and topped with garlic butter. Dollops of yogurt sauce completes this dish.  It is out of this world!!!!  We have had this in Turkey and it is more delicious than I remembered.  A real treat is the homeade baklava.  The chicken kabobs are lemony and moist.  The plate comes with rice pilaf, yummy salad, hummus, pickle and pita bread.  I usually split it with my daughter because it is so big.  The chicken doner is a nice treat either on a bed of rice or as a pita wrap.  Salads are generous in size and we love the dressing.  The ingredients are fresh and healthy.  The restaurant is always clean and the owners are very nice and welcoming.  Prices are reasonable especially for the amount of food you get.  The chai (tea) is delightful.  We have eaten there every few weeks since the place first opened a few years ago and have never had a bad experience!  **I originally posted in 2008 and we are now half way through 2010 and I can honestly say this place is still one of our favs!
4	I had never had Turkish food before we went to Med Fresh. It was really good. We have been back twice since! I really love the salad and they have great falafels and hummus. The lentil soup is also super good. Yum!
2	this place kind of sucks. taste super cheap and bland. but they try to make it look nice. way too pricey . and the what i assume is the owner is pretty unfriendly ..go to munchies two blocks down the street ...
5	Huge thumbs up to this place, i don't understand how 2 of the reviews are so bad? how does one person say the meat is microwaved when its actually cooked infront of you either on the barbaque if its kebob, ect..or on the Big skewer for Shawerma? The owners are from Istanbul, Turkey and i have been there myself, their food is very authentic and has a great taste. Turkish food is very similar to Arabic, mid-eastern food and its full of spices and taste, ect...Their red special secret sauce is incredible and i have not had it before! I suggest you try this place!Also i don't get how the owners are not friendly *although i have heard this before from someone* they are usually very nice to me, i think sometimes if you go at night when only 2 people are working and they are very busy they are a bit tense!Try this place you will love it, order the Beef Shawerma!!!
4	This place is kind of a strange mix.  It seems like a take out place, and yet they have pretty nice seating.  It's like they're trying to make it an eat in place, but can't quite get the atmosphere right.Anyway, the people are very nice and enthusiastic.  They make great food that they obviously take very seriously.  If you've never had Mediterranean food before, this is a good place to pop your cherry.
2	I have been here a couple times now.  I can't say that I have seen problems with service either time I was here.  The atmosphere in here is nice enough.  The workers were all smiles, and moved very quickly to get the orders out.  It was busy, but I was still able to find a seat and eat my lunch.The problem that I had was with the food itself.  It wasn't bad, it was just... bland?  I ordered the Gyro plate, and it wasnt as good as I had hoped.  I have been to other Mediterranean restaurants, and the food seemed to have more flavor to it.  The pita was fine - but the Gyro meat was not very seasoned, and the rice was rather plain.Maybe I will go back in a few weeks and give it another shot, just to see if things were off when I went these last few times.  It would be good to have tasty gyros near where I work.
5	Ok, I created an account specifically to reply to some of these idiots who post on here. First of all, no one microwaves the meat at Med Fresh. They cook it right in front of you. Second of all, I am a chef specializing in a fusion of Mediterranean and other cuisines, and they do it right here. The food is very authentic. I don't know where "Paul R." went, but the salad is excellent there. Comprising of only romaine lettuce, fresh tomato, red onion and their excellent dressing, it is as simple as a salad needs to be without missing out on ingredients (and taste). What crunched in his mouth was probably the fresh produce on the salad. There is no Mexican hot sauce on the pita bread, it is a roasted red pepper puree of some sort, and is completely native to the flavors popular in Turkey. Clearly, the previous reviewer Paul either is completely void of any knowledge of food critique, or he is incapable of enjoying a good meal. Whichever of these is true, however, is irrelevant because it is clear that he has no real insight on the great food to be offered at Med Fresh.The garlic/horseradish spread is excellent. I personally love the Chicken Kebabs and the rice there as well. I like to take a pita half, spread the garlic spread on it, put some rice and red onion on and top it off with chicken, roll it up and eat it like a mini chicken gyro! This flavor combination is unmatched by many local mediterranean restaurants. Don't be scared by some of these reviews, take it from me and I promise that you will not be disappointed. I have been to Med Fresh approximately 10 times and I have never once had a bad experience. Oh and if you're in a hurry, I wouldn't necessarily recommend Med Fresh. It does take some time to get your food, but again, no one is claiming that it's fast food. Thanks for reading.
4	I got a combo plate, and I thought the food was fresh, flavorful, and fulfilling. :)  I mean, I definitely thought some meats were better than others, but it's a personal preference.  The chicken was juicy and well-cooked.  I don't think this place deserves those bad reviews, but check it out for yourself!
3	Man...I hate myself for not going to Phoenicia Cafe when In Season Deli didn't have there tables set up.  I met up with a gf on Mill and we decided on this place after finding In Season Deli didn't meet our qualifications for girl time.The poster outside said eat healthy and live longer.  And since I'm always trying to eat healthy, I thought this would be a great place.  So I decided on the small Greek salad and my friend got the hummus with chicken.  I know, not a lot of food, but bike riding in 113 degree weather on a full stomach sucks.  The food came quickly, and that was no small Greek salad!  They also had pita along with the salad, so it looked like a lot of food.  The salad itself looked fresh, but the dressing was overkill.  For being a "healthy" place, a dressing that tastes and looks like mayonnaise all over a salad does not qualify as healthy.  Something was off there.  As for my friend, she said the hummus was bland and no where near Pita Jungle's.  While I don't agree Pita Jungle is the best or most authentic hummus, to each their own.This place gets a pass from me next time I'm hungry and on Mill.  Off to Phoenicia!
2	"doner"? I think not.
4	I gotta say this place is great and WELL worth the money. When in town I frequent this place for lunch on a regular basis. No microwaving for sure! EVERYTHING I have ever eaten there has been made fresh in front of my eyes!!!! Even the soup is heated to order on the stove in a pan!!!! NO microwave! The greek salad is huge and though the dressing is different its good.... This has a definate turkish flair and is awesome and priced right. The hummus and Baba is great. I love the beef donner wrap and load it up with the chili sauce!!! The GF loves the kabobs and Dad usually gets the LARGE and I mean large salad with chicken kabobs.... You cant go wrong
4	I have been meaning to tell yelpers about this place...But silly me, the yelpers seem to have known about this long before me! You guys are so in the know! Well I'm happy to see that everyone loves this place as much as me! I discovered this place when I used to work on Mill ave. Let me tell you it only took one hesitant lunch before I was craving it every night! First off...they deliver! For a fat kid on the go, This is always a plus! To find a place that delivers that is neither Chinese or pizza is pretty freakin cool! Second...The owners are super nice! They always great you with a smile and work hard to make sure that you are satisfied with your order. It is a little hard to understand them, but it just means the food is authentic. At least I think so! And the most important...The food is really good! I love their vegetarian plate and the desert is wonderful! I would choose this place over big fat Greek any day of the week! really beyond good. The only bad that dropped it from a 5 to a 4 star...location, location, location. Mill is such a pain in the butt to drive on. and the parking is no better. But I will always brave the crowds of students and snow birds to eat there any day!
5	Tasty sandwich . When i eat there another time .. I'll rate again. .. for now the sandwich gets a 5 ..
4	The presentation of this small restaurant isn't much.  The tables and chairs are uncomfortable and are more indicative of a fast food joint.  That's about all that's mediocre about this place though.The sandwich combo I got was tasty.  I got a Turkish tea that was a unique, pleasant experience.  They have free refills!I finished my meal and people watched on the patio as I enjoyed my Turkish tea.  It reminded me of drinking Pilsners in Prague last summer.I'd give this place of try if you live in the area and have never been.  I wouldn't go out of my way just for the food if you're out of town, however.
5	The MedFresh Turkish Grill has the best mixed plate I've had in years!  The actual dish is called the Mixed Grill and though it's a bit pricey ($12.95) for the common ASU student...for a chubby guy like me who'll pay dearly for a great meal, it's a fucking fantastic deal.The FRESH in the name holds true to it's veggies and meats alike.  I'm addicted to the place.  They have a fountain drink selection as well as canned and bottled beverages.  They also carry AZ Iced Tea cans...I like the Strawberry Kiwi flavor - beware they do charge $1.99 for the $0.99 can, so if you're picking up the food to go like I do...get your drinks somewhere else.They have a couple of TVs in there and during the evenings seem to have sports on for the most part.  The staff is very nice and never seem to be in a crappy mood...they always answer my questions and the place is very clean.If you like Turkish or even like a Greek style food...then you MUST give this place a shot (no..seriously, do it).  They have a nice spicy sauce that isn't quite as hot as some Mexican salsas but it's still damn tasty.I must mention this...it's a bit out of place, but they have a cool older style Raiders mirror on the wall.  Being a faithful Raiders fan myself...I have to say that it's badass.  It's a very West Coast place.  If I had my own review site...I'd give this place 5 West Sides.
4	If your looking for some good Mediterranean food I would go here.  They give you a bang for your buck, a chicken kabob platter comes with salad, hummus, and 4 pieces of pita that is amazingly delicious. I will definitely come back for a meal to go.  I would even suggest ordering before you go because it takes a bit of time to cook so you know. Recommendation: To anyone on mill not going to the bars and is hungry and in the mood for some pretty damn good hummus.
5	...I ate there yet again.  I cannot get enough of this place...so fucking good!  The Mixed Grill plate is the meal of my choice...I'm seriously addicted.  Someone please save me!
4	Last day in AZ, and my friend and I were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading toward the airport.  We randomly walked in to Med Fresh Grill because it seemed healthy and wasn't too crowded.  I had the vegetarian plate which came with hummus, baba ganouj, falafel, tabouleh, dolmas, small salad, and pita bread. Wow, I wish I had discovered this place sooner.  The hummus was one of the best hummus that I've had. Creamy, but not too oily, good flavors. Best item on my plate.  I didn't care for the tabouleh, but I liked the dolmas and baba ganouj.  The hummus though really stands out. My friend had the chicken pita wrap combo with fries. When they called our number, they only had the fries and forgot the wrap! The guys apologized, but it was still a little annoying since it wasn't crowded. I'm not sure how long we waited for our food, but it wasn't fast.  On the other hand, everything did taste fresh, so I'd rather wait for quality food. Parking can be a pain, but the food was definitely worth it. Great find in Tempe. Get the hummus.
4	For the most part I love Med Fresh. Their salad dressing is amazing, and the meat is great. You can see the meat being roasted, and the food being prepared. Great for vegetarians as well...my friend loved her vegetarian meal. They are very clean, and for the most part very friendly. Wish the prices wouldn't keep going up, however I still keep paying it! Make sure you ask them for the their hot sauce, it not only ads spice to your meal, but a wonderful flavor too!
4	My husband and I went there recently. We are both from the Mediterranean and absolutely love food. I had the lamb kabob and I loved it. The meat was juicy and tender, perfectly seasoned. Their rice is everything but blend. First bite into it and all the spices hit you at once, definitely worth it. I was a little disappointed in the baba ganoush dish as I expected it to be more like the aydari. My husband totally loved the shawarma, chicken combo and the garlic spread. Though a little bit on the pricey side, it's worth trying it.
4	I  loveeee the food here! I recommend the chicken wrap. If i could rate JUST the food I would give Med Fresh 5 stars. If you're lookin' for some yummy food at a decent price and don't care so much about the appearance i would say Med Fresh is for you. As you may have noticed I tend to rate bathrooms....If a business has a cruddy bathroom it can really bring the rating down a star or two... I don't know about you, but when you use a dirty bathroom in an okay restaurant, it makes you wonder what their Kitchen looks like.As for Med Fresh....they share bathrooms with other nearby businesses. I wasn't a fan. You had to borrow a key that is on a wooden rod form the front. I was grossed out by the idea of other people holding onto that key after using the restroom. yuck
4	The food is always fresh and made to order at Med Fresh. The portion sizes are huge which they should be since the prices are a little high. But they pile it on I like the Mixed Grill which includes chicken and some other meat, humus, pita bread, small salad, and rice. This plate usually lasts me for 2 meals but today I was exceptionally hungry and I ate it all gone. The staff is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
4	I am a hummus fiend. I have made tabbouleh so delicious that the heavens parted and rained down tears of joy upon its consumption. I will cut a bitch over the last dollop of garlic dip. Don't even get me started on baba ghanoush.So it's almost a guarantee that I will like anything that draws upon a Mediterranean flavor palate. Med Fresh is no exception.It's technically Turkish, but I don't split hairs when it comes to Mediterranean. The pitas are fresh and flavorful, the tzatziki is kickin' and the gyro meat (beef and chicken) are always moist and delicious. Everything is prepared as you order it and you have a clear view of the goings-on in the sunken kitchen. The staff can be a bit terse at times but they're always professional and quick to disperse a busy lunch rush. The platters are priced well for the mound of food you receive, and while I have had some tonsil-scraping dry chicken on occasion, the majority of the time the kabobs and koftas are moist and tender. If you simply can't be pressed to make up your mind, go with the mixed grill and get a bit of a variety. The pita sammich special (#16) is the best bang for your buck on the menu. Pita, meat, tomato, lettuce, weird pickles and secret sauce. Served with tzatziki and their killer spicy red sauce. Salad or fries on the side. $6.95. Oh yeah.
5	My husband and I are hard core Turkish dining fans - my hubby is from Turkey.  We were so excited when we found Med Fresh a few years ago!   The best dish is not even advertised on their menu board - Iskendar.  Crispy pita bread topped with beef doner meat.  A tomato sauce is poured over the top and topped with garlic butter. Dollops of yogurt sauce completes this dish.  It is out of this world!!!!  We have had this in Turkey on  a few trips and I prefer the Med Fresh version.   The chicken kabobs are lemony and moist.  The plate comes with rice pilaf, yummy salad, hummus, pickle and pita bread.  I usually split it with my daughter because it is so big.  The chicken doner is a nice treat either on a bed of rice or as a pita wrap.  Salads are generous in size and we love the dressing.  The ingredients are fresh and healthy.  The restaurant is always clean and the owners are very nice and welcoming.  Prices are reasonable especially for the amount of food you get.  A real treat is the homeade baklava.  It is flaky, buttery and made the authentic way - with sugar and not with honey.  The chai (tea) is delightful.  We have eaten here every few weeks have never had a bad experience!
4	I have enjoyed Med Fresh each time I've gone.  Their skewered and grilled chicken seems to be what I order the most.  It is always very moist and tasty.  I've also gotten a combo platter that has a little bit of everything and I haven't been disappointed in anything in that either.  Their salad is simple but good.  The pepper spread on the pita is a nice addition as well.  As many others have said, their garlic sauce is very flavorful and is good with just about everything.  The place is clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	Really think this place brings for their cost, speed, quality and location.  Their food is very good and reasonably priced and always cooked fresh upon your order.  The kitchen is extremely clean and makes you feel good about what you are eating.The chicken is fantastic as is the falafel, salads and hummus.  The fries leave a little to be desired but you really shouldn't be ordering those at a place like this.This is not a place that you would bring a date to or be looking for a night out.  If you are looking for quality food at slightly higher than Subway prices than this is the place for you.  Also if you haven't had this type of food before this is a great intro to it and unless it is very busy the staff will offer you a sample.
3	I had a nice lunch there this week. The Lady who took my order seamed extra pleasant. The food was good/ok. I will try again to see if there are any items that are really good. I had heard that the humus? is very good. Maybe I will increase my rating if it is a standout.
3	I do like their food but sometimes it's only ok.  We orderded our food and it's honestly kind of a mediocre portion.  We sat outside and i believe the owner was smoking even though there was a no smoking sign.  It was pretty obnoxious.  He then went inside and brought our food out...gross.  It's next to my work and it's something different to eat.
4	A friend recommended Med Fresh's falafel, so I thought I'd give them a try. It was so yummy! Usually you get big falafel balls, so each bite is either all falafel or no falafel. Med Fresh spreads theirs out so there's an even falafel distribution. This is very important. (Is there a Yelp award for using the word "falafel" the most times in one review?)I went there for lunch to escape the office. Some people feel awkward eating alone, but almost everyone there was enjoying lunch solo. The guy at the register talked me into a strawberry-banana smoothie, which was sweet and tasted fresh.
2	I looked them up on Yelp! and ordered a take out order based on their website menu.  When I arrived to pick it up both items that I ordered were 2 + dollars more than their own menu.When I mentioned it to the cashier she was not at all apologetic and did not offer any concession on the price.  No one behind the counter seemed to care that they had just shafted their customer.  They cared even less when I told them that I would most likely NOT be back.The food was good, although I can get good Mediterranean several other places around town.  My prediction is that there may be a restaurant available on Mill Ave if this is any indication of how much they care about their customers.
4	I absolutely love this place. We go on occasion for lunch at work and I always get the same thing: The Chicken Doner Plate. The chicken is noms, their hummus is as good as any I've ever had, the garlic paste they give you is delicious (but lethal--don't eat it if you have a meeting later), and their rice is just killer. Only complaint is that it's a little pricey for lunch (which is why we don't go all that often) but it's worth it if you're craving some really good Turkish chow.
4	Great lunch spot on Mill Ave!  I've had tabbouleh, the chicken salad and the vegetarian plate - all have been spot on.  My co-workers also like the chicken donner and the kebabs.Two drawbacks, though:  First, it's expensive.  Whenever you add chicken to a salad, they add $3.50, which brings your bill up above $10.  Second, service isn't exactly speedy.  I realize that fresh, quality food isn't cheap and takes some time to make, but I have time constraints and a different price point for a work lunch.  4 stars.
5	After traveling to 40 different states, and eating in countless Turkish, Greek, Mid Eastern and Mediterranean restaurants, only one place had the best baklava in the US. And none came even close. It was Med Fresh Grill. Baklava was just amazing. To die for. Crispy on the top moist and sweet at the bottom with generous portions of pistachio in the middle.Even only for the baklava they deserve to be the best. The Kebabs are excellent as well, get the mixed kebab plate. Amazing garlic sauce, amazing meat.I just loved this place, and wished to live in Phoenix just to eat baklava anytime I want from Med Fresh Grill.
5	If you look at Med Fresh Grill from the outside, you might ask yourself: What is this place?  And right you should: there's outdoor seating, there's "grill" in the name, and behind the fast food style counter, there's bottles of liquor, it's all very confusing.  Med Fresh Grill is a low profile restaurant with high-end turkish food.  Their falafels are moist, and scrumptious.  Their portions are generous, you will NOT leave hungry.Do not pass this place up.  It is a hidden gem of Tempe.
1	In my first experience with Med Fresh Grill, I found the food to be average. It was the service I received that makes this ranking so low. Horrible.
3	We stopped in last night before a show at the Gammage looking for a good quick bite to eat.   The waitress was quick to seat us, take our drink orders and recommeded a Turkish pilsner that we decided to try.  My friend recommended the chichen doner, equating it to chicken shawrma, but I still found my self torn between that and the lamb kabob wrap.   Ordering the chicken doner with a side salad, my friend decided on the falafel plate.    While it took a bit to get the food out, under any other circumstance time would not have been an issue, but since we had to be somewhere and we were hungry it felt a lot longer than I am sure it was in reality.  My chicken doner was served fresh and  piping hot off the grill  with a side of tzatziki and a spicy tomato based "salsa" and the salad was fresh romaine lettuce, tomatos and cucumbers, drizzled with a rich spicy dressing.    The Chicken doner was seasoned superbly and garnished with pickles and tomatoes.  I enjoyed this much more than the chicken shwarma at Al-Hana.  My friend's falafel plate looked amazing with a salad, 4 or was it 6 good sized pieces of falafel, hummus and some warm pita. The turkish pilsner accompanied the meal well.  After we were done, the waitress offered hot tea on the house, and had we not had somewhere to be we would have stuck around for some hot tea.  The service here was excellent and the waitress was very friendly. So why 3 stars and not 4 or 5.  Well later in the evening my friend started feeling ill, poor guy.  By the time intermission rolled around he was feeling queezy and by the shows end the guy was hurting. [Don't blame it on the performance...that was pretty good.]  While I was not feeling bad, admittedly he did have a few things on his plate that I didn't have.  I need to check on him this morning.
5	Tried this place today at the suggestion of a friend and I am so glad that she did!I had the chicken gyro plate and was very impressed.  The amount of food is quite plentiful; seasoned and sliced chicken gyro meat atop a bed of saffron rice, small side salad, pita wedges, garlic sauce, hummus and their own brand of hot sauce.  Chicken was grilled and sliced perfectly thin.  Garlic sauce packs a punch.  This platter and a large drink came to about $13, but they do have smaller portion options as well.  I've eaten at a number of Mediterranean places in the area, some have come, gone and/or fallen off my list of places that I care to patronize.  Now that I've discovered MedFresh, I don't miss them at all.Additional details -- It is in a great location on Mill, within easy walking distance of offices, parking and even light-rail.  The interior is very comfortable and spacious.  The proprietors at the counter are very friendly and happy to have you in their establishment.  Oh, and they serve Coke products!  ++
2	I used to come here a lot and the food was fantastic.  This place used to be underrated and then all of a sudden it became really popular.  Ever since that happened, the food started to be lower quality and just not taste very good.  I give it 2 stars because it used to be good, but really it should only get 1 now.
5	This is by far my  most favorite Turkish place. I have been to this place countless number of times and was never disappointed. In fact, now that I don't stay in Tempe anymore, I always make it a point to visit this place whenever I go to Tempe. I  love their chicken kabob platter. Chicken skewers are always perfectly marinated and moist. I also love their rice, pita, garlic dip and salad served on the side. I have tried falafel and chicken gyro sandwiches as well and those were pretty good, too. I would highly recommend this place if you happen to be in Tempe downtown.
4	Some of the best you can get in Phoenix.  Great falaffel & schwarma.  Very consistent.  Always good.
5	This place is wonderfull!! I eat there at least once a week...the food is flavorfull and delightfull...I have spread the word about med fresh and my friends agree its wonderfull! They never use a microwave and prepare everything in fron of you.This place isn't fast food so don't compare it to Mcdonalds, it gets the job done and I highly recommend it.
5	Best Turkish place in town. There food is amazing and the owners are very friendly and warm people. The food is a little bit pricey for an everyday lunch however they get 5 stars for serving Efes Pilsner & consistently being tasty. Can't go wrong with any of their plates!
5	Med Fresh is delish... Always get the Chicken Kabob .  Our visit last friday was very enjoyable!  The food is cooked fresh and the service is superb.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, the hummus was very creamy.  The salad and dressing was so fresh.  Every flavor on the plate complements each other and to top it off the garlic paste is to die for!  My son had the Beef Gyro and loved it!  All in all this place is great!
5	AMAZING!  The food is plentiful and always fresh.  I always walk away stuffed with leftovers.  The decor inside is very nice.  The staff is friendly and provides quick service.  Love Med Fresh!
3	Good food.  Small portions, especially for a Mediterranean joint at the prices they are charging.
4	sorry have to knock this place down a notch since they charge 50 cents for a water cup... Don't think this is even legal in AZ.  Still great food though!
3	Good food. Girl is not too friendly  unless your Turkish.SMALL portions LARGE PRICES! Not enough hummus or babagounish. Veggie platter price keeps going up with all the other prices. Really good food just skimpy on things and prices are very expensive for this kind of fast food.
5	This is a small family owned restaurant that I visited almost once a week while working on Mill Avenue!!!OMG so yummy!  And definitely fresh.  Everything is so good loved the humus especially!!!
4	Liked it lots. I had the mixed grill, that had marinated grilled chicken, grilled steak tips, and a ground meat strip with spices. The accompaniments were a yummy salad with some yogurt dressing, lovely creamy hummus, and a small dollop of creamy roast garlic. They had grilled the pita and used the inside of it to slightly "soak " up the juices from the meats. It was just enough to moisten it, then it was sliced in about 8 pieces. It was fresh, light, perfectly herbed. Just the right thing at night time.Not really busy like other places
1	I am Turkish and Med Fresh Grill does not do a good job to represent Turkish food. Their doner (gyro) is not good at all. Their Adana kebap was ok when they started their business but now it is disaster to eat. It was only choice to eat some Turkish food in Valley. Luckily, now, there is a new Turkish restaurant (called as Turkish kitchen on Warner Ave -between Arizona and Alma School Rd in Chandler) opened last week. If you try their food, you can definitely understand how Turkish food should taste. I hope with this  new Turkish restaurant, Med Fresh Grill can reconsider their menu again to find the true essence of Turkish food.
5	This place is bomb!  I have eaten here several times and have never had a bad experience!  My co-worker suggested My Big Fat Greek, and I drove right past it to get to Med Fresh.  The portions are very generous, and most importantly the food is DE-LISH!  For the price, you get a lot of amazing food.  The chicken kebob is my favorite, and it comes with saffron rice, hummus, salad, tahini and pita bread.  The staff/owners are incredibly nice and will happily chat with you about the food if you ask them questions.  I would say it's not quite a "hole in the wall" but definitely not a chain-gang restaurant.  GIVE THEM A TRY -- You will earn your membership into the "Clean Plate Club" for sure!
4	The food here is some of the best middle eastern / turkish food in the valley. I would go here more often if the prices weren't so high. $16 for a lunch is more than I care to spend everyday.
4	I really like this place. I have gone there several times with a colleague from Turkey and he vouches for it being genuine. The food is great and the service fast.
5	Wow... so great!Good portions.Awesome flavors.They got it right here!
1	The food was pretty bad. Enough for me to sign up and write my first review on Yelp.I was in town for business and wanted some middle-eastern food. Checked Yelp and this place had a good rating.Inside looked nice and I saw what I wanted which was the Adana (ground beef) kabob. The picture looked tasty. With a drink the total was $15, yes $15!Got my food and it looked nothing like the picture. Small portion of dry overcooked flavorless beef with a bed of awful Spanish rice and a salad with a little bit of honey Dijon dressing. Hardly authentic or flavorful especially for 15 bucks. I suggest you look elsewhere in town for good kabobs because the food was just plain bad.
5	This is one of my favorite places on mill. We need to support more local businesses. Although the prices have gone up a bit it's still worth a visit.
4	The food here is great! The staff is always polite too, which is nice on Mill. Within the past year or so they have changed it to a 'sit down, and we come take your order'  style restaurant... I wish they would go back to walking up to the counter style though. The new way seems kind of stuffy for a restaurant on Mill.
4	There are plenty of places on Mill Ave. to get Mediterranean food, and this small restaurant is one I frequent regularly.    I mostly get my food to go because the atmosphere isn't all that inviting, and as others have stated, the chairs are uncomfortable.Their hummus and rice are both excellent, and I'm a big fan of their doner kebab meal.Munchie's has a tastier Gyro combo, but Med Fresh grill has tastier meals.  The rice and the side salad really add to the fullness factor, as I always feel like I've eaten too much.
5	This place is a lot of fun. We have a large distributor out of Turkey, so we've made many trips to this place and made friends with Yusef, the owner. What a great host! I really like the baclava, but if you're new to Turkish food, just be bold and go for the Adana kabob!
4	There are many Med options out there, and like one person has noted, there are a handful on Mill that cater this type of food. Unfortunately for the others, this one is the best. Aligning the walls of this establishment are awards for their outstanding service and food. The owner is Turkish and has developed an amazing array of handmade dishes he undoubtedly learned to love in his native country.I appreciate so many different things about this place. The gyros are great and the food feels fresh, not processed or stale. The salads are good, as is the humus. Being a smaller business, they make their dishes in house, and the processed foods are swept away, making this a quality and enjoyable meal. It might taste different to you, and that's because it is. There are many fine Greek restaurants out in the valley that push out amazing dishes, this is not a "fine dining" establishment like others, filled with waiters and high priced side dishes. What Med-Fresh does is  push out amazing food at a good price, and the locals have steadily fell in love with it. I was worried with the economic downturn that this start up might not last, but ASU students and locals have embraced it.. Also, notice all the ethnic and minority groups that frequent this place. Its a very good sign of whether or not its a true-blue restaurant, or non-traditional. I always notice many foreign students sitting and enjoying the food, which assures me that considering where they are at for the time being, this is their best and favorite spot.Try their Gyros first unless you are a big Med food geek, which in that case you can expand further of course. Start small, then go from there. Enjoy!!!
5	Far and away the best $10 bucks you can spend on Mill Avenue is the Chicken Kabob plate at Med Fresh!  Everyone I've ever taken here has simply loved it.  The owners are very friendly and treat you like family.
1	Wow, the chicken was too burned and they charged me $1.99 for grilling the tomatoes and onions but didn't tell me. When I objected they just said, "Oh well." Not for me. There are too many other good Med places in Tempe.
4	I love Mediterranean food, obviously, for the taste, and also for how guilt-free I feel when eating it because of how healthy and protein-packed it is for a vegetarian like me.I went to MedFresh Turkish Grill on Mill Avenue, a place I like for its awesomely filling Vegetarian Combo ($8.95). The large plate came with pita bread, hummus, baba ghanouj, tabouleh, dolmas and a Greek salad with homemade Greek dressing I would gladly replace my favorite ranch with any day.Go there for the food, not the atmosphere, since it's a fast casual, order-at-the-counter type place. It's great for people-watching along Mill, though.
4	I only had the chicken pita and it was  good.  Not great but better than most of the food on mill.  I would recommend it for a casual or quick bite.
5	I've hit up the usual "Middle Eastern/Mediterranean" spots in Tempe (We luckily have a quite a few)...and I am so surprised that I have yet to review MedFresh. I am enamored. Their hummus is divine, their Gyro plates are sublime. Let's talk about the fact that they have chicken and beef/lamb roasting all day...top that with their delicious red sauce (what the heck is that stuff!?)...and it's pure satisfying delight.They also give you a little side salad, for a well balanced, complete meal.Now, what makes them stand out? THE QUALITY. Hands-down. Some other places (which shall remain nameless, you've been there, I've been there...they're open late and you needed some drunk food fixins) serve up the nastiest cuts of chicken/beef/lamb. I rarely eat meat as is...so when I do, I don't want gristly, cold, marbley fat meat.So here we go...in short, just try it once. What can you really lose? You'll find out it's better than the other spots, for the same price, and suddenly you don't have to eat food, while intoxicated, to appreciate it.Win, win : )
1	A friend told us about how great this place was and we decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and myself have over 30 years in resturant and customer service experience and I always take a moment to compliment great service, however this time  I was so incredibly disappointed that I felt it was necessary to speak out about how not only was the food FAIR but the lack of customer service was borderline pathetic.  The hummus had no flavor, and the pitas were about the same. When we placed our orders, they were out of the three dishes we had inquired about. After about 20 minutes my boyfriend's meal came out and it was cold, I then sat there for 7-10 minutes awaiting for my salad wondering why it was taking forever and as to why you would bring out one meal and not the other with zero explanation. I have had mint salad at other middle eastern restaurants however this was not so amazing, and should really be served as a side dish and not a meal, especially being $9.00 I also asked for chicken to be added which consisted for an additional $4.00 (4 pieces).The guy who took our order was too busy in conversation with everyone else and never once checked on us, although he was sure to make eye contact with me about 5 times. Eventually, the gal who was working (Brittany) stopped over to fill drinks and see if we needed anything...she was the only positive thing about this experience. I expressed my concerns to Brittany who went to tell the owner that we were not happy with the experience and all she can say was sorry sorry sorry and never offered to make things right,  and pushed for us to have "a little dessert to go"...which I did not want. I wanted my "meal" comped which would have been the right thing to do, aside from the apology and to leave. The guy who originally took our order came over to apologize and did nothing but give me a list of excuses on why he may have dropped the ball... in which I called him out on, this guy really should look into another profession because customer service was not his strong suit tonight. Bottom line, I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are many middle eastern restaurants ASU who have superior service and much better food.
4	Two words - Grilled fish and Baklava. I am always willing to make the long drive for these two. Located at the heart of Mill Ave, a dinner on the patio with good friends and amazing food. Thats what i mean when i say bliss.
3	The grilled meats are good but nothing extraordinary.  The side dishes on the combo plates are, for the most part, simple and fresh.  The rice is the low point (bland and falls short of traditional cracked wheat) while the balaclava is the high.  That it is fairly expensive coupled with the inconvenience of parking means I won't go out of my way to eat here again.
2	I was with my sister on Mill Ave looking for some food to eat. We thought Greek would be awesome but then we saw Crave was gone and My Brg Fat Greek burned down. So we came across MedFresh and decided to give it a go. We both ordered gyros with lamb and beef and some hummus. First of all, the hummus had a strange aftertaste, I decribed it as if there was whiskey or some sort of alcohol in it. It was tolerable to eat but I wouldn't order it again. Then our gyros came out and I didn't like the flavors that came with it. It had too much stuff in it like pickles, lettuce, onions, not sure what I normally have in a gyro but it just didn't taste right. So we left and my plate had half a gyro and a lot of stale fries that I couldn't eat. The staff was very nice and attentive but the food quality will cause me to never return.
4	My husband and I stumbled upon this place on a Sunday afternoon when we couldn't decide exactly what to eat. Boy were we glad we did! The food was absolutely fantastic - fresh and tasty and the service matched the quality of the food.We both ordered a lentil soup to start which was pureed - a way I have never had it before - and I can tell you I can't wait to have it again. They included a lemon wedge with the soup which enhanced it's flavor beautifully. We then shared a Vegetarian plate which was plenty of food for two. The hummus and baba ghanouj was some of the best we've ever eaten and the grape leaves were incredibly fresh as well. I am of the opinion that grape leaves can be really hit or miss and can sometimes leave a bitter taste in your mouth - these did nothing of the sort. In particular, the tabbouleh salad was some of the best either of us have ever had as well. Fresh, full of parsley and mint and good to the last drop.If you're down on Mill - It's a place you must try.
5	Absolutely delicious lamb kabobs and not too expensive. This place is a legitimate Turkish restaurant.
4	When my wife and I went, the place wasn't that busy.  We had no problem getting our food and the girl that took our order was nice.  We had the chicken Kabob which if you are new to this type of food you can't go wrong.  They gave me a chili pepper that almost burned my head off, my wife had a good laugh watching me suffer.  We would eat here again, fair price, the decor is nothing to write home about but the food is very tasty
4	Excellent food! The skewered beef was remarkably tender and juicy - better than any other beef I've had in dozens of similar places, some charging double the price.  The chicken was similarly delightful - not dry or tough.  The Koobideh (ground, seasoned beef) was also good, though I'm less of an expert on that.  The 'beef gyro' meat was also good - that's a great array of good meats!  The lamb that I had on a prior visit wasn't quite as perfect, but I'll give it one more try.  Their platter of Mediterranean delights such as hummus, tabbouleh, etc was also great. The only disappointment was their rice - you get a massive serving, but it tasted like Mexican rice (that is, the big pile of rice you get in a typical Mexican restaurant - volume not quantity), not the finer basmati rice I would expect.  I'd like to see a smaller serving of much better rice, personally ...  But this is a minor issue given the quality of the rest of the food. We were also seated one night at closing time - the staff stuck around while we ate a meal, which was very good of them.
4	Great gyros, especially the chicken gyro! I love their tzatziki too. Food is always up quick and the service is good. Their greek side salads are also very tasty.
3	I am disappoint!I was come heer for 3 years. Food used to be so gud. Now, food taste go down drain. Vat happen?? Come a few times last month, chikin so so, hummus go down, tatziki vierd taste. Ovner very nice as always, but cheep on food qvality now. I am dissapoint! :( sad face!
4	Looooove this place! Went here for the first time a few days ago and ordered the lamb kabob pita - addicting. The wait was a little long, which was annoying because I was starving, but when I had that first bite... oh my! Worth every minute of a wait. The tsaziki sauce is served as a side so the sandwich isn't messy. The lamb is cooked exactly the way lamb should be cooked - not too chewy, not burnt, not raw - seasoned, soft and delicious.My co-worker ordered the Iskandar plate, which she raved about as well. It's located on Mill Avenue but it's tricky to find - you have to park and then walk into a small plaza, then make your way to the back until you see it tucked in the left-hand corner. Go here and enjoy real Mediterranean food!
3	Good place near the college in Tempe.  Prices are decent and the food is pretty good.  I ordered the Mixed Grill to share with a friend.  It fed both of us with enough to take home.  Although we weren't very hungry to begin with.
4	Food was good and I enjoyed eating outside!
4	This place is great for lunch, dinner that's another story.  I have been here multiple times, I feel their entree plates are better than their gyros wraps and sandwiches.  For dinner, this place is a lot more low key and not as many people frequent it.  Overall, I think is great, service could be a little better but the food makes up for it.
4	What a gem in the middle of the desert. The tabuli salad was excellent. The Adana Kebab, though not as spicy as I like, had good flavor and very moist. Baklava and Turkish coffee to top it all off.
2	Three hungry girls sick of eating the same old crap, we decided to check this place out since we were nearby. All three of us lived in turkey at one point in our lives so we have all had good Turkish food. Anyway, we got the yogurt drink which was delicious. Two of us got the beef doner plate and one got the chicken doner plate. I think we got the left over scraps because we went late so chicken was dry and the beef was greasy. The salad had a spicy dressing which didnt mesh well. The hummus had little flavor. We expected better pita, but they used the usual arabic pita. I hate that pita. i was hungry but I could finish my plate, it just wasn't good. The older gentleman who served us (I think he was the owner) was very polite and personable. I just wish I could have liked his restaurant.
5	I was just passing through town to get something to eat and I came upon this restaurant. The service is great. Ali and Salda run the whole show and are warm people. The food is delicious and plentiful. I had the mixed grille and found everything to be really tasty. Compliments to the chef and staff.For a college town, this cuisine adds great diversity to the spread of choices. Thanks very much! Good choices and prices for a substantial meal.
3	First time I went it was really good, but the second time it wasn't and customer service was really bad and they overcharged us.....what's up with that?
5	Fresh food, clean place, good prices, highly recommend.  I always get the gyro and love that the meat isn't greasy!
3	Tried this cute little place while on Mill Ave with my boyfriend. Pretty good food, and the people are wonderful! Very personable. Didn't get to try the dessert, but the fresh pineapple juice is delicious!
3	Wife and I came here for lunch during a bike ride to Tempe. It's a small place, not much ambience and looks more like a fast food food joint.I ordered the gyros platter, so mediocre!!!! Meat was decent but the hummus and rice had no flavor. Also on the plate was considered a "side salad" but it's just few pieces of romaine one tomato slice and one cucumber..again no flavor. The pita they give was definitely store bought low quality.My wife had chicken kabob plate and the chicken was good but she too had the same sides I did and we didn't touch much of it.Prices are fair but I can't recommend this place..it's not bad but not good either...it's just there.
4	This is a smallish owner-run place on Mill Ave. in Tempe. We were warmly greeted when we walked in--there were very few other customers, although I have no idea why because everything was delicious and freshly made. I had the chicken kebob plate, which came with a side salad and various dipping sauces. All tasty and well made. We will definitely be back.
3	Had the chicken kabob. Meat is delicious. Hummus and salad are delicious but the portions are extremely small. You might get two forkfuls out of the hummus. Tons of rice though. Since it's cheap, presumably.I'll try it again in a few weeks.
5	Everything I consumed was pure deliciousness.  I will probably have occasional day naps where I dream about my meal. We got the small beef kabob,  gyro combo, and hummus platter. I tried all of it and every item was great (even the rice).  The beef kabob also had a little spice too itn the perfect kick.  I will definitely be back. Yum yum in my tum tum!
5	Best turkish food in Arizona that I have tries yet. I get the chicken plate and love it with the yellow rice. The owner is incredibly welcoming and love that they are always playing soccer matches on tv. They also have excellent baklava for dessert. Authentic turkish food. Highly recommend if you are looking to leave a place with a full belly and satisfied.
1	Just picked up an order from here, the beef kebab and the beef gyro plate. $26.00 for skimpy portions, and no pita bread. Needless to say I live too far away to go back. Very disappointed. Food is nothing above average either.
3	Pros:Adana kebob is tasty. Other kebobs and gyros are supposedly good but haven't tried yet. Cons:Too pricy for such little portions!Rice is bland. Hummus is good but you only get @ 2 spoonfuls. Mint salad is just cucumbers, tomatoes, barely any mint or other flavors. Fast food feel to the restaurant based on ambience (or lack thereof) and cheap plastic plates. In short, it's the kind of place that is probably best at 2 a.m. after college kids are kicked outta the bars and need something substantial to soak up the alcohol they've consumed. So their quality may work for their location on Mill. Other than that, not worth a repeat visit.
5	Great customer service and food is phenomenal .. Very good.. I had Turkish food growing up, and this is great:)
2	The main reasons why I order often is because I work in the area and they deliver. Overall the food is good.  The chicken and beef kabobs are great, hummus and rice is ok and the salad is boring.  The portions are too small for the price.  You get lucky if you get the young kid or the husband to help you, they are very nice but the wife is super rude and unfriendly.
1	Eat first before you go!!!!Ok food, but kid portions, spent $90 for a family of four and left hungry!Added insult is 18% mandatory tip for parties of 4 or more( I thought the IRS changed the rule about that).So in short, first and last time!
5	Updating to 5 stars. I've been coming here now for a few years, it's become my default place in the Phoenix Metro for good, inexpensive food. Everything consistently good.  They served a new type of rice a few months ago, but last time I was there it was back to the old yellow rice ... not sure if they gave up on it. I preferred the new rice ... 'Turkish' style, they told me - white rice with small fried noodles broken up into it, if I recall correctly. Regardless - all good! It's a shame that Mill Ave is mainly focused on bars and 'cheap food'; this place would do well in a more refined environment.
5	The food is all so fresh and flavorful! The service is wonderful as well- so friendly and attentive. A great dining experience!
3	Food was very well cooked but service was far from good. We were just a party of three and the server charged automatically the tip to my card: when we asked he said he was doing that because most of their foreign customers don't tip so he had to teach them. He was being very rude and felt offended when I told him the tip amount was up to the client to decide.
4	I often have a self debate on which cuisine I would chose if I could only have one for the rest of my life.  It's an epic battle between Middle Eastern and Mexican, but a coaled fired pizza is a close contender.  So, when I was downtown I was stoked to see some Turkish cuisine.  I went for the chicken kabab, which is one of their specialties.  It was served with Basmati Rice sans my beloved vermicelli, hummus, salad and pita.  There were two skewers of tender, juicy, nicely marinated breast meat.  If it came with some toum, I would have been on cloud 9.  Another specialty is the doner, the Turkish version of a gyro, where they slice the meat off the spicket in front of you.  I'd come back for sure.
1	Great food.However I am severely lactose intolerant, so every time I come here I ask for the falafel plate with no dressing. Over half the time they put the dressing on the food.The first time I decided to just go with it, and I learned that if I eat the dressing I will be completely empty within an hour. I wish I could trust eating here.
5	I read a number of reviews with skepticism. My going at 3 PM today was based on the pictures and positive reviews. My expeience was 5+*s in everyway. The service was as if I were somebody or an expensive restaurant.The food was comparable with the best. I had the Bayti Kobob and while it was very good the rice was fantastic.The yogurt drink is wonderful. Turkish coffee superb and Baklava the best I have experienced. I appreciate hearing music something similar to the culture. It was at the proper level where it added rather than being bland or disruptive. In some reviews there were observations of portion size being small. I prefer quality over size but Bayti Kabob easily could have satisfied two discerning diners.
5	Easily the best food in Tempe!  The customer service is top notch,  your treated like family here. I've had just about everything on the menu and it would be hard to pick the best, but try the Adana kebab!
