4	Pretty good place.  They do korean hot dog fusion - never eaten at a place that did this.Tried their Angry Dog - which is a hot dog with pork bulgogi, jalapenos, slaw, and a creamy sauce.  I thought it was pretty good though maybe could use more seasoning overall.  Just could be a little bland at times.  Not salt necessarily but something spicy or tangy.  Just more.Chili Cheese fries - fries were cooked nicely for a chile cheese fry order.  A little crispy on the fries but not too much.  The chili was interesting - think it had corn in it.They have a pretty big menu so will go back and try more.  Definitely a keeper and definitely different.
4	I had to try this yest. The concept of a korean-fused hot-dog really lit up my interest. I have always been more of a brat kind of guy myself. I went for the smoked link. I wasn't sure if it was the slaw or the garlic mayo, but the combination was great. For a side, my intention was to just get some fries, but then I saw it.  WTH are Angry Kimchi fries?  Wow for $5 your mouth is screaming with flavor.  So if you got the fever for the flavor of kimchi...the fries are worth trying.
3	Hit Buldogis a few nights ago .  Perfect timing - hit the gym for about 2 hours, probably burned at least one hot dog so i went ahead and ordered 3...and some Angry Kimchi Fries.... but i only ate 1/2 of each dog ! I like the concept of this place - a lot of topping options - didn't really pay attention to the topping prices so not sure if reasonable.  I opted for the specialty dogs .The kimchi fries - didn't do much for me - the sweetness of the sweet potato fries dominated the overall taste - i was expecting some savory, some heat but i wasn't feeling it.The dogs ( all under $5 ) - The buckeye, chili cheese and the banh mi.  I liked the toppings on all three but i'm not sold on the hot dog itself.  Not sure if it's due to my taste buds being dulled by years of eating der weinerschnitzel dogs, am/pm dogs or the ultimate, slots of fun mega dogs or was it due to eating there just before they closed or maybe the hot dog ain't that good.  Given the creativity of the toppings and the good service, i think it's worth another try but if the dog still doesn't float my boat, sadly, there's no future for me and  Buldogi's.pics attached
5	Best dam hot dog place in Vegas.  It was everything I wanted and more.I was skeptical at first because the thought of mixing "asian slaw" (usually nasty) into a hot dog didn't sound too appealing but lo and behold...it turned out to be amazing.  I think the key part here is their bun.  A dry and incompetent bun usually ruins hot dogs for me.  Buldogi's buns were nice, soft and big enough to fit all the goodies.I'm coming back for sure to try the ANGRY KIMCHI FRIES!!
2	Ehhhhhhhhh... They need better buns... and actually they need better hotdogs. I can get a better dog @ Costco. Probably won't be going back anytime soon.. sorry guys.
5	This place is a fantastic find!  If you've lived elsewhere besides Vegas where people have a more diverse flavor for their food, this place will rock your boat!  Toppings such as garlic aioli, pork belly and sriracha chili sauce hit the spot just right.  An added bonus...everything costs $5 or less!The can't misses:Euro fries with a fried egg on topBahn mi dogGetting the next go around:Angry Kimchi Fries!The service is the icing on the cake.  People who love what they do and love their customers even more!  I would eat here everyday if I didn't end up weighing 300 lbs.  So I will just settle for once a week!
4	These guys are doing something interesting, and I like it.  Gourmet hotdogs with Korean style toppings.  I thought my lunch here was great, and my only wish is that they were closer to my job!I ordered the Angry Hotdog ($4.95), and the Angry Kimchi fries ($4.95).  The fries were actually sweet potato fries, covered in kimchi, an egg over easy, bulgogi, and Korean spices.  It had a small little bite to it that I actually would have preferred stronger.    The fries didn't come together so good for me.  I'm just not sure if the sweetness of the sweet potato goes with the spicy, meaty flavors of the bulgogi and Korean chili sauce.  They were good, but not great, and a little bit too greasy for me.  The hotdog, however, was bomb!  I don't even know what all was on this thing because I couldn't waste time on trying to figure it out.  I just wanted to eat it!  The hotdog was indeed gourmet and nothing like a 7-11 hotdog.  The buns were fresh and tasty (I confirmed with the owner that they get their buns freshly baked).  The bulgogi on the burger gave it such a beautifully savory flavor.  A really solid hotdog, again with a Korean style spice that really brought all the flavors together.  Even though it was a decently sized hotdog, the thing only lasted about 30 seconds.  I am not a huge hotdog fan, but these are really unique.  The price is right as long as you don't get carried away with the toppings, which are $0.50 - $1.00 extra.  I look forward to trying more of their specialty dogs.  The service was nice, and the owner was very interested to find out what we liked and didn't like so much.  I think this hotdog shop is going to be a success.
4	I sacrificed myself for this Yelp review. The fusion style dogs are different in a good way.  The Banh Mi Dog was great with the sirracha mayo and slaw but the Angry Dog; what did I do to you?  The sausage is spicy and delicious but add the hot sauce and jalapenos and my mouth was on fire.  Add more heat with the angry kimchi fries; OMG! (OK so I did add a side of jalapenos so this is kinda my fault).The fries (what I could taste) were overly sweet if eaten on their own.  Break the egg yolk and make a gooey mess out of the whole thing,  the heat abates and you have good eats. Note:  Unlike most of my reviews, this review is based on a single visit.Worth a try.
3	My wife and I tried it for the first time. Lots of options and I like the fact that they have a different take on hotdogs. We ordered smoked dog and it was tasty. The fries had some sort of lawry salt seasoning. Solid.However $4.95 for a hot makes you stop short. I know you're paying for good quality ingredients, but man...The hotdogs aren't huge, so if you're hungry, then you will pay at least $13 to $15 a person for 2 hotdogs, fries and a drink. That to me is a bit pricey.
5	Awesome, fun food! Made to order hot dogs with a ton of topping options. And they are big dogs and loads of fries! Everything is under $5 so it's affordable, but really quality ingredients and interesting flavors. The owners are there all the time so you know they are keeping it clean, fresh and welcoming!
4	Yum!Eyes were much bigger than the stomach!  Had to order 3 different specialty dogs to try them!  Definitely didn't finish.  The euro fries were awesome also.  So rich though.  The mayo sauces on top of cheesy meaty goodness is almost too much to handle.Definitely will be returning, just not until next month!
4	3.5 starsMy wife and I aren't hot dog fans. They're usually the last on our list of fast food choices but we couldn't resist checking this place out for food creativity sake. We got a chili cheese dog, a bulgogi dog using the vegetarian dog and the angry kimchi fries. My order of the bulgogi with vegetarian wiener seemed to perplex them so they let me know bulgogi was beef. I just didn't feel like having certain cow parts that evening :) Both dogs were really tasty. The bun wasn't a run of the mill and bought at Costco bun which made it feel more gourmet. I loved the flavor of the angry kimchi fries but I would've preferred regular potato over sweet. The staff and owner were really nice. They had made an extra bread pudding by mistake and gave it to us for free. The owner told us they make their pudding out of the 2 day old buns they buy direct from a local bakery in town. We had never tried it before since bread pudding always seemed like a way too heavy over the top kind of dessert in restaurants (bread before the entree....and after??) but liked the sweet caramel flavor of this pretty dense "cake".Bottom line is if you love hot dogs, you will love this place.
1	The food is bland. There is nothing bout this place that would make me want to come back. The service is crap and the cashier tried to convince me that they didn't remodel a few months ago. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Unless u want to spend your money on mediocre food.
4	It took a while for me to find the location -- it's in the movie theater lot but closer to Ft Apache...next to the Filipino store.   And I'm glad I made the effort... These guys are doing a neat twist on simple ingredients.  They're making a killing on food cost if they're managing things well.  I tried two today - and took half of each home.  (hint:  you need a "dogi" bag"!)    Their chili cheese dog is made with homemade chili - no beans (yay!), grated cheese and green onions.  The angry dog was the flavor winner but my bun was on the stale side...but I loved the flavor combination, the slaw, the spicy mayo and the fresh jalapenos...They fry their dogs...and the dogs are nice sized... Lots of interesting ingredients and combinations.  Whoever said their food was bland ordered blandly - this place is all about flavor...so ask the chef -- because he's definitely hospitable, large and in charge and very proud of what he's cooking.  Staff is proud to offer up tastes, too.  They take credit cards.  No beer.   Only open til 9. Their menu would be  a great food truck concept...so I hope they jump in and take their place, if only for marketing their restaurant all over town...because this isn't a location that is an easy find by any means... it would perfect on the strip though -- for late night eating after a night of serious partying -- f&b folks take note.  It's exactly the kind of fun food chefs love to eat after a hard night on the line -- with a few beers -- and that's only one demand generator...  This is a great concept in the wrong location - but it's a good way to get their feet wet...hopefully you'll go find them to help them work out the concept kinks so they can be located where they truly need to be.Good luck!
5	As a college student, when I see the words "Gourmet", I can feel my wallet shiver.However, I have had the pleasure of eating Gourmet Hot Dogs here in Vegas and around Los Angeles -- and Buldogis doesn't disappoint.Korean Fusion is only good if the chef knows what he's doing -- and the chef definitely knows what he's doing. I ordered two bulgogi dogs and one euro fries and had one of the best meals at work, ever. AND it doesn't break the bank.But even with good food, I was more surprised with how friendly everyone was. The Cashier, the Chef, and the Owner were all very inviting and made me feel comfortable ordering for the first time.So, what does that leave us with? Good Food and Good Service, at a Good Price; how can it get any better?!P.S. If you're looking for the place, it's hiding a bit north of the Jack in The Box next to Regal's Movie Theater on Sahara and Fort Apache.If you're a true Vegas kid, it's near that big beer brewing place that you've always wanted to go into, but never did.
5	On a whim decided to look for a good hot dog. Led to Buldogis by yelp I was not disappointed.  How could I go wrong with two (korean and hot dogs) of my favorite foods?  The place itself was clean and everyone was super welcoming.  Definitely a star for not being D-bags.  The dogs are delicious! Once I figured out how to get it in my mouth, I could not stop eating.  And the fries are so far the best I have had in LV.   Even with awesome food the prices sealed the deal.  Four gourmet dogs, a large order of fries and added toppings for less than 25 dollars.  This place must not be avoided.
3	On hotdogs, on kimchi, on-young!!This quaint hot dog spot brings a creative, Korean twist to red hots.  I love the menu and the variety in the menu, but was less thrilled with the actual product.  Like most red hot places, the majority of the space inside is dedicated to the grill.  This can make for a very hot room to eat in, so be warned.  The restaurant is neat and clean, with a couple things on the wall and a TV.  The staff was friendly and welcoming, and happy to explain the menu for those who inquire.The food:We had the Classic Buldogi, the Smoked dog, and the Bahn Mi dog.  Of the three, the Bahn Mi dog was flavorful and satisfying.  The other two left a lot to be desired.  I would rather have a good hot dog and good bulgogi individually if they are not complementing one another, and these did not complement each other.Angry Kimchi fries - This was a hot mess.  The flavors worked well together (sweet potato fries btw) but it was just so messy.  The fries became soggy very quickly under the heavy toppings.  Seasoned Fries - The fries had an odd aftertaste about them.  I think maybe it is cumin that I was tasting, but I'm not sure.  Either way, I'm not a fan of fixing something that isn't broken, and these fries would have been better senza the seasoning.  Overall Buldogis is an alright place, but with all the Korean fusion eateries around town, I'm not left yearning for seconds.
4	I was excited to have this place open close to home. I have been here twice so far. The first time my hot dog was a little too salty . I had the Hawaiian Dog which came with pineapple salsa, onions and honey Dijon mustard. It was good but my low tolerance for salt ruined it for me. I also tried the Euro Special fries which I didn't expect to be so big . It is comparable in size to Carne Asada Fries at Robertos. . The fries had bacon , herbs, Parmesan cheese and garlic mayo. This was again too salty for me. I didn't want to give up on Buldogis though...I wanted to give them another try. The second time around I ordered the Angry Dog but on a vegetarian dog. The girl taking my order wanted me to know this dog had Pork Bulgogi as one of the toppings. I told her I didn't mind. She was probably wondering why a vegetarian would want pork on their hot dog. I ordered the vegetarian dog in the hopes it would be less salty then their beef dog and I was right! The flavor was perfect! It still had the taste of a normal hot dog. My dog also had Asian slaw, jalapenos, and fiery sauce. It was delicious! They also threw in a second dog for free because they accidentally made the first one wrong. I thought that was nice since I was extra hungry. I also had a side of their classic Buldogis fries which was not as salty as their Euro Fries. I ended up eating one and a half hot dogs . I was so full but satisfied !
5	I have had a deep love of hot dogs my entire life, but Buldogis hot dogs are by far the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.  In less than two weeks, my family and I have been there twice and are already talking about what we will try next time.During our first visit, we tried the Bulgogi Dog, Hawaiian Dog, Puppy Dog and Euro Special Fries.  All were fantastic!  Looking at the ingredients on both the fries and hot dogs can be overwhelming, but trust that the man behind the counter will not do you wrong.  Every flavor component is artfully selected and carefully applied.Tonight, I tried the Buckeye Dog and my husband had the Southern Dog.  Again, just fantastic.  You must try them!Not only is the food amazing, but you cannot beat the prices especially when you consider the quality of the ingredients.  All of the ingredients are top notch and super fresh.Finally, the people at this restaurant are so nice!  I accidentally ordered the wrong hot dog for my husband, and when it came it looked so fantastic that he was absolutely content to eat it.  The server overheard us and quickly replaced the hot dog with the one he really wanted to try at no extra charge.  Tonight, the chef not only remembered my husband, but also what he ordered.This restaurant is exactly what it claims (and then some) - gourmet hot dogs.  You must try it!
4	If you love hot dogs, then you'll love this place! They've got turkey dogs, veggies dogs, and my favorite... all beef dogs! However, they're no ordinary dogs (though you can buy one that way). I chose the East Coast Dog that was topped with pastrami, sauerkraut, tomatoes, and their Buldogi mayo. My boyfriend chose two: one topped with teriyaki beef, roasted peppers, sesame seeds, and teriyaki sauce which, quite fittingly, was called their Teriyaki Dog. He, also, tried one of their specials of the day... the Philly Steak Dog (which wasn't on the menu). It had steak, peppers, shredded cheese, and Buldogi mayo. Then, to top off our order, we had some Euro Fries that were covered with pork belly bacon, herbs, cheese, and garlic mayo.I enjoyed my dog (I love me some pastrami and sauerkraut), but I wish they had used a more tangy sauerkraut rather than sweet. My bf's Teriyaki dog was amazing! He said that he'll, definitely, be getting that again (and I may get one for myself, too... yeah, it was that yummy)! The Philly was alright, but nothing that either of us would order in the future. He tried it out because one of the staff had suggested it and said that it was pretty good. The fries were pretty tasty. They were a little on the salty side, not because of the toppings, but I think because of the seasoning salt that was on the fries themselves. Next time, I think I'll ask for them lightly seasoned... just in case.There are so many hot dogs to choose from (and you can create your own, as well) that the bf and I have decided that we'll be back.  He wants to try out their Banh Mi Dog and I'd like to try the Buckeye.Overall, the experience was great! It helps that the owner and his staff were super friendly. From the minute we walked through the door to the time we got up to leave, we received excellent customer service.
5	Headed in for lunch.  This was my second time to buldogis.  Everything was even better this time around! It's really cute inside.  Clean and inviting.  Even though I've only been once before, the owner remembered and welcomed me back; that's always nice!I had the beef bulgogi dog, and we also tried the beer battered fried pickles and classic fries.  Part of the fun of eating here is watching everyone try to fit their loaded dog into their mouth and all the toppings falling into a pile.  It's messy and finger licking good.  The beef bulgogi dog was excellent.  It had korean bulgogi style beef on top with green onions, sesame seeds and a zingy mayo.  Yum!  The fried pickles were probably the best version I've ever had.  The gave us a zesty east coast mayo for dipping.  The fries were crisp and seasoned and we got bloody mary ketchup and bbq ketchup to spruce them up.  They have loads of fun flavor of mayo and ketchup which you can sample for just 25 cents a piece.  The hot dogs themselves are excellent and you can build your own if you are apprehensive about international toppings.  They are plump and juicy and all beef goodness.  My dad had a traditional chicago style dog and loved it.  They also have favorites like a chilli cheese dog, corn dog and so on.  The prices are super reasonable.  I fed all three of us, with drinks, for $23.Try this place with for a delicious and creative twist on an old favorite.
4	If you're coming here, you must get the Korean fusion dogs.  Otherwise, there's plenty of places to get a traditional hot dog.I've seen Korean fusion dogs in NYC, LA, and these will probably pop up in all the major cities. I ordered the Hawaiian dog and was extremely satisfied.  The pineapple salsa and honey dijon mustard provided great balance to the saltiness of the dog and the pork belly.......Oh man, the pork belly...if only they could crisp it a little more.....I don't care what you say...i 'll take pork belly however I can get it.  It's like bad or good sex.  Who cares - it's all good!Very tasty dogs - I won't take 6+ inches because I'm not that kind of guy but I'd take 12+ inches of their fusion dogs if they offered it!
4	My friend and I tried this place out today, and we both loved it. We loved the service, the girl at the counter was very friendly and came over to our table twice to ask how we were doing and to clean up our plates. I really didn't expect that at all since I thought it was a fast food place, but yay for service :D Also they didn't have something on the menu my friend wanted to order, and they were so apologetic for it even though we didn't think it was a big deal. They even offered to give it to us for free if we came back later for dinner or tomorrow. Seriously, it was awesome! Even places that charge $$$$ don't give me this type of service.Anyhow, onto the food. If you love hot dogs, I think you will love this place. I really liked my banh mi hot dog and my friend loved his smoked dog. They were huge and satisfying, we both left full. We also ordered the angry fries, which comes in a very big portion. We didn't finish it, but it was pretty good. We both thought there was too much going on with it though and that maybe it would be better if it was with regular fries instead of sweet potato fries (although I love sweet potato fries by itself). Give this place a try and see for yourself. :)
4	Can you say Angry Kimchi Fries?Don't worry, you'll like the dogs too, even if you are afraid to try their signature selections and go with a plain old ketchup and mustard one.But don't neglect to order the Angry Kimchi Fries - every time you come here.The Angry Kimchi Fries are one of the most imaginative side dishes offered in the Las Vegas Valley and they are a perfect compliment to just about any meal. Some of you may remember when McDonald's fries were like Crack (before they changed the something or other). Back in my college days, my girlfriend used to make me drive to McDonald's to get their fries, but then to some other place for the burgers. Buldogis' Angry Kimchi Fries are one of those 'have to have them with just about every meal' sides that will have you coming back - even if it's just to pick up the best side dish in town to go with your meal from some other place.
4	If you're looking for some unusual cheap eats, be sure to visit Buldogis. I recommend trying their Angry Kimchi Fries and their Buldogi dog. If you're familiar with korean cuisine, you might appreciate the fusion of kimchi and sweet potato fries and an all-beef dog topped with bulgogi. The over-easy egg on top of the kimchi fries might be too much for some people but you can opt out of it. Bring your friends here for lunch to show just how worldly you are.
4	The angry dog is insanely delicious. The best dog I have EVER had. Fries solid, dipped in their ho-made smokey, spicy mayo really brings them alive, and I am usually not a mayo and fry guy...nor a "frysauce" guy. Everything is pretty much made on the spot and the sample of the bean-less chili also made quite an impression. After all this, why am I still angry? Because they are not downtown! Though a little doggie told me that may be changing soon. Friendly staff, creativity in the kitchen, clean digs,,,yea,  just go and woof one down. Get a couple of extra napkins...you'll need em'. Update: upon second visit, I had the Euro Special Fries...Also a taste sensation topped with pork belly bacon, fresh herbs, cheddar, and garlic mayo.
4	In retrospect, as I put this in writing, I'm sort of embarrassed about the amount of food my friend and I ordered. 3 hot dogs and an order of fries? That SOUNDS reasonable, right? Oops, $20 worth of food from this place was enough to feed a small army. We looked like we hadn't eaten in a month. This is the first pieces of advice I have for you, Yelp - these little dogs are mighty filling and the fries are HUGE.We ordered the smoked dog, the hawaiian dog, the philly cheese steak dog (on special that month), and the euro fries. By the time we'd devoured the 3 dogs, there was no way we could even make a dent in the fries ! Each dog was loaded with meat and cheese and yummy sauces. So delicious! The dogs themselves were of very high quality and the buns were tasty as well. My only disappointment was that the philly cheese steak dog isn't around 24/7, because that was the best one we tried! Cute, clean place. Creative dogs. Friendly staff. Fair prices. Worth a try if you love hot dogs as much as I do!
5	After ordering the Hawiian dog and angry kimchi fries to go ,  I was amazed about the quantity, and quality of food I received. The dog was very tasty.  Similar in taste to a fried Polish that I had as a kid growing up in Chicago, only sweeter (it was great). The pinapple was in great balance making it sweet and savory (but not greasy). The kimchi fries taste and visualiztion was unique and the serving size was huge (its a large meal all on its own) topped with an easy cooked ( I couldn't tell if it was fried sunny side up, or poached) egg crowning this spicy and tasty treat. The service was great and it was good value and flavor for the price. Stop by if you have the opportunity..
4	If there was one good thing provided by the Las Vegas recession (which still appears to have no end in sight) it's this: more mom and pop/neighborhood food places. For years it seemed like the only option there really was for cheap and quick meals in neighborhoods were fast food chains you could find anywhere else. Thank god people have finally started "demanding" not so hoity-toity places and the supply is rolling in. Buldogis is one of the latest additions to what's possibly the first local trend or "Las Vegas reinvention" in 10 years that's actually doing some good in my humble opinion.The prices may throw one for a loop at first. I can testify to that. $5 for a hot dog is not my cup of tea, thankfully, there were pictures on display all over the restaurant. When it comes to hot dogs, I usually need at least two to fill me up. These didn't look like your ordinary hot dogs, at all, so I figured one would suffice. Wise choice on my behalf. I didn't want to get something TOO wild, it was only my first time here after all. I ordered a naked dog with caramelized onions, pork belly bacon, cheese and mustard with classic fries and a drink. Total: 8.86. Not bad. I was given a small sample cup of their chili while waiting for my food. It was courtesy of the chef since it was my first time here. At this point I was already beginning to fall in love with the place. The chili didn't have any beans, but it had a sweet taste sensation to complement the spiciness, so despite the fact it was bean-less, I was impressed. I already know what I'm going to order next time I visit. I automatically knew I was getting my money's worth when I saw just how big the meal was. Looking at the hot dog by itself, it's already officially the fourth best hot dog I have ever had (authentic Chicago-style, authentic NYC style and the hot dogs I used to get at the Gold Coast bowling alley all the time as a young'n are the only ones which were better). That hot dog with the toppings gave my taste buds an explosion of unique flavors I was not at all used to on the token "mystery meat" (which in the case of this restaurant is 100% beef, so what's in the hot dog isn't a mystery here). The mustard was a little bit too much, which is my fault as I was hesitant about adding that in the first place, not at all theirs. Otherwise, I was quite impressed. The fries were divine, with parmesan cheese, garlic and seasoning salt.The ambiance of the place does not match the "gourmet" in it's title at all, which, again, in my humble out of the ordinary opinion is a good thing. It's a very home-y place, it already looks and feels like it's been a local staple for years and the staff is very down to Earth, helpful and friendly. It's location is unfortunate though, not only is Village Square basically dying but it's in that corner building next to Chicago Brewery which faces away from the street, a building which doesn't have a good track record with businesses at all. That said, all of the rave reviews it has been getting here on Yelp and in various local periodicals make me optimistic for this place. The Final Verdict (something new I'm trying out for my reviews):Pros:Cheap considering what you get.Creative and experimental.Pretty damn good hot dogs.One hot dog can fill you up pretty well.Down to Earth ambiance.Cons:The dying shopping center it's located in. It seems like they use mayo all over the place. Yuck. Suggestions: Using the term "gourmet" in the name of the place is rather off-putting. It's not expensive, and it's far from pretentious. Buldogi's Quirky Hot Dogs would probably work better and be more reflective of the food and ambiance.Would I return? Absolutely.
4	Rice bowls are friggen huge and deliciousDogs are cray
4	Wow this place was busy during Friday lunch hour. I've been wanting to try this place ever since the first picture of Angry Kimchi Fries was posted. I like hot dogs too, so it was an easy decision to try this place out. I went with a coworker who expressed his doubts about the place yet reluctantly accompanied me. I will admit that if you get fries and a hot dog, it's rather pricey for lunch. He asked if they had combo meals...hehehe. I ordered the Banh Mi hot dog and the angry kimchi fries with a soda. My total came to $12 and change. He ordered the buckeye dog and the Euro Special fries. The place was packed so there was a little wait time for our food. The portions for the fries were huge. I could have ordered the fries alone and still not been able to finish. The banh mi hot dog was flavorful, but not enough to make it worth the $5 I paid for it. I've had hot dogs of equal taste at Sonic or Weinerschnitzel. My friend concurred on his hot dog as well. The fries however stole the show! The Angry Kimchi fries were packed with huge flavors, and just when I thought I had tasted it all, a new texture or spiciness punched me in the mouth. I thought the jalapenos were fresh and zesty. The kimchi was heated yet still maintained the crunchy veggie texture that I love. The sweet potato fries were salty, sweet and crunchy. The melted cheese sort of calmed the dish down, yet infused a nice melted gooeyness into it. The bulgogi was tender and mildly spicy. All together I loved the fries and will most definitely order them again. My friend's Euro Fries were also scrumptious. The pork belly combined with the garlic mayo was a perfect blend of fry toppings. I'll be back for the fries no doubt. Oh, and the service was top notch!
4	Ordered:Euro Special Fries ($3.95) - Bacon, fresh herb, Parmesan cheese, and garlic mayo. These fries look totally loaded (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_GTKAK6e56SFkA5klk_xqA/l.jpg). I'm not a big fan of bacon, but my brother tore it all up because he loves bacon. I really liked the fries with the herbs and garlic mayo though. They were nice and crisp.Bulgogi Dog ($4.94) - Bulgogi, Asian slaw, green onions, sesame seeds, bulgogi mayo. Don and I LOVED this hotdog. It was piled with ingredients and loaded with deliciousness. The hotdog itself was very juicy. The bulgogi was tender and the combination of Asian slaw, green onions, and bulgogi mayo added so much flavor. I will definitely be back. They have a lot of items on their menu and I'm sure they're all very tasty.
5	Okay, I have a pretty hearty appetite and so does the s/o.  So when everyone says to just order one hot dog, just order ONE!I ordered the Angry Dog, which was a hot dog, topped with spicy pork, slaw, chopped jalapenos and spicy mayo.  I'm not a fan of eating two types of meat at the same time, (i.e. Pastrami Hamburger) but damn, this was one good hot dog!  First off, the hot dog they used had to be one of the most flavorful, robust tasting dog I've ever had, hands down beating every hot dog/polish dog I've had at Costco and AT&T Park.  That was definitely some premium stuff, which is a major plus!  But paired with the spicy pork and the other stuff, it was so delicious!!!The s/o ordered the Banh Mi Dog and had the same sentiments about the quality of hot dog.  The s/o really liked the Banh Mi Dog, especially the slaw that it was served with.The s/o also ordered their Angry Kim Chi fries and I ordered their Classic Buldogis Fries.  The Classic Buldogis Fries had a light seasoning but, I'd definitely suggest going for the Angry Kim Chi fries.  We didn't know what to expect as to how it would taste so when it came out, it was one steamy pile of Korean inspired goodness, with fried egg on top.  Just grab a fork, mix it all together and have it.  That was truly one unique order of fries, none like we've ever had before.  Everything paired well together; the egg, the kim chi, the spicy pork, cheese and jalapenos.  You can say it's the Korean version of Carne Asada fries.I'd totally recommend checking out Buldogis if you're in their neck of the woods, it's definitely worth a visit, as we'll definitely come back when we're back in the LV!
2	Yeah i have to be that person who doesnt see what all the other Yelpsters see in this place. When i ate here i was actually excited to try this new spot based off the reviews of others and went straight for the angry fries of course and then a small Bulkogi bowl. The angry fries looked like an angry mess, i like the sunnyside up egg on top and i like the kimchi but the sweet potato fries and cheese etc just all became a soggy mess and i was kind of meh about it all. My Bulkogi bowl was so salty... i mean way way too salty. i think it was an overkill of soy sauce or something because i was struggling to finish it all. Too heavy in the green onions as well and the worst part of it was the amount gristle i had to chew through in such a small portion of meat. Every bite i had of this bowl had a small hard piece of gristle in my meat making it difficult to enjoy. The best part of my meal was the sweetened tea that they had on tap that was certainly needed because of my heavily salty meal. Maybe i should have ordered a hotdog but my brother said they were just "ok" so i went with something thats hard to mess up in a rice bowl, and that might have been my mistake. Ill probably not return, but on a positive note that maybe one less in line the followers have to wait on so they can get their food.
4	My friend and I came in for an early dinner before going to the movies. We drove around and kept missing it, but after a closer look at Google Maps, it is tucked away between Chicago Brewing Company and Jack in the Box.As soon as you walk in, there is a slew of employees ready to greet you. We were told to have a seat and look at the menu before going up to the counter to order. Aziz B. does not eat pork and I was becoming concerned because everything I was looking at had some kind of pig product. Turns out that my eyes tend to wander towards this beast, because he was able to find choices just fine. When Buldogis gets it right, they get it really right. Aziz B. was impressed with both his Chili and Bulgogi Dogs. Two of these large creations was enough to stuff him to the point where he barely touched our large fries. I had ordered two dogs as well. I found the hot dogs to be very flavorful, but borderline salty. The Banh Mi Dog was great in concept, but ended up not being my standout favorite. The pickled veggies did not have the sweet and tart bite that I love in a Vietnamese sandwich. The regular bun also detracts because an expected crunch is the best part about a Viet sub. The pickle juice also made the bun go soggy. It was a brilliant idea to reconstruct that texture with the crispy bacon, but then both meats just overpower the rest of the ingredients. I also wished that they used fresh cilantro instead of the dried stuff. Maybe this is why my friends don't go with me to Vietnamese places... Now on to why I give Buldogi 4 stars. The Angry Dog was everything I was hoping for. As the one I first ate, I hit my zenith early. The Asian slaw had a light sesame taste without over killing the harmony. The jalapenos and spicy mayo added the perfect amount of heat. The spicy pork on top was tender and plentiful. At first $4.95 for a hot dog might seem like a lot, but they pile the condiments on high. These are not skimpy portions. Two dogs teetered on the line of gluttony for me. Unlike my friend, I finish our fries($2.25). Now that I have tried their hot dogs, I want to come back for their rice bowls. It is beneficial to take a look at their specials wall. It is not on the menu, but hard to miss.
4	This place is like bachi burger, but for hot dogs. You get great topping portions for the price. You get a ton of interesting flavors you never thought you'd get with a hot dog. I had the hawaiian dog which was packed with pineapple salsa and pork belly. It had a great sweet/salty balance. The staff was also very friendly and knowledgable. One of the employees was explaining the menu and you could tell he took pride in their food which they should. I'll Definitely be back.
5	Now when I heard that it was Korean style Hot Dogs I was like yeah right, I will never like something of that combination. Finally went in there tonight and got the Teriyaki Dog and it was amazing! I got a turkey dog instead of a beef one which was a good choice because the turkey tasted just like a regular dog. Then its topped with teriyaki beef, roasted peppers, and I added caramelized onions. This is coming from some one who only eats chili dogs or plain hot dogs, so trust me when I say give this place a chance. The prices are very decent and the food comes out quick and hot. I hope more places pop up like this one.
5	H.O.L.Y  S.M.O.K.E.S This place is amazing. I got the buckeye dog and the euro fries. My sister got the west coast dog and the chili cheese fries. Everything was amazing. The fries were cooked perfectly which is a huge thing for me. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The dogs had a great snap to them and the toppings were amazing. I hate when I get soft, limp bacon (hee hee that sounds dirty) and every piece I got on my food was crisp and amazingly delicious. I want to go to this place for lunch and dinner. Its amazing.
5	Love, love, love Buldogis! I don't consider myself a "hot dog" guy by any means and quite honestly, they've always been a "take it or leave it" type of food for me. That is, I would only eat them if there was nothing else...  Well, I can honestly say that Buldogis has completely changed my opinion on hot dogs.Quite honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect when I entered Buldogis, but what I found while I was there were some pretty phenomenal things - great quality ingredient being well prepared for a great price. When I bit into my first dog, I couldn't believe that I was paying just $5 for really, really gourmet flavors.Check this place out if you consider yourself the adventurous type. Hell - Check them out even if you're not. This place is great!
4	We had heard of Buldogis from fellow yelper Anthony S, but had never made it out there because it was so far from where we live. One random day, Kalila and I found ourselves on that side of town and took advantage of it by finally trying this place out.My favorite food is hot dogs, so I definitely had high standards and high expectations.I ordered the beef buldogi dog and kaliia had the banh mi dog. We also got the chicken wings with a side of asian ginger sauce.The beef bulgogi dog was very delicious and flavorful. The meat was tender. The bulgogi mayo was a great compliment to the hot dog.Kalila's banh mi dog was really good as well. The sriracha mayo was perfect for her. Not too spicy and not too mayo-y. The pork belly and banh mi slaw worked well with the hot dog.The hot dogs themselves are thick and juicy. Each hot dog is really loaded up with its' toppings so you get your money's worth... if not more.The chicken wings were not anything special. I was looking forward to the asian ginger sauce being something similar to the asian zing sauce at buffalo wild wings, but it wasn't even close. The asian ginger sauce was more like an oil and you could barely even taste it. Somewhat of a disappointment since their hot dogs were so good that the same amazement couldn't transfer over to the chicken wings, but it's ok. You're not really ever going to go to bulDOGis for chicken wings. You will go and get hooked on their amazing hot dogs.I just couldn't resist another hot dog. I then ordered the buckeye dog. The corn relish was the business. The bacon was crispy. It was awesome all around.They have a large menu and plenty more foods to try.Aside from the menu behind the counter, they have an additional menu of specials written on a chalkboard wall to the left.There are clean restrooms inside (separate men & women, individual use).They have 2 tv's and if you ask for the remote, they will allow you to change the channel. We watched the rebels lose to SDSU. Our stomachs were happy, but we left heartbroken.MUST TRY THIS PLACE.
4	Probably 3.5 stars.  Staff was really nice, restaurant was really clean.We had a Chicago dog and a chili dog.  Both were really tasty, especially the spicy hot peppers on the Chicago dog.  On the advice of other yelpers, we ordered the angry fries.  Neither of us were a fan.  They were a greasy mess.   Not a fan of the bulgogi or really anything about these fries.  Would maybe go back for the dogs though.
3	This place is pretty good. I had the Hawaiian dog on turkey and my bf had the angry dog on beef.I also ordered the jalapeno beer battered pickle spears that were on special were a fail. They were frozen and no jalapeno that i could find, the pickle fell right out of the batter burning your face.The dogs themselves were great the Turkey frank was big and juicy and they don't skimp on  the toppings.  loaded fries were very good too. The fries were also frozen fries but the toppings made up for them. The service is very friendly and we will defiantly be back ordering less food because we ordered way to much the first time around.About $24 for two dogs fries pickles and a drink.
4	It would be weird call myself a connoisseur of hot dogs, but when it comes to this ballpark staple, my expertise is, well, pretty expert. Stumbled across Buldogi's on Yelp after putting out a search for hot dogs and after accepting the fact that it's in Summerlin, I made a trek out to see what the hot dog hype was about. What I love most about Buldogi's is that they have these awesome, uniquely inspired toppings on a quality hot dog and they don't skimp on those toppings. Kimchi? Check. Sriracha mayo. Check. Roasted garlic mustard. Check, check. Banh mi slaw? I DIE. The possibilities are endless! While I'm not quite a fan of some of their fusion dogs because all of that meat is even too much for me I can totally appreciate how creative and abundant the toppings are. My favorite is the classic chili dog-yes, chili is full of meat, but there's something less daunting about it than strips of straight up beef or pork belly. The chili here is probably better than most chilis you've ever had-and to think they make it just to top hot dogs and french fries with-that's some dedication right there. What I am a fan of is the plain old dog. Could I eat it plain? Yup. Do I ever? Nope. There's too much to try at Buldogi's and while one of their dogs could stand alone, I love to experiment and the range of toppings they have are as generous as they are unique. These dogs are so good that I'm tempted to try their very unorthodox turkey dog. I know, I shook my head myself too. But that's how good their hot dogs are-good enough to make you think they could make a turkey dog that will change your view on turkey dogs! They also offer tofu dogs....but I'm not gonna go there.The service is friendly and helpful and you can call orders in ahead of time, so you don't have to wait (some orders, like the Euro fries, can take a bit). The space is small but very clean and if you do have to wait there's a TV and a very colorful and information-packed chalkboard with the day's specials and all kinds of fun drawings that will keep you just as entertained as watching the TV.I guess one could make the argument that 4.95 is pricey for a hot dog. However when you look at the major factors of quality and quantity, you could easily say that you're getting your money's worth and then some. Like I said, the hot dogs aren't your standard franks-Buldogi's is giving the people what they want and it's 100% beef!Buldogi's has been added to two very exclusive lists of mine called "places I'll drive across town lunch for" and "foods I will eat while driving at the risk of others and my outfit."
4	Las Vegas is an anomaly, so it's fitting that Buldogis is located here; their mix of a ball park staple and Korean influences may seem a bit conflicting but it gives those who are willing to try a tasty surprise. The restaurant is small but clean and welcoming. One of employees immediately greeted us (my co-worker and I) with a welcome and explained some of their items.I ordered an Angry Dog (with extra jalepenos) and fries. What came out was a hotdog piled with vuliminous portions of spicy pork, slaw, and jalepenos. My poor bun succumbed to the weight of the toppings and fell apart. The use of utensils is inevitable. Amidst the mountain of toppings, I could still taste the salty goodness of the hotdog. My fries were excellent; they were crisp and seasoned. However, I could barely finish all my food. I left gassy yet satisfied.
5	One word "Delicious!". Had the Buldogis dog with kimchee. The hot dog was perfect. All beef, not too salty and grilled to perfection. The kimchee was fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back and try the other menu items. Did I mention that the prices are great too!
4	Awesome locally owned business, the smoke house dog was awesome!!
3	Well, they are hot dogs, not the 2nd coming of the next culinary "where have you been all my life" foodie experience. Let's just set the field, first. Hot dogs, people.Angry Dog. Tasty. Bahn Mi dog was eh ok. Chili Cheese fries were also meh. The kim-chi had a fishy aftertaste. Am not sure if that's normal (was my first kim chi) but it was not something I'll go for again. But the big takeaway was this: I was MAD THIRSTY all flippin' night. In fact - I kept waking up through the night dying of thirst. So thirsty I had trouble falling asleep. Are we talking metric ton of MSG? Something else? I have no idea, but that's not a good sign. Tasty, sure, as much as any hot dog. Definitely scared off from the thirst-o-rama. To end on a positive note, the service is completely 5-star. Great guys behind the counter and at the stove.I think I'm still thirsty... :-(
3	A few things that were good: customer service and the angry kimchi fries.While the place has a good concept in fusing Korean flavors with ballpark classics, it is useless if the flavors are lacking. When my orders came out, they looked highly tasty, appealing, and delicious. However, they turned out pretty bland. I want to suggest them to followthrough with the actual "fusion" and not just put beef on top of a hot dog in a bun. There's always room for improvement.
5	This place is yum!  I've been here twice and I got the bulgolgi dog and the pork belly dog.  Both were fantastic.  They put plenty of meat on top of the dog, so we were really full and couldn't finish our heaping plate of chili cheese fries, which were also delicious.  The bun of my  bulgogi dog fell apart because there was so much meat on it, so I ended up eating it with a fork and a knife.  I jokingly said told the waitress about it when she asked me how my food was.  I didn't mind the bun falling apart really, but she insisted that she would bring me another one, but there was no way I was going to eat it because I was full.  So instead she gave me some bread pudding to go, which was super nice of her.  They went totally out of the way to make sure we were happy.
3	Didn't live up to the hype of some of these reviews. I LOVE the whole culinary fusion trend that's been going on the past few years  but Buldogis didn't WOW me like some other fusion places (komex, bacci burger, even the LA food trucks - kogi truck!).  The hotdogs were ok (ordered the buldogi and the angry dog). of the two, the angry was a bit tastier and had more flavor. A bit messy to eat as there's so much topping, you had a lot of spillage.Although the specialties are the hotdog, the Loved the fries so much more. The Angry Kimchi Fries were amazing! Sweet potato fries with kimchi, cheese, jalapenos, and an egg on top! mix is all up for an amazing "side". I think next time i'll just order this as the portion is huge!Euro fries were ok. Not that great either, the pork belly "bacon" could have been crisper but the cheddar and garlic mayo were a good touch.I would eat here again but it would not be my first choice.  It's not bad by any-means, it just didn't punch me in the face with deliciousness.I say, try it once just to say you tried it and decide for yourself!
4	Enjoyed the Angry Dog... although it did have a lot going on and was a mouthful, literally... and the Euro Fries - amazing.  Made the mistake of over-ordering and had leftovers for days.  Don't judge.. I like leftovers.  Fun little joint with peppy people.
4	Hello? How come no one thought of asian fusion hot dogs any sooner? Well, I'm glad they did and I'm glad I've moved to the city that houses this awesome restaurant.  The only downfall was how some of our orders took HELLA time to get to us. Possibly because we came with a party of 12 and then another big group came. Although the server was nice, she was kinda messing up on the orders and giving ours to other people first before us. Most of our food did get to us but I don't want to knock down a star... I really could tell she was trying her best and there was two big groups of people. There shouldn't be any excuses. But hey, the food was good!I choose to go with Naked Dog (where you get to dress it up with all kinds of fixings) and choose to add the Short Rib Bulgogi meet, banh mi slaw, fried eggand bulgogi mayo. Holla!!! The bread was sweet and delicious almost like a hawaiian sweet roll hot dog bun. And those ANGRY KIMCHI FRIES, have mercy on me! Delicious. Weird though, cause I actually liked them as leftovers the day afterward too.You gotta try this place. Seriously!
5	best of the best in las vegas.!!
3	It seems like nowadays clothes/style are not the only thing with trends.  Asian fusion is hot, new and exciting.  Commonly found on the food truck scene across America, chefs are mixing asian infused flavors into traditional foods americans love.  Since i've been a fan of the korean burrito and tacos in Hawaii, I was excited to try Asian Fusion Gourmet Hot Dogs in Las Vegas.Firstly, if you are a tourist, this may be quite the adventure since it is ways away from the strip.  My buddy who I was boarding with lives on the west side and thus it wasn't too much of a trek for us to try this place out.The menu has great descriptions of the dogs and what is inside them: http://buldogis.com/menu.htmlHere's what we ordered:Beef Buldogi Dog ($4.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ZfTTD5yedeSkVfWzp3Si_g&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-XvgBanh Mi Dog ($4.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cBGBzIk754zhaSoUBGNgDw&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-XvgChili Cheese Fries ($3.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6mhcXPCr1_XPDDLOK22wrQ&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-XvgEuro Special ($4.75): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9iZ8HwVxJW438frdfSKgig&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-XvgBoth of the hot dogs were not bad, my buddy and I really enjoyed the sriracha mayo on the banh mi dog.  It gave a great kick and flavor to the hot dog.  The gourmet hot dog did not blow me away and the ingredients were good separate but together it just did not work for me.  The bun on the hot dog was probably my LEAST favorite, it almost tasted stale and was just underwhelming.The fries were tasty.  Definitely enough for 2 - 3 people per order.  These fries are fork fries though.  You can use your hands but it is much easier to get the toppings and the fries together if you use a fork.  Personally the fries were decent but I'd take animal style fries from In-n-Out over these fries any day.  My buddy and I were gonna try the angry korean fries but we didn't like the thought of sweet potato.Overall, its a nice joint with very friendly staff and decent prices.  The food is good, but not quite blow me away, venture all the way from the strip good.  *** PEANUT ALLERGY PEOPLE - please be careful if you ordered what we ordered because my friend has a mild sensitivity reaction to peanuts and his lip swelled up from something he ate. Please be careful!
5	TOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!!!i love the hotdog fused with korean dish. especially the BEEF BULGOGI DOG!!! its big hotdog with beef bulgogi meat with tasty mayo sauce on top with couple of topping to make this dish toooo goood to be true. It just melts in your mouth. Best combination ever. I would recommend eating here every single week.
5	Forget your diet when you come here. Your initial thought when seeing any of their hot dogs is how am I going to finish this? It's too big! Once you devour the last bite, you want more. It is that good and not as big as it looks or I'm a fatty. I tried a few of their hot dogs- Bulgogi hot dog, West Coast dog, angry dog, etc. Their angry kimchi fries are wonderful as well. There's a hangover chicken soup and bulgogi bibimbap that was OK at the time but I wouldn't order it again. I think I'll just stick with their hot dogs and fries. Not only do they serve delicious fusion hot dogs, the employees are quick to greet you, always professional, the restaurant is in a casual setting, and it doesn't take long to get your order.
4	Love the bulgogi dog, that's what I get every time because it is so good! I have tried other options but the bulgogi is still my favorite. Oooooh and the chili cheese fries- Yum! Served as a mountain of fries and homemade chili.
5	Fantastic hot dogs! I have had the East Coast (hot dog, sauerkraut, and pastrami) and the Beef buldogi and both were great. Also, the chili cheese fries are exceptional - they make their own chili. The restaurant was clean and the service was very fast. Great, friendly people with top notch food. Highly recommended.
4	I've only been here once, but the Hawaiian dog has got me hooked. I'm tempted to go back and get just that dog again, but I really should be trying their other stuff.My friend told me it's really hard to finish the kimchi fries (or something of the sort) because there's just too much.I'll most likely be looking to try some of their small items and see how it goes, but we'll see.
5	Great food!  We've been here twice in three weeks. Next time I'm ordering angry fries!!My only complaint is that the music is a bit loud.  As it is trendy Top 40, it can be a little annoying listening to Rhyanna while enjoying a lovely meal.
5	Buldogi's, my dude!  It combines things that I love and turns it into something I love more!   I got the Angry Dog and my wife got the Puppy Dog plain(how cute)  seriously, it was like the size of my thumb.  Enter, Angry Dog!  Imagine:  a hot dog topped with pork(?!) bulgogi, jalapenos, slaw, and sriracha mayo drizzled over the top and nestled !  I've never had pork bulgogi until I had an Angry Dog, it reminds me of Tocino, the awesome Filipino breakfast meat.  So all these flavors come together like Voltron and kick hunger's ass!   It was spicy enough what with the jalapeno and the sriracha, but it wasn't so crazy that I couldn't eat it.  Came here with 3 other people, incl. my wife, and we all got something different, but we all left the same way, distended, full, what have you.  Well, except for my wife.  She was just happy with her portion size.  I dunno.  Good stuff, Buldogi's!
5	This place is great. My family has enjoyed everything we've ordered. I love the Angry Dog with kimchi and all the different fries. Customer service is great. The chef (owner?) is a really friendly guy.Also they sell three different vegetarian wieners.This is the only place I've ever been to that serves you food sexier than the food pictured on the menu.
5	Hungry one late afternoon in Vegas, we decided to go off strip and try one of Minh's bookmarks that he had. Hot dogs sounded like they would totally hit the spot since i had been craving them for the past week!Located in a large shopping center (it can be a bit tricky to find this place, as we were lost for a moment on the other side of the center). If you keep a look out for Chicago Brewing Company you are in the right spot my friend just look to your left err right and you will see it!Walking up to Buldogis I noticed outside that they are pet friendly, a huge water bowl sat outside just waiting for the next thirsty doggy to come by. As we entered, we were greeted by a friendly hello from the cashier, the menu is posted above the register, but they also have menus on the tables if you do not feel like standing in front of the register with an I-don't-know-what-to-have look on your face.There is a lot to choose from and for a first timer like me, I was going back and forth with myself on what my final decision would be to order.I settled with getting:Buckeye Dog- Pork belly bacon, Corn relish, Cheddar cheese, and Garlic Mayo.We also ordered small fries, which had Italian Herb Parmesan cheese, and other special spices that they kept a secret from us!After we placed our order, we sat down and waited for our food to be prepared. The dining area is on the smaller side but cozy. Two large plasma TV on each side of the room were showing either Food Network or The Travel channel. Our food was brought out to us by the cashier, it looked and smelled great. Let's dig in because I am hungry!My Buckeye dog was huge; they piled on the topping and left no empty spaces between the hot dog and the super soft bun.First intention was to just pick it up and bite into it as I usually do with a hot dog except I could not find a perfect spot to sink my teeth into. So I had to cut into that sucker with a knife and fork and eat it that way. The dog was juicy and not greasy at all. Warning if you are not careful half the toppings will either land on the table or in your lap, it's that messy!!The small fries were enough for two people to share and came with ketchup to dip the fries into.We left full and happy!  Great customer service Buldogis!!!!
5	Love, love, love this place!  Not the biggest fan of hot dogs but not to worry, they have tasty rice bowls, too!  I tried the super bowl.  It has beef bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, and sesame chicken. Only $8.95. Not too spicy.  I really dig it!  But impossible (at least for me) to finish.  Not to worry - leftovers!  Three meals for $8.95.  Not bad at all.On another visit I tried the angry kimchi fries which were pretty darn good, too.  Spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, cheese, jalapenos, all topped off with a fried egg.  Yummy!Another bonus - really nice people running the joint.  We showed up at 8:57pm on a Tuesday when they close at 9pm.  Greeted with a smile, no issues whatsoever.  Fast service, great food!
5	Live right down the street from this place, and it has tempted me for weeks, until one fateful day I pushed the guilt aside and wandered in.Its a small local place with typical fast food seating or call in and take a dog to go. While looking at the menu and the unofficial menu drawn on the wall, the friendly guy behind the counter suggested the Hawaiian dog it....It was everything i wanted and more! Made to order pork dog smothered in a 5 cheese blend with green onions, pineapple and fried pork belly bacon.....soooo good, i should have got 2 and for 5 bucks a piece i could:) If you havent been yet please try this its a gem:)
4	A plethora of hot dog options. Asian fusion, Chicago, etc.  The guy mentioned that the chili is made there, so I couldn't pass up a chili dog.  I asked for a hot dog with cheese for my 10 year-old daughter because she hasn't cultivated a sophisticated palate yet.I love my chili dog.  Personally, I would have liked more spice in the chili, but it was substantial.  The dog inside was good and made of natural beef.Buldogis would have earned five stars from me, but they guys weren't very helpful with me when ordering for my daughter.  After asking for a simple hot dog with some cheese, they gave her a hot dog with relish, mustard, ketchup (none of which she will eat,) and no cheese.  We scraped off all the condiments, but she wan't too into the dog at that point.  It was a simple mistake, but one that I had to pay for.
5	Good fusion with hot dogs and Korean food.  Been here more than a couple of times and still love it! part of my routine food places I visit :D
4	There's already a great Asian infused burger place in Vegas. An Asian infused hot dog place would be just as great. This place has been on my radar for awhile, so I didn't hesitate trying it on my last trip.Originally it was just hot dogs, but they've expanded their menu to include rice bowls and other things. There's a giant wall menu you can look at, just don't make it seem like you're staring at the guy eating against the wall.Banh Mi Dog - Who would've guessed I would order the Vietnamese style dog right? It was topped with Pork Belly and the typical banh mi goodies. I added a fried egg for only 95 cents. The hot dog was big, long, and delicious. http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/PxZvs_y-iYK_wALRJeXmMA/l.jpgThe gf and I shared an ordered of fries. Typical fries. I'll have to try the Angry Kimchi fries next time.If this place were in Cali, it'd be on a food truck and competing with Dogzilla.
4	I'm not a big hot dog eater, but when I do I want a quality dog. Knowing how much the hubby loves hot dog I've been trying to get him to go for a while. Now I think he may set up a tent outside their door!Small restaurant but comfortable and bright. The chef is awesome, helped us figure out what to order, told us about how everything they make is fresh (which you can taste), also talked a bit about foods around the world.So we got the Hawaiian Dog, Buckeye Dog, and the West Coast Dog with Beef Bulgogi...They were all yummy, the West Coast looked delicious and was huge but was too spicy for me but my hubby loved it. The Buckeye was my favorite, the garlic mayo made the dog. Specialty dogs cost about $5 each which is a good price IMO for a gourmet hot dog. They don't skimp on toppings.Bonus, in the ladies room, they have a box of butt wipes. LMAO.I can't wait to go back, gotta try some fries and maybe some wings or a bowl.
4	So I read Misti's review of this place on Wednesday (she knows good food) so I had to try and did so the next day!Angry KimChi Fries - Wow, what a plate of food. Layers of different flavors that provide one great explosion of taste in your mouth! Sweet potato fries, topped with bulgogi pork, cheese, jalepenos, kimchi and a fried egg... easily two meals..My girlfriend ordered the beef bulgogi without the dog... I had a bite.. YUM!  Tender beef with a hint of sweet soy and asian slaw wrapped in a tender bun. Definitely what I am getting the next time!Bread pudding is my all time favorite dessert, so we had to give theirs a try. Flavor of the pudding was great. The sauce on top was ok, kind of tasted like pancake syrup. If you like dense bread pudding, this is the one to eat!The service was good. We were immediately greeted when we entered. Both the cashier and the owner gave suggestions on what all we should try. While we were there it did get busy, and you could tell that things were backing up. However that is to be expected when you are cooking made to order. I think some of their customers don't realize that... The location for me was hard to find, but not for many. There was a steady flow of customers coming in the entire hour plus we were there. Looking forward to going back and trying more flavor fusion!
5	The Philly Dog is really good. I wasn't even hungry, and I ate half of my husbands dog. Chef Caesar is the bomb.
4	This place is awesome!  Decent place to get hotdogs versus overpaying at Pink's on the Strip.  Service is great and ordering is made easy.  The chili cheese fries with an egg is amazing.  Serving was big and made fresh.  Enjoy the variety of toppings to add.  Good place to eat with friends and get creative building a decent hotdog.Place is clean and easy to find.  Parking is a plenty.
5	What a fun place!Hubby has been wanting to go here,so we went just before picking up kiddo from school on Thursday.He got an angry dog and I got west coast dog. Delicious...I can't wait to try the santa fe,he want to try dragon next time.Each dog averages $5 and the small fries is enough to share with someone. WHen I checked in,it gave me a yelp deal too. I will use it next time, I checked in after I paid. O well,more incentive to return!
5	SO GOOD.  Large menu of "regular" hotdogs, specialty dogs (Angry Kimchi Dog!!), and rice bowls.  My Angry Kimchi Dog was fantastic and had generous amounts of bulgogi and kimchi sitting on top of the actual hotdog.  Party in my mouth.  Fun atmosphere and helpful staff = enjoyable dining experience.  Everything on the menu is under $5.  Portions are generous but everything is so yummy that it's not hard to eat everything yourself.  :)
4	How could it be that this place was next to Chicago Brewing Co. and I just now found out about? So there I was, looking for a new place to eat where I could bring my little doggie and came across this spot on Yelp. Buldogis already scored big points with me for being dog friendly. They provide you with a table top and also have a community water bowl for your dog(s).  I tried the veggie and veggie Italian dog. They have the option to make any of their dogs into a veggie or turkey dog. Awesome! Definitely try the Italian dog. The tomato sauce, chopped tomatoes, green & red peppers and cheese is a yummy melody of food in my mouth.Aside from their main menu, don't forget to check out their house specials they have written out on their whiteboard.
5	HOT DOG!!    So I have been to Buldogis several times now and love it. At first, being a Hot Dog fan I was a little timid about the whole Korean Hot Dog fusion. I couldn't be more wrong.   I have eaten Hot Dogs all over the world and this is now one of my top favorites, so much so that the chef knows me as soon as I walk in now.    First up; I had a West Coast Version not on the normal menu. It had a spicy link, bulgogi, bacon, pico de gallo, cheese, and chipotle mayo if I remember correctly. Ask the chef, Caesar, for the one that's like a Santa Fe but with Bulgogi instead of chili. IT WAS THE BOMB!!   Speaking of bombs, want a little heat? Try the Dragon  Dog! A delicious and hot spicy dog that will have you weeping with joy. (Ok if you like heat, it's pleasant)   The Chicago dog, another delicious dog here, and a staple for hot dogs, is done justice.  The peppers have bite, but not too hot for you tender tongues. The peppers, and pickles were perfect. Relish, pickles, peppers, tomato, onions, celery salt, and mustard.   Heading to another U.S. city influenced dog, we try the Philly. The Philly was great, while I thought it needed a little more cheese, (both for flavor and to hold it together) my wife, a PA. native loved it, sooooo....nuff said.   The Buckeye was another great dog I've tried there. Like the Philly, there's no spice here, just a delicious dog with great toppings. Pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo.   The fries are also fantastic, but the orders are large, so make sure to save room for more than one dog as you will want one. We've had the Euro special, pork belly bacon, fresh herb, cheddar cheese, and garlic mayo. Oh, did I mention they make all the mayo's fresh in house? Well I just did.    So if you looking for a great dog, you have to go here. The dogs are delicious. They pile the toppings high, but even still, you will want a second. And with the dogs priced cheaper than a ball game, New York street cart, or even a fast food burger, you have to go for it.P.S. I have uploaded pics of all my dogs to Yelp, so go check em out!
4	So after all the fan fare I made it out here finally.  It takes me about 20 to 30 min to get out here so we were a bit on the late side getting there.  We got there at 20 to 9 and it looked like they were almost cleaned up.  I felt so bad making a mess right before close.  But we were greated with a very nice hello and what can we get you?  No eye rolls or sighs at all!  Nice guys!  So we had 4 people and wanted to cut some in half to sample a few.We ordered the Beef Bulgogi Dog, the Banh Mi Dog, the West Coast Dog, the Angry Bowl, the Angry Kimchi Fries and the Fried Pickles.  Put it this way we went a bit over board!  But we have heard so much we really wanted a sampling.  The Dogs hmm... I don't eat a whole lot of dogs but WOW, they popped when you bit into them and had a subtle smokey flavor then the fusion on top just kind of set it off!  The cook said they changed the way they make it recently and started to put the sauce on top.  I thought it made it look amazing but also helped hold the toppings on a bit.  The dogs were Great!The Angry Kimchi Fries were a nice change I enjoyed them, however the BF didn't like the sweet potatoes he would have preffered regular potatoes.  I thought the sweet potatoes were a nice compliment to the spice of the kimchi on top.  The fried pickles sadly I have been ruined for life for fried pickles.  I will never again have the satisfaction of the pickles I had on a trip to the east coast. :(  The batter had good flavor but it was thick on top of the pickle which in turn took away from the flavor of the pickle.  The dipping sauce for it was great!  The decor is nice and bright and made me smile the staff is super nice!  So the verdict is I will come back the BF says he wouldn't drive out there for it but I do the driving so I guess we'll be back!
4	This place is in the same complex at my work so when my cousin wanted to get some food we came here.  First off, the banh mi hot dog was amazing.  I didn't get a specialty dog.  Not that I didn't want to, I'm just addicted to corn dogs.  It was  a chicken corn dog and it was quite tasty.  Finally, the kimchee fries with a fried egg and it was ANGRY!  It's a cute little joint and I loved the fact that I could just order.  Sometimes, I just don't need to deal with a server.  The staff is very friendly.
5	W-O-W!!!  Hubby and I are SO GLAD that I found this gem of a place on Yelp!!!  We wanted Korean food while visiting Vegas and this place popped up and after seeing pics and reading reviews we just knew we HAD to try this place.We got: Bulgogi Hotdog, Banh Mi Hotdog, and Euro Fries with Kimchee added.  Everything was AMAZEBALLS!!!We LOVED the Bulgogi hotdog.Can't wait to return to Vegas and eat the other items on the menu.
4	Me & my husband were looking for something new last night and upon reading reviews, we decided to go here. First off, the girl at the register was super friendly. Just wanted to state that(:I ordered the Hawaiian dog and he ordered the chili cheese dog.The Hawaiian dog was yummy, I expected it to be sweeter though because it had pineapple salsa.. but it wasn't. My husband said that his chili cheese dog was good too. He didn't seem super impressed though.Even with all the toppings, I could taste the hot dog's flavor and I could tell that it definitely can stand on its own. Usually with stuff like this, they just dress up an ordinary hot dog with a bunch of stuff.. but this is not the case with Buldogis. We will definitely go back and try their different dogs. And I especially want to go back and try the angry kimchi fries everyone is talking about.
5	Went to Vegas again Memorial Day Weekend but this time with my girlfriends so wanted them to try this place since LOVED it so much when I came with hubby.This time tried the Angry Dog and just as amazingly deelish!!!Friends got Chili (homemade by Buldogis) Dog, Bulgogi Bowl, Fries, and again the Euro Fries with kimchee added and they LOVED it too!   My 2 friends who had the Chili Dog said the chili was very good! One of them is not even a hotdog fan and loved it :)IF you are EVER in Vegas THIS is a MUST!!!
5	I was a little skeptical as I'm not a huge fan of hotdogs but i was completely intrigued by the fact it was Korean styled hot dogs and i just had to try. This fusion was by far definitely worth the try and i was impressed. I wound up ordering the Angry fries, bulgogi hot dog and the banh mi dog thinking they weren't going to be that big but when i got them i just could believe what i ordered. I had to try each one but i wound up bringing a lot home as well. The workers there were very helpful and friendly and i was impressed with the service and food quality and creatives of these creation. Def a place to try and prices are reasonable as well.
4	Not gonna lie, This place deserves the 4.5 stars that it has on Yelp. This place is excellent if you're tired of the same old junk in Vegas. Buldogis has excellent service in terms of the kindness of the chefs and cashiers, they really know how to make you feel welcomed. The food here is really unique, its not something you'd be able to find just anywhere. Words themselves cannot describe the taste of Buldogis, so I recommend anyone to just come at least once to try it out. Whether you like Asian food or American food, it's an excellent blend of both!
5	The employees were excellent.  You are greeted and felt welcomed right away.  They are very attentive and helpful.  This was our first visit and I received many kudos for ordering and polishing off the dragon dog.  My husband ordered the carne asada dog and he loved it!The hot dogs were very good.  I would like to point out that I do not like hot dogs, especially cheap hot dogs.  These hot dogs were very good and I would definitely go back.  The dogs served here are truly good quality.My husband and I walked out of there spending less that 20 dollars.  That is ordering two dogs, a large order of fries and two small drinks.
5	Wow this place has some really good hot dogs...we tried the banh mi dog, the angry dog, the buckeye dog and a bulgogi bowl. Their hot dog buns were perfectly toasted and the hot dogs themselves had great flavor. Has to be the best hot dogs I've had ever...
5	Euro Special fries were the BEST!!!  I don't know what they put in that garlic mayo sauce, but it should be bottled and sold for $100 per.  Need to try the teriyaki dog next time... Looked really good!
5	This place will make you a hot dog fan. For sure.I read about Buldogi on Yelp (of course, where else?!) and decided to give it a try with my son. You're definitely welcomed immediately by the employees as you walk into this small joint. I'm guessing the small amount of tables is adequate because I can see the turnover being pretty fast. There's a few tables/chairs outside also, perhaps better for after summer!Crazy and creative menu. Look for yourself. It's a hot dog joint, where they offer just your usual ketchup, mustard, relish, but that's not why you come here. My last visit, I had a Banh Mi Dog. Your choice of all-beef, turkey, or veggie hot dog, topped with pork belly, banh mi slaw, herbs, and Asian Sriracha mayo. Like I said, crazy hot dogs!I think I've finished my first hot dog, so I knew ordering one item to eat was enough for me. I'll have to come back with more people to try those Angry Fries people have been raving about.If you're still not sold on the hot dogs, you can get any of their crazy toppings on a burger. They also have a couple of rice bowls to choose from, which I ordered for my son. Big portion! We took it home, and the leftovers gave him another meal or two.They have a Yelp check-in special right now, which is 10% off your order. I'm trying to decide which hot dog I'll be ordering next... :)
5	Beef Bulgogi Dog checked off my to do list.It was really good, it you can describe a beef topped hot dog as light, I would say this was.My hubby tried the East Coast dog which I had to try, was flavorful and different. He also gave a stab at their new burgers...which you can get made the same way as your dogs if you prefer. He tried the Angry Burger...I like the heat but the heat doesn't like me so I passed on trying it, but he devoured that sucker.
4	It's been a bookmark in my list (among a bunch of others) to make it out here and check out the buzz everyone's been making about this place, but the Summerlin area is never on my way to any place I have to go, but not so long ago, I was able to make it and meet the cool staff lounging out in the front of the store. I told them it was my first time there, and they pointed to the HUGE board that had their menu drawn on! Pretty cool to look at, but kind of unorganized. I like to look at pictures so I turned to the handy Yelp app to see what others ordered. I made my decision.I went with the Bulgogi Dog and went for the overkill with the Angry Kimchi fries with sweet potato fries. The food took a little bit of time to come out, but, in my opinion, worth the wait and understandable when you see what comes out! My mouth and eyes literally opened wide (see picture posted)!  I did not expect the fries to be that HUGE of a serving and the Bulgogi Dog's presentation was very appetizing! I normally eat my fries first because there's something about cold fries that make them a little bit of a chore to eat. So, I dived right in! The egg on top was like a cherry so I popped the yolk and mixed it all up nice with the rest of the ingredients! BOMB.COM/Amazing/Mouth-Watering.exe!The dog in the Bulgogi Dog might've been all beef. In which case, was perfect! The natural casing and snap to it is perfect and bulgogi was the perfect topping! I love mixing my food together so this place was like a trip to my mind with a palette of American and Asian ingredients! A-OK in my book!BUT, I still can't give it that 5-star... I liked the food, but didn't love it. I don't feel like the food is a craving because of it's complexity in it's menu. Sometimes, less is more. What's the Buldogi's staple? Like the Big Mac of McDonald's or the Whopper of Burger King. Buldogi's has to have that ONE THING! And I found the menu to be a bit messy. The environment and eating areas are nice and clean, but 4 stars is still better than 3... 2.... or 1! Thumbs up, Buldogi's! I'll come back someday...
4	Came back yesterday to try the angry kimchi fries. The husband got the Buckeye Dog.. he liked that one a lot better than the chili cheese dog he had before. I recall my friend telling me that the kimchi here was very spicy (She's Thai, her heat tolerance is a few levels above mine lol). So I was a little worried that the kimchi fries would be too spicy for me. Especially, since it has the jalapenos and the spicy bulgogi as well. To my surprise, it wasn't super spicy.. I wouldn't even say it was spicy at all lol. It just gave me that little tingly feeling on my tongue. I also tried the bread pudding this time around, and that's the only thing I didn't like.
4	I heard about Buldogis a few weeks back and had been meaning to give it a try.  It sounded interesting.  I am not the biggest fan of hot dogs in general but a fusion hot dog, that is another story.  So I stopped in this last weekend.  I was mostly impressed.  I ordered a bulgogi dog after standing in line for a few minutes.  Usually I avoid standing in lines unless I am familiar with the place and love it so much.  But I had driven all that way and everything on the menu sounded good.  Besides, standing in line afforded me the time to decide which of the many hot dog creations I wanted to try.  As I mentioned before, I settled on the bulgogi dog.  I was not really sure what to expect.  What I got would have exceded any expectations I may have had had I gone in with any expectations.  What I got was friendly service, surprisingly good food and freshness.  I was impressed.  The all beef dog seemed more like a sausage.  It was plump and full of flavor.  Flavor of the good kind.  It taste like meat.  Not parts.  The beef on top was very tender and slightly sweet the way I know bulgogi to be.  For $4.95, not a bad deal.  Very fair.  Cheaper than Pinks.  I think I will be back someday.  Perhaps I should try a different dog.  They all look so good.
5	Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible. The top quality of the hot dogs the gourmet toppings the homemade ketchup and mayo the list goes on and on this why I believe this to be among one of the superior hot dog restaurants in Las Vegas. I had the Southern Dog and Mr Ed had the Chicago Dog and speaking for myself the Southern was a symphony for the taste buds I mean if you truly love hot dogs as I do then Buldogis he has to be on your list of favorites after the first tasting.  To Chef Cesar  you truly have made Hot Dogs Gourmet. This was my first visit but most definitely not my last visit I will definitely become a regular fixture at Buldogis. To sum it all up Mmmmmmmm Gooooood!!!!!!!! Keep up the Great Work.
4	Great hot dog!  They failed to give me the 10% discount on the yelp check in deal, but mistakes happen.  I only wish my wife were into this kind of food and I'd be back more often.  I'm a fan and when I have a chance I'll be back!  I have to try some of the other dogs and the fries!
5	We had they Kimchi burger, beef bulgugi hot dog, chili-cheese fries and a sm drink for ~20. - ingenious! i love how they have beef bulgugi on top of a hot dog! - yummy burger. kimchi as substitute for lettuce is delicious. crunchy and freshly served to me. although, could have been spicier.- didn't really need extra sauces. both packed with flavor.- french fries are soft and thick. chili is alright. i wouldn't get it again. - i'm blind. i couldn't find their new location on tropicana and jones? the cashier said that it's been open for 2mo now. haha.- napkins are small. - i'd definitely come back and order other things off the menu.:)!
5	Hot doggity dog heaven! This is probably the first restaurant that I've tried that made me swoon instantly.  By now everyone has heard of Kogi food truck, which basically mixes Korean food with Mexican food, well BULDOGIES is a twist on an all time favorite American classic!  The genius behind this franchise mixed hot dogs and fries with Korean food, and this combination can be  describe as a savory combustion in your mouth.  Literally, at first bite, I forgot all about LA dirty dogs, and Chicago dogs.  The hot dogs here are juicy and very flavorful and their kimchi fries is to die for! Chili cheese fries at Buldogies has the same taste and texture as RedRobin fries but with cheese, jalapeno, bulgulgi and kimchi.  A must try for all those who's interested is the ANGRY dog, one taste and you will be brought to your knees.  The only downside for me is that this little gem is  14 miles (22 minutes) away from the strip, so its quite a drive; however, I'm so glad I made the trip....  A point of reference for its taste meter:PINKS hotdogs is probably a 3/10 and BULDOGIS is definitely 12/10.*** its located in the same plaza as the movie theater- the food all under $6
4	So me and my friend went to this place and gave it the ultimate test, what we did was, we got six hot dogs what we thought were the best and we ate half of each with kimchi fries. The fries were darn good and the dogs were great too. We both really liked the carne asada dog , dragon dog and the angry dog. But toward the end it all started tasting the same perhaps it was just too much. But another reason might be even thought the topics on the dogs were different, the dogs were mostly the same so that might be why they kinda did taste the same.  Don't get me wrong all the dogs were pretty good, just don't try too many at ones lol.
4	the fusion hot dogs and the angry kimchi fries definitely lived up to their hype. My gf and I were so glad that we tried them out. However, the patty inside the burger was pretty dry and bland. I would recommend just getting the angry kimchi fries and any one of the hot dogs (the sausage is very plump and juicy). Overall pleasant experience and would recommend it
3	Good food. Good service. Simple place.
4	extremely juicy, plump and yummy hotdogs, fantastic toppings and angry kimchi fries left me and my boy friend very happy....it felt like heaven to me and my stomach:) we ordered two hot dogs, one angry kimchi fries and one burger - yes, we couldn't choose, so we just ordered all. lol. The burger patty was somewhat dry and tough though. I will definitely revisit next time I am in Vegas, and I would just order any of the hotdogs and angry kimchi fries. nomnomnom!!
4	Really really enjoyed this place and wouldn't mind coming back here on my next Vegas visit. I really wish that the bay had a good hotdog joint like this place. Or maybe I just don't know about the hotdog places here in San Jose. Well maybe I don't know about the places here because it isn't all that great.....Anyways, this place has some pretty good fused hotdogs. I ordered the beef bulgogi hotdog which was pretty much what it sounds; beef bulgogi, asian slaw, grilled onions, sesame seeds, and bulgogi mayo; I also added some cold kimchi to add a kick to my dog. My hotdog turned out yummy as hell, also it was pretty damn fulfilling. I also had a bite of my sisters hot dog, the dog of the week (dragon dog, with dragon sauce) that hotdog was one of the besterestest I've ever had, their dragon sauce was banging. I will definitely come back here for more and most likely try something different.
5	Kinda had my doubts on this place -Korean hot dogs? I grew up in Chicago where hot dog stands were on every corner and they came loaded with everything. The variety of hot dogs and toppings at this place are unreal.  I tried the angry dog and the hawaiian dog - both dogs were loaded with toppings and fantastic.  I had the angry fries and they were very unusual but the flavor was outstanding. The place is small, workers are friendly, prices are right, and you don't walk away hungry.  That's my type of place
4	My friend said to me "I'm craving a hot dog" so I said "let's try Buldogis"! And I said it with that amount of enthusiasm! I've been dying to try this place. We drove for what seemed like forever to get here and then drove around the shopping center trying to locate this place, and then it was like the clouds parted and the sun shined down right on the entrance. We decided to be conservative and share two dogs and fries, we chose the Banh Mi and the Chicago dog (I've been craving one since my Chicago trip) wow it was a toss up which one we liked better. Banh Mi was so tasty, the pork belly was perfect with the sriracha mayo and slaw, while the Chicago dog wasn't the same as a true Chicago dog, it was a really good attempt and I would order it again. And then.......the Angry Kimchi Fries, we were so full my the time we got to this, but we couldn't stop eating them! I need to go back and try the Hawaiian dog next and the Euro fries!
4	Second hot dog for me in 2 days. Pretty good since the last hot dog was about a year ago. Buldogi's was a great treat especially following the disappoint of the previous day at Chicago Tasty Dogs. Budogi's was a hit on almost every mark. Very friendly and welcoming. Many Dog's and menu choices available and inventive. Place was spotless and in great condition. Price was high for a dog but they don't skimp and one dog was a generous portion. Thanks Buldogi, I'll be back. Oh, they also have vegetarian options which is rare. But they should be commended for. Vegetarian usually get screwed at places like this, but not here.
5	Angry fries were very tasty and who doesn't like an egg on top or their food?  The wings were nothing special.Angry dog has just enough spice and highly recommended! I loved the food!! I will be back! :)
5	Went to Buldogis after reading a ton of reviews.  After wiping the drool out of my mouth, I decided to make the trek from the strip to Buldogis for a nice lunch.  It was a little further of a drive than I had expected, but it was a drive that I was happy to make.  I ordered the Banh Mi Dog and the Angry Kimchi Fries.  I thought that the Banh Mi Dog was phenomenal, but was a little disappointed with the angry fries.  They were not spicy at all and just had an overall blandness to them which surprised me given how many ingredients were in there.  The Banh Mi Dog was probably the greatest hot dog I ever had though.  The dog itself was so incredibly juicy and perfectly cooked.  The topping around it just complemented it and I wolfed that thing down as if the world was about to end.I think if I could do it all over again I would try the Euro Fries instead of the angry fries.  It may just be that I'm not a fan of sweet potato fries.  The service was also top notch.  The staff was incredibly polite and they made sure to check in with each person dining as well as wishing them well on the way out.  I like places that give a nice personal touch like that.  I would give this a solid 4.5 stars, but since you can't do that I'll round up due to the service provided by the staff.  This place is definitely a worthwhile visit if you're hankerin' for a great hot dog!
3	Been hearing about this place so the BF and I wanted to give it a whirl. Korean twist is the "in" thing to do and the menu seemed excitingly varied. The girl at the counter was very friendly and came to check on us too. Hawaiian Dog (pork belly, pineapple salsa,grilled onions, honey mustard) - The hotdog used itself was really good. More like a sausage and had some snap when you bite in. The added pork belly was something I ate separately since it just felt extraneous. The BF got the Bahn Mi Dog (pork belly, bahn mi slaw, siracha mayo ) which was a bit better with the pork belly and that one had crispier pork unlike mine. We shared a large of their buldogis fries which was good. I like somewhat thick fries that are a bit crisp yet soft like that. It seemed like the hot dog itself is quality, I was just not convinced by the combination of it with meat on top. Next time I'll try just a plainer dog or try the meat in a bowl and I'm pretty sure I'll like it much better.
4	I love this place. Why?1. They are extremely friendly and accommodating. They always take care of us.2. They cook everything to order. Things are out slower than your average place but this is why.3. Everything is crafted and designed to their own tasty standard.4. They get creative with specials now and then. Right now, they're running a soup called "Hangover soup" and it is fantastic.Their dogs are definitely their specialty. I don't have a favorite because pretty much all of them are good. There is a good mix of savory and a little sweet in most of their flavors. Often a mix of a dog and either bulgogi or pork belly with some sauces and chopped veggies. Things get messy but it's worth it. I think a more hearty bun would serve these dogs well since the entire experience is gourmet anyway.I sampled their burgers when they first came out and wasn't crazy about them but that was a long time ago. I might have to sample them again since they've had some time to revise and refine.Anyway, this is small business worth supporting. It isn't fast, or even cheap, but it's delicious and you'll want to come back for every special they run (after you've already exhausted the menu, of course).
4	Came here once and got the southwestern dog, next time will go for something spicier. Came here with my 4 year old son and they gave him a gummy hot dog, which he thought was pretty cool. Very tasty hot dogs and toppings, friendly staff.My only recommendation is that when I went there was only one other customer in there, so they didn't seem very busy, but the floor wasn't very clean. I would normally expect that if they were slammed, but for not being busy things could have been a little more clean.
5	On a Monday evening, I brought my family to buldogis this time and we pretty much ordered the whole menu. haha. I can't remember everything, but here's what was new that i liked...- Angry kimchi fries: great taste. kim chi not too hot. sweet potato fries were crispy. i love eggs made over-easy :)- Euro special fries: i think taste better than the angry kimchi fries. the mayo gives it a nice zest. french fries stay warmer longer than the sweet potato fries. bacon with fries are always delicious.- bulgogi buger: very flavorful. highly recommended! - budogi burger: from what i could remember, i prefer the bulgogi burger better. - angry kimichi hot dog: not too spicy. pretty much the same toppings as the fries but with bulgogi on top too. - We forgot to check-in to get the 10% off, but she allowed us to get something off of the menu for free. very friendly :)! definite +
5	I was brought here by my friend who lives in Vegas.  I love hot dogs and I was in hot dog heaven!  They had so many different options it was great.  The euro fries were soooo yummy!  The staff was really nice, I highly recommend!
5	I have been wanting to try this place for months. The staff was so nice, I asked them what their favorites were, and one guy asked me if I like spicy, and I do, so I went with his suggestion, the Dragon Dog, it isn't on the regular menu, it was on the special board. Very good, different, and fresh. I will be back to try others.
4	Yummy!!! The hotdog itself was plump,tasty and grilled just right - add the yummy bulgogi,asian slaw,and yummy sauce were all perfect compliments to the hotdog. The Bf's Angry Dog wasn't just angry - it was pissed off as it was hot to his liking. My daughter's Classic dog with just ketchup seemed boring to me but it was perfect to her. The classic fries would have been better as steak fries with more seasoning....It's kinda small inside-they have a big board on one of their walls wiith lots of hand written specials....It was quiet when we walked in but once a group of teens came in the place was crowded and loud. Sadly, Buldogis is just too far away to frequent but if they open up a location in the Silverado Ranch area I would be more than happy to eat lots of their yummy Hotdogs!!!!
4	Good mix of favors. Dog had nice bite. Staff was REALLY friendly.  Two things stopped me from giving 5. Was only my first time here, and bun didn't seem fresh
1	These hot dogs are soooo over rated.  The" MOST Disgusting"  hot dogs we've ever tried in our whole lives.   We couldn't even eat them. WE chewed the and spat them back out.  everything about them was sooo gross.    And to think we paid $5 for each what a waste of money, if you are thinking about coming here save your money and go somewhere else.
5	This place is realllllllly good! Very inexpensive for what you get. My ONLY complaint is the portion size never seems to be enough for me. I can finish the Kimchi dog or any of the other dogs but Im still hungry after. If it came with a side of fries or coleslaw or something it would be perfect. I still give it 5 stars based on the taste, convenience and price. Definitely worth a stop here!
4	Was late for the happy hour at Chicago Brewing Co which ended up in one drink and no food. Thankfully Buldogis is strategically located almost right next door. The Angry KimChi dog was good damn good in fact. A bit on the spicy side for my taste and the kimchi was a bit on the fresh side could have used a bit more fermenting but overall possibly one of the better dogs i've had in a while.Great staff too, we were offered to try a few things they had readily available which was good on them.Definately going to see this place a few more time in the future.
5	There's a first time for everything and that time for me was today a Buldogis. I wish I had discovered this place sooner. All I can say is if you haven't been yet it's time for you to get down there and try some Angry Kimchi Fries and a delicious hot dog to go with them.
5	My first time here was amazing. The food was delicious and prepared in a timely fashion. I ordered the Smoked Dog fusion style hot dog and it was a meal unto itself. The spicy link was cooked to perfection. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The dog was topped with onions, coleslaw, cheddar and an amazing garlic mayonnaise sauce. The bun was warm, soft and delectable. I will definitely eat here again. And again.
3	It was pretty good. It was kinda like what bachi burger is to hamburgers. But not quite as good. Still I'd go back.
4	Buldogis is quite far from the strip.  Luckily, I had some business in the area and was only a mile away.  I came here for lunch after yelping it.  The menu looked interesting and I always want to try something different.After scrolling through the pictures, I knew I had to try the angry kimchi fries.  I love sweet potato fries!  When you add spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, 4 cheese blend, green onions, diced jalapeno, and a fried egg, how can you go wrong? You can't!  It was surprisingly really good.  I ate 95% of it.  I was expecting the fries to go limp towards the end, but they held up nicely.  The spicy pork bulgogi could be spicier, but that's just me.  My level of spiciness would probably be too much for the average person.All the dogs can be made as a burger.  The banh mi burger sounded good.  It was pretty decent.  The buns were toasted which is always a plus.  The meat was juicy and seasoned well.  The pickled carrots and daikon needed a little more punch.  Perhaps they wanted to Americanize it and that's why it was slightly pickled.  Sadly, the bottom bun had turn to mush before I even took one bite.  I would probably get the banh mi dog next time.The angry dog was excellent!  The dog had a nice kick to it.  Every bite was full of flavor.  Overall, I would definitely go back.  Actually, I'm looking forward to it on my next trip to Vegas in two months.  Service was friendly, but a little slow since the cashier was also the server.
5	Where do i start ...First off to let everyone know i was unable to actually have the food onsite.. I had some co workers bring me the food back as i was unable to leave the office for lunch.   O.M.G.   The dogs and fries were OUTSTANDING.   I had 2 varieties of the dogs for my first try.   Turkey Dog :  5 Cheese Blend , Carmalized Onions ( oh my ) corn relish , roasted garlic mustard.    This was the first of the 2 i was able to try and it was very good.  The turkey dog had very good flavor , the cheese and corn relish along with the caramelized onions worked well.  I though the mustard was a little overpowering , but im not a huge mustard fan .  Next time i will probably go a little lighter on the mustard. Smoked Dog : Spicy Link , Caramelized Onions Slaw , Cheddar Cheese and GARLIC MAYO!.  As you can guess i really enjoyed the Garlic Mayo on this dog.  It was a perfect mixture of spicy to salty to  YUM!.  I have nothing to say about this at all , and will definitely be repeating again ! Classic Fries :  The best part .. they were still crunchy when i got them back to my office.  That is something i never get!.  The seasoning was not over powering and was just perfect...  Definitly worth it. All in all i quite enjoyed my meal , and would probably more if i was able to eat onsite.   Definitely will be back !
4	This is a 3.5 rounded up to a 4 because these guys deserve the nod for a couple of reasons. My own meal here wasn't the best-- I opted for the burger and that was a huge mistake. The burgers here are pretty unremarkable-- you could get a better burger at a Chili's or even a Carls Jr. They were overcooked and the quality of the meat is rather poor and just lacking in flavor. Whatever you do DO NOT BOTHER WITH THE BURGERS. This is a hot dog place and that is what they do best. The bulgogi meat on the burger was fairly tasty and the sauce was quite creamy and a bit tangy.My girlfriend went with the bulgogi dog which was topped with the same bulgogi meat, and was actually quite tasty. The dog is cooked just right and the toppings perfectly compliment the meat.We also ordered the chili fries and they were pretty enjoyable but I keep hearing such good things about the Angry Kimchi fries that I'll have to try them next time.The reason I was generous and edged these guys up to 4 stars is because they are both innovative and affordable. Also, our server was very friendly and everyone knows that's a plus at eateries. This is a reasonable place to take the family for dinner and you get a unique spin on hot dogs that makes these guys worth driving to. If I am back in the summerlin area, I will give them another go and I'm sure i'll enjoy it.
5	Will be hard to beat this place for a great dog at a great price...Not only are the dogs juicy and packed with flavor, but the toppings aim for the stars.Tried the Bulgogi dog, and it was an incredible combination.  I love good hotdogs, and I love bulgogi....(had it last night actually) but when combined, it is a match made well.My friend and I also shared two orders of fries...everyone said to try the angry kimchi fries or whatever they are called, and the European fries....results?The kim chee fries were nothing out of the ordinary for me...I am a fan of sweet potato fries, and I absolutely love great kim chee, but the combination of SP fries and kim chee didn't mesh for me.  I still ate it, but it was not mind blowing.  I would see myself eating the items separately, vs together in each bite.However, that garlic mayo and herb sauce spread onto the European fries?  OMG this was one of the best things ever!  One of my favorite combinations of french fries ever consumed....this was the highlight of lunch!  The pork belly slivers doesn't hurt either!  But trust me, I will order this just for the sauce....amazing!Prices are pretty fair for the food, and besides my bread coming out slightly hard/stale (not sure if grilled or just old), I have no issues and will be back for more!
4	So I was browsing through food spotting one day and I noticed my buddy Suzie H. was taking some awesome food porn. All I can say is pictures are worth a thousand word, yes indeed.I'm located all the way in Seven Hills area and decided to take a trip to Summerlin just to try this place out. This is located on Sahara and Fort Apache. Quite a distance but still worth the journey.I Ordered the Bulgogi Dog and a drink all for $10- $11 including tip, a bit pricey but hey these are freaking gourmet hot dogs! The Bulgogi dog was amazing!! The bulgogi itself had a good texture not to rubbery or chewing along with the hot dog. The size is pretty decent, you might want to order two hot dogs to fill you up if your a big eater like myself. Overall the hot dog was the bomb and I would like to go back and order more next time. I had to save my stomach to try another establishment next door. But overall, I give this place a 4 star, can't complain.This place takes hot dogs to the next level, by fusing an ordinary hot dog with other ethnic foods such as korean and american or mexican and american. Try it now these gourmet hot dogs are to die for..
5	Undeniably one of the best dogs my buddies and I ever had. Everything was cooked to perfection. The Smoked Dog is out of this world with the fried egg on top. Euro fries are to die for (garlic mayo sauce is the key ingredient). Shout out to Caesar for giving me extra sauce for free! Will come back for sure!
3	Not bad for a unique style of food! Korean and american collaboration for hot dogs, fries, bulgogi meats, & kimchi. I made my own style hot dog and had their sweet potatoe kimchi fries. It was okay, tasted really different, but I wouldn't say "to die for." I'm hoping to try their popular garlic fries & a different hot dog. The chef's are really cool, so don't hesitate to ask what special order suits you.
5	These guys just seem genuinely excited to sell you delicious food at reasonable prices, and why shouldn't they be? Gourmet hot dog joints seem to be popping up all over Vegas at a growing rate, and sometimes it's a bit hard to pick the winners from the overhyped. No doubt about it though, this one is 100% the former. Went in with my buddy Alex for a late lunch around 4-5pm. Tucked away in one of the many, many, many strip malls of the burbs, the place was empty save for one other group of people sitting at the table next to us, and one person who came to pick up an order. I had a Santa Fe dog, Alex had an Angry, and we split an order of Euro Fries. I actually had a difficult time getting around to the the dog because I instantly fell in love with the garlic mayo and pork bellies they used. Having said that, the Santa Fe dog was incredible; the chili they used really sank into the rest of the ingredients, making it the king of hot dog you want to take your full 40 chews per bite on. We found out that they put a second Buldogis inside of MVP, which is much closer to us, so that will definitely be a future haunt!
5	Amazing, awesome, Fantastic and a word I don't usually throw out there, actually like 3 times in my life, PHENOMENAL !!!
5	Only updating because I tried a different dog and a baby size mini dog lol.I tried the spicy link dog, I forget the exact name, but it was the opposite of spicy.  I couldn't find anything spicy there at all...taste like a regular hotdog.  I won't ding them for that though, because although it was not spicy, it was still good.  I have to try the "dragon" one next time...my friend mentioned it was spicy.The baby size hot dog was a cool idea.  I think it only cost about a dollar, but a cool way for the baby to have some without having to share or make us buy an entire hotdog to go to waste.  Look for it if you have a kid with a small appetite.Again, a solid hotdog...can't really beat it for the price and quality.
4	It's interesting that this gets put in "Korean" because there's just the actual business name and two of their hot dogs that are Korean-related. Overall, they have probably the most diverse and interesting menu of hot dogs I've ever seen. I can't resist gourmet hot dogs so, when this place came up on an area Yelp search, I couldn't not go.I got a bulgogi and a banh mi hot dog. Yeah... that banh mi. I've had bulgogi dogs before, and this was not the best I've had. I really enjoyed the banh mi though, which came with the shredded radishes and a spicy sauce, that did actually make it taste like its namesake. They had a few other "specialty" dogs that I only saw on the wall after I ordered, like a Santa Fe dog. So do look there first before you commit.The bulgogi fries were really tempting but seemed like way too much. If I went back, I would try them though.Dogs run about $4.50 each. Pricey for a Ballpark frank (they plump when you cook them because they're full of water and filler!) with relish from a packet, but not bad when you think about what you're actually getting. As they say on the menu, these are truly top-quality hot dogs too: all beef, all flavor.I think it would be even better if you could take your specialty dog into the 24-hour brewpub next door, since they don't serve gourmet hot dogs, and Buldogis does not serve alcohol.
5	My dad in town for the holidays and always looking too try someplace new or different foods too eat. Thankful my brother made great recommendation for Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dogs. If not looking for it very easy too pass by. I been too Chicago Brewery many of times and never realize what small little find right next door. One that guarantee go back again! I tried the Angry Dog. Awesome! I not use too gourmet hot dogs or rarely eat hot dogs. The way gourmet hot dogs made could eat hot dogs everyday in life. For real! It had so much depth in flavors then ANY ordinary hotdog. You have the asian slaw that fresh not your typical cut of slaw. It full of flavor and not your chiffonnade cut much more refreshing see in slaw. The pieces of bulgogi on top of hot dog. Brilliant! I love Korean BBQ as is! Too have bulgogi on top mixed with the fiery mayo on top prefect compliment brings everything together beautifully. The hot dog by itself really could eat by itself. Good. I wanted too try chili cheese fries, kim chee fries, and more but we share regular fries. Lunch wanted too save room for dinner later. Lol! Still even basic fries had nice seasoning and fresh hot right out of the fryer.The staff there is great! She greeted us with smile, asked if we had any questions about the menu, checked in on us once got meal, and even as leaving left lasting impression with smile and have great day!  =) The inside is cool. There not many seats but love the Big chalkboard or guess marker menu. The best part is they have YELP shout out on it! You get 10% discount off your bill as soon as you check-in. I never realize till too late. Still keeping it for the next checkin. =)) Outside have couple benches sit outside. They even have water bowl outside for dogs.If craving nice gourmet hot dog this is the place too go. Sure plan on coming back since only had one thing on the menu. =(
5	As far as hot dogs go, it doesn't get any better than this.  I had the angry dog about an hour ago and he is still angry in my tummy but it was totally worth it.  Can't wait to go back again and try some of the fries...dude beside me got them and they looked awesome.  Everyone was super friendly as well.
5	Hot dogs!  Toppings are really good, the staff is friendly.  Maybe not the best choice if you don't like hot dogs but they have plain options for picky eaters.  I had the Banh Mi dog and Angry Kimchi fries (the order was big enough to share between 3 hungry adults).  It was sooooo good, I had a hard time restraining myself from ordering another one!
4	never had a hot dog like this and the fries are amazing!
4	Super good. Hit this up recently when I was in town, and I always appreciate a gourmet  hot dog done right. It's surprisingly tough to find.  Enjoy the Angry Dog for a little spice in your life.
4	Creative menu. Food was tasty. I would have liked to seen a steamed or toasted bun for the hot dog and kimchee that was more finely sliced. Minor issues.
2	Oh geez - after looking at all the pics for this place I practically had a food boner!  I drove over there ready to be amazed.  It is a small mom and pop joint with an easy going atmosphere.  The menu was unique and I was intrigued.  The food was fresh, cheap and plentiful.  There really is no reason not to like this place.Sorry to reprot: I was disappointed in the food.  We ordered a Bahn Mi & a Buckeye hot dog plus an order of fries.  I wanted to love this place but this is one bandwagon I simply cannot get with.  Basically, you get a hot dog topped with a garrish array of competing ingredients.  The food didn't go together.  The toppings and the dog were not in harmony.  It is kinda like when the Houston Rockets teamed Olajuwon with Drexler and then added Barkly.  Three great players but they just didn't seem to go together. The Buckeye dog - pork belly, corn, cheese and mayo-  just didn't work.The Bahn Mi - Pork belly, slaw, siracha mayo- just didn't work.The fries were just normal too.  They were supposed to have parm cheese but I tasted nothing.  Maybe a sprinkle of some spice mixture and that's it.I didn't even finish the hot dogs or the fries.  This place has great reviews - so by all means check it out.  This is just one guy's opinion.  I guess I just like my dogs with some kraut and mustard...
5	I was sitting at me desk one day and I got a text from my wife.  This is how it read.  "Someone told me of a place that has kimchi fries!"  I was immediately intrigued.  Those two food items together?  I thought to myself, I must try these magical fries.  The next few weeks we were trying to get to Buldogis.  I did my Yelp research and checked out the pictures.  I love it when two food style are mixed.  We finally make the trek here.  I'm about to explain to you why I gave this place 5 stars.  First take a seat  and listen to my crazy adventure my family had when we went to Buldogis.  Let me give you a little back story.  I have two girls.  A 1 year old and a 3 year old.  On this particular day my 3 year old was a little grumpy.  We made it to the restaurant and ordered a couple hot dogs, kimchi fries, a mini hot dog, and a corn dog.  Right after we ordered, my 3 year old just loses it.  I think she got mad because her sister stole something she was holding.  My wife takes her to the car because she is a mess.  (if you have small children you know what I am talking about.)  I am sitting there with my 1 year old and all the food comes.  It looks delicious.  After a little while I start to eat and then text my wife to come inside and I will try to calm down my 3 year old.  She agrees and comes to enjoy her hot dog.  I get to the car and my 3 year old finally calms down.  As we are walking toward the restaurant my wife comes out upset and tells me to get the baby.  As I go into the restaurant my wife was getting a drink refill and our 1 year old throws my wife's uneaten hot dog to the floor.  So my wife lost it and was upset.  (like I said if you have small children you know the setting.) This brings me to why I gave them 5 stars.  The food was awesome and different.  The girl at the counter was super nice.  She cleaned up the food on the floor right away and and they started making my wife a new hot dog.  At this point I am really embarrassed.  They were awesome, I apologized and said not to worry.  This is some top notch service.  Great food and great people.  You have to try this place out.  Don't worry at the end my wife ended up eating her hot do and some kimchi fries.  Cheers!
5	Great place. Cesar was very friendly. Dragon dog was very hot and full of flavor. Carne asada fries were amazing!
5	I couldn't be happier! Delicious veggie dogs right on the menu! The toppings are fresh and you can choose from the suggested pairings or create your own. Employees are super-nice.  Did I mention I couldn't be happier?  Also, it's a little hard to find at first, but it's in the strip mall directly across from the side of Chicago Brewing Co.
4	I love this place the Hawaiian burger and the euro fires are awesome!!! Staff is friendly and the portions are good.I've tried the angry burger and fires. It was good too. It's very richThe only thing I could find wrong: it's a lil on the greasy part but its to be expected. Would I recommend this place?---yes, why--- great food, good portions, good staff. You decide yelpers, this is yet again my view on the matter. Happy hunting.
3	I'm a hot dog fan. This place has somewhat of a twist with adding the Korean flavor. The kimchi fries were kinda flavorless to me and so where the hot dogs. They weren't bad by any means but I've had better hot dogs. I def don't dislike this place so I think eventually I'll try it again and just order something different. This place has good potential and I hope to write a better review on it soon.Friendly service
4	Great place, similar to my review for the Buldogis at MVP minus the beer. Had the Korean flavored chicken wings. It was pretty good. The wings were cooked well and were big. The sauce had a nice flavor to it, but wouldn't necessarily consider them to be "Korean". Maybe if they used more gochujang (red pepper paste), it would definitely taste more Korean.  Liked the fries and hot dogs better when I had them at the Buldogis in the MVP lounge. I think their concept of food is interesting, the service is friendly and quick, and the food here is pretty good. Can't wait to try some more!
2	from a visit a few months ago....when it was still hot outsideI had the bahn mi dog w/ fries. it was very good.only major complaint was that the A/C was not working in the restaurant, so it was VERY hot.
5	Went here with my husband today for the first time. We decided to eat before going to the movies. The food is so good and it's made to order. I had the Hawaiian dog and he had the Chicago dog. We shared fries and we each had a drink. All together it came to $16.00.We will be coming back.(They have nice bathrooms too. They are single toilets but very clean and decorated.)
5	This place is super yummy! The prices are reasonable and crew is very friendly. I will most definitely be returning to try the rest of the hot dogs styles on their large menu.
5	Yum!!  I was really eager to go visit this place after seeing some photos posted by other Yelp friends.  Knowing it's so far off strip, I had to wait for the right moment and found a co-worker who was willing to drive me all the way over just to try a hot dog :)It was well worth the trip!  I had the Angry Dog which was so much better than I had expected - I totally loved it, especially with the fried egg on top.  Every bit as advertised - yummy indeed!I have to go back and try some more of the varieties - wasn't too hungry the night I visited.~ 5 stars - great concept, super friendly staff, unrushed atmosphere, cheap food and DELICIOUS food!  I will be back for sure :)# 290
5	My husband and I just moved to Vegas and while it took me some time to adjust to the climate I have no complaints about the food here! As a vegetarian I was really excited to have some fun options at Buldogis. The hotdogs are fully loaded and delicious but their fries are what had me returning only 3 days later. Their Chef, Ceaser, was really helpful in accommodating their dishes to make it veg for me...the Angry Kimchi fries he made were extremely flavorful and probably the best fries I have ever had.
4	Ok so took me longer then expected too come back for more Buldogi Dogs. It had the perfect excuse come one of my hockey teammates told him about the place and he like got try it. We meet up for lunch. The only reason dropped it one star is because Buckeye Dog was great but not awesome or wow factor like the Angry Dog. The things that was great about the Buckeye Dog really like the crispy bacon squares in every bite, corn relish was good, and on whole nice balance of flavors. ALL the Buldogis Dogs look like artwork. It kind of sad thinking about the best way too attack it. One thing sure if hands don't get little messy not enjoying the whole experience. I also ordered the Angry Kim Chee sweet fries. It not good idea since my friend not into sweet fries and lot too eat for one person. I did my yelp best! Lol! It was really good. So much flavors going on every bite different! Me big fan of fried egg on top of just about anything and everything. Kim Chi too talk about the kicker! The service was again awesome! I remember too use my yelp checkin discount. She really friendly, warm, and since friend first time she was very helpful any questions he had and knowledgeable of the menu. Sure couple more Dogs need try so count on me coming back again!
5	It was awesome.
5	This place serves hot dogs on sterioids!  My wife and I went last night for dinner.  I had the Bahn Mi, she had the Chicago...we added a side of the Euro Fries.  Altogether the best hot dog I have ever had.  The bread, the dog itself, the killer toppings....we will definitely be going back.  Maybe even today!
1	Disgusting!  I had the chilli cheese fries and Buckeye Dog for lunch and spent the rest of the day wanting to vomit.  They covered the dog with a garlic mayo that smelled and tasted like  a nail salon.  The bun was dry and broke apart, the dog nothing special.  The pork belly was barely warm and under cooked.... overall I will never go again.  Hint: go to Costco, buy a couple dogs from the food counter, take them home and add your toppings to your liking. Cheaper and far far better!
5	I freakin love this place.I had one of those...pregnancy type cravings-I want THIS THING and I need it in my hand RIGHT NOW. I Wanted a hot dog after a morning of shopping and lucky for me, the one and only place serving hot dogs in my area is Buldogis!I got the west coast dog again, to go, and it was delicious!I woulda stayed for more items (they have some awesome specials and side dishes, and I'm a sucker for specials) but I have more errands to run, so I grabbed it to go.FYI-checking in to this place gives you a yelp discount, and they are dog friendly, there is a dog dish of water with a bench outside for your favorite furries. LOVE.
4	I got this place bookmarked for months and I've been wanting to eat some unusual hotdogs and that's exactly what I got from this place.  Buldogi's is located behind Chicago Brewery - my GPS had me go around the Regal Village Square lot.  My patience paid off.There's a menu on each table as well as behind the register.  There's also a white board on the wall to the left of the kitchen/register where you'll find a list of burgers and other items not on the menu.  We ordered 2 beef bulgogi dogs, a banh mi dog, buckeye dog and 2 Euro special fries.  We got our food in 10-15 minutes.  They had an NBA game on so I was happy.Beef Bulgogi Dog:You get pieces of bulgogi on top of a hotdog with some green onions, bulgogi mayo and sesame seeds.  The bulgogi flavor balances the saltiness of the hotdog. I'd give it a 4/5Banh Mi Dog:You had me at PORK BELLY!  It also has shredded carrots, cucumber and sriracha mayo.  4/5Buckeye Dog:I saved the best for last.  I thought the banh mi dog was delish then I had a buckeye dog with PORK BELLY BACON, garlic mayo, corn and cheese.  It was like neon lights and fireworks in my mouth! Definitely 5/5!Euro Special Fries:Crispy potatoes with cheddar cheese, pork belly bacon, herbs and garlic mayo. You have to eat 'em with a fork. After eating 2 hotdogs, trying to finish a basket of fries seemed almost impossible but they're sooo good I had to finish my fries. 4.5/5I must say though, the garlic mayo has a pretty intense garlic flavor (YUUUUUMMMM!!!) - you can tell they use real garlic and not just garlic powder.  Between the Euro fries and the buckeye dog, I had garlic breath x 2 - good thing I didn't have to be somewhere with someone after eating at Buldogi's.
5	(Originally saved sometime in December 2011... apparently I never posted it)I always say that I'll eventually get to writing all the reviews to places that I have eaten so that I can one day just be recognized by the legions of yelp-goers for being "that guy" on yelp... Sadly I have not and this is where the sarcasm ends. However, for every review that I do put on yelp I stand by it completely, if only because I (like many of y'all) am a big foodie at heart (a certain somebody that overdoes it on yelp would disagree with me though)...... but all this brings me to my current review. I was brought over to this place from the multitude of repeated check-ins of a good buddy of mine. When he first described this place to me, I stupidly responded, "What, you mean the place that used to be a Quiznos?" ... after a short argument about the validity of life, we were here! They still had the Quizno's "OPEN" sign at the time too, which was great.The atmosphere inside this place feels more like a quick lunch hotspot more than anything else, which is both very quaint and very relaxing. The service inside is nice, friendly, and very homely. Most importantly, the bathroom is very clean. Judge me how you will, but a messy bathroom is not a good place to be.After deciding on what to order (I got two specialized dogs while my buddy got the "Angry Kimchi Fries") and it arrived at the table, honestly I was surprised. The hotdog bun is normal, something you can probably get at a supermarket, but that's about as far as "normal" goes. These things were HUGE; if I had to imagine it way bigger than my stomach was supposed to probably handle on a normal lunch.The feeling you get when you bite into something that's delicious is indescribable (picture Ratatouille description of 'flavors' and you'll get the general idea of it), but their Bulgogi Dog was amazing. The mix of flavors from the hotdog to the beef on top created a nice mixture of tang and salt that makes you crave for more, where the Hawaiian Dog infuses enough sweetness to say "Mmmm..." This place is one of the few times that describing flavors would fail me, as there's just enough on the menu for everybody. And those Angry Kimchi Fries? In a nutshell, it's sweet potatoes + kimchi + bulgogi + spiciness pretty much all blended together into an amazing complement.To anybody in the area? I would say "go eat there, you can't go wrong.
3	I tried this place once shortly after it opened. It's very close to where I live so was anxious to give it a try.The staff was very helpful and friendly! The place seemed neat and clean.To be honest I can't remember what type of hot dog I ordered. I do recall that I was not overly impressed. It wasn't bad it just wasn't anything special.Based on the customer service I"ll probably still gives this place another try in the future.
4	This place was good.  I gotta come back to try something different.  But it's too damn far.
3	I ordered the classic chili cheese dog, minus bun. I'm a fan of the fried hotdog, however they really need to look into a better cheese to use. I would try one of the other many styles of hotdogs they have. They do also have good fries.
5	Hot dogs on crazy flavor steroids! Oki dogs got nothing on this place.
5	Scratch my 4-star review. This place is 5 star quality. I've been coming here for 2 years every time I come back from school in Reno. I have to say this place is as friendly as ever and the food is still fantastic. I can't wrap my head around why I never gave this place 5 stars in the first place. The food is great and service/atmosphere is great.Another bonus for a spice lover such as myself, is the dragon dog is a hot dog that is so hot that I, a Thai-American man, can say is spicy.
5	Second time here and it's becoming "a must have" on our trips to Vegas. This was my gf's first time and she wanted to go back the next day too! I had the Chicago dog again, really wanted to try something else but why mess with perfection? (relish, tomato, onions, peppers, pickles, celery salt, mustard)My gf had the Buckeye dog (pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, garlic mayo)Also had an order of chili cheese fries, very good.Next trip it's the Angry Dog. If you want to know what's in it then you just have to wait or go down yourself and try it!
3	Friendly staff. Small place. Good food. All hotdogs are available as burgers. The angry kimchee sweet potato fries were good but filling. It's a lot of different favors in one. So much flavor that you don't taste sweet potato. Overall good but odd.
1	Worst hot dog place ever!  Honestly, the food was good and there was no issues with the food but the customer service and wait time is HORRIBLE.  Don't go to this place hungry.  I went on Monday Martin Luther King day and there were maybe 4-5 orders in front of us.  There is no urgency to satisfy the customer's wait time.  Again the food was good but not good enough to wait 45 minutes.  It's just a hot dog!  No apologies except for a small insincere one we received when we got our food delivered.  This used to be a Quiznos a few years ago, if this owner keeps up the slow service, the space will be available again.  I've read other reviews so I know I'm not the only one who has noted the slow service.  If you are going to be slow, at least have better customer service and offer something more than a fake apology.Update:  Still have not returned to Buldogis.  I would like to give it another chance but cannot bring myself to possibly be frustrated again or be in an awkward situation due to the poor first experience.
4	I came here with my boyfriend today after finishing up our pottery over at Color Me Mine. I was trying to find a place close to it and saw the cute play on words on Bulgogi/Bulldogs/Hot dogs (haha). And, asian fusion hotdogs? Hell yes. It just sounds good. Remember to check in on Yelp for a 10% off offer (as of the date of this review!). First thing we noticed was the fact that they totally stole the Quizno's "open" sign! Haha. Inside, there's mouth-watering hi-res pictures of some dishes on the wall and a few printed commended news articles about this place framed up. First thing I did right before we ordered was grab a ton of napkins. It's that messy. =]We ordered the East Coast Dog (pastrami, sauerkraut, tomato, and buldogi mayo); and Beef Bulgogi Dog (bulgogi, asian slaw, green onions, sesame seeds, and bulgogi mayo); Angry Dog (spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, diced jalapenos, and fiery sauce). My boyfriend and I decided to cut eat one down the middle and sample all three! Lovely idea. Really, it was just an excuse because we couldn't settle on just one.The guy behind the counter didn't just call our names to pick up the dogs, but he actually went up to our table and laid it down. Wasn't expecting that gesture for a hotdog fast food place! Awww it's the little things that get me. Nice service here! I asked a few questions about the sauces, and the guy offered us to sample their mayos. Pretty helpful.Each dog was LOADED with the toppings. East Coast dog was savory, heavy, and sinfully lip-smacking good. Beef Bulgogi Dog was perfectly drenched in marinated bulgogi-goodness. Flavors worked well with the other toppings. To finish off, Angry Dog was just the right amount of spicy for me. This dog had extra-chewy bulgogi (mmm pork)! Pretty spicy but not overwhelming. Each one lived up to one another. My boyfriend was expecting a let-down or a dog that wouldn't taste as good as the previous, but no matter which dog you get, it holds its own! No disappointment whatsoever. In case you're wondering the difference between the BulGogi mayo and the BulDogi mayo: Bulgogi mayo has some sesame oil in it to specifically go with the asian fusion dogs. Buldogi mayo goes well with the pastrami. This attention to detail and taste is what makes this place awesome. Each one was a symphony of flavor.Would definitely come here again. Maybe as a hangover cure or an excuse to sample their other stuff. This place is simply not just another hotdog fast food gimmick. The food definitely hit the spot. =] Highly recommended!
5	This is a great place to check out if you're into having Hot Dogs and Korean food at the same time. Their bulgogi dog, angry kimchi fries, and banh mi dog are my favorites whenever I come here. Staff are all very friendly and helpful if you're having a hard time deciding on what to eat. However, no matter what you decide on, you'll be quite pleased with every item as they are all very unique with their own special ingredients and flavor. Stop by if you're in town or live locally. It's located on the corner of Ft Apache and Sahara behind Chicago Brewery.
3	I had the angry dog, kimchi burger, and bulgogi fries. Angry dog was tasty. The kimchi burger was too oily for me. Maybe from the patty. Idk what it was. And the fries were awesome. Will be back to try others.
4	Just had the philly dog and the buckeye dog. A little too "garlicky" for my taste, but very tasty. Very different. Very good.
4	I wasn't in the mood for the stuff around me I usually would eat so I decided to look through what I had bookmarked and give something new a try. Buldogi's it was!The seating area inside isn't that big so I imagine during certain rushes it can be tricky getting a seat if you were planning on eating inside. There was a large party eating while we were there but, I did see several people come in to place orders to go. I picked a seat next to the wall that has writing on it. The wall has various menu items written on it and other sides. I thought it was real cool that they had "yelp" written at the top on the wall. We waited as out food was cooked fresh. I had planned on ordering the "Euro Fries" however last minute I saw a flyer near the cashier that said they had these new "Carne Asada Fries" and I quickly decided to try that!. To be honest the meat was chewy and had no flavor. I wouldn't care for that again but everything else on the fries I would eat over and over. It had fresh made chipotle mayo and avocado mayo that complimented the fries well! My man had the "Smoked Dog". That was a spicy link (he said it wasn't spicy at all but tasty) with caramelized onions, slaw (he had that left off), cheddar and garlic mayo. He enjoyed it a lot! When I checked in for the first time I noticed that there was a 10% off your order! Bonus!This isn't your average hot dog place. Get out of your comfort zone and try something different!
5	5 stars for the very friendly and accommodating staff. Always smiles and excellent service from them every time I go in. Oh and the dogs are pretty awesome too. Really liked the Angry Kimchi fries the first time I ordered them but was too oily the next couple times around.
5	Wow what a great little place to have lunch and get a way from the strip. Korean infused hotdogs that are amazing and full of flavor.  Had the angry dog, Santa Fe, and the west cost dog.  Each one had the amazing flavor of a premium hotdog and the favors of the additional toppings.  If you are coming here, come hungry and don't be afraid to try different hotdogs.  But a great one is the angry dog.
5	FINALLY!! A long overdue visit to this place which I "bookmarked" months ago! I would tell you the two dogs I had but I cant spell them right hahaha!! The Euro fries were delicious however. I will definitely be back to try more!!
5	This place is an amazing hole-in-the-wall Korean American hot dog fusion place! I had the Hawaiian buldogi: bulgogi meat with pineapple and a light pico on it. The pineapples are a great touch to the meat! Oooh, and also got the Angry buldogi fries: kimchi with bulgogi on top of sweet potato fries. So good and tasty! And it's a super sweet deal... Almost a steal! The service was great too! They came out to every table twice to see how we were doing. They even brought extra napkins out for us without even asking.  So attentive! If you're in the mood for some hotdogs, this place is the place. I ended up going a second time. This time, I tried the Banh mi dog: dog + bulgogi + picked veggies like a vietnamese sando. Delicious!! My friend got their special: Gangnam Dog: I forget what's on it, but it had nori on it. I wish I saw that one first or else I would've gotten it. The owner was attentive again! Came out bringing us extra napkins, checking on our experience thrice. Anyway, Highly recommend this place! Try it out!
5	Yum.  If you're trying to eat a small hot dog, don't order the specialty ones.  But if you don't, you will regret it anyhow! Ha!I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Hot dog w/ Euro Fries.  Both extremely delicious and fulfilling.  I wish the Fries was a bit more meaty considering there was bacon AND pork belly.  Every bite should have either one of the meats!  But still really good!  My hot dog, sounds like it could be overwhelming w/ the added Philly Cheesesteak atop my hot dog, but it was just the right amount.  My favorite part on both these dishes?  The GARLIC MAYO!  I'll never forget it!My boyfriend had the Banh Mi Dog and loved every bite of it as well.  We are coming back to try more of the menu!  Can't wait!
1	I thought I had the stomach flu after eating here. I was bent over with terrible stomach cramps and the pain was so bad, after hours of it coming out of both ends I went to the Emergency Room and they informed me I had terrible food poisoning. I was already not very happy because the seating area is so congested and tacky, its really not my style to be in a dim cheap looking cafe and then to get food poisoning after lowering my standards made me realize why I dont go to these carnival type places to begin with.
3	Good but just a bit too much for me. We ordered bang mi dog, angry dog, and angry fries. It tasted great at first but all the flavor varieties just got to be a bit too weird for me. Maybe just the dogs and no fries next time...
4	I love the sauces here and the meats.  The buns could be a little better.  The fries are fantastic especially the ones with egg.
3	Good idea ,just not executed . the food was OK, it was just a little cold , I'll give it another shot .
4	Wow! What a great find. Read about Budogis on Yelp and have been waiting for a chance to try it out. Easter lunch was that time. I arrived right at 12p when the website said they opened and there were already several groups of people eating. I ordered and in less than 8 minutes had my food (to go). The cashier was very friendly and obviously everything was very prompt. When I got home we devoured everything we ordered.The Angry Kimichi Fries are spectacular. The bulgogi is so flavorful, sweet potato fries perfectly balance out the kick of the jalapeno and well but an egg on it and I'm in heaven. We had read several reviews and decided to get 3 dogs and split them between the two of us.The Hawaiian dog was my favorite, you can't go wrong with pork belly but add the pineapple  slaw for sweetness and bam...perfection. The Southern dog was not my pick but it was divine. The slaw with the spicy bbq sauce was a perfect combinationThe Bahn Mi I had really been looking forward to based on reviews and it was good but I think the other two dogs we ordered simply out shined this dog.We are defiantly stuffed and ready for a nap after that amazing Easter lunch!
5	These hot dogs are crazy and good.My boyfriend and I try different items every time we come here and are never disappointed with what we get.  We came to realize that before we're even done eating we are checking out the menu to figure out what we'll try the next time!They have a little bit of everything and don't forget there's another menu on the wall behind you when you're ordering.
3	My husband and I stopped in on a Friday night while looking for a spot close to Summerlin. The interior is clean and simple and the owner is very very friendly, but man, is this some heavy, heavy food. We ordered the East Coast dog which has pastrami and sauerkraut, the angry burger which had spicy bugolgi, and Euro fries. My favorite was definitely the angry burger. It has the least amount of mayo on it and it was JUICY!! That has to be some fatty 80/20 or something. The spicy bugolgi was a bomb combo, but because of all the juices, it got soggy pretty fast, so eat up! The East Coast dog was my husband's choice. I really wanted to try the bahn mi but my husband hates bahn mis. The hot dog itself is quality for sure and huge!! I shovel food in my face like there's no tomorrow, but I don't think I could eat more than 2 of those bad boys, when I can do about 4 standard hot dogs. The East Coast dog was good, but nothing special. I'm sure the Asian fusion dogs would have had more interesting flavors. Lastly, the Euro fries. I'd have to agree with the other reviewers on the lack of toppings on these. There is obviously a lot of garlic mayo, but that pork belly was a little skimpy, and we just had to eat about 2/5 of our fries with no toppings because we ran out. The fries are good on their own, but you know when you order specialty fries, you want every bite to be covered with something. Overall, I'd come back to try the bahn mi dog and see if I can bump up the stars.
5	We've been back here several times in the last 2 weeks and just love it. The service is quick and the food fresh and delicious. The angry kimichi fries are a must and yesterday I got a buckeye dog which was delicious, though my favorite is the Southern dog for sure!
5	What do you get when a hot dog and a pork belly banh have a baby?You get this beautiful, tasty creature http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=pOPuQI7bMbMjNHxkvquyvw#yCU0WkMG42PkAcDxqdQV8wLocated on the West Side of Vegas, about five or six miles from the busy LV Strip, is Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog's. This tiny place has a fairly large menu with all sorts of crazy hot dog, burger, and French fry concoctions.My wife and I came here recently and shared three dogs and an order of fries. This is all we split;Banh Mi Dog- Hot dog, pork belly, slaw, Sriracha mayo & a fried eggHawaiian Dog- Hot dog, pineapple slaw, grilled onions & honey Dijon mustardSanta Fe Dog- Hot dog, bacon, chili, cheese, pico de gallo , chipotle mayo & avocado mayoAngry Kimchi Fries- Sweet potato fries, spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, five cheese blend, green onions, jalapenos & a fried eggEvery dog we ate was fabulous. My personal fave was the banh mi because it was overflowing with fatty pork belly. The Santa Fe was also a home run because of their homemade chili. The Hawaiian could have been a tad sweeter but it was still delicious. The Angry Kimchi fries were also phenomenal. They topped these fries with tons of juicy bulgogi and spicy kimchi. These were most definitely one of my all time favorite order of fries. Prices here are cheap. Much cheaper than anything on the Strip. The service was also excellent. The head chef was super cool and chatted with us while we waited for our food. I'm definitely a fan of Buldogis. I will be back for sure the next time I'm visiting Sin City.
5	I have been wanting to check this place out since I stumbled on it on yelp about a year ago! Korean food on top of hot dogs!? Amazing! Today was finally the day, and it was better then I expected.  The little shop is bright and colourful and the walls are lined with the various awards and recognition they've received. In addition to the menu that they have online, there's a giant whiteboard with even more amazing choices. I had the bahn mi dog and the angry kimchi fries, which I split with my dining buddy. Both amazing dishes, I especially liked the hot dog though. Juicy, 100% all beef, bacon sauce and the bahn mi pickled carrots / radish and soft warm bun made it the best hot dog I've ever had. I'll be back to try more dogs and the hamburgers look good too! I think they would do really well with a vendor truck too. It would be awesome to see them downtown, they'd give fuku burger a little friendly competition
4	Yum! I've not had a better hot dog, but then again I'm not usually jumping for joy when I see one. These are very good deals for the money, considering that one dog is plenty filling for a meal.My friend had a beef bulgogi dog, while I had a kimchi and pork belly dog, but I forgot the name. Oddly, I didn't feel like the combination did much, but the flavors were all still quite good. But had I eaten them separately, it still would have tasted great.We also got fries, which were good, though we didn't have the stomach room for trying their special fries.
4	no complaints here, the food was delicious.
3	Banh mi dog looked great, but taste was lacking. The dog itself was rubbery and bland while the topping of lightly pickled veggies was pretty good.
2	A few years back I discovered Dogzilla an Orange County food truck. They dress dogs with amazing Asian flavors. When I caught wind of Buldogis I thought this might deliver like Dogzilla did. My husband and I had it for dinner later that night. We were so excited, seeing the Best of Las Vegas 2013 banner outside made us feel like we were in for a treat!The gentleman behind the counter was helpful and offered suggestions. I knew I wanted the Angry Dog ($5.95) so there was no question there. For the other we were leaning toward the Bahn Mi Dog, but we were swayed to try the Carne Asada Dog ($6.95) and  we went with the Euro fries ($5.95) since they came so highly recommended.After drinks and tax we had ourselves a $25 meal. Pricey for two dogs and fries, but if they're good they'll be worth it.Sadly, they were just ok. The hot dog itself was the weakest link. These were salty and lacked any of the all beef flavor I love in my Chicago dogs.  The toppings however good couldn't save the dog. The bun was a bit stale and too big. I like a good meat to bun ratio and this didn't deliver. I didn't prefer one dog over the other. Any difference in flavor was cloaked by saltiness.The fries were an odd mix. We consumed them, but I have no idea what we ate. When they were recommended I expected gyro fries, not Euro fries. I recognized that it was topped with cheese, but beyond that I have no clue what the concoction was.If I want the goodness of Dogzilla, I guess it means I have to haul my ass to the OC and track them down.
4	Creative concept. I love the idea of an East-Meets-West fusion, combining the most iconic elements of American and Korean culture.We were in an ANGRY mood apparently when we went, because we got the angry burger, angry kimchi fries, and an angry dog. I loved the spicy kick of each of the items. The burger was juicy, with a hefty amount of toppings. It had an excellent grilled, slightly smokey flavor. The bulgolgi was nice, but I didn't see or taste much of it (Maybe the other stronger ingredients drowned out the bulgolgi flavor). Out of all the toppings for the burger, I was slightly disappointed in the coleslaw. I would have liked more tangy flavor to add to the burger, but it was just a minor flaw. The hot dog was good as well, with a combination of strong flavors complementing each other with each bite. The angry kimchi fries were my favorite item that we ordered. It was a huge portion of sweet potato fries, kimchi, bulgolgi, peppers, cheese, onions, and a fried egg on top. The combintation of sweet, sour, spicy, and creamy was amazing. This isn't healthy eating here in general, but they do have vegetarian options such as veggie dogs that can be substituted for any hot dog item on the menu.Service was very friendly. Definitely a good place to get fast-food Asian fusion!
5	So good I had to buy two. Started off with the Angry dog an fries finished with a Southwest and walked away over full.
4	Was surprised/impressed when I found out the owner is not Korean. I don't even know how to make kimchi! lol Anyways had a nice little chat with him while we waited for the food. My boyfriend had the Bulgogi Burger which was really big and juicy lol...Got my mom the Angry Dog which had spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, diced jalapeno, and fiery mayo. Nice & spicy just the way she likes it. I took a star off because I ordered the Bahn Mi Dog but got the Buckeye Dog instead. It was okay but I was really looking forward to trying the Bahn Mi Dog. Will be back when I visit :)
5	Ok I'm never doubting Buldogis again. Haven't had them since last year, at their other location which according to Yelp is closed, and I wasn't impressed back then.  Upon arriving I made it my main priority to finally trying one of their dogs NOT their other items. Once inside I saw the words "new" and "pork belly".  I was about this much with not getting the dog again but of course I went with the Angry Dog so I'll save that new pork belly dish for another day. Anything with a mayo based sauce is instantly awesome in my book, that's my thing. I like making my own mayo based sauces at home and use them with everything and its almost always spicy too similar to this one.  The Angry Dog was the best thing I've eaten from a restaurant in a long time so "Angry Dog FTW!!!" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=4X_JwTZ_F2rcpB8VEeGn-g#4X_JwTZ_F2rcpB8VEeGn-g  Besides the mayo the Angry Dog had a nicer quality hot dog, some jalapenos which made added more spiciness, a little Asian slaw which kind of didn't notice, and some bulgogi meat which really did nothing for me.  Not gonna lie I think I could make my own version of a dog worthy of the menu loaded with much more but still Buldogis dogs are still pretty awesome. Anthony F. picked up the bulgogi burger and angry fries with a delicious looking fried egg on it MAN I wished I had ordered that too. For you food challengers they have a challenge for you. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=V2UW0waqjwfcEadiyoNQRQ#V2UW0waqjwfcEadiyoNQRQ The Dragon Kimchi Dog Challenge.  I don't know much about it other then there's pork belly, kimchi, caramelized onions, sport pepper, dragon sauce, there's 5 pepper symbols next to it on their board so it has to be hot, and I'm sure it comes with a hot dog and bun. I want to do the challenge but I just don't know more details. Does anyone else wanna? They have a lot more items than just hotdogs and what you seen on their regular menu, there's also burgers and more.  I always enjoy it when chefs keep creating and adding dishes to their already awesome menus.
5	Much better grub than the MVP location!  Caesar makes some mean & spicy dogs.  The only problem is there are so many great dogs to choose that it can sometimes be difficult to make up your mind.  I've solved this issue by pretty much always ordering the Banh Mi Dog.  Okay, my only real gripe is I wish there was one closer to me in Green Valley.  I've never been disappointed with this place for a quick, cheap bite that's oh so delicious!
4	Being from chicago i was a little nervous trying their hotdogs! Pretty darn close to a real chicago dog. Very good quality of meat and size. They even had a small hotdog called a "puppydog" for our daughter who ate it right up. Their french fries are lightly seasoned and a small was enough for two people to share.
4	Great service and amazing hot dogs!!
5	After visiting yet again, this place deserves a more in depth review. All that comes to mind when I eat at Buldogis is "DAYUM DAYUM DAYYYYYYYYUM!!!" Youtube Five Guys Burger Review if you don't get the reference. To give you an idea of how AWESOME this place is: I, a cheap Asian male, tipped this place roughly 23% for the experience I had. My last visit, I came with my girlfriend's family for lunch. We ordered Angry Dogs and the Bulgogi Dog (not sure if that's what it's called, but that's basically what it is) with Euro Fries and Angry Fries to share. Mere words can not describe the delicious taste of the dogs and Angry Fries. The Euro Fries came pretty salty, but that's just something I'll avoid next time. The magic here though, is the service. Every time I come in, I'm always served by the Head Chef. To anyone who doesn't actually know where the management lies, would easily be deceived into believing that Head Chef Cesar is the owner because of the amount of care he puts into the customers. During my visit, the chef messed up my order and served us an order of sweet potato fries that we did not order. We kindly told him that we did not order a side of sweet potato Angry fries, but he gave it to us anyways! Our party and another table were always checked on during our meal.I just can not express my love for Buldogis.
5	Great local food place! Price is a bit expensive but the quality of the food is well deserved! They make all of their sauces in house so nobody else will have what they have. The owner is a nice guy who is willing to help you understand the food choices. Highly recommend trying them!
4	If you're looking to try something new and different, this is certainly for you. The concept is fusion between hotdogs and many other cultural influences (korea, mexican, etc).Our food was absolutely delis and arrived really quickly. I custom created a hot dog that was essentially death by bacon and it was unbelievable! My son's corn dog was pretty darn tasty too. Service was outstanding and I will certainly return!
3	Not soming I will be going to eating  all the time, a little on the pricey side for a dog!  It was good and I will go back soon!
5	best hot dogs you can get in Las Vegas, angry kimchi fries are quite tasty! highly recommend!
4	They ...put ...Korean BBQ on top of a hot dog and covered it with mayonnaise. Genius I say. The food here is stellar but what I had was very on the heavy side.  Seriously I'm the guy that puts back buffet food like some kind of competition eater and the Kimchi Fries and Hot dog I had made me regret my life decisions. As I told my wife, I love it but would onlybeat their like every 5 years in the interest of me not having a bypass in the next 6 months. Good good good food though.
5	The Angry Kimchi Fries were pretty delicious!  I don't really like sweet potatoes fries, but I liked the sweet potatoes fries with kimchi and egg.
5	Really good place! Best Carne Asada fries ever!!! Staff were really friendly. They gave hotdog a different twist! Yummm!! Plus, it's a cheap place with really good food!
4	I now know why the chili cheese fries were more than the hot dog.  Maybe they should offer half orders of it?  They should also take down the user pics that show the cc fries are $2.95.My review of the items scale = 1-10Smokey Dog - 7: It was definitely smokey, but it says it's a spicy link and it wasn't very spicy.  My personal preference is for the condiments to be on the bun and the meant and things like onions, slaw, cheese to be on top.  Overall it was a pretty tasty dog.  Had a good snap.  $4.95 is a pretty good price.Chili Cheese Fries - 7: big size, good flavor, just wish they had a 1/2 order since I was flying solo.Soda - 7:  Not a Pepsi or Pepsi product fan.  Had the orange crush, would have preferred coke.  Maybe Yelp should list whether the establishment is Coke, Pepsi, or Other.Overall pretty decent.  They also have burgers and other items added.  The pictures of the burgers looked pretty good.  It's been my experience that when a restaurant adds things outside of their normal menu, it's a sign of distress.  I might be wrong on this as I am always rooting for the small guy.  If they add breakfast, then, Taps may not be too far behind.The addition of lunch specials may not be a bad idea and maybe just regular plane jane dogs with kraut, spicy mustard, onions etc.  Who knows.
4	Awesome food here! Definitely a great hotdog! Unfortunately I moved from the area but my ex girlfriend still goes there I'm sure!!
5	Literally the best hot dog I've ever had. At least check this place out.
4	If you like hot dogs in the least bit, come here. There are 18 different dogs to choose from and if you don't find something that whets your whistle, make your own custom dog! With 6 different kinds of mayo, 21 toppings, 4 varieties of dawg, you can make magic happen. Be warned, the dogs are big. So even if you get one without toppings, it's still a meal. Don't miss out on the fries either. Toppings galore on those babies. I rocked an East Coast Dog (pastrami, kraut, tomato, buldogis mayo) on my last visit. The combo of pastrami and hot dog is phenomenal. The mayo sounds gross, but isn't your standard mayo, so don't be scared. It added flavor to bring the meats together. Great dog all around!I don't necessarily go out for hot dogs often. But when I do, I make it Buldogis.
2	I really wanted to love this place! The people are incredibly friendly and passionate about what they do. You absolutely can feel that they take food seriously and I wish them the very best. We tried a chili dog, a Chicago dog, and the carne asada fries. The chili had a strange mealy texture resulting in an unpleasant mouth feel, it did not taste like it simmered on the stove to allow the flavors to develop,  and it left me yearning for a $1.50 hot dog from Sam's club (which includes a drink). The actual hot dog itself is okay, but the chili was very difficult to eat. The Chicago dog was fair and made with lots of fresh veggies. The carne asada fries were made with meat that was reminiscent of Teriyaki  beef, so it gave the dish a mix of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors that were not seamlessly integrated.
5	Omg omg I'm in love with this place! I'm just upset I haven't found it sooner. LOL. The cook was ultra friendly and the food delicious. If you aren't into Korean food you will still find something there you like I'm sure of it. Not only do they have gourmet hot dogs but they have burgers too! This place will be a new fav.(I had the angry dog and angry kimchi fries and my date had the buldogie burger and we shared it all)
5	I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs. Having said that, my lovely daughter, Colleen took me to Buldogis just to try it out..... To my surprise, I loved the hot that was made for me.  I told the gentleman behind the counter to surprise me with something and he certainly did!  He served me a special hot dog which is a little different than what's on the menu.  On the menu it's called Carne Asada~ A Beef Bulgogi loaded with Five Cheese Blend, Pico De Gallo, Diced Jalapeno, Chipotle Mayo, Avacado Mayo.  If you like hot dogs, or even barely like hot dogs, I recommend this place!  You'll love it!
5	Best hot dogs in Vegas so far.  Still doesn't beat the la street dogs. Lol.  Fresh ingredients and good tasting got dogs.  Oh and the fries are good too.
4	First time at Buldogis and I'm happy. I bit into the Angry Dog and got a mouth full of casing crunch and medium hot! The combo of asian slaw, jalapenos and sauce was a perfect for the pork bulgogi. With a side of regular fries that had a crispy exterior and a texure of baked potato on the inside. Next time I'm going to order the regular fries with a side of what ever sauce or mayo flavor I feel like. The specialty fries order is just to big for a solo diner unless that is all you order!
4	This place is awesome! Great flavor and food!
5	This wasn't only the best hot dog I've had, but one of the best meals. If you don't think hot dogs can be sufficient for a fine dinner, you haven't been here. The chef takes his time with each and every hot dog and delivers it to your table nothing short of perfect. I had the banh mi and angry kimchi fries. Both were excellent. Definitely get the kimchi fries...you can't really go wrong with any hot dogThe Angry Kimchi Fries are currently #1 on my Garbage Plate Fries list
5	AWESOME dogs, the Philly cheesesteak is the best one. Haven't tried anything else though. Always clean inside
4	The best hot dogs, I had the Hawaiian Dog and my husband had the Philly Steak Dog. Both were delicious, way better than Pinks here in Las Vegas (can't say Pinks in Los Angeles since I'm from LA & it can'tbe topped). I highly recommend thisplace, Cesar was at the register when we went & he was really nice.
5	Great hot dog with amazing toppings. The pork belly is amazing!
4	Yum.  I go past this place every day for 2 + year and never stopped in.  However, tonight was different. Maybe the reddish tint to the moon or the coolish evening air but something made me go.  Glad I did!  The hot dog was crisp and flavorful and topping it with pork belly and garlic mayo was inspired.  The fries were also good and surprisingly crisp even though they too had pork belly bacon and mayo on top.The bun was soft but not soggy or stale.Staff was friendly, price is right, and my belly is happy.
5	AMAZING Hot Dogs! You can't go wrong! My dad and I split three different dogs. They cut them in half for us so we could try them all and all of them were EPIC!
5	I don't normally like hot dogs, but I loved this one! I got the beef bulgogi dog- not only was the beef on top tasty, but the hot dog itself was also very high quality. I also got the angry kimchi fries which were maybe even more delicious than the hot dog.  Sweet potato fries + kimchi + pork bulgogi = AMAZING! I will definitely be going back again- totally worth the 30 minute drive!
5	This is the place I dream about!  Yep, after eating here I had dreams of my meal and I woke up the next morning with a big smile just remembering the blissful bites of fantastic hot dogs and tummy ticking fries I had here.  Yummmmmmy is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to describing Buldogis!So I know I am behind on getting over here but I finally made it here for lunch this week.  Woo Hoo!  I had some friends visiting and wanted to take them someplace they definitely don't have back home.  Mission success on that!  They were amazed at the menu and the crazy dogs they have at Buldogis.  I just love blowing people's minds when it comes to food.  He he.Ok, on to the awesomeness know as Buldogis food!  I had the Buckeye Dog and Euro fries.  I was in love at the first bite of both things.  The Buckeye bog was the best dog I have EVER eaten in my life.  It sounds crazy with pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo all on a hot dog, but it totally works!  The flavors are intense but fit together like a jigsaw puzzle. It is like fireworks going off in your mouth.  Plus it comes covered in MAYO, which is my favorite condiment in the universe.  I mean it is even in my Yelp tagline.  I love me some mayo. Yum.Oh and the Euro Fries....Drool.  This fabulous combination of fries, cheddar, pork belly, and guess what, more herb garlic MAYO on top.  What is not to love???  The fries are what will bring me back again and again for years to come.  Love them!!!!My friends were a little more timid with their dogs and they went with the classic standby chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries.  I only tasted the fries and they were really tasty.  The chili is the beanless kind and quite flavorful.  I really liked it myself.  My friends both really enjoyed their dogs and fries.  My mini me went with a corn dog.  It tasted like your average corn dog and wasn't super duper, but was tasty. Good news on the corn dog was that she actually ate 1/2 of it.  If you know her, you know that is amazing because she never wants to eat anything except cookie.  So success on getting a toddler to eat food too!So the moral of the story is get yourself to Buldogis ASAP because your mouth will thank you for the flavor adventure!  Tasty!
1	I called this place at 7:08pm on 08/30/13. After being hung up on 6 times, I finally got through....I asked to place a pickup order. The guy on the phone said "We're very busy, come in and place an order and we'll take care of you". At which point he hung up in my face. I don't care how good the food at this place is. The service clearly sucks, and I will NEVER eat here. BTW, don't post a phone number on Yelp that tells you to call in for orders if you don't know how to properly manage your establishment.
5	Great dogs! I got the angry dog and the chili dog. Very nice staff. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu
4	I love hot dogs. Love. So why did it take me so long to visit buldogis? Location. It's almost a 30 minute drive for me (which is far for Vegas), and the hot dog isn't exactly a meal I plan out way in advance. That being said, the hot dogs are awesome. Great selection of specialty dogs with American, Korean, and Mexican toppings or you can always go plain Jane. The dog itself is really high quality - all beef with plenty of snap, and if that doesn't appeal to you, they have a spicy one, a veggie one, and I think one that's more like sausage. We tried the bulgogi and east coast (pastrami and sauerkraut) dogs, and both were great. About $6 each and very filling. The munchkin likes her corn dog, but it wasn't anything special. We went for plain fries instead if one with all the toppings, which was good because the dogs were way filling. The ambiance is a little lacking as almost nothing was changed from the old Quiznos.  They even use the same Q open sign!Overall I loved it, but it's a little far to be a random lunch spot for us.
4	Really great hot dogs at this joint.  As the name implies, they have lots of hot dogs with a Korean influence.  The hot dogs by themselves are very flavorful and the toppings are all made in house.  So far I've had the Angry Dog and the Pork Belly Kimchi Dog.  Both are very good.  The prices are good and the staff is very friendly.  Glad I finally made it here!
5	This is the best place for hot dogs in town. The dogs are fried... And it is just as amazing as it sounds. Do yourself a favor and drop in for some seriously good food. My personal favorites are the West Coast Dog and the Hawaiian Dog. Delish.
4	This place has some really good food and nice that it is off the beaten path away from the strip. They have a very good selection of hot dogs with general toppings to the over the top Korean as well. Fires are decent and topped with what seems like the latest craze for fries to be topped with. Nice size place that also offers Burgers as well. Great prices that don't break the bank. The Owner can be a little hard to understand, however very friendly. One decent size dog with Korean toppings and nice size of Carna Asade fires plus drink ran around $17 bucks. The portion on the fries could have been split by two people. Really great quality and fresh tasting food.
4	This place is so good!Extremely clean, cute, with a little sitting area outdoors when you can even take your dog and enjoy a hot dog! lolThe owner is super nice and the dogs are just so tasty!I love the wide variety of ingredients and the sausage is so good...thick and crunchy!The fries are awesome too!Prices are great! - honestly no complains! Loved it loved it loved it.It will definitely be my choice when craving hot dogs!
3	I think I'll give this place one more shot. the food was different with all these combos but every time I eat here my food is not warm. the cheese is never melted on top of my hot dogs and the fries are barely warm.my one friend told to get the Bahn Mi dog and if it meets up to my expectations then I'll go more often.
2	Friendly enough. Dogs are exotic, but I really think is does not work 100%. I ate the wacky one with pork belly. I was sick for half a day.
4	It seems like Korean-fusion hot dogs are the next thing, like kogi tacos and burritos were a few years ago. I saw a spot like this in LA and although it didn't last long, it was a great spot. So I was very excited to see this place in what I envision is not a very ethnic neighborhood. Suffice to say I wasn't going to leave Vegas without going these guys a shot. The menu is pretty authentic (insofar asinine legit Korean staples with American hot dogs and fries). They even throw in some Mexican influence, with Pico de gaillo and five-blend cheese in some items. Service is friendly and attentive. Whoever was working the counter came by and checked on me twice AFTER bringing my food. Sweet, genuine girl. Most importantly, the hot dogs themselves were fantastic. Casing didn't explode with hot grease when it bit into it, and was just the right temperature. Toppings were ample, but not such that I couldn't take a whole bite and get all the flavors. Only criticism is have is that the ketchup supply could be changed. They have a generic packet supply and I must have gone through at least 10 of them for my fries and one hot dog. I'm always a proponent of Heinz ketchup pumps. Overall, this is a great place for a solid twist on hot dogs. We don't have enough hot dog joints, so I hope Buldogis builds a solid fan following and customer base.
4	Got off work late one night and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so my boyfriend and I drove around and he suggested this place. At first I was hesitant because I'm not a big fan of hot dogs, let alone a weird mix of Korean and hot dogs. On their walls they have a bunch of articles/reviews about them from the Las Vegas papers/magazines, but I didn't want to create a judgement just yet. I wanted to taste it for myself.They had this bulgogi burger and it definitely satisfied the hungry beast in my stomach. My boyfriend got kimchi fries as well, but there was so much that even the both of us couldn't finish it all after my burger and his bulgogi hot dog. Overall, i'd like to go back and try something new.
5	Best hot dogs ever! The philly steak dog and santa fe dog are amazing!! Even the puppy dog looks super good and theres nothing on it lol and the classic fries are delicious, w.e seasoning they put on it make them addicting lol
4	Best gourmet hot dogs I've had in a while
1	Horrible service.  Drove across town tonight to try this place out. Arrived at 8:38 pm and the manager told us the grill was turned off and did not want to serve us. They don't close until 9.  Worst service ever. Everyone says the food is great but I guess I'll never know.
5	This place is really good! The quality of the hotdog is excellent. There are lots of good topping/sauce combos to choose from on the menu. Reasonably priced for the quality of food you receive. The staff was very friendly. I will be going back!
4	I've never seen a hot dog with this many toppings in my entire life...and they all seem to work well with each other!!I wasn't ready to get too crazy with the french fries, so I just ordered them plain.  Now I'm not a big fry eater...but these fries were so good! Perfect consistency and just the right thickness. Whatever seasoning they use?? Its working!Corn Dog - on point.  Exactly what you want in a corn dogBuckeye Dog - Only tried this since one of my friends really likes Ohio State.                              Delicious.  Pork belly on anything screams win.Whenever I'm back visiting my old hood...I'll stop by this spot for sure
4	Korean-fusion hot dogs? Why haven't I heard of these back home in SoCal? This was definitely a MUST during my last trip to Vegas.Banh mi dog (pork belly, banh mi slaw, herb blend, sriracha mayo): very delicious with lots of flavor and texture. A+Smoked dog (spicy link, caramelized onions, cheddar, avocado mayo): underwhelmed. Average taste. Nothing great.Euro special fries (pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend, garlic mayo): quite a big portion. The bf and I couldn't even finish it. The flavors were bold--particularly the garlic mayo--maybe a tad bit too bold but still rather tasty.Their menu had quite a selection of dogs I really wanted to try. Unfortunately I don't live in Vegas so I'll have to wait on the Angry Dog, Bulgogi Dog and Buckeye Dog. This just gives me another reason to come back.
5	I ended up on this side of town one day and Buldogis popped up on my yelp app when I put in a search for places nearby so I just had to try them.  So glad that I did. I have never had such a massive hot dog in my life. I am overwhelmed as I am writing this review about my experience. Inappropriate I'm sure, but I just have to agree with Paola C..."the sausage is so good... Thick and crunchy! " lol. They serve korean inspired hot dogs. Which is just amazing as it sounds. So many unique hot dogs to choose from and toppings/sauces to add. The hot dog was so frickin delicious.  The staff is friendly and very helpful in giving you suggestions on what to order and answer any questions you may have. The shop is cute and showcases all of their press features along the back walls. There are cute dog decorations all over the restaurant...pun on the hot dog concept.  Do yourself a favor and stop in for some extremely delicious and memorable eats.
5	Great hot dogs! I had the Chicago dog and my wife had the chili cheese dog, both were great! The fries were also good. The employees were friendly and the service was fast. The place was clean and in good order as well. Give it a try!
5	Have had just about every dog here and they are all awesome but my favorite is the Southern Dog with the Bahn Mi (spelling?) in close second. My son loves their corndog. I may venture out and try something from their big whiteboard menu...
5	We saw pictures of the hotdogs online and thought they looked amazing so we gave this place a try.   The food is even better then it looks.  I got the Angry Dog with a fried egg and it was extremely good.  The Hotdog is great as well as the toppings.  The fries are really good too.   Looking forward to going back soon and trying other hotdogs.
5	We were craving hotdogs at work and sonic and 711 were not going to cut it. Found this place , and it wasn't to far from us. I was overwhelmed with the choices but so far I haven't had a bad one yet. Even the plain was good. The customer service was outstanding as well. The young lady behind the counter was nothing but smiles. She even brings out your food and cleans up. When we tried to get for more napkins insisted on doing everything for us. Not what you would expect from a small hotdog joint. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a dog with a twist.
5	Found this place a year ago and keep going back. Hawaiian dog is my favorite. Owner/employees are tops. The hotdogs are fried bit you can get them saute'd if you want. The dogs themselves are better than any I have found. They also make burgers and a variety of other stuff. Great place to go before a movie. Fries are way above average too. Made to order. Tip: it's messy if you're not careful, but oh so good.
5	The Euro Special fries were awesome! Perfect crispy fries with a good balance of garnish. I'm not a fan of fries drowning in chili cheese sauce so this was just perfect! Got the Banh Mi Dog and loved the crunchy pickled vegetables on it. Hubby got the Bulgogi Burger, he seems really happy with it. *Burp*
4	Weiners! Thick ones too!Sooo I've been meaning to bring my little Santiago here for a while; he loves hot dogs! I very rarely eat red meat, or pork, I basically only eat chicken and turkey. I'm super boring. It was Santiago,  myself, and mi amigo and this was our dinner. I was basically starving so I went with the Euro Special Fries and a chicken corn dog, Santiago ordered a puppy dog and small fries, and said friend ordered carne Asada Fries (Straight beaner! ) we had a seat and waited for our order. It didn't take too long when our food arrived. Being a awesome Yelper I snapped a photo of my fries before sucking them down like a hoover. Theyre simple, fries, pork belly bacon, cheese, and garlic mayo. They should have melted the cheese some, alas it was just cold cheese. The bacon was also a little crunchy or overcooked, but I was too enamored in my food to even care. The garlic mayo really sets the flavors off! Tye corn dog was super huge and not all nasty and over cooked. The center was juicy and the breading was crispy! Santiagos puppy was a half hot dog and it looked delectable,  he gobbled it right up, as with his fries. Said friend was only half pleased with his carne asada fries, he didn't like the caramelized onions and we both agreed they shouldve used a cream as opposed to the mayo. But he sucked them down as well! My only gripe is the mustard packets they had were gross. The mustard inside was a nasty color and it was hella thick. Trust me I do not mind thick at all, just this was nasty. Other than that I will def go again for those crack fries!!Yay!!!
5	A great hot dog is a rare find.  This is a rare find.Loved the Asian and the Southern dogs.   The hot dog was cooked properly, crisp and delicious.   Absolutely delicious and a good size portion.  There was  a lot of flavors too.  One dog is a great meal.  It was so good I went there 2 days in a row and I dont live that close.   They were also friendly and helpful.   That part is simple but many cant  even do that.
4	After working up an appetite hiking at Red Rock, my friends and I were looking for a place to eat lunch.  After people threw out a bunch of suggestions we decided to swing by Buldogis to try their infamous hot dogs (and to undo all calorie burning we did earlier).  These were definitely not your average hot dogs.  They were topped with some unique toppings and were much more filling than the typical hot dog you picture in your head.Here is what I orderedAngry Kimchi Fries (7.95) - Sweet Potato Fries, spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, cheese, sunny side up egg, green onions, and jalapenos.  I like all of the components of this dish separately and in my head I thought why not put them together.  For the most part it was good, but I think if I were to order this again I would try to see if I could get regular fries instead of sweet potato.  But if you want to try something really different and maybe a little confusing for your taste buds, this might be for you.  *They give good portions of everything!  My intention was to share this with the whole group, except 3/5 of us order fries and all of a sudden were had a fry overload...which isn't totally a bad thing, but we didn't really come close to finishing all of the fries on top of our hot dogs. Beef Bulgogi Dog (5.95) - A good sized hot dog topped with bulgogi, slaw, green onions, and flavored mayo.  Really yummy and definitely made for a meat lover.  It had great flavors and was filling.  The hot dog bun didn't do too well in holding up, but my knife and fork helped me out in finishing itA fun place to grab a bite to eat :D
2	I called in... Tried to order some food, and felt incredibly rushed after he told me try didn't serve what I was ordering anymore. So I switched to a vegetarian style with kimchi and a fried egg...  He kept barking at me "anything else?? anything else??" ... even if I was thinking about getting something else, I didn't want to after being barked at like that. Hung up, got there only to feel rushed AGAIN when there were two people already seated and being fed, and one other guy who had already ordered before me. (Whom, he seemed considerably friendlier to). "Pick up order?" "Yes, veggie dog". I paid, and even tipped, and while I'm grappling to get my wallet, phone, and food together, he's saying thank you have a nice day--twice--as though I need to move faster... Uhm... OK.  For $6 I can handle crappy service. I got home, and when I opened my container, I was dismayed to see a hot dog in my "veggie" dog... In hindsight he must have heard "naked" instead of "veggie", because the only thing on it was kimchi and a fried egg. WELL, maybe you shouldn't be so rushed, especially with 3 customers in your vicinity. I try not to eat meat more than once a month so this was really a let down... but, not wanting to be "that customer" i ate it anyway. The ONLY reason I'm even giving it 2 stars is because, for what the dog was, it was really good. The kimchi was on point, and the egg was perfect. However, I like to eat what I ordered. And not be treated like shit in the process. I'll give this place one more try. Maybe next time I'll come in and order.
5	So many great varieties! I had the carne asada dog, so good! Full of flavor and had a kick!  Others in our group had the Mac n cheese dog, Hawaiian dog! Everyone loved it! Can't go wrong. The owner was so kind as well!!
4	Tried this place after hearing good things about. We ordered the mac and cheese dog, banh mi dog, angry dog and jumbo corn dog. Lets start with the bad. The jumbo corn dog was a complete joke. It was nothing more than a deep fried foster farm corn dog. Nothing jumbo about it and definitely doesn't fit in with their gourmet dogs that they're known for. Save your $1.75 and don't buy this. The good. The hot dogs even without all the unique topping is very flavorful and definitely 10 times better than any ordinary hot dog. The angry dog had bulgogi meat, asian slaw, spicy mayo and jalapenos. It did not disappoint, I would have liked it spicier however it had a very good balance. Banh mi dog was a pleasant surprise. The crisp pieces of pork and the pickled veggies made the whole experience amazing. I will for sure come back here again.
5	Love this place, I love Korean food and my boyfriend loves hot dogs....there is something for each of us here.  I like that its a relaxed atmosphere and the service is quick.  I have had the Kimchi fries and the Bi Bim Bap... so delicious.  My boyfriend is a fan of their chili dog and wings.  I am not a huge fan for hot dogs but know if I feel like it I can also switch it up and order a burger.  Their Bul Go Gi Burger is next on my list!!!  YUM!
5	I`m a bit picky about hot dogs. Normal ones are kinda boring. Chili dogs are too messy. But kimchi dogs? Amazing. The first and only other time I`d ever had one was at the top of the Seoul Tower and thought I wouldn`t be able to get another one for years. So glad to be wrong. Also got chili fries, which weren`t that great, but whatever. They weren`t terrible. And the employees were super nice. I really wanted to try the hangover soup cuz it sounds amazing, but I didn`t have enough room in my stomach ): and I live in California, so until next time...
4	The service here was wonderful! I had the angry dog and carne asada fries and they were very flavorful. The shop itself was small but clean and comfortable. It was a bit dim also. I would order from here again but I would take out.
5	I've never been here before but have driven past it so manny times and thought "next time I try this place." Well I finally did and it was bomb!!! I usually only get chili cheese dogs when ever I go to hotdog places but I thought heck why not change it up and I got the west cost dog and I'm really liking it.  Clean and friendly staff I can't Waite to go back again!!!
4	Euro fries are the bomb! Pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend and garlic mayo sauce! It's one of my favorite side dishes to eat. Chili cheese dog was good as well. Taste is much better than Pink's Hot Dogs.
5	This is so good I had to stop in the middle of the meal just to write this review. Food is awesome!
4	Wanna change up the $1.50 hot dog run to Costco every once in a while?  Hit up Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dogs for a fusion meat injection!  Yes.  I said it.  If you don't like meat, and you don't like tube forms...you best go back to sipping on your tofu and kale smoothie.  The words 'meat' and 'treat' are one and the same here!Buldogis is what it is, a bit of an oxymoron with it's 'gourmet hot dog' moniker.  We all know hot dogs were started to aid with meat rations during the depression, but Buldogis doesn't mind taking it up a notch.  Looking for some variety in your dog, look no further!  Buldogis offers over a dozen different kind of hot dogs, some traditional, some just kind of outta the park different.  But looking at reviews, it's all good.Yes, you will pay around $5-$6 per hot dog creation so don't visit if you only got $2 on you.  Just won't cut it.  Think of Buldogis as a treat or an experience, not a value meal and you'll be ok.  But no, this place won't break your wallet either (hello nearby neighbor Bachi Burger).  You will still be able to get a decent meal at Buldogis for just shy of $10 a person.  Save some money on your date, share a damn drink!  A couple bucks right there!  Unless your date has halitosis, or mono...or heaven forbid, BOTH.  Then maybe you should rethink your dating priorities.  Here's some of Buldogis seller dogs we tried:-Angry Dog - spicy pork bulgogi, Asian slaw, diced jalapeno, fiery mayo-Banh Mi Dog - pork belly, banh mi slaw, herb blend, sriracha mayoBoth winners!  The flavors of marinated pork, slaw, and condiments were complimentary to the premium all beef hot dogs served at Buldogis.  A surprising win-win flavor punch to the culinary gut!  KA-POW!Also had an order of the Euro Special fries, crazy loaded with goodness!  Pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, and an herb blend garlic mayo.  Heavy on the heart!Bit of warning - don't go to Buldogis if you are diet watching!  Food is delicious but not light on portions or calories!  I will say that you will have a stick-to-your-ribs kind of meal.  Lots of beef, lots of pork, lots of carbs!  If you must, opt for the Classic Dog or Naked Dog.  But you will sorely be missing out on what Buldogis has to offer.Buldogis has a specials menu that changes constantly, and offers lots of Korean delights and delicacies.  Also special new hot dog concoctions.  They do burgers, wings, and chicken tenders too, so be on the lookout for those.  Service is fast, but very friendly, and things pick up during the lunch rush.  There is a seating area with around 10-12 small tables but Buldogis is more of a takeout restaurant.Keep up with the Korean fusion guys, and I will be back to watching another round of K-dramas on Netflix...wondering how I can fit myself into a pair of skinny jeans and drive around in my Hyundai Veloster coupe!
5	My brother got me to try Buldogis for the 1st time yesterday. (Yeah, I know. I'm late to the party.) Congratulations to Buldogis!!! A spot I consider to be the only accepted form of Korean fusion. True fusion isn't simply stock-piling ethnic ingredients in non-ethnic foods. It's about merging 2 cuisines together to create something special. *sunshine and rainbows over*I wanted to try a little of everything so we ordered a Korean Hangover Soup + Kangnam (Gangnam) Dog + Angry Kimchi Fries. The soup had a homemade quality to it. I'm not sure exactly what kind of soup it is but I want to say it's like a not-so-spicy Yukgaejang w/ chicken instead of beef. It's a savory and not-too-salty broth with an herbal tone filled with tasty vegetables, chunks of chicken and dangmyeon (sweet potato noodles). I could probably live without hot dogs. Although they use 100% premium beef franks, I still get a sick feeling after eating one. It's either guilt or nitrates eating away at my soul. The Kangnam was tasty but I think their Bulgogi Dog would've been a better choice. I am totally obsessed with their Angry Fries. They look absolutely terrifying when they approach the table. Sweet potato fries topped with spicy pork, fried kimchi, an egg and other goodies. It sounds like an artery blocker because it is. But surprisingly, Korean food and sweet potato marry perfectly in this paper plate.In summary, I am no longer the anti-Christ of Korean fusion. It can be done and Buldogis does it well. Can't wait to be back to try their Carne Asada (bulgogi) Fries!
5	This was the third time I've been here and its still just as good.  This time we brought our two year old and it was better than expected for small kids.  There was another family there already with children also. I got the angry dog again because it's amazing, just the right amount of spicy.  My wife got the teriyaki dog and she couldn't stop talking about it.  We got the puppy dog for my son. .. He didn't like it at first but he warmed up to it when we gave him some fries to eat with it.  It's the prefect size for kids and you can get it plain so there's no mess. We also got an order of the euro fries that we all shared. . Those are by far my favorite.  They have garlic mayo sauce and pork belly.  So freaking good.  If you want to try something different or are just in the mood for an amazing hot dog you should give this place a try.
5	Finally made it by try out this place after hearing about it from a friend and on Yelp. I had the banh mi dog, hubs had the buckeye dog and baby had the puppy dog with ketchup - and we shared the classic fries. As a lover of all thing hot dog, this place did not disappoint. I'm usually a chili dog or ketchup and onions gal, so having the banh mi dog with pork belly, slaw and sriracha mayo was a bit of a leap for me, but it was soooo good. The hotdogs themselves are delicious, and the unusual concoctions just work. I tried a bit of the buckeye dog too and it was just as good. This is the kind of place where you're already planning your next trip before you leave. In fact, I would probably have lunch there today if I wasn't across town. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
5	Carne asada fries and philly steak dog!!!
5	The best hot dogs ever!
5	I had to setup a yelp account to share this place... Hot dogs are bomb, carne asada fries are bomb! I will never eat carne asada  fries the same way again after eating here!!!
5	Holy! A must try if you haven't  I had the Kangnam dog and the angry kimchi fries and both are delish!!!
5	Amazing! The hot dog was delicious! Next time I'm trying kimchi fries! Service was great - very friendly.
4	I would have given a 5 star if the location itself had been bigger. We almost didn't get a seat, but because we waited around for 20 minutes a table cleared out. The food is 5-Star!!!We had 4 adults and 2 toddlers, our order included a bit of a sampler so we could try different things...Euro Special Fries- Delicious! 2 adults thought a little mayo-heavy, but still enjoyed them. Other 2 adults and both toddlers loved them.Angry Kimchi Fries- Kind of a let down. They were hyped up on yelp, but just not so great in our opinion (all 4 adults). Just a little too busy, we couldn't taste any discerning flavors.Jumbo Corn Dog- Typical corn dog. Good, but nothing special.Chicken Tenders- Surprisingly good. Chicken was moist, hot, and the breading stayed on nicely. All of the adults stole pieces from the toddler they were meant for while she was distracted by the Euro Special Fries.Buckeye Dog- Out of the 5 hot dogs, this one got a solid 3rd place rating. Very good, enjoyed the corn relish that was on it. Flavorful.Hawaiian Dog- This one is tied for 2nd place with the Banh Mi. Everyone enjoyed this one, just wished it had a little more of the pineapple salsa on top. Bright sweet flavors, plentiful with scrumptious pork belly.Banh Mi Dog-This one is tied for 2nd place with the Hawaiian. The one adult who didn't like the teriyaki dog claims this to be the best of the best and could eat this one and no others and be happy. Very refreshing with vibrant flavors.Teriyaki Dog- This was the clear winner, 3 out of 4 adults put it in 1st place. Smothered in teriyaki meat with perfect flavors.Angry Dog- The flavors were nice, but this one got last place by everyone. Yes, it is called the Angry Dog because it is spicy. We all knew that going in, but it was overwhelmingly spicy with a raw harsh burn to it that mottled out the flavor quite a bit. If they cut back the anger a little, the taste would be easier to judge. This is coming from 2 wusses and 2 people that love spice and put peppers and ghost chili salt on everything!Overall, we will definitely be going back, there are still some good looking things to try and my wife is desperate for another Banh Mi Dog!
4	Dragged the BF here for a quick late lunch- we've been to a few "gourmet hotdog" places, and they've been pretty hit or miss for us. But I had a feeling about this place, and when it was featured as Yelp LV's review of the day last week, I knew I had to go soon.We arrived for a late lunch around 3PM. Two guys working- an owner-looking fella and a young cook. Stood at the counter for a good five minutes being ignored as they filled orders and walked them to tables without acknowledging me. BF eventually stood in line for me, asked to place an order, and was apologized to a few times about the delay. Guess customer service isn't quite the strong suit here.In their defense, even for a late lunch, the crowd was steady- we ordered the bulgogi beef and the bahn mi dogs, plus an order of the chili cheese fries. I loved the bulgogi dog- piled high with beef and green onions, it was tasty without being overwhelming. BF preferred the bahn mi, which had a good assortment of crunchy veggies and pork belly, with srircha mayo that had a good kick to it. We really could have done without the chili cheese fries, and they were underwhelming- the fries were unsalted and the chili was very basic, we should have stopped at the dogs or tried the Euro Special instead.Was impressed enough with the dogs we had to come back- BF is already making a list of what he wants to try on his next visit. But we're more likely to split 3 dogs than do 2 plus a side of fries next time. One dog is easily a meal for a girl or guys who don't have huge appetites, so don't go overboard ordering. Decent prices, too: think everything is about six dollars each, from the dogs and burgers to pimped-out fries.
5	If I had to sum Buldogis in one word, it would be innovative. I've been going here for years and never been disappointed (though order the dragon dog and you'll know pain). Budogis' menu hasn't just grown, but evolved. It began as Korean fusion gourmet hotdogs. It's now a fusion restaurant with hotdogs, burgers, fries, soups, rice bowls and more. There's been a new limited time item everytime I've stopped by that never fails to disappoint. Flavor is excellent. Portions are more than ample. And service... it's not just a smile, it's true hospitality. I can't recommend this eatery enough.
2	I ordered one of their "Gourmet" chili cheese dogs since it was my first time here.  While I waited for them to expertly prepare my dog, I read all over the walls about their acclaimed and innovative dogs.  This caused my expectations to rise.  I took it to go and ate it in my Tahoe and at first bite noticed the chili was ice cold and the dog only slightly warmed.  It was so cold that the cheese didn't even melt!   To make things worse, the bun was so inadequate it came apart in my hands as I attempted to eat it.  They had to know the chili was in the chiller so why not even put it under the salamander to warm the whole thing up?  Or how about warming the chili in the micro before service?  I did not take it back I just tossed it and will not return.  No wonder that there was no one else in this place??
4	Friendly service, amazing food , reasonably priced what more can you ask for ! I had the angry dog which had a Asian slaw , spicy pork bulgogi and a spicy mayo ! Yumm my husband had the carne Asada dog which he really like ! The chef also gave us two of the special mayos on the house to accompany our delicious  fries ! Loved it , will definitely be back for more . Ps the two napkin limit they have posted on top of the napkin dispenser is an inside joke from the owner ! Trust me I asked ;)
4	I'm not a big fan of fusion foods like these but this place really surprised me! They have a great menu with a simple twist on the great American staple, hot dogs! Granted you can grab a fusion inspired burger and fries if you don't love those snap in your mouth dogs. To keep it simple Buldogis stumbled upon a great idea and made it work to their advantage. I can't seem to get enough of their sweet yet savory Angry Kimchi fries(sometimes made perfect and a couple times a bit greasy), and the oh so decadent Banh mi dog, you can't go wrong with pork belly on anything!Make sure you come hungry because with all the great selections of custom dogs you're going to want to try them all, or at least bring a friend that will let you snag a bite of theirs when their not looking, cheers!
5	Delish food... Delish dogs and their Fries are amazing... Fun relaxed atmosphere. Very enjoyable... Outstanding customer service and very friendly and welcoming employees.
3	Different than what I am used to very good, large portions and a little pricey maybe burgers and hot dogs should be a la carte if they came with french fries. Good Service..
3	This will be my 3rd time here. Tonight we got the southern dog and the smoked dog along with Euro fries.They were just ok, we both said we could have done without the slaw. It was just too much. Halfway through we ate just the hotdogs out of the bun and toppings. I really like the euro fries and I love the garlic mayo. Some pieces of the pork belly was burnt though.Next time we will just opt to make our own hot dogs there. The service is fast and they are very friendly. Make sure you check in to get the 10 percent off special
4	Imagine two college roommates, one an all-american kid raised on classic fast food fare, the other a Korean foreign exchange student with an overprotective mom preparing meals weekly from home, and then picture some pothead next door raiding their refrigerator one night and throwing their leftovers together in one massive pile for a meal of his own.  That may have been my first impression upon glancing at the menu, but after finishing my first meal here I am convinced this is the work of some evil mad culinary genius.       Went and checked out this place over lunch with a friend and decided to sample their two most popular items: the #1 (Beef Buldogi hotdog)  and the Angry Kimchi FriesThe beef bulgogi dog is a 100% premium beef dog covered with an avalanche of Asian cole slaw, grilled onions, generous strips of beef bulgogi (marinated beef with Korean seasonings, finished off with a dusting of sesame seeds and a light drizzle of house mayo.   The first bite of any hot dog usually begins with a naked end devoid of bread or toppings, and one can tell that the Buldogi dog has been grilled to that perfect smokey char with a nice firm "snap" of the casing that explodes with mouthwatering flavor.  The contrast in textures and flavors from the tender bulgogi, crispy slaw, smokey onions, creamy mayo, and toasted sesame seeds surprisingly round out one another in harmonious balance.The angry kimchi fries was a whole other beast.  Wheras the oxtail chili cheese fries at Bachi Burger look better than they taste, the Angry fries here taste better than they look.  Start with a bed of sweet potato fries, add a layer of pork bulgogi, throw in some cooked kimchi and melted cheese with diced green onion and jalapeno, and then finishing the whole concoction with a sunny side egg, I found myself unable to stop with each progressive bite since something so wrong apparently seemed so right!  There's a stroke of brilliance with the choice of sweet potato for the starch since the natural sugar cuts through all the spicy and savory components and the richness from the cheese and runny egg yolk cleverly binds all the distinct bold flavors together  (pro-tip: break the yolk immediately upon being served otherwise the heat from the other ingredients will continue to cook the egg)If I had one minor critique, it would be the lack of beer and the ambience inside is a bit drab since I think the food has heavy flavors that go well with beer in the company of friends with a sporting event in the background since I would totally attend any stadium or ballpark which served these items.    It looks like they may have attempted to expand previously but the other location appears closed on yelp, but hopefully their following will grow to be successful on a repeat attempt in the future.
5	Completely surprised that a hot dog could be this good!?!  At the suggestion if the check I tried the Angry Dog.... Fantastic! I'll be back for more!
4	Definitely will be back, dogs were best I have had in town.
4	Had Angry Dog and Beef Bulgogi Dog. Looks messy, but actually tastes not too rich. The balance was just right.
5	Loved the fries! I ordered the kimchi fries and I also had a hot dog. I'm looking foward to trying something new next time. Friendly people and great food, I'll be going back :)
4	With all the competition out there between fusion restaurants, sometimes it seems like creativity starts to overshadow the drive to keep things fun and tasty. Enter Buldogi's. To say that they put a twist to the hot dog would be an understatement. Each hot dog is a specially crafted mixture of flavors and textures that definitely takes the classic to a whole new level but doesn't drown out the hot dog so much that you forget you're having a fun-time staple of food. It's the same with their fries, each choice has to be tried at least once. Unfortunately, I haven't even began to try their burger yet but I am sure they'll be just as amazing,One tip: the dogs they craft are so different in flavor....go with a group....order a few and split them up. This will give you a chance to see just how eclectic their style really is.
4	This asian fusion restaurant has the most unique menu that displays Korean-American food. They are known for their hot dogs but they also have burgers, chicken, fries, and Korean dishes. I got the kimchi burger and euro fries. The kimchi burger was $8 and it was huge! It included the patty, pork belly bacon, kimchi, lettuce, and I added cheese. I say this burger was worth the money spent because it was delicious. Everything blended together well especially with the euro fries. The euro fries were $6 and they were topped with garlic mayonnaise and pork belly bacon. The fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Again, it was awesome. The two guys working were very friendly. I forgot to use my 10% discount so one of them gave me a free soda! (: I highly recommend this place!
5	HOT DOG PARADISE!! If it hasn't been on Diners Drive Ins and Dives then it 100% has my vote.  I had the Angry Dog which was hella good, but once I bit into the Oppa Gangdam Dog I damn near fainted!! If you want a incredibly creative, bursting with flavor hot dog.. Then get the OPPA GANGDAM DOG!!
5	The place serves up some awesome food. The Angry dog was my favorite and we also had the banh mi dog . The euro fries.... Great stuff. I will definitely go back and recommend this place. Great job Cesar.
4	I love hot dogs.  Moreover, I love Chicago style hot dogs.  Vienna sausage, that vibrant, green relish, it's to die for.  I haven't found too many places here in Vegas that cut the mustard (Get it?  Cut the mustard!  It's a food pun!  Heh heh... ehh... m'kay, I'll shut up), but this place comes pretty close.  I won't say it had an authentic style Chicago hot dog, but it was really freakin' awesome all the same.  Plus, my wife and I tried some deep fried pickle spears, and they were really good, as well as their dipping sauces; one was a really flavorful ranch, another was a barbeque with hints of Korean seasoning, and then a spicy mayo/mustard mix.  The hot dogs are really large and they don't skimp on any of the fixings they put on top as well.  Really good place for really good hot dogs!
5	I love fusion food and Buldogis is no different. Grabbing an American classic and giving it a Korean twist, Buldogis has become one of my favorite places. Their menu is full of unique hot dogs, all with their own combination and flavor. They also sell burgers that are HUGE and again, with unique flavor. But wait, there's more. Their fries are amazingly fresh and packed with meat and cheese.Buldogis is really too hard to describe in words. Their entire menu is one big experiment, but I can guarantee it all tastes good. The owner is the coolest guy too. He's really friendly and welcoming. This place is definitely worth a try.
4	Pairing an American classic with Asian toppings, Buldogis is a hit and I return to try a new item every few months or so.  The Banh-Mi dog is my favorite because of its balance of textures and flavors ... sweet, spicy, and crunchy toppings placed on a perfectly cooked savory hotdog. I really like the slaw they put on top of the hot dog.  For those that aren't into hotdogs, Buldogis also offers fusion burgers and fries. Also, they have some more traditional style (non-Asian) hot dogs such as Chicago style which was also really good. Come try this place out. There is something for everyone.
4	I love coming here! The food is always on point! We usually come here after hiking up Mt. Charleston since it is within the area. The only thing that was disappointing was  that  we came in on a Sunday afternoon around 4pm and they stopped selling hamburgers since they close at 5pm. So make sure you get there earlier on a Sunday! Other than that, friendly staff!
4	Good food, nice to hangout at, ceasar isn't really a new customer kinda guy is mostly friendly to the ones he recognizes and would talk to people and use his cell at the same. Other than that top notch finger food, but they do need a ketchup dispenser. Ripping those ketchup packets open is a pain.
4	I haven't had a bad hit dog yet. Everything I've tried has been delicious. Service is fast and the fries are the bomb!
4	I am not usually a hot dog eater.  But.. if it is a top of the line or a Polish dog I am in.  This is my second trip to Buldogis.  Yes  the chill dog is amazing you need a fork! (And that is good) I just moved from Rancho Bernardo CA and the hot new place  there for hot dogs had a chili dog that was vegetarian no meat available.  The family that owns it claims everything is authentic.The East Coast Dog is great.  I lived in Jersey for a while.  I can't identify what in it  is East Coast but loved it.  Yes we all know many people swear by Costco hot dogs.  I don't even discuss Costco hot dogs with Costco fans.Dollar per dollar this is the best.  And the service is amazing.  Both times I have been there I can't say enough about the service.  AND they love dogs!  My German German Shepherd was spoiled this time.We are going back!
2	Great going down... not so great later. My roomate and I discovered this place about 2 years ago and since then have eaten there 1/2 dozen times or so. The cliffs notes is that all the food is delicious, but it is sooo rich/fatty/terrible for you that there is usually a great deal of time later spent nursing a stomach ache. Perhaps we are just getting old and can't take it anymore but we had to stop going because it just wasn't worth the tears.Let me explain more- we basically focused our ordering on things on the menu that have both pork belly and garlic mayonaise- so it could just be the combination of these two ingrediants that is waging a thermo nuclear war on our insides- but damnit those are the best things on the menu- what are we supposed to do eat some vegetables? Not in America chief. The inside- not very glamorous or inviting- definately a take out style place.
5	There is nothing healthy about this place but it is everything Yummy! Even if you aren't a huge hot dog lover, you can still appreciate the flavors that are added to their hot dog creations from their asian fusion offerings to their interpretation of American favorites like a Philly Cheesesteak. Sauces taste fresh as well as the ingredients, and not soggy at all. I do not recommend trying to eat this in your car because you need to mimick the Guy Fiere hunch and bite to avoid a mess. Now, I just wish they had another location closer to Henderson.
4	This place was pretty legit. I got the standard bulgogi dog and pork belly fries. Both were on point. Definitely gonna hit it up next time I'm at the movies.
5	Came here with my girl.  She got the bahn mi dog and I got the angry dog.  Both were amazing!  I recommend stopping in at least once especially if you like spicy stuff.  Also the bulgogi on the fries was killer as well :)
1	This is the second time I got food poisinging from this food. The first time both me AND my friend got food poisinging, but we ate at two different places together around the same time so we didn't know which one caused it. Since I wasn't sure if it was Buldogis or not that caused it, I decided to make another trip there last night to give it another chance. Big mistake. I've been throwing up angry kimchee fries all morning. Now I'M SURE it was them that caused it both times. Check out all the other Yelp reviews about getting sick after eating. Gross!
5	Chef was VERY nice and accommodating. I genuinely felt like he cared whether we had an enjoyable time. Had the Hawaiian dog for the sweet and savory. It did not disappoint. I'll be back!
5	First time coming here with my girlfriend and i must say, it was a very nice experience. The chefs were very nice and caring, they always checked up on us. The food was fantastic, i always loved hot dogs since i was a kid and this place reminded me of the good old days. I like the idea of combining Korean cuisine with an American tradition. If it's your first time i would definitely reccommend the Carne Asada fries. So all in all, i would absolutely come here again.
5	Every time I come here the chef remembers my order and treats me and my friends like kings such a great environment and grade A good every time cooked to perfection. I will continue to return where ever you guys go thank you for the great service and great EXPERIENCE!!!
5	Thanks to my certifiably insane desire to try everything on the planet at least once, we came here all the way from Florida to indulge.The Chef was super helpful as we explored the menu and made our selections. I chose to go the non-spicy route and Chef kindly offered to customize to meet my needs. My wife decided to take the extra spicy route and the result, balanced perfectly!Angry kimchee fries are now our new meal of choice. Getting some extra sauce for extra angriness was definitely a positive move. The sauce is so freaking good we got a small container to go! If only it was available bottled, we'd take it home on the plane and start a Buldogi fan club in Florida!There were plenty of families there with young kiddies who enjoyed some of the dog statues / decor. The items were at perfect kiddo height so they were petting the pretend dogs and really enjoying themselves while their parents scarfed down demented kimchee bulgogi garlic bacon hot dog concoctions! We can't wait to return!
4	A little away from the strip, in a more local area. They have great, unique hot dog toppings here! I got the off the menu hot dog that was named me - the Gang Nam Dog (hot dog, roasted pork belly, sliced cucumber, nori flakes, green onions, sesame seeds, Korean chili sauce). It tasted fantastic! Also tried a friend's Hawaiian Dog (hot dog, pork belly, pineapple salsa, g-onions, honey Dijon mustard), which had a nice welcomed slight sweetness from the pineapple and honey mustard. The Euro Special fries (pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend, garlic mayo, fries) and the Carne Asada fries (beef bulgogi, 5 cheese blend. pico de gallo, diced jalapeno, chipotle mayo, avocado mayo, fries) were bomb with the carne asada one being more flavorful. One of my friend is a regular here so they hooked us all up with free drinks. Checking in on Yelp gets you a 10% discount. Staff are really friendly and helpful. The food here is way better than most of the overpriced stuff that you find on the strip. A definitely good Vegas stop.
5	Amazing quality, generosity, and creativity!! The owners are always very friendly and the dogs are amazingly full of complimentary flavors!  Also, each time I have come they've given my dog a full beef hotdog treat :)
5	So far I've had the Angry dog, Buckeye dog, and the Philly dog. Along with the kimchi fries and euro fries with fried egg. Everything's been top notch. If heaven had sex with a pig, 9 months later, a Buckeye dog would come out.
5	Im a huge fan of hot dogs so needless to say I was pretty excited when Yelp told me about this place. I got the East Coast with a fried egg on top. It was definitely my definition of DELICIOUS! I will be back, I have to try more doggies!
4	Angry Dog- 5 stars. It has spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, jalapenos, and fiery mayo. The marinade on the spicy pork was perfect. Meat texture was juicy. The edges were slightly charred, giving that crisp texture while being tender everywhere else. OH SO GOOOOOOOD. The hot dog itself was also INcredible. Beef Bulgogi Dog- 4 star.  I think the pork bulgogi was so good, that the bulgogi was outdone. THe casing of the sausage had an awesome crunch.  Agh. So good. I haven't gotten to try the fries yes, but would def go back here and get some more of that Angry Dog.
5	Amazing! Everything on the menu has so many various ingredients and flavors! If you don't like the food here its your fault because you ordered wrong. Seriously though this place is great!
5	Best hot dogs in Las Vegas hands down! Sorry, Pink's you've been replaced. We tried this place for 1st time today and wow yum. The reviews set pretty high expectations, which I must say were all met. Great flavor profiles & fusions. The staff was super friendly as well, entered with a greeting and he even came to check on us, to make sure we were enjoying our meal. We will most definately be back.
5	Yes, these are as good as it gets.  I don't even like hot dogs but these, I like a lot, ok, I admit it, I LOVE these dogs.  The hot dog itself, ignoring the toppings, are HUGE.  Then you add toppings like cheese steak, or pastrami, and you get this over the top, humongous hot dog meal in a paper boat.  It's TDF.  It really is.For sides, I have two words for you:  Euro...Fries.  So much garlicky,  pork belly, cheesy fried goodness.  YUM!Run, don't walk, go there and bring an appetite.  And, btw, if you have this for lunch, you will still be full at dinner time.  The dogs are that big.
5	Tried the Angry dog at the foodie festival this weekend and it was the best thing there! Spicy, messy and so damn good. Can't wait to try other dogs!
4	Still the best hotdogs in town.  Super delish, tried new Gang Nam dog. Euro fries rock.
5	Probably the best gourmet hotdog place in Las Vegas. Variety of hot dogs with crazy topings. Service is great. Prices did go up a dollar more but I understand the food Cost went up also. Authentic American Korean hotdog place in town. Probably not the healthiest place to eat but but if you got a cheat date this is the place to come. I favorite item on the menu is the angry dog. I wont say what it is but I want you guys to go try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	LOVEE! East Coast dog is to DIE for!I do wish the location on Spring Mtn offered it though
5	This has to be the greatest hot dog/hamburger place I have ever had the pleasure to dine in! The staff here is always incredibly nice and helpful. The food will most definitely keep you satisfied until your next meal and everything I have eaten there so far is fantastic. The place is always nice and clean and small enough to feel cozy.I'm a big fan of the Hawaiian burger but honestly I do not think you could go wrong with anything on their menu.
1	Ate a chicken corn dog & fries from here yesterday. I've been sick ever since. Vomiting, diarrhea, chills, fever....definitely food poisoning of some kind. If you decide to go here make sure everything is cooked all the way through.
4	Great Links got me started on a gourmet hot dog quest, which landed me at Buldogis. It's a typical, small hot dog shop/diner, serving up some really yummy creations. You can get anything from bulgogi to their take on a Chicago dog for toppings, even as a vegetarian hot dog, if you prefer. My favorite here is the west coast dog, topped with grilled onions, cheese, and seriously, the most delicious avocado mayo. I prefer a real Chicago dog to their version, but maybe they felt the need to switch it up because they are next door to Chicago Brewing Co.
5	Best gourmet hotdog joint in Vegas..I work in the same shopping complex as this business and they are always super friendly and everything on the menu is superb. If you haven't tried or were thinking about trying them out, I ask you why haven't you gone yet!
5	I thought I liked hot dogs before, but a Nathan's all beef hotdog with relish, mustard, & ketchup doesn't even make the starting lineup here.  14 named dogs, plus a classic, AND a customize your dog option makes for great options.I have a new admiration and respect for cooks who take the time to do hot dogs right, and Buldogi's does it RIGHT!I had the Buldogi Chicago dog; gad it is delicious! A great balance of mustard, relish, tomatoes, green onions, peppers, pickle spear, and celery.While dogs are the staple here, they also have a good selection of fries, burgers, tenders/wings.
4	Great change of pace fast food, creative hot dogs, burgers. I'm full and very satisfied.
4	I know this is my second second review for Buldogis but one VERY much so warranted because who knew same kick ass korean hot dog would be just as AwesSome on burger!! I have always been meaning too get around too trying the burgers just taking me this long. Thank goodness for visitors plus ones that love food. All I keep thinking about telling my friends is the bulgogi meat on top combine with rest of the components. Amazing. So right off the top went with the Bulgogi Burger totally forgetting about my favorite dog the asian dog. They do have for burger too. =( Bulgogi Burger was just as good!!!Bulgogi Burger. Lets not even start with the topping but the burger itself is awesome. It taste fresh, nice size, cooked perfect, and juicy with every bite till the last piece. Really I could have just ordered a plain burger and be totally in burger heaven. The icing on the cake. Top if off with bulgogi meat (nice portion), cabbage on top, aioli on top, and garnish with chopped green onions. It not excess overload cause with every bite can taste each component coming together. Yet still get hand and fingers messy cause hot dogs suppose too be messy. The burger bun is good too! Service still awesome. They constantly check make sure things good, greet you with warm welcome moment open the door, and great service all around.
3	"Very Mixed Review"Gourmet or not, a hot dog has to taste like a hot dog. We don't think they do. Nice sausage, a little too salty but not a hot dog. Presentation is beautiful! We had the chili dog which is piled high with chili and shredded cheese. Also had the Chicago dog which was picture perfect. Tried the kim chee, which I liked, but was too spicy for my wife. Employees were very accommodating and pleasant. We might go back and try something else on the menu.
5	Can only write about the beef buldogi because even though their menu is fairly extensive, that's all I ever order!  Even when I go to their foodtruck. Am hooked.  Love the slices of tender bulgogi Korean-style beef, Asian slaw, green onions, special sauce, all piled high on a yummy grilled dog.  Like plate lunch on a bun. Makes me want to drive right over and get one--just wish they had a drive-through!  Parking is usually available right out front, so only a few steps into Buldogis.
4	Stop #2 for Joy's Food Adventure. Get a hot dog. Seriously. Just. Do. It.It's a not so average hot dog joint with mash-ups that leave you wondering, "Why the frump didn't I think of this?!" I guess it also helps to merge different cultures together. All cultures are represented in a fusion-esq way. The interior was cozy with a diner like feel. The people at the counter were really nice and happy!It's safe to say that I am a fan of the all mighty (sometimes) mysterious hot dog. If you are as well then you will truly appreciate the slight snap of the casing with all it's  majestic glory. I only wish I had the stomach for some pork belly bacon or chicken.We ordered: *Bulgogi - the meat and the slaw was very flavorful, but I personally wasn't too keen on the sauce. Took me over the edge.*Gagnam -Chopped green onion, thin strips of seaweed, sesame seeds, cucumbers, sauce. Probably my favorite because of it's simplicity. It was refreshing and had the right amount of stuff to keep me interested.*Carne Asada Fries - not as good as San Diego style. The carne was a lil' on the tough side and the fries got soggy fast. Would have liked an avocado piece or two.Worth a try for sure!
5	Guys here are always great and the food is delicious.  Staff is always willing to do custom orders for you so don't hesitate to ask the chef for whatever you want to try.  I had a Custom Banh Mi Salad today and it was over the top.
5	Buldogis picks up where all other hot dogs give up. Piled high with gourmet toppings and sauces, Buldogis has managed to turn what is usually a snack into a meal. I usually get the teriyaki dog myself, but my roommate gas tried several others, not a miss yet! The euro fries are a tasty tasty treat. But like most treats should be consumed on moderation....who am I kidding, they're so good!Also a special shout out to those with gluten sensitivities: Buldogis won't hesitate to skip the bun and put your delicious hot dog and toppings over a bed of spinach or lettuce! I personally think the spinach is a little tastier but the owner tells me he's moving toward the lettuce -based 'dog salad', which should be a huge hit this summer! Be sure to ask for your Buldogis without the bun!
5	The food here is always amazing! The portions are worth the money. The prices range from about $5-10 so it's not that expensive. The angry kimchi fries are the BEST thing to order here, the fries are sweet potatoe fries so it just makes the dish taste even better! My girlfriend and I came here when they first opened and their menue has just gotten bigger and better! They now offer burgers and bowls. This is a must place to eat if you are ever around the neighborhood
4	Excellent hot dog! I had the east coast dog and chili fries. I was unsure if it was going to be good by the photos on the menu. But I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hot dog and ingredients. The hot dog was a high quality meat hot dog. Definitely worth a stop for lunch!
5	Off the chart!! Best dogs on the planet! Their menu is vast and the put together combinations like no other. Incredible .
5	We had wonderful dogies here. Taste of the different choices were excellent. Attention was nice and warm. Hope they continue serving as well as today for ever !
1	Good if you like hot dogs, bad if you don't. I've been to this place a few times and have yet to discover why everyone else likes it so much. Their hot dogs are ok, but I'm not a fan of hot dogs so I can't really give a qualified opinion on their hot dogs. I can, however, tell you that their chicken tenders are the worst I've ever had. They're like elongated chicken nuggets that you can find in the frozen food section of your local supermarket. In fact, I think they probably took it out of the freezer and microwaved it. I'm not sure why they would serve this on their menu, even Dairy Queen has better chicken tenders! Also, their customer service needs work. The guy who took my order kept looking at the TV behind me the entire time and never made eye contact. Perhaps he thought what was on TV was more interesting than a paying customer. I'm sure other customers have had awkward experiences with the staff there. As I was waiting for my food, a big group of guys came in and had to figure out which tables to put together to form a larger table as the cashier just stood there and stared without offering any help. Never coming back again.
5	Went here the first time because they had a mac n cheese dog......delicious!   Went back for a Carne asada dog a few days later..... Delicious.  Figured I'd give the Carne asada fries a try and again..... Delicious.    I've never been let down here.  The staff is always attentive and nice. And the prices aren't ridiculous. Best hot dog place I've been to in vegas.
3	I am.not a hot dog eater, but my coworkers were trying this.place out and not too bad.  Everything I.ordered was delicious.  I.got.the bulgogi fusion dog and euro fries.  The garlic mayo sauce is good too.  I normally dont eat like.this, I.worked out this.morning and the way.this.placeade me feel.after.eating this meal, I need to.work.out again tonight.  this was bad for.me, but I am.pretty sure.u.meat lover may appreciate this.place better than me.  I recommend.you.try it.  nice workers.  10% discounts for .all of us.
5	Great Customer service!!!!!welcoming by the owner, Best International Hot Dogs EVER!!!??
5	This place rocks!!! It's a little drive away from the LV Strip but definitely well worth the drive! Customer service is awesome and the food is cooked to perfection -- phenomenal! The food is amazingly different that we have encouraged the manager to talk to the owner about opening a shop in San Diego. I couldn't eat just one hot dog -- had to go for another. Together we had the angry dog, smoked dog, Chicago dog, and the Hawaiian dog along with the Euro fries ... All yummy!!
5	Bulldogis is awesome, as a first time visitor the other day with my wife and child. I was blown away with the menu. So many to choose from, I didn't know where to start. I like spicy food so I went with the carne asada and had habanero sauce added (not as spicy as I thought it would be). My wife had pork belly and I had a taste of it, simply sublime. If you are in the mood for a hotdog, give it a try. Also, we told them we found out about it on yelp and gave us a 10% discount (unfortunately, he already rang us up, but gave us a free drink) so make sure you let them know how you found out about them!
4	Been looking for a good hot dog in Las Vegas after moving here a little less than a year ago. This place has good hot dogs and has been the best I have found so far. Their chilli is not my favorite, but overall the hot dog was good and the service is very friendly.
5	Hands down the best dogs I have ever had! Lots of awesome fusion flavors to choose from. Definitely a must go to joint to satisfy your taste buds!
5	I love the food! I love the chef! We are always hooked up. We love everything on the menu! Even the soda taste better!
4	Great little divey place to pick up a quick bite would have given it 5 stars but the staff wasn't all that friendly or willing to answer questions. I had Hawaiian dog loaded with toppings great flavor pork belly was a little over done my husband had the Southern dog he had no complaints. Overall good food not to bad for the price we got 2 dogs and a fry for 18 bucks.
1	Been wanting to try this place since I moved to Vegas almost a year ago.  Finally made it in today to very empty hotdog spot and thought "great, should be in and out of here".  The big guy with the accent tells me and my girl to sit down and someone would be with us.  After sitting there for 5 minutes without anyone approaching us, I decided to go ask the same big guy if someone would be taking our order at our table.  He tells me that I need to order at the register so I remind him that he told me to sit down and someone would be with us.  He then snaps at me and tells me "I have to cook, too!"  At that moment I told my girl that we were leaving.  He didn't apologize and went about his business.   It's unfortunate, this place seems like a cool place but I'll never return to a place with such terrible customer service.
4	Delicious!!! I am not a hot dog fan, but the amazing combinations and toppings Buldogis has to offer has changed my mind. Not only that, their Kimchi Fries are a great side to share with somebody. I am never disappointed or still hungry after eating here!
4	One of the things I miss most from Chicago are Gourmet Hot Dogs Done Right. Buldogis goes a long, long way to filling that void.I've had 4 or 5 different dogs from them now, and every one of them has been phenomenal. If you are a former Chicagoan like me who was weaned on Hot Dougs and Frank's n' Dawgs, be warned that all the dogs are a "normal" Hot dog base. No elk sausage fanciness here; all the goodness is in the toppings. (match your expectations to your venue, yelp)Similarly to Komex, Buldogis soars in the realms of contrast and texture. Salty crunchy crispy sweet meaty gooey juicey...all of these are combined and woven across the various dogs into a palette of beefy deliciousness. Every dog tastes different, and wonderful. You can get a filling meal for under $10, and there's a huge variety. I think I actually slightly prefer the Bahn Mi over the Buldogi...but both are lip smackin'.The owner (I think?) has been the one to help us on more than a few occasions, same guy, at any rate, and he is the nicest person. The first time we'd stopped in, we had planned on getting takeout, since we had the dog in the car, when we noticed they had a patio. Checked with the fellow behind the counter to make sure it would be okay if we stayed, and he brought our pup out a free mini hot dog and a little cup of water. Which was pretty awesome. (our dog is a corgi, so there were dog sausage cannibal jokes to be had)Pros;- Great food, people, price, and variety.- Fried. Pickles. - Easy parking, easy to reach off strip location.- Dog friendly staff and patio.- Probably a great place to bring a kid, especially one who's a little bit adventurous food wise.Cons;- Sort of a little restaurant, so probably not great for a group.- It's not fast food, and if it's busy and you didn't call ahead, your order might take a few minutes. Definitely worth waiting for, but something to plan ahead.
5	Most amazing kimchi fried rice I've tasted. The chef Ceaser is real friendly, come check him out he will hook you up.
5	Best hot dogs on the left coast! Forget about Pinks. These dogs are insane. I recommend the kimchi fries..... Ridiculously good! The owners are way chill, and you can tell they love what they do. It's a must every time I'm in Vegas.
5	So I come here almost every week for my angry dog fix. Caesar the cashier is very friendly & has awesome customer service. He's professional & remembers exactly what I like & want every time when I come to Buldogis. The man deserve a raise ;) anyway the food gets better everytime. & the cooks are also pretty cool & really friendly & food comes out perfect every time. This place definitely deserves 5 Stars more like 6 stars. All around this restaurant gets it all. From customer service to food. They A's it in every category. Thanks guys for providing awesome customer service & delicious food for all of us.
5	Ohhhmyyygoodness! Wow, this place is awesome, so glad I decided to try it! I am not a huge hot dog fan but I loved it! The prices are great the food is great and the service was great. So we had the Chilli cheese dog, fries with seasoning, euro special(fries), chilli cheese fries, east coast dog, Chicago dog, and a Philly steak dog, naked hot dog and corn dog(chicken)!! There were different sauces to use for dipping for you fries and so many delicious add on..... they were great. There are so many options for hot dogs and other food besides that. There was also a check in offer for 10% off your meal which was great! Highly recommend this joint if you want a plain dog or a fancy one! Food was quick, hot, and fresh! And the beef was out of this world as far as quality goes. Definitely my top spot for a hot dog and fries.
4	We ordered a bulgogi dog and a banh mi dog. It was delicious without being overly spicy. You can even order everything as a salad. Definitely going to try that next time.
5	Buldogis is awesome. My favorites are the teriyaki dog with carne asada fries. You can never go wrong with that combo.
5	The hot dogs are juicy and smoky. And the choice of toppings is awesome, though I usually just get cheese and onions. The place is small and unfortunately, the soda machine is limited, but the tasty dogs are worth it. The owner is very friendly and recognizes you after a couple visits. This place isn't fancy, but it's better than fast food.
5	Huge dogs, very tasty. I had a naked dog with cheese and onions.
4	This place is very good. Prices are on point and you get a very big hot dog. They have many varieties of dogs including your favorites. They have sides such as fries, deep fried pickles and other things. The hot dogs are large in themselves and I believe are Vienna beef dogs. My only complaint that could turn these great dogs into fantastic dogs would be to do away with the grill and charbroil the hot dogs.. that would make the flavor go from like a 7 to a 10/10
5	OMG...absolutely the best dog I have ever had!! And the carne asada fries were ridiculous! This is my new favorite place!
5	Top notch food. Top notch. service. Amazing chef that clears your tray and converses with you. This place is the pinnacle of all that is delicious.Bulgogi dogs are amazing, as with the bulgogi fries. Truly amazing stuff.
5	I had the Angry dog and it was very very tasty. I will definitely be back to this place. They have unique flavors. It's not your normal hot dog stand, that's for sure!
5	This place is Amazedogs! The staff is friendly. The food is awesome. Everything's clean. You have got to go here. 5 stars!
5	Great service, great food, great everything! Chef was very helpful and kind. Place has a nice vibe.
5	Best hotdogs I have ever had. These are the knife and fork kind. Chili cheese fries awesome and flavorful.  Friendly and welcoming staff. Will definitely be back for more.
5	Ok, up front, I'm a hot dog nut.  I have not tried Pinks yet.  However, outside of Spikes on the east coast, this is the best I've had in the country.  Damn!!  These kids know what they are doing!!  The chef (yes, he wears white and when you taste his food, you'll understand why) is very friendly and is great with suggestions.  I've been three times now and the chili cheese dog (a standard) is amazing.  They make the chili from scratch.  YUM!  The Chicago Dog should not be missed!  I tried the Junkyard Dog, which was a special and it was super great!  Going to go for some of the Asian stuff next time.  If you like some dogs, or want to step out and try something creative, this is the place to do it.
5	Third trip here and amazing as always. I had the buckeye dog and the carne asada fries. Super filling, the fries can definitely be shared between 2 to 3 people. Thankfully I was starving so it didn't go to waste. Highly recommend for a cheap, delicious dinner. Perfect stop before going to the movies.
4	Small little restaurant with delicious food. I had the bulgogi dog and the angry kimchi fries...awesome. I definitely over ate, I think normally someone might order a specialty dog and regular fries, but I wanted to check out the flavors. It sort of looks like a fast food spot inside, but the people there are sincerely friendly, and it feels comfortable and relaxed. Everyone should go check this place out.
5	Not just a novelty...but delicious hot dogs. I had the angry kimchi hot dog and the bulgogi dog. Angry kimchi dog is the better of the two even though both were delicious. I also had the euro fries it was good. I would have like the bacon to be a little crispier. I would try other dogs but my stomach does not have room. I would have loved to try the hawaiian dog. Ceasar the owner was very pleasant.
4	This is a small restaurant with interesting flavors. They support the military and give military discount which was a plus for us since we are a military family. I ordered the beef bulgogi dog which had good flavors. Although, the condiments were piled high and a little messy I thought it had bold flavors and was interesting. My husband ordered the banh mi dog which he ate pretty fast so I know he enjoyed it. He also ordered us carne asada fries to share with an egg on top. Overall, this place was very interesting and I enjoyed their food.
1	Came here on an evening day & this was my boyfriend & I first time. The chef was cooking and so we waited for a good ten minutes & as we were waiting, we happen to watch the chef & he did not wear any gloves at all. During the time he was cooking, he pulled out his phone & used it in the middle of cooking. After he was done, he went back and touched the food. He did not wash his hands at all! That is a health code violation! First impression failed for a 4 1/2 star place.
4	Came on a Sunday night as they were closing - they were friendly about it and we shared a Chicago dog and a angry kimchi sweet potato fries.Pluses:- Lots of flavor and options- Food is made to order- Fries came loaded with toppings- Interesting concept - something for everyone on the menuMinuses:- The feel of the place is really casual - looks like it used to be a QuiznosGlad we got to try it since were staying off strip in Summerlin.
5	The Angry Kimchi fries are bomb. The Bulgogi Dog is yum. The Hawaiian Dog is delish. Wish they could serve the Angry Kimchi fries at the food truck though. The service is great and the employees are very nice. I come to this location often cuz it's the closest to my house and I would like to visit the cafe on Spring Mountain soon.
4	1st timer there & the food was amazing. Tried the angry burger (very fulfilling) & kimchi fries! Not only that but Cesar was truly kind & provided excellent service!
5	God tier food with great customer service. I've never been disappointed by a meal here.
4	If you find yourselves in Vegas, stop by this place.  The food is really good.  But I suggest you look at the menu from their website beforehand--it will be a little overwhelming when you get there.  There's a lot of choices!The chef/owner is very friendly.  We ordered 3 hotdogs (naked, Banh Mi, Beef Bulgogi) and a small classic and Euro fries.  Naturally, we had leftover fries but no more sauce.  The board said an order of sauce will cost extra.  When we asked for it and were ready to pay, the guy behind the counter said, "I'll give it to you for free".  Mind you, the price is nominal, but the gesture was great customer service.  Don't miss out on this place!
5	The carne asada fries from here is SO GOOD! Everything tasted perfect, the fries, sauce, meat.. I would definately come here again when I'm craving for some more carne asada fries! When I walked in, I was greeted by the owner. He was a big guy with a big heart. Very nice and even offered me a free drink. Everyone should definately try this place out, they also offer 10% for your first check in here.
5	This place is THE SHIZZLE!!!! Best hotdog I've ever had (sorry Grandma :/ ) but damn, I recommend this place FERSHIZZLE! "I've always wanted to say that."
5	Best hot dog I've had in Vegas, carne asada fries aren't your typical Roberto's tacos type, these have their own sass.
5	The best hotdogs in Las Vegas! The Angry Dog is a must if you like spicy, and the chili dog is simply amazing.
5	As far as hot dogs go, this establishment on the west side of town at Village Square, is excellent! They also have a location on Spring Mountain and Rainbow. I believe it's more Korean driven at that location. But, they have some of the same items at both locations. I would recommend giving both a try. And don't hesitate to try the Philly Burger, I hear it's quite the BEES KNEES. And they have Turkey Dogs for all you health conscious folks, like me. Tofu may be on the menu too, I dunno. There is so much to choose from. If hot dogs are making a comeback, "Hot Dog on a Stick" has some serious competition.... Too much in fact.
5	Best Hot Dog in vegas! I've been here multiple times without disappointment.  Angry Dog is my favorite. YOU will not be disappointed!
4	Came here for the first time today and was pleased to find a nice variety of items. There is a large selection of hot dogs that represent a lot of different cuisines. I had the bulgogi hot dog with kimchi and all the flavors worked out really well. The prices are reasonable and they also have burgers and rice bowls. Definitely coming back here!
4	I am a fan of Asian delicacies. I was surprised to see that this was Korean Fusion. Though this is a fusion casual style restaurant keep in mind that the secret is in the menu. If you don't know, ASK.  You could get hooked. I had the Beef Bulgogi Dog. See the pic. The Korean Beef was a great addition to this dog. The slaw and green onions gave it the semi-sweet turn that the name sake would give to it. If you like sweet relish on your dog then this is your next hotdog. By the way the whole reason for coming was my son asked for chili cheese fries. Let's just say he left full.
5	If you are a looking for a delicious hot dog, this is the place to go! Food is fresh and the service is excellent.  They have something for everyone; spicy, chili cheese dogs, or a good old fashioned dog with ketchup and mustard.If you are daring they have a Dragon Kimchi dog challenge. There has been 1 person to complete the challenge successfully and it's me! You have to eat 3 of there Dragon Kimchi Dogs in 5 minutes. It's not easy but if you finish it it's free.Their Euro Fries are pretty delicious. The sauce they have on them gives them a good flavor mixed with the bacon and cheese. I tried the Santa Fe Dog last trip and it was pretty good. It is not a hot dogn it's a hot link. Adds a different flavor and a little spice other than their normal hot dog. Caeser is a cool guy and runs the place and is very customer oriented.
5	We come here every couple weeks when we want solid hotdogs or bowls. The staff is super friendly and the food is amazing. Try the Euro Fries for a delicious twist .
1	I am really confused of the high ratings of this place. My experience was awful. 1.The cashier had math problems of a less than $10 check. 2. Food is mediocre 3. They charge you for extra napkins... In a place where you need  to eat with your hands! 4. They asked you to take out USED toilet seat cover which is soaked in urine and dripping and throw it into trash can because it will clog the toilet. Ugh... Seriously?
5	For a fast food place, they make a great hot dog.   The different flavors mixed with the hot dog create one great combination.   I also tried the asada fries.  They were delicious.   This is a great place to just enjoy food.  If you are a health nut, you may want to avoid it, but if you like hot dogs and Korean food, it is a great mix.
5	I went in to buy a gift card to give to a friend and they told me they don't sell gift cards. Perhaps they should look into taping into a different form of sales. Just a thought. Still love there dogs though.
5	Best hotdog I think I've ever had the euro fries were also excellent The chef Cesar did an excellent job and took the time to welcome us to Las Vegas very polite clean and service was excellent
2	Came in for the first time and I'm sadly disappointed. I don't know if it was an off day or not but the service was terrible. The guy at the register rushed me to order, and he had an attitude. Level of business was slow so I was surprised he was so pushy.I got the bulgolgi dog To go. I thought for a 7 dollar hot dog this must be something massive and filling. Instead I got a normal hot dog. With a bunch of shit on top loaded with mayo. The slaw is covered in mayo and some squirted on top. The beef was nowhere to be found. If you want an overpriced hotdog that is mediocre at best, this is your spot. I can not get the taste of mayo out of my mouth. Gross.
5	First of all, the service was amazing! I was greeted as though I had been there twice a week for ten years. The food was even better. I had the turkey dog and it was like nothing I've ever had. I'm a self-proclaimed "foodie" and this place certainly hits the high points of the "foodie" culture! A must try!
5	Its rare to find a combination of deliciousness of this quality in this town.Possibly the best hotdog Ive ever eaten. The angry kimchi fries are a meal to themselves, and are out of this world.I will be going back very, very soon.
4	Went by for lunch again, tried the Buldogis Chicago Dog with kimchi add-on.  In retrospect probably not the best combo, but kimchi is fresh and good, and they give you ample amounts.  The combo of the dog, kimchi, pickled peppers, catchup & mustard make it much too salty, however.  I think the bulgogi or spicy pork with the addition of kimchi will be the real winners.  Still, this is good stuff.
5	Best customer service, good food, always tell them you found the restaurant by Yelp you get a discount.
4	Ate here for the first time yesterday. And it was AMAZING! I had the hawaiian style burger. And Kim chi fries. Both were mind blowing. Price for burgers and fries were reasonable.  But just for plain hotdogs for my 2 kids were 3.95 each . Which is a bit much for just plain hotdogs that's the only reason I ranked it a 4 star. But taste, customer service and atmosphere were all great
5	This is hands down the BEST gourmet hot dog joint! My husband and I are not locals of Vegas, we're from Long Beach, Ca (LA). With that said, our taste buds are spoiled with amazing food fushions and we find ourselves to be extremely picky and snobby when it comes to food. We are huge foodies and generally take a mom and pop establishment over a corporate food chain restaurants any day out of the week. What we really loved about Buldogies was it's risky twist in turning a basic dog into a Korean infused work of art! Kimchee and bulgogie with your dog?! I know, sounds crazy, but trust me, it's amazing! Caesar, the owner was an extremely nice gentleman when I asked if he could throw something together that my mom (Korean) would make us growing up.  He didn't hesitate and he made it exactly how my mom made it! We also had the wings......killer! Super crispy and full of flavor, you really don't need dipping sauce! If you're bored of the same ol chain restaurant experience, please take my advice and give Buldogies a try, it won't disappoint!!!!
5	Ho dog goodness. Carne Asada dog had just enough spice. The place to go for a good dog with a flair of spiciness.
5	This is my third time coming to Buldogis and I have been beyond satisfied each and every time. The Hot Dogs here are great quality and the specialty dogs are very creative and taste excellent. So far my favorites have been the Philly Cheese Steak dog and the Carne Asada Dog. The Carne Asada Fries are delicious as well. The service here is also great as the cooks are very friendly and truly aim to give you the best dining experience possible.
5	The angry dog was fantastic. All the flavors work together and compliment each other wonderfully. Hands down best hot dog I've ever had. Surprisingly filling as well.
5	Wow, I have never been to any place like this the hot dogs although a bit expensive are AMAZING.  You have to come here and try it at least once. It's so good, lots of flavor and I Love the fries although the chili was a bit sweet. But main reason I gave 5 stars is not only because of the delicious flavor but because of the awesome service I received. The guy was very nice and made sure to keep checking up on us. I will definitely be back soon ;)
4	I really don't even know how to critique a hot dog but let's just say that it got the job done! I'm not always in the mood for a hot dog but after passing this place so many times and reading previous reviews k thought why not? When I walked in there were two guys working one was sitting down in the lobby eating and the other was behind the counter. I started to look at the menu that was posted on the counter next to the register and the guy says "that's not my menu, the one on the table behind you" hmm I thought that was kind of strange but whatever he suggested the traditional chili cheese dog or the Chicago style dog I went with the chili dog because the other hot dogs seemed to have way too much going on with them. Hot dog took less than 5 minutes to prepare, got it enjoyed it and I may be back to try the carne asada fries..
5	oohhmyygodd. I love this place so much. I crave it all the time. my boyfriend and I even came here for our two year anniversary
5	I absolutely love this place! Their euro fries are amazing. And the man who works there remembers me and my order every time! I think that's impressive hehe.
4	The food is as good as the reviewers state. I have eaten here a few times and always found the food and service to be great! My only suggestions--- Coke Freestyle machine would be a great beverage improvement!
5	After hiking in red rocks, I wanted to feed my appetite with something a little different. Buldogis was my choice. After great thought of which type of dog to get. I decided on the Hawaiian. It didn't disappoint. The toppings were plentiful and fresh and I really liked the homemade mustard that went with it. Fries were hot and crispy the way they should be. They also have tv's to watch any sporting events that might be on.
5	Just had the Angry Dog. Maybe the best dog I've ever had.  Also had the East Coast dog which was excellent. But the Angry was another level.  A must try.
5	Omg- absolutely the best hot dogs everrr!! Highly recommended!! They use fresh ingredients and you can tell. Great customer service. The chef was very friendly and offered us two diff dipping sauces for us to try out- soo good!!
5	Here is my dissertation on this place... I eat here way more often than I care to admit aloud. Everything from the Bib im bop to angry dogs...all the food is top notch (at a way way too reasonable price). This guys done a great fusion between Korean, American Mexican and god knows what else. ......I highly recommend anything they serve that has pork belly on it, especially the euro fries... oh man the euro fries..don't even get me started. I also have to tip my hat to the owner, somehow I always end up chatting with this guy when I come in. This guy is a super super nice, all around salt of the earth kind of guy. Hes super honest, he works more hours than anyone would care to admit, works his a** off to keep this place running and do all the prep work for his new food truck  from his restaurant while operating active food service . Definitely a restaurant I want to support just in that, this is a case of the little guy (non corporate) private owner busting his hump to make it work. If you are into supporting local food, local business, and have any kind of understanding of how hard the food industry is to stay afloat in you should check this place out. Seriously, BRAVO food well done, hats off and any other accolade I can pass on!! Thank you for the continuously awesome food!
5	Loving the euro fries & bahn mi dog!
5	This food is amazing!!!! My little five year old couldn't get enough! We will be back for sure, I cannot wait to bring my husband!
3	The fries were the best thing there! 4 stars Service was okPrices were ehhWe tried the Bulgogi dog, Spicy Bulgogi dog, and Banh Mi dog... all those were just A-okWould I go back again? Prob not... But if u do just order the fries...
5	Went here after finding an advertisement around a friends house, and thought, oh I want to try that! This place does not disappoint and the service was beyond great. Was pricey, but in hindsight I would of paid more.
5	The hot dogs are AMAZING!!! My favorite is the beef bulgogi dog and the carne asada fries. Everything I've tried here is great!
5	This place is phenomenal. I'm never disappointed when I get food from these folks.I live right around the corner from this location and it's difficult not to end up here every day. The food is awesome, the service is amazing, and the location is great.Let's start with the food: I consistently get the Euro Fries. They are absolute to die for, the solo that they put over top mixed with the great flavor of the pork belly makes these a sure fire hit. I'm a bit of a creature of habit when it comes to this place. I almost always get the Carne Asada dog or the Philly Dog. The way that they cook their hot dogs (deep fried) makes the outer casing crisp and crunchy while still preserving the flavor inside the casing. Their bread and butter are the sauces that they put over the dogs though. Good lord, they are absolutely unreal. I'm salivating just thinking about them.Next, the service. The gentleman that is the head chef at this location almost always is the one that rings me out and takes my order. The awesome thing about that is he remembers the particulars of my order from my previous trip. It's absolutely unreal, he has the most amazing memory. The funny part is that the meal is so heavy (but amazing) that I try and only go there once every couple months. Trust me, if I didn't have stomach issues, if be there weekly.This place is hands down one of the best spots in Vegas. I love food and I love finding little dives that are in hidden pockets of Vegas. I never have an issue recommending this place because I KNOW that whatever they get, they'll love.
5	Just took my wife here 2 nights ago.  I was warmly greeted by Caesar.  The dog I had was awesome.  The meat was amazing.  This is not your typical hod dog stand.  Real gourmet mouth watering to die for dogs and condiments.  My wife is not a spicy eater and ordered the chicken fingers.  I think thy made a mistake because there were so many pure breast chicken fingers in the basket I had tw and we were both stuffed with a smile on our face.  Can't wait to come again and experiences something new on the wild, unique, tantalizing menu of combinations I have never experienced.Hail Caesar for a great food and great personal touch and service.If your looking for something unique go there and experience taste bud heaven!!!See you soon Caesar.
5	Love the hot dogs here. Best ever. Chili cheese fries are good too. The staff is super nice too!
5	My sister and I wanted to try a new place and after about 30 minutes of arguing and debating we finally decided on Buldogis. We shared the carne asada fries and man oh man. They were so darn good. We were warmly greeted and felt comfortable in the environment. The fries were so good I ordered some to go for my boyfriend. I will definitely go back to try something else on the menu.
4	This was a great find - thanks Yelp! Yumminess abound here. Prepare to face tough decisions when deciding what you want. Hint: Don't forget to check the chalkboard wall menu for specials. I missed out on several options by only looking at the menu behind the counter. (Though, that was probably for the best considering how long it took me to made a decision on what to order.)The wings looked awesome. And they have burgers too. But I had to go with a hot dog, since ya know, it's a hot dog place. And, of course, there was no way I could pass up fries. Frankly, I don't how I made it out there without ordering like 18 different items. Seriously tough choices. I went with the Angry Dog (spicy and with an Asian twist) and Carne Asada Fries (loaded with toppings!).They were pretty busy, so I had a to wait for my order for a bit. But it wasn't more than 15 minutes. The order was brought to me and I was checked on a couple of times. Not at all what I would have expected from a quick, casual, order-at-the-counter establishment. Very good service.The food was fabulous. Tasty tasty tasty! And there is definitely no skimping on the toppings here. Both the hot dog and fries were loaded up with tons of toppings - just how I like it. Definitely crave-worthy. Definitely somewhere I will visit again and again.
2	Sorry to see the prices go up here !!! Everything went up a dollar !!! Plus they are no longer using the great costco foot long 1/4 lb dogs !!! Sorry but they is no way the new dogs are worth 7.95 !!!!  To bad !!! We have crossed this place off our list !!! I guess I will just start making my dogs at home on my Weber !!! I gave it two stars , because the food was good , but to expensive !!!
3	Korean/Mexican fusion? What's not to like! Prices are reasonable and the food is good. They're bulgogi fries are a must and their burgers are surprisingly good. If you are looking for some good ole fashion American greasy food with a Korean twist check this place out.
5	Great Hot Dogs!!! We had the Angry Dog, West Coast Dog, and a order of large fries. Both were very tasty. The spicy mayo on the Angry Dog was really delicious. Also the seasoning on the fries was so good. Definitely will be going back. One thing we did notice FYI, the menu's are a little outdated but check out the "WALL" because there are some sweet combinations that are not on the paper Menu!!!
4	The most unusual hot dogs... all with an Asian fusion flair!  If you are searching for something different, try this.  I loved the Angry Kimchi Fries!
3	When I first came to Vegas, my husband's supervisor recommended this place and it was perfect because I was craving some chili cheese dog. I really like this place. They make one mean dog. I just wish it didn't fall apart so easy.
5	I had the angry dog and the western dog. Forget the other stuff and just order the angry dog because it is soooooooo goooood.Looooved the euro fries
