2	First off, They did a good job with the repair itself (well, so far - it s only been 3 days). My issue is that they told me it would be around $150. When it was all done, it came to $256, and this included a $30 savings because a part was repaired instead of ordered. So, this came up to $100 more than I was told it would run, and apparently it would have been closer to $300 if Don hadn t been able to get the part fixed for 2/3 the original price. All in all, doesn t seem like a terrible place, but I d be careful on the cost they claim off the bat. There are enough auto shops around, I won t be back.
3	UPDATE - I did speak with Don the owner here and he did say that he remembered our conversation and that he did not include the freon, which he should have done initially - causing the quote to be off. I appreciated that he was willing to call me back and we split the difference cost wise. Thanks Don
5	We have been using Champs for 5 years now and cannot stop recommending them.  They are honest and trustworthy.  They even go above and beyond for customer service.  They don't try and scam me out of money which is rare in the auto industry.
1	Worst shop I have ever been to! I wouldn't recommend them to anyone, they do more damage then repair and they say they are complete auto service but don't know anything about transmissions. If you want to end up walking, and listening to excuses this is the place to go. I brought my transmission into them, ask them to diagnose it. Told me they had a transmission specialist check it out and said it was good to go. They put back in a completely damaged my transmission. They never even looked at my transmission. My sister in law went there, her car wasn't starting, they charged her an arm in leg to fix a battery post, also didn't diagnose, her car was broke down the next day. Instead of being honest, when they do something wrong they blame and degrade their customers. STAY AWAY from these idiots, I'd rather have someone mobile on Craig's list better service, honest, and no excuses.
