1	Wow ... I guess that Los Angelenos are on the same page on this one.He had me at "Kindness is a seed." and lost me at the whole "sow a seed to reap a harvest" bit which was all about "Send us - and ONLY us - a $1000 'seed' and we will send you a blessing from God." I couldn't believe it. It was like a chain letter for God.So disappointing.  I will sow kindness, generosity and honesty ... but I will never believe that God is the CEO of a blessings business.COMPUTER VIRUS WARNING: if you go to the link which is their site [ InspirationCampMeeting.com ] you will get a computer virus (apprently, that is their seed). Avast covered my butt and blocked this site, identifying the virus as JS:HideMe-B [Trj].  This was detected on Oct. 8, 2013
3	**BE ON ALERT***God shall not be mocked. HE sees all and knows all.In the process of studying about False Prophets, I was reading the WORD of God, (see Jeremiah 23). And in praying the Holy Spirit revealed the today False Prophets, who no nothing of the Living GOD. But are servants of Satan. In viewing and reviewing these late night False Prophets you will not get a WORD from God's Holy Book. The entire show has a bottom banner with constant advertisement to call an 800 number and give $$$$. The Speaker constantly tell you what god has supposingly told him. HA! (WHAT god??) The speaker claims to have spoken and whispered with angels (whose angels??)Do not be deceived my brother and sisters. Keep your $$$. Pay your tithes and offering to your local church body who is making a difference in your community and with your family. ABOVE ALL, DO NOT GO IN DEBT FOR THESE LIARS OF THE WORD OF GOD: 2 COR 2:17 Unlike so many, we do NOT PEDDLE THE WORD OF GOD FOR PROFIT, on the contrary, IN CHRIST we speak before God with sincerity, like men sent from GOD. 2 Cor. 4:2 Rather, we have renounced secret and shameful ways; we do not use deception, nor do we distort the WORD of God. BE WARNED People of the Living GOD.
1	I watch different morning ministries for growth of my soul,  But this show is exactly what the word says watch out for false  profits. I often pray that  God show me when something is not of god. This ministry, It  Burdens my soul and doesn't sit right with me.   I can't watch it without feeling like something is so wrong here. Your suppose to give from the heart , when the lord speaks to you. And of course tithe.  But not to receive something in return. We need to pray for the souls of these false profits. Money can be the root to all evil.
1	google the red and black color scheme.  and google the right hand salute they do as they sing.  this is very odd indeed.  i thought this concept was done back in 1945.
