5	All I can really say is wow... I had such a great experience at Ente Bella this morning that I HAD to share!   I am a furry mixture of Puerto Rican and Italian, so I have been wanting laser hair removal (back/shoulders) for a while now and finally decided to just take the plunge.  I arrived early to fill out paperwork and was greeted by an incredibly friendly, welcoming staff and a beautiful, high-end lobby! (Really cool water/bubbles wall that I was in love with and fun, current music playing)    I was a little nervous and not really sure what to expect, but Lynne was not only patient and thorough, she was extremely well educated and completely comforting.  I really felt a sense that she loves what she does and that makes all the difference in such an intimate situation.     I strongly recommend you check out their website and make an appt. for a consultation!! They offer a WIDE variety of services to help you look and feel better (no shame in wanting to "remodel and renovate" every few years :). I met 3 tech's and you really can't go wrong with anyone there... But ask for Lynne! She was awesome and you won't regret it :) I look forward to returning in 6 weeks for round 2!
5	I recently visited EnteBella for a custom facial. I had never been there before but I was recommended to them by a friend who has raved about how amazing they are. I arrived a little early to fill out some paperwork (it's a few pages of skin/health related questions so give yourself a little time before your appointment to fill everything out). The staff is super friendly and their waiting room area is beautiful and so relaxing. I love the decor. The wall with water/bubbles running down is so pretty and instantly relaxing!Ashley brought me back to a room and then let me change into a soft robe and lay down under the covers of a comfy bed. The blankets are heated and it's so comfortable. She came back in and started the facial. She went through a series of different cleansers, exfoliators, and then moisturizer. I didn't want it to end! I felt so relaxed and my skin felt AMAZING afterward. It did not make my skin break out at all and just left my face feeling so smooth. Ashley is so sweet and talented and I can't wait to come back and see her again!I know they do many other treatments and I plan to be back very soon. Laser hair removal is next on my list and I can't wait to get it started. I would absolutely recommend EnteBella!!
5	Full disclosure: I wrote this review a year ago and posted it on the old EnteBella yelp page. They have a new location and page, so I'm posting my review here. I have not stopped rejoicing since I found Ashley 5 years ago.  She is the most amazing and knowledgable aesthetician I have ever come in contact with!! I would be lost (and old looking without her).Over the years Ashley has been my go to girl for all my waxing needs, facials, chemical peels and all general skin care questions and concerns. Ashley knows her stuff!! She's as close to a beauty doctor as you can get without actually being a real doctor. Two years ago, I followed Ashley to Entabella where she is no longer my waxer, but my laser hair specialist.  Since she is now at a medspa, she has broadened my fountain of youth horizons. She has introduced me to Facial Microneedling, which is incredible. She's gotten me and my eyelashes addicted to Lattise. My eyelashes now are now thick, long and full. It looks like I wear lash extensions except they are my own lashes and the best part, is that Lattise is cheaper than eyelash extensions!! Ashley has worked with me to find the right moisturizer so that my skin isn't too oily and helped me pick out the right under eye cream which has dramatically improved under my eyes (no more puffy bags under my eyes). Like I said, ASHLEY KNOWS HER STUFF!!On top of it all, Ashley is one of the kindest, sweetest people I've ever met. I highly recommend Ashley to anybody with skin (that means everyone). Even if you think you look amazing, she will find ways to make you look better than you thought possible. EnteBella is so lucky to have her!!
