4	Red Owl, on the southeast corner of Price Road and University Drive, offers two rooms -- the second room is known as Club Red -- where music fans can catch up-and-coming Valley bands as well as national and regional talent. Local talent such as Shelby James and Violet Wild have performed at the bar along with a local Bon Jovi tribute band who recently packed the place.The Club Red side is more of a lounge with a sofa, comfy chairs, a pool table and candlelit tables along with a stage. Think Peach Pit After Dark. The Red Owl side is more of a dive bar with cracked peanut shells littering the floor and a small stage for live music.The bar will probably see it's biggest crowd on Wednesday, Aug. 15 when C.C. DeVille of Poison hosts a Poison afterpary at the venue following the band's show at the Dodge Theatre.
4	I really wish 3.5 was an option.  Red Owl doesn't quite deserve the esteem of 4 stars, yet it is definitely not as mediocre as 3 stars.The first time I went here I definitely enjoyed the crowd and the vibe. Punk rockers, head bangers, and the like all hanging out and having a great time together.When I bragged to a friend of mine about how awesome this place was, she replied that she would never go there because of the lobster claw machine.  I had no idea what she was talking about, but the second time I went to the Red Owl, I saw it.  And all the horror stories that she told me (that I brushed off) came rushing back... "dead lobsters"...  "floating"...  "dirty water"... Ugh.This contraption is like the game where you use a joystick or buttons to move a claw around with the purpose of winning a stuffed animal.  Only this machine's purpose is to win a live (hopefully) lobster in a huge tank of murky water.  It's disgusting and cruel and they really should get rid of it.However, I am a fan of the bar, the music and the clientele.  I stopped by for a quick visit during Metalfest and it brought back all of my childhood memories of hanging out at the SkyRoom in South Buffalo.  Death Metal, Hardcore... I felt so at home it reminds me of one of my favorite quotes."As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself -- so like a brother, really -- I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again." Albert Camus
3	(Club Red)The decor is actually kind of neat, the seating is comfortable seats and couches. There is also a decent amount of tables and seating in alcohol area. However, in the underage side there is about two or three tables, which I must say is better than most places. There was no moshing for the show I was there for but when a pit broke out the security wasn't too anal about it. The bartender seemed really nice. Now for the mega negative if you go in the back closer to the owl entrance (it was closed the night I went) it smelled like cat piss. Ew. If they would clean up a bit and make it just a touch less on the dive side it would be an great club but that smell, the over all feeling I get from the place is kind of gross. I hope on my next visit I can give this place a better review because it does have a lot of potential.
5	This is a fun place for a small show.  I saw Evidence and Fashawn last night, and it was great.  The place has an intimate feel, and you can get very close to stage.  The bar is in the back, and slightly annoyingly the front is a no booze zone.  But the beers in the back are cheap, so down a couple and move on up.
2	This was my first time at either the Red Owl OR Club Red, and I will say I was not impressed with either.  I pulled up and the cops were swarming Club Red, no idea why - but that was a nice welcome.  My good friend and co-worker was playing at the Red Owl, hence the visit.  It was an "all ages" event, so drinks were only allowed on the worst half of the venue - which was the 2nd "nice" welcome.While my friend did a great job, the "security" seemed more than necessary - and overly aggressive based on the group on THAT side of the joint.  Long story short, the service wasn't great, the venue was outdated and somewhat contrived - and if not for the cute, curly haired bartender, this would be one star only.Don't bother!
