3	Came here this afternoon for one of my favorite places for chicken enchilada soup.  Also had a burger and so did my son, both were good.  This food is nothing special but it's nice to have consistency in these Chili chain restaurants, and the service here has always been good.  My wife is not a fan but she doesn't like chains period.  I wish there were more options in this area but Chili's will do for now.  I like the bar area and they have pretty good happy hour specials too if you need a place for a quick drink to meet some friends.
4	The call ahead seating is a waste of time.
4	Great service and of course AWESOME chips and salsa.
1	Right around the corner so it is unfortunate food is so poor.  Service was improved the last time but 3 bad experiences overall lead us to look elsewhere.
4	The food here is pretty food, but the pricing can be a little too much sometimes.  The service at the location is fair and the restaurant is one I'll be returning to in the near future.
5	Shout out to Nathan. He was so kind in honoring my absent coupon. Great service from Morgan.
4	the food was good ...the service was great ....being in the biz the team work ....I never wanted .....but I wish my server hadn't put our check down so fast felt a bit rushed ....I will return definatly )
3	The food is just okay. Nothing to die over or to make a fuss about. I return here because its so close to my house. The service is usually really nice. Ive only had one expirence with a less than friendly waiter. Smokehouse burger I think its called and the fried shrimp are some of the better things on the menu.
5	Ask for Deanne, she's usually running the bar. She special orders our 25 minute wings and they come out just right. Thanks to her and Kim too she does a great job!
1	This review is based on my visit yesterday.  I've been going to Chilis restaurants in 4 states, since 1989.  Never had a major problem. I loved their nachos. Most of their food  is pretty good. Until yesterday.  I ordered the Queso dip.....The  Queso dip is cheese dip with beef. According to the chilis menu. I received a skillet of beans and brown stuff. It had little to zero cheese in it. The bartender who served us asked if everything was ok. I said. I'm still looking for the cheese.  His answer..  "That's the mix". And walked away.   Ok. I've had this before. It was a nice gooey cheese with beef in it.  Not this dog food. Actually I wouldn't give it to my dog.    I ate about five dips of it because I was starving. Trying to figure out how to deal with it.     Either Chilis standards for quality are in the toilet ( where they got this queso dip) , or they don't know how to make it at this location.  Read your menu Chilis , there was no cheese in this dish.   So many other places in our area that serve quality food. I'm wondering if my husband and I will ever make it back.  The attitude of the server sort of sealed the deal. If they don't care about us being happy about what they put out. Why should I go back for more.
3	Sorry, I messed up, this was supposed to be for TGIFriday's.
