5	Had Howard over to make a lot of additions to our dimley lit new home!  Added lights in closets, and garage.  Moved all of the wiring for our surround sound system to the other side of the room!  Did a great job, very clean at end of all projects!  Would highly recommend.  By the way, showed up when he said he would, unusual for this town!
5	Awesome Electrician! I was referred to Howard by a friend. I am remodeling my kitchen and Howard installed under-cabinet LED lighting to brighten up the place. He was quick, professional and the lights looked great. The best part is that I can leave the LED lights all night without worry about a gigantic power bill! Glad I now have an Electrician to call!!
5	Howard has done a number of things to improve my home.  He was on-time, fast, efficient, and his prices were reasonable.  He hung two outdoor ceiling fans for me and they look great.  He checked our power box to make sure the breakers were evenly balanced.  He changed out an X10 in our courtyard and even hung Christmas lights for us last month.  For ALL of your electrical needs, call Howard Clark at FNS Electric.
5	Excellent and on time service! I gave Howard a call to see if I could get light installed in my living room. He showed up the next day ready to work. His price were fair and he worked very fast. I will definitely call Howard if I have any more work that needs to get done.
1	I'd give this guy a ZERO!!! I called, and setup an appointment for a Saturday 9 days in advanced. The guy gave me a good price, so I hired him install 2 fans and fix an address sign. Saturday came and went NO CALL NO SHOW! He promised to be here 8-10 am. I called him at 10:05, and again at 11:30 both times it was sent over to voicemail, and the guy didn't even have the decency to call me back to cancel or explain why he stood me up. Now I have to find someone else, and I have to pay a fine from my HOA! Don't trust this guy!!!!!!! Find someone else, unless you like to sit around waiting for a promised appointment that does not get fulfilled!
