4	I've been going to Elements for a couple of years now... but only a few times a year as a luxury so I haven't patronized a specific masseuse.At first I thought it might be an awkward experience... not at all. I go with my girlfriend and get a 'couples massage'. The rooms are a bit small to accommodate two massage tables... but not inconvenient.    All of the masseuses we have had have done a great job and adjusted the massage type and pressure as desired. I prefer a harder massage to work the knots out of... it can hurt briefly in areas like the shoulder blades... but what a relief! My girlfriend gets a more relaxing massage... nearly snoozing at the end of 55 minutes... she loves it!     Look for the '2 for 1' specials Elements has around Holidays. They also currently have a $59 for 55 minute deal for 1st time customers (I think offers might vary between different Elements locations). I opted out of receiving their emails after awhile... don't remember any extra discount offers. I usually tip over the standard 10-20%... think they deserve it for all of the hard work they put in!
5	Elements is a very consistent operation with very reasonable pricing.  The package deals are the way to go if you can swing them.  This location is very nice, clean and very professional, with friendly staff.  I have a serious disk condition that really gets me down, and Sarah LeeAnn really helps me.  She has strong hands and it is obvious from her technique that she understands the mechanics of the back and how it affects the rest of the body.  She intuitively finds the pressure points that need work the most, and I always feel much better after the massage.  I have tried two of the other therapists at this location and was very pleased with them as well.I highly recommend this location if you are in north Scottsdale!
4	I had a kink in my neck for days and was busy running errands when I passed by Elements and saw the "Walk -Ins Welcome" sign. It was like the clouds parted and I could hear violins playing. I walked in and was able to see an experienced masseuse within about 20 min. Now, I've had hundreds of massages in my lifetime, but I have to rank Chad right up at the top. He focused exactly where I needed and adjusted the pressure for me perfectly throughout the massage. It's kind of bizarre to have a spa atmosphere in the middle of a strip mall, but it was exactly what I needed and way better than expected.I generally get massages through my chiropractor, so they're covered by benefits and I'm only out-of-pocket my co-pay. To that extent, it hurt the wallet to buy a package at this place, but I just couldn't resist. Chad provided a fantastic massage!
5	I had a great massage, and a not-so-great experience after with mis-communication when it came to their plan and membership fees and boy was I furious! I reached out to the manager and did not get the response I desired as a customer, and shortly after I spoke to the owner, Nelson. It was interesting because I must be honest and say I started with my hands up, defensive on what had happened. But by the end of the phone call, Nelson had not only made things right, but has helped me build an even better rapport with his company. I am proud to say that Elements Therapeutic Massage is even more than I expected, beyond the great massage--the fact that I received that great of service from the owner himself is hard to come by! Thanks Nelson for making things right, and honoring a customer. I promise I will be back! :)
5	I love this place.  I was a member several years ago and I found that I was just too busy to get a monthly massage.  What was I thinking?  I went again on Sunday morning, and joined again....deciding that giving myself an hour a month isn't too much to ask of myself!  They have very experienced massage therapists here and I feel that I get as good of a massage here as I do at the finer hotels.  Is it as relaxing and do you get the whole spa experience?  No.  But, honestly, I don't have time for that anyway.  I want my tight muscles to feel better, I want my body to feel good, and for the price....yeah!!!  I was told the prices are going up September 1st, so get in on the $59 a month for a massage now!  Fabulous!
4	I went here the first time about 18 months ago with a gift certificate. I've been back about a dozen times since then!It took about 6 different therapists for me to finally settle on Vince. Vince is a New Yorker. Vince beats the crap out of my knots. Vince leaves me sore for a couple of days. In short, he does what I need to do.The staff here is super friendly, too. They always ask something personal, like about my comedy or my sunglasses. See, I had a pair of Gucci sunglasses that I lost the other day and they just happened to call and confirm my appointment as I was tearing my house apart trying to look for them. I told them what I was doing, and she said "Oh no! You love those things!"It's this kind of service that keeps me going back. Now, I have to divulge that I am in a network with these guys and I don't pay cash for my massages. BUT, their prices are just fine for what you get. AND THEY HAVE COOKIES!!! My ONLY issue is that they can't use essential oils in the rooms, because some people may have allergies. I like a good lavender rub-down. I wish I could walk out of there smelling relaxed.
3	My manager gave me a coupon for a free half hour massage, or else I probably never would have gone here. Everyone is incredibly friendly, from when you walk in the door to the moment you leave. Shannon was so amazing with her technique and pressure points and never hurt me like I've had in the past. So whats the problem you ask? The only specials they have offer a month to month package of $59. OR a single massage is $90. I havent paid more than 50 in 5 years. I know this is N. Scottsdale and these girls do a good job, but the steep prices will keep me from coming back.
5	Elements Massage is at the top of my list for massages in the Valley. I was greeted with a smile, my paperwork took no time, the room was clean (Andes mint waiting for me) and the therapist was very attentive. She took the time to understand my aches and needs and worked them out to the best of her ability. I was sore afterwards, but in a good way. Once the massage was over, she went over what she did for future reference. Thank you!
5	Just had the most amazing massage with Warren. I would highly recommend this establishment. They are very friendly and didn't feel pressured into becoming a member like some other chain massage companies. I like the fact they don't run a yearly contract to be a member, and you can share your membership with friends/family-this is the first time I have ever "yelped" but wanted to share this amazing experience.
4	I have a new massage therapist here, since mine is no longer there. His name is Grayson and he's great for deep tissue massage!I'm still disappointed that essential oils can't be used here. Love the homemade cookies in the waiting room. The staff takes turns making them, and I think that's a lovely touch.
4	My wife and I both enjoyed massages at Elements through SpaFinder. At the time my wife was 5 months pregnant. She really enjoyed her treatment and she felt her time with a prenatal massage therapist helped to relax her body and relieve a lot of the little aches and pains that affect pregnant women. I have had many massages and enjoy a deeper pressure. I felt my therapist did a great job listening to what I wanted to help with and trying to get me some relief. My wife will definitely be back following the birth of our child for some well-deserved time to herself. I will be back for some more relief from the aches and pains of prior sports injuries.
5	Have had 4 massages here now, excellent every time, nice relaxing atmosphere, special attention to problem areas after half marathon, reasonable rates, and good cookies. Will be back for a couples massage on Sat!
