4	My recent business trip to Montreal was a treat as I was booked in a quaint boutique hotel, St. Paul in old town.  If you do not care for Minimalism - then stop reading now.This hotel is done in mainly grey, white and black with dark rich wood tones.  There is a striking splash of red however, like the 9 ft tall silk rose blossom topiary in the main lobby.  The front door was huge, heavy and the suction of the heat inside competing with the frigid air outside drew you in quickly.  The staff is quite generous in their attention to your queries, however their answers are matter of fact.  For example - I asked where to locate the breakfast lounge and the answer was 2nd floor...no extras like where to go on the 2nd floor.   The concierge service is quick to respond with questions prior to your visit, so use the service for restaurant and attractions info as well as assistance with any transportation needs.The room was bright, when you figured out you had to put a key card in the system mounted on the wall to make the electricity work!  Well appointed in my opinion as the sheets were silky smooth and the coverlet had a faux fur throw with a sateen lining which was a nice touchy-feely addition to the matching bed width bolster.  The pillows were down, but not too soft and not too hard (nod to Goldilocks).  The bathroom was monochromatic themed gray tile all over with the exception of the soapstone sink.  The faucets were wall mounted and gave a great new age feel to time spent brushing your teeth.  There were two robes hung on hangers, on the widest wall in the bath and the arms were so sweetly intertwined.  (yes, a huge awwww came out of my mouth when I saw it!)My final day was met with the challenge of an incoming winter snow storm and I arranged for a 6 am wake up which happened right on time.  The desk clerk had pre-arranged a taxi for me at a preset time so I would have zero wait when I was ready.  Here is something I've never experienced in a hotel's attention to their patrons (US, Europe, Australia included)...the morning desk clerk called me 20 min after my initial automated call to ensure I was up and about and to give me an update on the weather!  Bravo Hotel St-Paul!!I anticipate a return to Montreal and hope that I am able to stay at this location again.I indicated moderate on the price based on comparisons to other hotels I've stayed in.
4	St. Paul was suggested to us by a friend in Montreal and I stayed there over the Labor day weekend.  It's on McGill street close to the river front/harbor and at the edge of the old city.  The building itself is fairly grand looking and at least during the weekend the street wasnt terribly busy or noisy. There are a bunch of cafe's restaurants very close by.  We had our car so didnt depend on public transport but used the public bike system extensively and loved it.There is a bar/restaurant in the lobby that was VERY loud when we got in late night but in spite of our suite being on the 3rd floor right on top of the bar, we couldnt hear a thing (and i am very noise sensitive).As the previous review said, its done up in a very contemporary style, which i mostly like although some of the furniture in the bedroom seemed a bit Ikea'ish.  The staff was very nice and like everyone else in Montreal, completely bi-lingual.  They gave us a very good suggestion for brunch (a place down the street, Cortet) and I saw them giving others suggestions for dinner.  In the room, they had 3 complementary water bottles and a medium sized box of chocolates and that was in addition to the nice weather report and chocolates left every night.  We also had the free breakfast our last day there.  Although it was fairly simple "continental" breakfast, everything was very fresh and attractively laid out.  I wish the staff would come and serve the coffee/tea on the table though.  The bread was delicious.  The two things that can be improved.  The room felt quite stuffy and you can't open the windows.  It wasnt even hot outside.  The AC fan didnt seem to come on.  And my other issue was with the housekeeping.  The bathroom wasnt, as my friend calls it, clean Swiss style (The dirty wash cloths were still in the tub).  The room was cleaned well though. In summary, i liked the hotel very much and would stay there again any time.
4	Staying here for the first time for a business trip.  The hotel is classic outside, modern inside.  The bilingual staff is FABULOUS.  Very helpful and even tried to arrange hockey tickets for me (a bit too expensive, but I appreciate the effort).The room is very comfortable and has a nice view.  The bed is super clean and comfy.  The continental breakfast is nice, but they ran out of coffee and I had to wait.I'm very impressed with the Hotel St. Paul and would like to stay here again.
4	My business trip to Montreal included stay in St. Paul hotel and it was definitely one of my trip's highlights. I have to admit that I like modern interiors, so St. Paul hit the right note. Usually I am having issues with hotel beds - mattresses are so soft that my back starts hurting after just one night, but their bed was perfect and bed linens were silky smooth. Bathroom was huge and full of nice touches (amount of towels was probably sufficient for at least 2 people, there was a fluffy robe). The shower though was a disappointment - the shower hose leaked heavily. Unlike many hotels, St. Paul is extremely sound-proof - no noise from the street, no noise from neighbours.Hotel staff was bilingual and very friendly. Unfortunately, with busy schedule, I did not have enough time to fully enjoy the lounge. I would definitely stay there again.
4	Got a deal on the room which was awesome because it was about half off the price of the room so please keep that in mind. The location of the hotel was probably the best I've had while staying in Montreal ever, very close to great food and shopping also close to the marina. The room itself was awesome for the price that I paid for it maybe not so much for the full price even though the room itself was very nicely decorated and the windows were huge. The bathroom was very well done and a good size. The room itself wasn't huge but with 14 foot+ ceilings it made the room feel enormous. The exterior of the building was very nice as well.Upon walking in you will see that the lobby isn't huge but it is very comfortable for a boutique hotel again the decor was all nice arranged, very modern(which I like). The elevator and the hallways are very dimly lit which is fine for me but not great for a "business" trip. The bar was nice and completely packed friday night and saturday night which is great if you are staying there because you don't have to bear the cold to get a drink. All in all I would recommend staying there because of the location, the hip decor, the bar and the room itself was very nice. This place is for a young clientele.I almost forgot one of the best parts, the people here were awesome in every sense of the word. They helped us with cabs and how to avoid common traps with cabs, they helped plan our day of sightseeing and they helped us with a couple of meals for some foodies. The staff really was excellent and the best part was they mentioned to us marche atwater - a farmers market on the outskirts of town which had amazing croissants and awesome local produce.
3	My husband and I always try to stay in boutique hotels.  Our experiences are usually pretty good.  I am really underwhelmed by the St Paul.  From the getgo, just going into the lobby, it seemed to me that it might have been real cool when it opened but it looked kind of tired now.The lobby, elevator and hallways are painted black and have very low lighting which is partly cool and partly obnoxious as is hard to navigate.  There are some cool details but they are just slightly off...  Like the chipped glass on my nightstand.  The two towels (yes, two whole towels!) in the bathroom are motel 8 quality.  There's very little storage in the room so we had to leave most of our stuff in our suitcases and stuff around the floor which always bothers me as I like to sleep in a tidy room (OCD much?).  They only have queen size beds; another bummer.The staff is friendly, so that's a plus and we had a beer at the bar today with friends, we had the whole place to ourselves and that was very pleasant.I will probably not stay here again.  Mostly because I'm a huge snob.  If you are not then it's probably just fine.
4	Great hotel in a really nice part of town. It's got a boutiquey feel - with everything being nice, new and modern. Great bar and restaurant downstairs - feels like a good local hangout - with it getting really busy at night.Friendly, helpful staff.
5	This is exactly what I was looking for in a hotel. Clean, modern, and in a good location. I would stay here again.
4	Great location in Old Montreal.  Easy walking to restaurants, Downtown, and Metro.  The room was comfortable and quiet.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.Breakfast is not included but offered for $15 a person.  The restaurant next door (Hambar) is great, make sure you stop in for drinks and their incredible charcuterie plate.
5	I loved the decor, the great beds, the cleanliness, and the helpful staff.  (And the soaps are amazing!)  It was a great value and a great location.  Also had a drink to start the eventing at Hambar, both the bar and drink were fantastic.
4	A very cute boutique hotel with a great location and just the right amount of character.The lobby downstairs is relatively small, but the fireplace is very cool. The staff is very friendly and helpful.The rooms are on the smaller side, but that's pretty typical for anywhere in the area. The floors are hardwood, which is fantastic and gives the place just the right feel. The beds are super comfortable, and the soaker tub is wonderful.The one knock I have about the room is it's not set up in the least for doing work. But the internet is quite fast.The workout facilities are on the smaller side, but if you're just looking for some cardio equipment you'll be just fine.I've stayed here many times and this is one of my favorite hotels to visit.
3	First off the good: The hotel was clean, the lobby staff was friendly, the bar/restaurant  in the ground floor was a see and be scene place every day, the location is fantastic and the wifi worked flawlessly. The cons: the room service was fast but sometimes rude since they did not always knock before coming in, there was a radio but no alarm clock and there was no view from our room.
5	First of all lets set the expectation here. Its not a high end hotel, that being said it was perfect for what I was looking for. In a really great part of town.. near some amazing brunch places in walking distance. Rooms are quiet spacious, not sure why people are complaining about size. Clean, well appointed, VERY quiet and a nice modern minimalist feel. I really hate clutter and old looking hotels. Free wifi and they gave me a really late check out. Customer service was awesome!
4	Great place. Good location. The staff were all super nice and extremely helpful.  Definitely recommend!
5	I rarely love hotels. This place however is chic and low key. It is a reasonable price for a hotel in the old port. Beds are comfy, staff is friendly and helpful. Love the lights in the elevator and the robes in the bathroom. Complimentary breakfast we took with our room was also pretty good. Stay here for a relaxing time and perfect location
3	Nice but a bit bland- nothing overly exceptional about it. It's a standard hotel. A plus is the free wifi and the valet parking.
4	We stayed here two nights on a family vacation. Great location! We lived walking around the old port. We were also able to easily walk to the Jazz Festival.Not the most family friendly hotel. Some of the staff seemed annoyed at our kids presence. The valet was a hassle. The elevator barely fit our stroller. They didn't have a ramp or such to get the stroller from the sidewalk into the building.However, out room had a GREAT view and door separating the main bedroom from the space the kids slept. It was romantic and quaint.
5	This is our 3rd day staying here in Montreal at the St. Paul.   We love it!  Very, very quiet!  Nice comfy bed, large bathroom with extra large tub, and a good sized counter for all of our clutter.  The location is amazing, just within the historical boundaries of the old town wall, (which does not exist anymore).  It took me awhile to find the breakfast area on the 2nd floor.  I think that could be more clear.  In our room on the 9th floor facing SE & Place D'Youville we have a lovely view towards the river.  We also have windows you can open.  Staff sent someone immediately we I called with a plumbing problem.  Breakfast buffet is continental but really nice offerings including amazing cheese & cold cuts, two types of juice, etc.  I would definitely stay here againFor a good nights sleep and access to the old town sites.  They say in their web site that the rent mobile phones, which they do not when I asked the front desk.  They should update their web site regularly.
