5	Never seen such an amazing unique store!!! Amazing finds!!! One of a kind for sure!!!
5	A vintage wonderland, and a really cool vibe. The store is clean, and well put together. The staff is super helpful.
4	I've been shopping with the Attic since the early 1990's. Way before their claim to fame Visa commercial hit the airwaves...New location, I was excited to visit...Positives: 1. Didn't have to pay for entering the store (they used to do this at their prior location). 2. They really do have the best selection of vintage clothing in Vegas.Negatives: 1. Pricey. I'd rather take my chances online and pay half the price. 2. Not the best area of downtown. I will return. I think?
3	gald they are back still over priced but nice shop
3	This store has been in business for over 25 years selling vintage clothing to the people of Vegas! How they only have five reviews on Yelp baffles me. Not sure if they've always been in this space, but it's difficult to see from the street until you're right on top of it, so use GPS and keep your eyes peeled.Once you spot it, the exterior is painted to look like a row house complete with cat! Inside and outside decor are kitschy, which carries over to the selection of product. Though I'm no fashionista, it was hard to see what could be purchased and worn here without looking like a costume. So much of the stock was so visibly dated and style-specific to previous decades that I just lack the talent to work these unique items into my wardrobe.Downside to visiting here was service: there wasn't any. I browsed around for nearly half an hour and walked past multiple employees, stepping out of their way as they talked to one another, but never once was I actually addressed by staff.Sadly, this is probably contributing to why they're going out of business: another customer put down a few items and walked out without purchasing them, shrugging and rolling her eyes at the employee running around in a muumuu yapping to her coworker.This place is closing soon (selection and service probably key reasons why), so all items are half off CASH PURCHASES ONLY- another minor detail that put me off shopping here, as I don't carry cash but should still be able to take advantage.
5	So sad to see this gem go the owner and her daughter are Amaizing I'll still be back for my red coat !!!?
5	I hope The Attic decides to change their mind, repeal their announcement to close, and stick around! It's a friendly, family (or mostly family) run business that specializes in retro clothing, especially 70s. There are some real gems to be found here.Yes, this is a great place for costumes, but it is not a costume shop. There are many items that are completely geared toward throwback, vintage wear and fun styles. There was a very wide selection. And the store is quite large!The prices are very fair, especially in relation to what you might pay at Buffalo Exchange for some items that I feel would fly off the rack there.Without exception, I found every member of the staff to be approachable, enthusiastic, and friendly. And uniquely, each went out of their way to make a personal connection and eagerly search for garments that would fit without sales pressure. They were very amenable to holding items for people who were interested. I've truly not experienced that level of service in a long time, so I couldn't be more pleased with it.They allowed my friend and I to search comfortably and try on clothing without hawking over us, and we were both offered assistance several times once we started to pick things out.Their location is just north of the 15 freeway, on the right side of the street heading north, on Main just above Washington, above downtown.
