2	OMG!I hope seeing them next week doesn't go like the phone call that I just had!It took me ten minutes, being on hold 3 times, and two separate ladies to schedule an appointment.The first lady was attempting to take down my information, until someone asked her a question, and then, with me on the phone, started answering their question, and then put me on hold.The second lady took my name, wanted to know my insurance provider, and then wanted my member ID #. Never needing this to schedule an appointment before (the paperwork on the first visit always gets it anyways) I went to get it. I was then put on hold again.The woman came back on the line again, I gave her my member ID #, and she once again had to put me on hold. She would say, Ok, I have......just give me a moment.I've heard the words "just give me a moment" in the last ten minutes than I have in the last 6 months.Thankfully, I was able to get in before the end of the month.. Seeing as how they have moved, and have three locations, I asked her which location the DR I have an appointment with was....she just gave me the addresses' numbers. She just said 6301.... I had to clarify and ask if it was on Mountain Vista. Hopefully the Dr will allow me to write a decent updated review.
4	I arrived for my 2pm appointment at 130 because I am a new patient and had to fill out new paper work. When you walk in, you have 3 Windows to choose from. They have the doctor's name above each window, and you are to check in at that specific one. I wait by the window, and one lady and I make eye contact, and she walks away, saying nothing. This window was the last one on the right. The woman in the middle was sitting, and the one in the first window to the left was on the phone. After the phone conversation, the two ladies have a fun little talk... And I am still ignored.Finally, the woman in the first window sees me after the woman in the middle announces that she is going to lunch. I am informed that the woman who belongs in the 3rd window is gone. Whatever. I give her my insurance and my ID and she makes a copy of it while I sit and start paper work. While starting paper work, my cards are brought to me by the office worker, and I am called back before I finish the first page of my information.Why do I have to be here half an hour early to fill out paper work, when I am called back for vitals, and weight before I complete the packet ? I filled it out while I was waiting for Dr. Terry M. The appointment was quick and painless. However, what happened next, was not. The DR ordered blood work. I guess they take blood work here, at the office on the back. I told him I might need a lab slip to go to Quest, because that is where my insurance has a contract with.A nurse came back and got me, and informed me that my insurance does allow and pay for my blood to be drawn Here.The woman, Holly, came off pretty uninterested in me, and asked me to supply her with a urine sample before she takes my blood.I emerge from the bathroom, and I inform Holly that I am bad with blood work.. and to not let the tattoos fool her. I told her that I have never fainted, I just cry.It freaks me out okay !So, she goes from arm to arm, having Me squeeze the stupid stress ball.... Tapping my arm with a band tied around me. I told her to not stick me, if she couldn't find a decent vein. I do not do well with being poked and stabbed.She asks if it is okay to draw from my hand. Never heard of that before, but , hey , if you can find a vein, and it's safe, do it.Holy shit.What the hell ?After tapping my hand for what seemed like forever, she inserted the needle. And I could feel her fishing and maneuvering the needle around. I could feel the color leave my face. I have never felt like this before. Usually, I just cry. If this is what passing out feels like.... I think it's going to happen.Breathing and trying to stay calm.... I maintain my lady like composure until she fills her tubes and I ask for a trash can, while I glamorously lose my lunch.Holly hands me my smart Water, and gets me cool towels for the back of my head. I wasn't sure about her at first, but she changed my mind.
4	This review is for Dr. Goldman and her staff.  As requested, I arrived 30 minutes prior to my appointment as a new patient.  There was a big packet of information to fill out on patient health history.  I completed it in about 15 minutes but do not have an extensive history of problems, so 30 minutes is probably correct for most.The nurse that took my vitals and brought me to my room was very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable.  Dr. Goldman was very thorough in her questions and exam.  I enjoyed talking to her and think that I made the right choice in doctors.  They have an onsite lab, so no long wait for lab procedures.
4	My family sees Dr TJ & Dr Goldman both of which are great & thorough!   However, the office staff & people over the phone could use some lessons in customer service.  "Ladies" at the front desk can't be bothered to answer a question if they're in a personal conversation.   They will IGNORE YOU!  The people on the phone always say "there are no appointments available, Drs are all BOOKED". Then when u get into see the Dr they tell you that they were never busy at all & had appointments available for days!  ATTENTION DOCTORS - if you want to keep your current patients & possibly get new ones take a look at your office staff!  They can use some work!!
