3	I stayed at this hotel on two separate visits.  Both times I reserved a non-smoking room with a king-sized bed.  The first visit was a weekend visit and I was given a smoking room with two double beds.  I asked to be moved to another room and was told that this room was the only one available.  The double bed set up was awkward because the room was far too small to house two double beds.  There was also a cigarette hole in one of the bedspreads.  They did not charge for the internet because of this (regular charge is $5 for the whole visit).  The reason I went back the second time is because I was being cheap and I knew I wouldn't be spending much time in the room.  The room for my second visit was much better.  It was clean and the king sized bed was comfortable.  And it was definitely a non-smoking room.  I did have to pay for the internet this time around, and in cash.  Not sure why, but the guy said it couldn't be added as part of the room charge.The cost of the room is very affordable (around $60/night), and if you get a nice, clean room, you're definitely getting a great deal.  My rooms had a kitchen with a stove, microwave, fridge, and coffeemaker.  I had an iron, ironing board, and hair dryer available as well.  They provide soap; however, make sure you bring your own shampoo/condition/lotion.  They also have a tiny gym (3 different machines) and a pool.  The lobby is nice and clean, and the front desk employees I dealt with are friendly and polite.  I might've given this place one more star if I hadn't had the crappy room the first time around.
5	I never give 5 stars. This hotel I will give them 5 !!! Very clean very nice decorated. Security. Parking. Welcoming. Will be staying here everytime I visit phoenix
4	Over the past couple months, we have stayed here numerous times while we are relocating from California to a new home in the Phoenix area.  The hotel was always "adequate" ... nothing above expectations nor a horrendous atrocity to send us running for the hills.  During this stay, the pool was closed due to an inoperable pool heater but with temperatures hovering around 30s and 40s in the evenings, it was a fairly moot point as I don't think there was a huge demand for swimming in that weather.   Their laundry rooms get a big thumbs up from me as because there are 4 washers and 4 dryers so you don't have to worry "if" you are even going to be able to get your stuff in there as I have experienced in other hotels that only have 1 of each for the entire place.  The $2 charge to wash and $2 to dry are pretty much on par if not just a little bit high but for the convenience factor, I don't mind a few extra quarters. Having said that, Management must take its reviews to heart because starting on Jan15th,  they initiated their "grab & go" breakfast and now display available "amenities" such as razor, shampoo, etc available in small basket at front desk.  Nothing elaborate.. just some instant oatmeal, coffee, fruit, hot chocolate and limited selection of muffins and granola type bars, etc..  Nothing elaborate but just as it states, a little something to grab to take with you as you set out for your day.  Staff is always nice.  My major complaint about this hotel is the fact that unless you are a long term "resident" basically, you can forget getting a room on the first floor.  With the amount of items we had as we were between homes, having to make 15 trips back and forth was extremely difficult as my husband has health issues making it more difficult.  As a side note as well, we do go thru a 3rd party discounter (i.e. hotwire, priceline, etc) and know we are basically at the mercy of the hotel and if it was TRULY a make or break deal, you might want to go thru them directly as I feel they would probably be a bit more accommodating to someone paying closer to rack rate.    When bidding or blind purchasing a room thru an outside discounter, you do so knowing that you are almost never guaranteed any specific room type or bed selection.  We initially booked our stay for 2 1/2 weeks.  Our home still wasn't ready so instead of just calling down and making normal arrangements with the front desk, we did the whole "bid" thing again hoping and almost taking for granted that picking the usual star rating/location combo it would come up to this hotel again.  What we didn't know is there were numerous "events" going on in town and the hotel was completely booked forcing us to have to move.  (As we checked out, another gentleman that had obviously been there for some time was trying to extend for another week and subsequently had to relocate as well)  I only mention this because we moved to another subsidiary hotel of this chain within about 2 miles of this hotel.  Let me tell you.... the room size difference is amazing!  The Extended Stay I would venture to say was at least 1 1/2 if not twice the side of the new hotels rooms.  ESA has the pull out sofa/sitting area and dishwasher which were not at the second hotel.  All in all, I was extremely satisfied with my stay and noted the changes they are making to improve themselves.  To others they may seem trite or trivial but to me it shows that they really do listen to their guests suggestions and are striving to keep it not only competitive but beyond that to actually exceed what you might expect from a hotel in that category.  Improvements that are actually FOR the guests and not just cosmetics to the hotel. I want to make clear that I am NOT an employee or affiliated with this hotel in any way shape or form (if in doubt just click my profile to see other various reviews)  I just believe in putting out there my particular experience so that others can hopefully get a better grasp on how this hotel may or may not suit their needs.  All to often everyone is quick to write a scathing review listing all the negative take for granted the actual "service" they do provide, albeit mediocre, on par or above expectations.  I have also found that many times it is not the hotel's fault their dissatisfaction but the exceeding expectations of the person actually involved.  Expecting a Presidential Suite on the beach of a 5 star hotel for $25 and then claiming it to be the hotel's fault that they didn't measure up to YOUR expectations, doesn't mean that there was anything wrong with the hotel but perhaps just the hotel reviewer!
2	Stayed for 4 nights. On the second day I reported our bathtub isn't draining, this wasn't fixed until the last night of our stay. Rust in the bathroom and kitchen. Room also had an odd smell. Decent selection of channels and safe location. Friendly staff and comfy beds.
3	Room was nice. Quiet. Safe area. Pet fee was high - $25. We stayed on a Thursday night for $89.99 plus the $25 pet fee. We were just stopping through Phoenix and were glad we chose this over cheaper hotels near the airport because this area was great for visitors, not unsafe at all, although 7 miles off the highway. They put a $100 deposit on our card but it took 4-5 days for it to hit our account when they refunded it. If you don't care about the kitchen stuff and have a pet you can likely find an equally as nice but cheaper room in the same area.
5	My son and I stayed here in late April, 2014 at the Phoenix Metro location. I booked directly with them not a a third party. I got a better rate with them than online. We had a standard room with two queen beds, a small kitchenette, a sofa that pulled out. We had access to a small workout room and there is a pool and clean onsite laundry facilities. The room was clean, no odd odors and everything was in working order. I was impressed with the TV. It seems so many of the hotels I've been staying at had old TV;s with not stellar pictures. This was a new TV with basic cable. The beds were clean and I thought very comfortable. Also each bed had three fluffy pillows. Some of the cheaper hotels I've stayed at had one pillow that was thin you couldn't call it a pillow. No maid service unless you stay over one week. You just take your dirty linens to the front desk and exchange for clean each day. There was only one towel in the bathroom which I thought was strange given there are two beds. The kitchenette was short on pots and pans, cutlery, utensils and dishes. They were there but limited. I was, however, very pleased overall because the price was great  59.99 with tax. We used the kitchenette and significantly reduced the cost of eating out for all meals. Very large fridge and freezer. The location is right off a freeway so you can get anywhere fairly easy. Right next door is a great seafood restaurant with reasonable prices. It was very good and a lively environment with outdoor seating. Oh, wifi is free and average speed. You can pay more to get faster speed but I was fine with the basic.The staff at the front desk were wonderful and friendly. I especially liked the manager, Kim. She was assertive and to the point with an attitude of getting it done now. I called the front desk because I couldn't get one of the bedside lamps to work. They sent a worker up within ten minutes to fix it. I really liked the fact that they didn't over-advertise the grab and go breakfast they provide. I knew not to expect too much and indeed there wasn't much; just some small muffins, instant oatmeal, granola bars and apples. I have to say though, later in the day, the granola bars were actually tasty.  The coffee was very good and I am picky with coffee - I like it stronger than most and it worked for me just fine.Given the price, I thought it was a great find and will most certainly seek out Extended Day for my future trips.
1	shitty! shitty! place!!don't waste your money here. it is worse than motes 6. rooms smell and sheets are dirty and who knows maybe bugs.i wasted my money!
