5	Everyone I had to deal with here was nothing but professional! A very welcoming place.
1	Absolutely horrible service twice. The first time they told my mother to come right down and they could take her right back. I raced home from work and met her there where they said we will take you back in a few minutes. One and a half hours later they took her. It would have been fine had they said that from the beginning but you don't tell people "right back" and then have it be 1.5 hours. Second time we had an appointment and got there and after waiting 30 minutes past the appointment time someone came out and said it would be another 45 minutes. So what exactly was the point of the appointment I am wondering? No one ever apologized either time and said they were running behind or anything. In the future when we need x-rays/MRI's, we will be looking for a new place to go. Service here is just unacceptable.
1	I haven't even been treated at this facility and my experience has been terrible!!! The administration staff is confused, unorganized and incompetent! I don't understand how they run a business. They might have a better chance of running a three-legged race against Siamese twins.  I am trying to get an MRI in which my physical therapist referred me and sent a fax to AZ-tech for treatment.   Az-tech was supposed to call me back the same day to set up an appointment. Didn't get a call that day. Fine. Called them the next day and asked them about the fax from my doctor and setting an appointment. The receptionist was confused and kept trying to look up my information. I told her I was a new patient and there was a fax and she kept asking for my name and date of birth. She was obviously confused because asked at least 4 times in a row. For Christ's sake and all that is Holy!! Write it down if you cant remember! She then told me she couldn't find the fax and would call me back. She said "The best number to reach you at is 602..what is your number?" Why did she start telling ME what the best number to reach me at?  Nevertheless, I didn't get a call back that day.   I called the next morning and told them I need to set an appointment and I was supposed to get a call back the last 2 days. I was given their standard 4 repeated questions about my name and date of birth and then put on hold. She said they never received a fax. I asked why didn't get a call the past 2 days. The woman told me in a defensive tone that they called me yesterday and left a message. I had never received a call, let alone a message!!!! So my call history in my phone and voice-mails must be deleting themselves?   I got off the phone with them and called my physical therapist. I told them AZ-tech never received a fax to which they replied they sent the fax twice. I was livid at this point because I had to schedule an appointment with the therapists but appointment to do the MRI and kept pushing it back.   I then called AZ-tech back and told them that a fax was sent twice. They were confused about receiving a fax (no surprise) and they put me on hold. They finally found it and set up an appointment. I tried to let them know that they "need to get it together over there". And the receptionist was bewildered and asked, "We need to get what?"  I called my therapist back to then set an appointment following the MRI. I expressed my displeasure toward the Gilbert office, so she set me up with the Tempe office at a different time.  Today due to traffic and crazy construction I was running late to the appointment. I called the Tempe AZ-tech location to notify my tardiness. They told me that their MRI machine was down and they tried to call me the day before. They said they would set up an appointment at 10:00 at the Gilbert location a little later in the day. I was dreading it with my recent interaction. With their reputation I decided it would be a good idea to call that office beforehand.   When I called I told them my name and that the Tempe office had set up an appointment for me at that location today because their MRI machine was down. Literally the lady then asked, "So you want to set up an appointment for tomorrow?" I had no patience left and replied, "Did you hear what I just said?"  So I repeated my name and everything very slowly. Of course she asked me my name again and then told me the appointment was set for 9:30. I told her that the other office told me 10:00. DONE. Needless to say, I didn't show up to the appointment. This company is all out of whack.  If you feel like being frustrated have them take care of you. And if you are desperate enough to go there, give them a good slap in the face.
