4	So happy to hear that Tropical Smoothie Cafe was opening a location near my office. I went in for lunch the other day and ordered the King Caesar wrap and Blimey Limey smoothie. The wrap was really good, though they would be better off with a different brand of tortillas (a little rubbery) - good amount of chicken, fresh lettuce, and tangy Caesar dressing. The smoothie was EXACTLY what I wanted - lots of citrus taste without being bitter. I added the weight management and energy supplements - they really worked. I was full (but not too full) the rest of the day and didn't have to endure the afternoon "slow down" at work.I'll definitely be back for more
1	No wifi!!! Are you kidding me, ur a cafe for god sakes!!! Won't be going back until wifi is added.
4	I absolutely love this place, there flat bread and breakfast sandwiches are delicious, and smoothies are simply amazing, but with all good tends to be some bad. Not sure why, but there burritos to me at least don't taste very good at all, but that is more/less preference, however I will say this there regular sandwiches although decent are in my opinion way to expensive for what you get. When you have options such as subway where you can get 2 or more foot long sandwiches after 4 pm for only $5 each. I would easily rate this place a 5 star if not for my taste buds towards there burritos, and in my opinion overly priced 3 out of 5 sandwiches.
1	Disappointed I stop this morning to try them out, but they were closed even though the door said open at 7AM at 7:20 they were not.... Off to Jamba Juice I go...
1	Wont last at this location. They don't open early enough. Customer service sucks. And the marketing is horrible. Good luck though!
3	If you want a smoothie this is a great place. They have a variety of flavors to chose from. Although if you come here for food and a smoothie, you might be a little disappointed.  Their food is small portions and for a larger price tag. We bought a groupon so we thought we'd give their good a try. I think we will just stick with smoothies next time though.
4	Much improved customer service since my first visit. The staff was fast and friendly. I like the fact that the smoothies/good are healthy and affordable. I wish they had a smaller size option, but it's not a big deal.
4	Tropical Smoothie Cafe, or "Trop Smoo" as I like to call it, has the best tasting smoothies of all the smoothie chains.  And this location does a great job with consistency.  The staff here is super friendly and attentive.  And that makes you feel better after dealing with all those non-friendly people who grace your presence throughout the course of life.  As far as food/drink, I usually get the Health Nut with whey protein because my guns are constantly begging me for more protein so they can keep growing and busting out of my shirts.  The Health Nut is a concoction of blueberries, mangos, bananas, and almonds (along with the aforementioned protein) and it is creamy delicious and satisfying.For food, they have an everchanging selection of salads and wraps, but I still haven't found that item that I just can't live without.  When I find it, then Trop Smoo will get upgraded to 5 stars!  Peace out!  **posing with my hands giving the peace sign while taking a selfie... cause I'm cool like that**
4	I have an on, off and on again relationship with at home juicing and I really should decide if I'm in it or if it will be something I will always half love. It's quite a chore and an investment of time and more of a clean up than it's worth and I figure I'll probably never do it again once the Juicer I have finally burns out.  So I start thinking, it cost roughly 10 bucks for all my ingredients and about 45 min of my time to produce a glass of my favorite juice blend. Tropical Smoothie has the same exact drink for $4 in and out in a jiffy. NO clean up!!!! The juicer may find its way off my kitchen counter and into my go-to Goodwill box very soon. Plus Tropical Smoothie's version of my Spinach, Kale, Pineapple, Mango and Peach drink taste much much better than mine.
1	I got a livingsocial deal for a lunch combo so I decided to try this out with my coworker (who didn't get the living social deal). We waited in line for a long time because there was only one person making food and smoothies, one cashier and no manager. I finally got up to the cashier and asked if she preferred one wrap over another because I didn't decide. She called out to her coworker that someone has a question and she told me she can't answer because she just stared. Um, it was a simple taste based question. Make it up! Then my coworker ordered and paid with a  $20. The cashier said she was out of singles and asked her coworker who called their manager. She told her manager that they're out of singles and that there is a huge line. Then she said her manager told her to tell the customer to pay with a card. What kind of place runs out of money, has a cashier with no training, has huge lines and no manager present during a lunch rush? We waited a long time and I heard the cashier call to her coworker several more times when people had a question about anything! The manager finally came back with more cash and she looked really mad. None of the employees were happy and the cashier and other girl tried their best but it was a horrible experience. To top it off, the jerk chicken wrap was liquidy and the chicken tasted like bad chicken in frozen meals. The smoothie I got was good. This place definitely won't last long. I will definitely never come back to this location but I may try another.
5	this place is great!!!! even without the current "group-on" specials, even without the buy one - get one coupons printed on every receipt, even without the special which will run for 1 month from 5-7 pm ( i think!)great smoothies - i love the one on priest near elliott.my faves is the "seasonal" - green tea & basil and strawberry basil lemonade.  ***be aware-made with sugar unless you specify splenda or no sweeteners!***
5	I'm addicted! This Big Momma had the Bahama Momma! Yeah~ #2die4... strawberry, pineapple, white chocolate.. The best. Of course I did add the B-12 and Fat Burner additions because I wanted a pick me up! Seriously for $6 bucks (thermal keepsake cup) perfect for this AZ heat, I was bouncing off the walls.. Not enuff to hit the gym but, I thought about it. With my new thermal cup~ I get a .50 cent discount. Service was excellent:) If these guys add a Groupon~ Lookout!
4	First timer! I had to try 2!I ordered the Totally Green Smoothie which is so refreshing and has just enough sweetness (green apple & kiwi). It's my first time having anything with Kale & I think it's delicious! Definitely something I will try at home & have again when I'm in the area. My second drink I wanted a yogurt blend & chose the Get Up and Goji. It's like a nice refreshment at the beach. Light & tangy & sweet with the lil fullness of yogurt. Only reasons I didn't give 5 stars were:They only offer 1 size & it's $5 a drink. The place is small & loud. Customer service was ok but not great.
5	Omg! I had ordered a peachbliss with peaches, banana & kiwi instead of strawberry. I love that the boosys are less than a $1.00 extra. BUT unfortunately I dropped mine on the way home so my BF went back before thryey closed @ 9pm n got me a Bahama Mama! Phew that thing was like dropping into a vortex n finding yourself on an island hammack listening to the breeze rush thru the tall forest trees & the waves clap against giant beach rocks. please note tgat the lighter colored smoothies banana & peach DO NOT have much flavor btw & seem to taste watered down:'( acai berry has loads of flavor BUT Im sure nothing can beat the Bahama Mama (white chocolate strawberry, pineapple & coconut)#musttry #BAHAMAMAMA #whitechocolate #beachbabeinAz #smoothies #frozentreat #healthyeat #bendoverbackwards4this
2	Wouldn't honor their free smoothie promotion because THEIR system wasn't working properly. A sign was posted that if I texted a number I'd receive a free smoothie. I did NOT receive a free smoothie. I hope it's the cashier's first day because he didn't even seem like he knew where he was.
1	Just wanted to say I don't think I will be comin back here.  I mean the smoothie was good.  Only one size and its too big but besides that they didn't tell me it was happy hour and I saw the sign as I was walking out.  It was supposed to be if you buy two you get one free but when I mentioned it they said it was too late and maybe next time even though I had bought two smoothies.  They took a perfectly good chance to bring new people in and ruined it by being either shady or maybe just plain lazy.  I was taking the smoothies to my work next door for people working doubles we would have enjoyed them but instead I will definitely travel across the street to Jamba Juice!!
5	Really nice place. A bit pricy but I just love their great smoothies and the hummus wrap
5	I bought the reusable cup because I definitely see myself coming here frequently when I'm in a smoothie mood.(50 cents off when you bring it to use.) I've only ordered the tropical green one for myself so far because I love it! The second time I requested no added sugar, still delicious. Last time I went with my boyfriend it was during their happy hour, so we got a third smoothie free! We got the peanut butter, delicious choice for when you're in an indulgent mood and want to treat yourself.
5	I hate living so close to this place because it's always tempts me so... These smoothies probably aren't healthy but they are delicious nonetheless! You can add protein to any smoothie too which makes me feel a little less guilty about drinking this monstrous smoothie. They only have one size which is probably a large but my sister and I asked that they split my last smoothie and they happily did so. I'm sad their pumpkin pie smoothie is leaving but I'll be back to the tasty beat smoothie! It tastes sort of menthol-y which is weird but i love it. I'd recommend joining the text alerts so you know if it's a buy one get one day or not. And they have happy hour Monday-Friday from 2-5 (may wanna check yourself) buy one get one free! I love it here
