4	Heads up, Guy Fieri, while this place shares its very small parking lot with a Shell station, it is no "gas station food"! I just had lunch with Sam. Literally. When I asked where he got his delicious dolmas (grape leaves stuffed with rice and herbs) and he said his wife makes them, the skepticism was on my face. They were perfectly formed and the flavor was intense. He backed it up by showing me his personal lunch from home and sharing it with me to the detriment of the fries in my combo which I was unable to finish after gorging on meat-filled dolmas, stuffed cabbage and squash (none of which are on the menu). And, for the record, his wife's cabbage rolls are AMAZING and should be added, at least , as a special! So, while dining with Sam he explained that he hails from Chicago where he owned and operated a similar establishment and has come to the Valley to join his sisters, one of which owns King Gyros (http://www.yelp.com/biz/king-gyros-phoenix#hrid:66ywkbFKsg_1IA03dK_JSg/src:search/query:king%20gyro) which boasts its own 4 star Yelp rating after 16 reviews. Besides the dolmas ($3.95 for 6) and some of Sam's lunch from home, I enjoyed a falafel pita combo ($5.99). A lot of times falafel, similar to meatballs but made from ground chickpeas, is dry and demands the accompanying tahini sauce and then tastes of nothing but sesame paste (blech!), but this falafel is moist and flavorful. Sam serves it with tzatziki sauce instead of tahini and since I can't stand tahini anyway, this is a bonus for me! I also tasted my friend's gyros which was ginormous! He ate half, if that, and was bringing the rest home -- the pita was overflowing with moist, well seasoned meat. I'm not a hot dog girl, as I've mentioned before, but Sam is very proud of his all beef Chicago dog ($1.99) which he cooks on the grill; still, an Italian sausage ($3.25) is more my speed. Without a doubt, I'll be back to Sam's!P.S. The fries were hot and delicious and had a yummy seasoning sprinkled on them. :)
4	Meat-a-palooza!  these gyros are total meat fests, and darn good ones at that!  I ordered one to go and when I got home and unwrapped the meat sprung forth from the pita in a luscious, tender cascade.  The onions and tomato were beneath the meat, initially making me fear there were none, but alas, the veggie bits were hiding below simply the overabundance of sliced gyro-meat (I know its supposed to be some sort of lamb mix, but let's face it, gyro meat has its own taste).  Was that dill I tasted in the sauce?  Mmmmm, it's good.  Piping hot, moist, tender, and I cannot believe I almost ate the whole thing.I also ordered the hummus appetizers which was serviceable but not outstanding.  doubt if I will order it again, but only because I'll be tasting other menu items to see if anything can compete with their gyro.
4	So this place is really good. Gyro, stuffed with meat, tender yummy meat, plenty of sauce, soft warm pita. Onion and tomato Frys, hot, fresh, seasoned and plenty of them. Service, as expected... Excellent. I love when people ask how it is. Location, next to NOT IN a gas station on the south east side of the road.
4	I have always, since I moved to Arizona ten years ago, been fond of the great food found in the numerous strip mall restaurants in the Valley of the Sun.Sam's Gyros, run by the splendid Sam and his assistant Amy, is one of the best that I have recently encountered.Sam, a former Torontonian, serves up great Chicago-style dogs, burgers & spectacular gyros that are ripe to bursting with tasty meat, tomaters, and onions.I have yet to try everything on the menu, but I'm getting close.Sam is a very good guy, and he even makes me a special "Sam-style" breakfast, which consists of gyro meat, fried eggs, tomaters and onions, and spiced to perfection.After eating this breakfast, you will need to take a nap, or a long walk; personally, I prefer the nap(s).They even have Mexican Coke !Well worth a visit or three. Thanks again to Sam & Amy.
4	Totally an unsuspecting place.  You see a place next to a gas station and you don't assume good food but Sam's is actually pretty damn good.  Decent price for a gyro combo that includes pretty good fries and a soda.  Can't hate that.  The gyros are huge and full of all sorts of goodness.  Still not the best gyro ever...but pretty good for "gas station food."
4	Sam's Gyros is now open on Sundays !
4	Sam's Gyros is great. I'm a sucker for good, quick gyros and I dare you to find another place that has a gyros platter that contains more food (two people can share it easily.) Comes with a greek salad, and a huge pile of rice (basmati, I think) alongside the ginormous serving of succulent gyro meat. Sam and his wife are always in the store, and sometimes their son (I think...) mans the cash registers, too. They're super-sweet. I've also run into doctors and nurses from JCL when they're picking up food before their shifts. So if you need an impromptu medical consult while you wait for your dinner, I'm sure one of them would be happy to oblige. But, seriously, good food, reasonably priced, huge servings...if you're in or near the 'Slope, hit it soon.
3	This was a decent when I visited. I found the tzatziki sauce to be a little lacking, but the gyro was solid otherwise and decent fries. Very quick service and solid quality for a fairly inexpensive price. Not the most amazing gyro I have ever had, but solid.
4	I've been driving by this place for a long time thinking... "someday I've got to try that out". Recently, after a stellar review from another neighborhood yelper, I decided to finally take the plunge.  I went in for a very late lunch, so I had the place to myself. I introducted myself as a first-timer and was taken very good care of as I vascillated back and forth trying to make a decision as to what to order on this first reconnaissance mission.I finally ordered a gyro sandwhich AND a falafel salad as I was taking the food home and figured I could pass off the leftovers to my hubby that evening.  The food did not disappoint.  As others have stated, the gyro was STUFFED and overflowing with well-seasoned tasty meat. The sauce was delicious.  I will not hesitated to order it again.  The falafel salad was also scrumptious with 5 generous sized falafel balls on top of a salad with peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes. I particularly enjoyed the dressing and the fact that the salad was chopped into small easy to manage pieces -- yes I'm a diva about such things.Overall yummy food...more than generous portions...friendly staff.  I love that I've found another neighborhood treasure!
3	Dropping a star. Service was blah, more like whattcha want?Gyro was mushy, the meat was not cooked enough, i think there was an issue with the spit. The bread was not cooked enough, the sauce was darn near flavorless.
4	four stars for what it is a gyro stand.  Sam is from Chicago and knows what he is doing.  Not as fast take out as you get in Chicago but every bit as good.  Eat there at least once a week.
4	Place is great! Family owned, friendly service, clean and awesome Gyros at a really fair price.  What more could you ask for?
4	Excellent food! My only complaint is they are closed sundays.
4	Have been doing take out for the gyro and had a souvlaki plate in. Both time great. Being from Europe I do miss Mediterenean food and it satifies my graving. However, I still miss the real charred flavor of the souvlaki with the tzaziki sauce, greek style. This comes pretty close. Love the rice.
