4	Champaign Public Library doesn't hold a candle to the Urbana Free Library. Maybe when the library's new building opens - the expansion will help fatten up their shelves. Either way, the two libraries are on the Lincoln Trail system. It's truly wonderful. If you can't find a book here - a neighboring library most likely owns it.The circulation staff needs to step it up a notch - sometimes they'll have a book, but it's not on the shelf yet and it's nowhere to be found. Based on experience, I can say they're on their way to reshelving returned materials faster than before.AND!Forget Blockbuster, Hollywood Video, Schnuck's Video Rental or Exile on Main Street for video rentals. Unless you're looking for brand spankin' new releases. At the CPL, you can rent a DVD for $1. Keep it for an entire week. Measly late fees. You may not be able to find any movie you want here - but you can sure save a bunch by settling for whichever ones they have in stock.
5	Beautiful, huge & modern. When I move, I'm going to miss the free DVD rentals.Tip:  Be careful where you park. Most of the spaces are tiny and jam-packed with cars inches from one another. To protect your car, cruise to the back of the lot where it's less packed with SUVs and walk a bit farther to the entrance.
5	This is the fanciest library I've ever seen!  I haven't really been to many but compared to what this library used to look like before the expansion and compared to what I'm used to seeing back home, the Champaign Public Library is pretty cool.  My favorite things about this library are:- Plenty of seating.  There are lots of open couches to sit on and read or tables to work on.  There are even quiet rooms if you need the extra silence.- The children's area.  I bring my son with me most of the time and he enjoys playing with the toys in there.  I'm still trying to get him interested in the actual books though.  They also have story time in a separate room there.  The rainbow lights of the librarian's desk also entertain my son.- The checkout area.  It's electronic and fully automated so that all you have to do is stick your library card in the slot, stack your books on the rubber pad, and get a receipt of what you checked out.  I've never seen anything like it.  What's comforting is that there are still some clerks at the checkout desk so that if you're like me and can't quite figure it out on your first try right there to help you.- The outside book return.  It's so simple and fun to watch (or maybe I'm just easily entertained...LOL!)  It's not right in front of the entrance, it's on the opposite side of the building, but that makes it easier to return your stuff because all you have to do is drive around to the other side.  You don't have to park or get out of your car.  You just drive up and hold your book up to the return slot and it opens automatically.  Then you just put your things on the conveyor belt and the slot closes and you're done.  Easy!
5	I'd like to thank the Champaign Public Library for its major hand in my reading 10 books (for pleasure!) so far this year.  I'd also like to thank them for their huge dvd supply, which has allowed me to watch entire seasons of Project Runway, Frasier, Sex and the City, and Bridezillas.I got a b.s. late fee one time so far....but $1 for all that goodness?  Done and done.
5	I'm in this library as I type. It's the fourth time since it's been remodeled. It feels like I'm at the Amsterdam Muziekgebouw aan't IJ (http://www.muziekgebouw.nl/) Mezzanine every time I step in. Plenty of large tables to get down and dirty with calculus on. There is a Cafe. The audio visual rental selection is quite large too. Whatever. I haven't written a review for a very long time since I have been (happily) living in the middle of a cornfield and tending to grapes and other plants. So, yeah. Here's a review. I should study now.
5	Love this place! Who would've thought I'd be reviewing a library?The building is so cool and modern inside. So many places to lounge, a cafe, an outdoor area to chill, and the best thing of all for me is that there is a huge play area in the children's section! With toys, puzzles, and books galore. I haven't had to buy too many books for my little one (she's 1 now!). Instead, I check out 6 to 8 books per every 4 weeks for her to enjoy and they are all usually in good shape. Plus they have a free baby time class there where we can bring our babies. The instructors are so talented. They sing and read books to our babies. They also bring toys for them to play with. My little girl loves it! And loves to be with the other babies as well. Awesome!
5	This library is AMAZING!  It's brand new and has pretty much anything and everything that you would ever want to borrow.  I do a lot of "holds" online and get updates via email when things are due or are ready to be picked up.  The kids area is AWESOME!  They have a TON of books and a great area for kids to play in.Their media section is also huge.Check out is fast and easy with the "self checkout" stations.  It's the best library i have ever been to - seriously.
5	I am a student at the Graduate School of Library and Information Science, and I went here with a friend of mine who grew up in Champaign. He couldn't believe the changes. It's a beautiful building with plenty of space and friendly staff. We were able to easily reserve a room so that we could do his fantasy football draft. All of the natural light and comfortable chairs really create a space that is extremely inviting. I'm required to volunteer somewhere for a class of mine, and I chose this library if only to spend more time here. Now if only I could get a library card! I just have to prove I live here...hm...
5	An incredible place ("palace" would be no typo here) for all ages and purposes, whether it's studying or leisure browsing. The checkout procedure has achieved the holy grail of modernity: technologically advanced, easy to use, extremely efficient, and extremely cool. Out-of-town visitors and other first-time patrons will be very impressed, no matter how geeky they may be.
5	Let's put my qualifications out on the table first, shall we? Started reading newspapers out loud at age 2 (granted, they were upside down and I was speaking complete gibberish), toted storybooks with me in the car at age 5 (thereby ruining my eyes for life), devoured nearly the entire kids floor of the beloved Lisle Library, then proceeded to decimate both my Jr. High and High School libraries. So yes, I have probably spent 80% of my life in either a) a library or b) a book.That said... the first time I stepped foot in CPL I was left breathless and giddy with excitement. In a dinky little town like Champaign, CPL is an architectural oasis with its high ceilings, beautiful use of glass and steel, and clean, well-lit areas. Looks aside, the library is filled with everything a bibliophile could hope for. Shelves and shelves of books, organized so intuitively and neatly. An easy access section right off the entrance for new releases of books and DVDs. Computer terminals at all the right places for catalog searching. Huge tables and quiet areas for studying and researching. And the cherry on top? A small cafe downstairs to supply a book's Best Companion - coffee. What more could I want??? Oh yeah, the amazingly awesome super cool checkout system. Maybe I'm just easily impressed but the fact that you drop your card in a little slot, spread all your books out on a small platform and hit the OK on the touchscreen and YOU'RE DONE - this system easily earns a spot in my personal list of Wonders of the World. Honestly, I've been so spoiled by CPL that when I moved to NYC a few months ago, I ended up being sorely disappointed by the NYPL. It's like reverting to the Stone Age after riding around in a flying car - it really is enough to make a grown woman cry. (Which I did, quietly in a dirty bathroom in NY's Mid Manhattan Library upon my first visit - but let's keep that between you and me, ok?)
4	Great place to pick up movies and books and relax.  It's nice to get off campus and see "real people".  My only complaint is the emphasis on "movie rentals"...but I see that it makes them able to afford multiple copies.
5	I love going to the Champaign Public Library. The staff are always friendly and helpful. The place is clean, and the collection of books almost always what I need. I like that they have an easy online account and that I can search there and find some books that they'll save for me; very helpful when I have limited time and cannot browse. The children's book selection is amazing and we love it since it offers us a wide variety of books to read to them. It's a very comfortable library. Parking is easy, and the outside book drop behind the building is also very convenient for dropping off books after hours if need be. I really have no complaints with this library.
1	This place is the worst. Of course, it's beautiful and has a great selection of books...so long as you don't mind living under the most tyrannical librarian regime ever to live. Every time I walk into this library, I feel like I'm walking on eggshells wondering what rule I might break next. And God forbid they catch your child with a Goldfish cracker in the kids section...off with their heads! Additionally, once it was off limits to Savoy/Mahomet residents, I felt unwelcome there and totally uncomfortable. I do have a grad student friend who had her feet slightly outside her sandals and got yelled at for it. Who the hell are these librarians to tell people how they need to sit or wear their shoes? And the children's librarians are not friendly or nice with the kids, but generally seem annoyed that anyone is even there. I thought that was the point of a library? To excite people about reading and give FREE ACCESS TO ALL. Champaign "Public" library (which it really isn't anymore) is truly the most unfriendly library I have ever been to and I will never go back there again.
5	The Lincoln Trail Library system is well-designed, and if the Champaign Pub Lib doesn't have what you need, they'll find a way to connect you with someone that has the book or whatever material you want/need. Also, they have a rather fantastic collection of CDs. This is a great place to study on a quiet afternoon, but also near finals, it can be a nice place to escape from campus and your apartment. It's also wonderful to be there when working on a paper or project where a seemingly endless number of resources are needed. Big tables are great for spreading out. All of this said, be careful because they are rather strict about which library you've got a card to (it all depends on where you live) and they are also a little strict about cleanliness, etc. Lots of money was spent on this library, though, so I believe it's warranted.Also: WiFi is free, but only if you have a library card. Not sure how it works if you do not have a library card.
5	I'm a stalker of modern architecture, so I am biased about this library. Other than the carpet that has been permanently muddied up by the unwashed masses seeking free DVD movies and internet access, this place is downright fabulous.
5	I love the library. They have a great selection of books and DVDs and you can of course request things they don't have. It takes a while to get popular items like some TV shows on DVD, but then again, I guess I'm glad that they aren't using their resources to buy 15 copies of Big Bang Theory.  The little coffee shop isn't bad, and  adds to library's appeal as a study location. Like some previous reviewers wrote, they tend to enforce cleanliness rules strictly, but I'm okay with that. I've been told to keep my feet inside my ballet flats while studying, but I guess it's kind of gross to have exposed foot-age just hanging out.
5	This is definitely one of the best libraries I've been to and here's why:- TONS of window light- Cafe with tasty treats and lattes- Free wifi- Lots of table space- Great book selection- Lots of DVDs/BDs I've spent a lot of time at this library rather than the one in Urbana, even though it was further away. It's easy to connect to the internet, get work done and not feel crowded by bookshelves or people. Also, the checkout process is all automated, which makes it much smoother to get out when you're ready to go.
2	Sure the building is somewhat pretty. With their big glass walls, their cozy cafe, and their different seating options. However, that doesn't make up for the rude service. I completely agree with the reviews that say the professionals that work at this library are very anal and strict for NO. GOOD. REASON. They are constantly hovering around groups. If they notice that your feet are crossed in the slightly way that might be touching their precious couch cushions or chairs, they will come over and rudely tell you to reposition yourself. I had the heel of my foot sticking out of my sandal and a librarian came over and rudely glared me down and told me to put my shoes back on.. They will make it point to let you know they aren't pleased with you. A community public library should be friendly and open, however the staff her can be described as downright rude and anal for no apparent reason. The library is slowly losing it's funding and not making much profit. I now understand why.
5	This is a wonderful library! The children's section has a small play area and a lot of children's books/comics/DVDs to choose from. I love that you can rent DVDs and CDs for free. The employees are always very helpful and informative.
5	Landmark Review:CPL = the new barnes and noble. I have not been to the library in a long time but I am amazed by the experience. I realize that this place may have a lot of rules based on prior yelp reviews, but I did not have a issue at this time. It sort of stinks that you can't put your head down to rest like you can at a college library, but the other pro's are off the chart. Let me list them here1. It is super easy to get a card. You hop on a computer and put in your information to obtain a card. You go to the desk with your ID containing your address and they give you a non-photo library card2. Electronic resource galore: they have zinio, hoopla for online movies and cd rental3. Computer stations everywhere and in the kids section they allow video games to be played4. Large DVD, blue ray, and video game section. Unfortunately no free video game rental but at 1 dollar per week that is super cheap. DVD are free unless you get the rent it now feature which is 2 dollar per week5. Large library catalog, you can find likely anything here6. Children story time, great socialization for parents with kids and it is all free or at least you paid for it with your tax payer dollarsHidden deal: Everything above and more!
5	I've been a loyal CPL goer for many years. The library has so many benefits for families and individuals. As the parent of a five year old, I've been amazed at how much stuff they have for children. The children's book selection is enormous. We often borrow five to ten books at a time, grab a few DVDs from the large collection there, and come back a week later for a new batch. The library is a sleek, modern design with many different nooks and quiet places for you to sit and read or study. They have a large computer area on the second floor, but I cannot speak to the use or abuse of those. There's also a children's computer area next to the play area for kids. The checkout is a breeze with the electronic tags found in every book. You toss them on the electronic mat, wait for the title to appear on the screen, and off you go. Nothing difficult about that. There's always been someone there to ask questions if needed. I've recommended CPL to family members and other parents, since they have so many quality resources. This library is truly awesome and the staff should be proud of the work they put in there each day. Hopefully budget troubles can be figured out and the library will stand when my daughter grows old enough to take her own children there.
4	It is still worth a trip to see the building, the exhibitions, the staircases and the other rooms.My friends and I take a holiday walk every year to see all of the festive Christmas trees. If you visit during the holidays, make sure you view their tree.
5	a great library with great dvd selection. tge staff in overall is nice and friendly. i love the quiet study room and the private group study room. the check-in system is easy to use and assistance is almost immediate from a staff nearby.
