5	This very special event is top notch! Everything from the catering to management of the course (loop) and the grounds (bootyville)...are well thought out and executed. The icing on the cake is the awesome group of people you get to interact with. This is my fourth year attending the event as a sponsor and a volunteer. This year I heard one thing over and over from our team and other riders...LOVE the multiple hydration stations peppered along the course! Bring 'em back again next year. Only ding this year...we needed more garbage cans.
5	In a city full of great philanthropic folks and fantastic fundraisers, booty is tops. Extraordinary cause, exceptionally well-run and a really wonderful time for riders, families, volunteers, exhibitors and supporters. While I haven't had the pleasure to ride in 24 HoB, I did have the honor of hosting a vendor table at the expo. Folks from all walks of life stopped by the table and each was grateful, excited and truly happy to be there. The Bootyville area (expo and camping ground) are spacious, well laid out and clean. As for the course, it's also well-staffed, with plenty of signage. Gotta love the Booty Loop.Whether you dig vitaminwater, Powerade, water, granola bars, bananas, chicken breast, pasta salad etc. - you can find it at the expo and food tents. Plus, there were plenty of iced down towels, courtesy of Yelp ;) If you ever get a chance to donate, fundraise, vend, volunteer or participate in 24 Hours of Booty - definitely do so. It's a well-oiled machine that's kicking cancer's ass.
5	Participated in the Reboot this year and am setting my sights to getting a team together to do the full event!  Everything was well planned and event organizers did not leave any stone un-turned or any t's uncrossed!  My one complaint was out of anyone's control:  The heat.I did get to run into Ben at the yelp tent and he helped me cool down with an ice cold water and a nifty Yelp Sweatband (also soaked in water).  It felt great to put the ice cold sweatband on my arm and I left it for the rest of the day, which means I have a really funky tan line on my left bicep.  No worries... It was well worth it.Love that this event raises so much awareness and money to kick cancer where it hurts the most.  The best part about participating in the ride was that I was able to 1) go a distance I have never done in one sitting and 2) contribute to a cause that is close to my heart since my family has been recently touched by cancer in the past year.  My mom is a SURVIVOR!  So I was doing it for her and hopefully many more moms that can share my mom's experience.Bootyville at Myers Park HS was well into full swing when I arrived in the morning to check in.  The tents in the baseball fields were pitched and there was a definitely buzz/excitement in the air.  Ton's of cool swag at Bootyville from food goods, to samples, as well as massages.I'm glad I was able to endure the heat since people dealing with cancer have so much more strength than I do.  It was a great chance for me to feel like I was contributing to a great cause.
