4	Been a member here for about five months now, and I have nothing bad to say about the place.  It's a no-frills type of gym that costs $35 a month (a little more if you're not a student), so don't expect towel service,  friendly employees, or virgins feeding you grapes while you're on the elliptical.  I do agree with the previous reviewer, the woman who works there is pretty stone cold.  However, I have no reason to speak to her, so she can continue riding her high horse.  What you do get is a clean, well maintained place with the necessities - plenty of cardio equipment, free weights, machines, a small workout room with equipment and three spin bikes.  All in all, I'm a satisfied customer of Anytime.  It costs 1/5 of what I used to pay at the SportsClub LA, and it has everything I need.
5	Got a personal trainer at Anytime Fitness in July of this year and now work out three days a week almost without fail. My trainer (Pat Lehr) is not only a fantastic coach but knows a lot about health and nutrition which makes for a much more holistic approach leading to life changing habits (rather than yo-yo dieting and weekend warrior type workouts). I highly recommend the personal trainer approach to working out, by the way, especially if you have a very busy lifestyle and are accountable to everyone but yourself! Very impressed with the Q&A that's posted on the bulletin board, the member profiles, the giant chalkboard of inspiring ideas they had up all summer, and especially the sheer creativity of the one-on-one coaching. I've never done the same workout twice so there's never a dull moment! Oh and excellent range of equipment, clean facilities, friendly, personable staff, etc.
4	This location of Anytime Fitness is a bit larger than the Sherman Rd. location with a few more treadmills and ellipticals. It's also on the busy side around prime time (5pm) but usually you can get onto a machine within a few minutes.  I do believe this location is going to start offering small group exercise classes.  My only issue with this location is the parking lot. It's always a game of "I'm a shark circling my prey" trying to find a spot in the lot, it doesn't matter if it's 2pm on a Saturday or 6pm on a Tuesday.  That lot is a zoo!  Fine, fine, tell me I'm lazy and I could just park on Midvale or in the neighborhood on the other side and walk 50 feet.  I'm going to the gym to walk on the treadmill for goodness sake!  All true. Sigh.
2	People who work out at this facility use the class room for weight lifting and so on, and get upset if you use the room as it was intended - for a video class - even if you tell them they are welcome to continue doing their own weight lifting in there while you do the class. One of the personal trainers gave me a weight lifting routine that was  much too intense based on my size and ability, and resulted in my getting injured. The facility is okay if all you plan to do is use the cardio equipment and lift weights on your own, but it is not meeting my needs and the management of the shared space is minimal.
4	Really nice people and a very clean location.  It's small, but powerful :)     Plenty of changing rooms (not locker room) and a kiosk for classes as opposed to large group classes.
2	Not a fan of this location at all. It shares a parking lot with a library, restaurant , ice cream shop and apartment building. There is hardly any parking. It's always busy. Obviously there isn't anything they can do about that but don't even think about parking here anywhere near "peak" hours.My biggest pet peeve in a gym are inconsiderate trainers. I understand that people have paid extra for personal training and you are working with them on a set plan, I'm not delusional. What I don't like is when they train someone as if they are only people in the gym. Using 3 sets of weights at a time or hogging a weight bench and a squat rack. This does two things. It leaves a bad taste in my mouth saying I'm playing second fiddle in your gym just because I don't want or need personal training. It also teaches the people you are training really poor gym etiquette. The gym in its self is fine, box store gym, clean and  an average selection of equipment, but I really don't feel like the staff is up to par with some of the other Anytimes. I also didn't see the wifi code posted anywhere. In short the equipment is decent, nothing mind blowing. The parking is TIGHT and used by a lot of other businesses. Don't bother trying to go around peak hours. Most importantly don't think the trainers will give you equal space or practice any etiquette while they are with a client. Writing bad reviews isn't fun, but I won't be back to this location.
1	I just completed a one  year membership and I will not renew.   It is    very DIRTY  and gross.   Many members don't  wipe down the equipment as they get off , and no one seems to care.    There was a towel on the floor in the  bathroom  " and i "noticed"  it  on saturday, sunday and again monday.    Gross and smelly      Finally-- the 50.00 fee for the key is a scam for 2 cents worth of plastic.   .   How about take a 50.00 deposit and charge me if I lose it?    with  cheaper, cleaner  places right down the road   ( Midvale by Hilldale  and on odana) they should clean up their act.   But.. most importantly. there is a high pressure sales pitch to join and buy training packages.     I was told the membership included one visit with a trainer.   NOT TRUE,  it was a quick "assessment" and he told me I was needed to work out .  ( really???) and then I was steered into an office where a "salesmen"  offered me training packages.    iNo kidding..the packages  run up to 10,000. 00.
