5	We had Play Time Pet Care watch our "kids" (dachshund, a high maintenance cat, and two bearded dragons) for the first time when we went on a mini-vacation recently. I have to say that we were blown away! First, Jenna came out to meet the kids and see how our house runs so she would be ready to stay the night and care for them. She was very thorough and asked questions to clarify what she needed to know. While we were on vacation, we got picture texts with updates once or twice a day letting us know that she was at our house and how the kiddos were doing. This was very much appreciated and made it possible for us to enjoy our vacation without worrying if the kids were okay. When we got home from our trip, our house was just as we left it. The kids were happy and not spazzing out like they usually do when we leave town. You could tell they really enjoyed their time with Jenna and I don't think they missed us at all! :) This was a wonderful experience and Play Time Pet Care will definitely be our go-to for our pet-sitting needs in the future. We HIGHLY recommend Play Time Pet Care!!!
4	Jenna is great! When we lived in AZ, I would always call her for my kitty care needs. One of my cats is very fickle and takes a long time to warm up to people but she liked Jenna and would come out and see her! She also sent pictures to me on each visit which always made me feel more at ease about leaving my kitties when I had to be away!If you need a petsitter, give Jenna a call!
5	Since I found PTPC via Yelp I wanted to make sure I left my $.02 after using their services. And they were *great*. Tami, the pet sitter who cared for my three cats, came to meet them ahead of time and the first thing she did was sit down on the floor to greet the felines. By the end of the first meeting, she even had my most skittish, finicky cat playing with her-- something I have *never* seen that cat do with a stranger. While I was gone, Tami was in contact with me about my cats every day, sending pictures and text messages. She answered my every concern (is Callie eating? Have you seen Widget? etc.)Jenna, the owner, was wonderfully helpful via emails, as well, and she and Tami helped me take care of my cats an extra two days when winter weather trapped me on the east coast. The website is super easy to use and allows you to be sure all the important information gets not only to your regular pet sitter but also to anyone who might need to take over if something were to happen. I'm a super picky pet parent and I wholeheartedly approve of PTPC.
