5	Very good Israeli restaurant right down the street from ASU.  It is a casual family-run place where you will find the usual suspects of Middle Eastern fare.  Excellent, cheap, and very large chicken shawarma sandwiches.  The combo plate is also noteworthy.  Really good falafel and I love their hummus.  The lentil soup is also stellar.  This is a no-brainer for lunch if you are in Tempe.  The service is fast and friendly.
5	We've been going to Sabuddy (they tell us it's pronounced "suh-BUDdy") for several years, and the place has definitely kept its hometown charm, even as its popularity has increased -- as, necessarily, have its prices, to meet demand. It's still gives you some of the best bang for your buck in town -- some of the best-tasting food, as well as generous quantities of it! The servers are usually pretty friendly, and they will give you recommendations to your taste. We can never eat it all, and always box it up for have delicious leftovers the next day. It beats pizza, burgers, and your usual fare for flavor and healthfulness to be sure!
4	I understand that the Tempe location has since closed but I visited the Scottsdale location on Shea and Scottsdale Rd.  I had the Schnitzel and it was very tasty and all of the food was very well prepared.  The dish included a stew, rice, Pita bread and a dollop of hummus.  Including drink the meal was about 10-11 dollars plus tip which seemed reasonable.   Next time, I'll try either the falaffel or shawarma but I definitely think there will be a next time.Tell 'em "benny" sent ya!
4	I was visiting from out of town in March 2006 and my coworkers took me here. I had never had Israeli food although I love good Mediterranean cuisine. This place was inexpensive and had a lot of flavorful and distinct items on their menu. Reading a previous review, apparently it has closed down. I guess I'll have to visit the Scottsdale location if I end up going to Phoenix again.
5	Labne, Jersulam meatballs are tastey.  I tried the chicken with gravy dish(forgot the name), it was the special of the day.  Ask the waiting staff for the specials.  The place is comfortable, has a relaxed feeling, and full of spicy aroma. We took our portions home for the prize we paid. Lentil Stew/soup is awesome. Worth visiting again with your friends. I like this restaurant.
4	Take it from an ex- waitress at this hot spot. Its still worth the drive, even up in Scottsdale. The shawarma was always very popular, but I prefer the grilled chicken pita.Lindsay's special vegan friendly recipe? Order the lentil soup (more of a stew) and an order of the best hummus in the valley. Add a squeeze of lemon to the lentil soup. Take your pita and dip it in the hummus and then straight into the lentil soup. Its amazing. Something about the creamy hummus with the lentils and bits of lemon... delicious!
