5	So happy to see Rochelli's doors open in Scottsdale. The pizza is terrific and the friendly, mom and pop service can't be beat. This place is permanently secured on our regular rotation of favorite restaurants.
5	Great pizza. I've been there 3 times since we discovered it 10 days ago. The crust, the sauce and the toppings are all excellent and authentic.I love how the outer crust is perfectly crispy yet soft in the middle, perfect to fold; as god intended pizza to be eaten.
5	Same rings, same great pizza! The same owners as the ones in N Phoenix have reopened at Bell & Thompson Peak!!!
4	Yum!Stopped in after a WestWorld event. This was some seriously good pizza. The crust was crisp and the sauce and toppings were good. Just the right amount of cheese.It seemed like they were a little unorganized, which we later found out that they've just re - opened. There are still a few timing kinks to work out, but the food was delicious. I had a couple of slices and the hubs had wings.These slices were so good that I can't wait to try a whole pie! Unfortunately they aren't nearby our home, but this won't be my last WestWorld event so I'll be back.(They're closed on Sundays, bummer because I would have made my next visit today after WW)
4	We've picked up takeout a few times and had them deliver once.  The pizza is really very good.  I like their thin crust, it's nice and crispy and the sauce has a good flavor.  My husband tried the chicken parm today, it's a big sandwich with nice quality chicken and he thought it was delicious.  After our first pie, we decided that the pizza was somewhere between MA and NJ style pie, it turns out the owner is from CT.Delivery was fast but they have good parking here and it's incredibly convenient to be able to run into the grocery store around the corner while you're waiting.It's a typical store front pizza place with a limited menu, nothing fancy.  The pizza is 18" and freezes/reheats perfectly.  As with most places, the slices from  a full pizza are better than the slices sold individually so you're better off getting a whole pizza - at least the first time.
4	found this place and glad I did. I have gone back a few times and the pizza and sandwiches are good. I would highly recommend this place.
5	We tried the Italian beef sandwich today and all I can say is WOW.  The beef was lean and sliced thin with onions, spicy peppers and melted cheese.   The roll was outstanding, light and fluffy with a crispy outside.  A side of au jus that had a nice flavor and wasn't too salty.  The sandwich itself is gigantic, more than enough for two people.  Grabbed a couple of slices too and they were delicious as usual.As I mentioned before, the location is awesome because they have good parking and the grocery store is right around the corner. If you live in the area you are missing out if you haven't tried Rochellis!
5	Best pizza, calzones and sandwiches in town. My favorite is a sausage (housemade), mushrooms (fresh not canned crap), and onion pizza. And you must NOT miss the onion rings. Casual place to pick up and take home, or hang out and have a slice. Skip the mass-produced plastic crap and come here to get real pizza.
4	I'm definitely glad Rochelli's has reopened. My husband and I has lunch there on Saturday. We got our fix of onion rings and pepperoni pizza. Ryan was our sever. Even though he was flying solo, managed to take care of us, a family of four and make two to go orders practically at the same time. Ryan did a great job. See you guys soon.
5	Great local option for pizza! You may pay a few extra bucks compared to the Papa Johns and Pizza Huts of the world but it is worth every penny. We went with the large crust which is actually the only size and crust options they offer. I prefer pizzas in a large and thin crust form but I was surprised they didn't not have a smaller version especially for those who are ordering for two. Well...two and half since one of the people was me. As for the pizza itself it was terrific. So often when you order thin crust via a delivery method it ends up being more like a soft tortilla pizza as opposed to the crackery texture all thin crust lovers aspire to find. Let's just say that our pizza was much closer to the cracker end of the spectrum which was a pleasant and unexpected surprise. I highly recommend giving their pizza a shot if you love real thin crust pizza. Oh and the onion rings are outstanding as well!!
5	My favorite pizza! They have the best sauce and the best crust I've ever tasted. And THE ONION RINGS!!! So good! I've also tried the meatball sub -- this too was AMAZING! As if the food wasn't enough to keep me coming back, the service is pretty great too! They have some really nice people working there; it's a really family friendly place.
3	Pizza itself was fairly good and I appreciated the crust the most with the extra residual flour that was present.  Too many places use cornmeal instead.  Slices were hot, and good value for the portion size.  One major, major drawback is that there was a horrendous sewer smell in there and something like that makes it very difficult to eat food when enduring.  It was more noticeable towards the back, around the soda fountains and such.  Still, hard to enjoy food in here.
2	Okay, the call in was great and handled well. Delivery was fast and the gal was really nice.   Now to the nitty gritty.... The pizza was soggy, flavor average at best. ... Just a bad pizza. The sauce non existent,  toppings sparse and you could get better at Domino's for half the price. Hope this helps.
