3	Two dollars earns you a bowl of chow mein and an optional generous dab of peanut sauce (a.k.a. melted peanut butter).During the warmer months they sell the chow mein straight through the window on the street. They also have combos that include chow mein and rolls/dumplings/drinks, but I think they are overpriced.Never open before 6-ish pm, hardly ever a customer inside. I don't even know if they have a menu. The chow mein is cooked inside, then kept on a griddle (or a hot plate, whatever), waiting for the customer. Ergo you can get slightly burnt mein or very fresh noodles, depending on customer dynamics.When drunk, when late, or when simply craving some unhealthy munch, the two dollar chow mein place is the hit with students and local punters.Expect nothing but a delicious pile of good olde fashioned cheap street grub.
5	I have been to Montreal 5 times, and I have gotten "2 Dollar Chow Mein" 3 times. I know I am heavily biased, but of all of the ideas for street food I have seen: hot dogs, pretzels, BBQ, etc., this is by far the greatest. Chinese food on the street for all the drunken bar-hoppers? Freaking. Brilliant.Last time I was in Montreal I was staying near McGill downtown and we went bar-hopping in le village gai. We walked nearly 2 km out of our way to get 2 Dollar Chow Mein. Damn was it worth it. Is this gourmet Chinese food? No! But the sauce is peanuty, the dish is hot, the serving is generous for a twonie, and the concept is incredibly novel and brilliant. Chinese food. On the street. Open til 3 am. New York, get your act together and get up on this!!
4	Give me some of that "peanut butta sauce"You probably don't want this if you're not drunk, but otherwise, c'mon I don't care if it sounds gross to you, no one I know doesn't think this shit is delicious once they've tried it. Withhold your reservations, don't be a snob. Just ask to have some of that warm PB poured all over those greasy fried noodles then squirt some Sriracha and Soya sauce on it. Sounds good, no? That'll be 2 bucks.
3	Chez Mein, aka 2$ Chow Mein, is legendary on the Main.  Chez main operates in a tiny space on St. Laurent.  They have enough room for 4-10 people to sit and no bathroom.  There is no menu but rather bristol boards that are brought outside when the drunk rush starts.  The food itself is nothing really special.  It's extremely greasy, "Chinese"/Canadian food served on the street.  What makes it special is the fact that you can get a large serving of peanut butter covered chow mein noodles for 2$.  This may not seem like a big deal, but bring someone who's never been after a few drinks and they will be amazed.  The food always seems to "hit the spot" after a couple of beers.  Plus, it's vegetarian friendly, so everyone's happy!
1	the infamous $2 chow mein place in the wee hours of the night (or very early morning).. this is the food of the extremely wasted where one will never remember what happened the night before. because seriously, you don't want to remember that you ate here.there's nothing else to say. no sane person be it sober or tipsy would go here. if you have a really drunk friend, bring them here and taste what they are eating. one sober forkful is all you need to forever ban this place of your culinary destination.
5	Okay, I can understand why people say that you probably won't like this place AS MUCH if you're not drunk...but I beg to differ. I liked this place when I was sober and drunk. :D :DBEST $2 chow mein and eggrolls. Fried noodles with teriyaki or peanut butter sauce and egg rolls...FOR ONLY $2! When you're drunk and hungry, Chez Mein has you covered. They prepare themselves and they open their large glass windows to a flood of hungry, loud, and drunk pedestrians. It definitely gets crowded after a night of debauchery and for good reason. :)I appreciated my $2 noodles and egg rolls....while being sober as well as drunk. Thank you, Montreal.
