4	This is truly a phenomenal and so simple form of hair removal. It literally involves a mere piece of thread. No waxes, no mess, virtually no pain, no residues, no post plucking, no redness. I highly recommend this to anyone that regularly has eyebrows waxed or plucked. This establishment only does threading, but is not limited to just brows. Chin, face, sideburns, and neck can also be done. Eyebrows Are just $10! There is also a rewards card that gets stamped every time you come in for a service. Buy 9, get the 10th for free. Not limited to the same service, so this also a great deal. Highly recommend!
5	Today was my first time having my eyebrows threaded and I absolutely LOVED the experience and the way my brows are shaped. It is way better than waxing or tweezing. She was so gentle. I didn't feel any sort of pain while she was working on my eyebrows. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place for eyebrow threading.
5	I went to Ibrow threading today and wanted to let others know it was a great experience. I never had this done before, but was tired of waxing/tweezing. It was quick, and professional.I can't say it was painless, but it was much less painful than tweezing and waxing. I will never go back to waxing/tweezing! If you want to minimize the sensitivity ladies, have it done right after your cycle. The week before is the most sensitive time. They offer eyebrow, lip, chin and full face threading.
4	I had getting my eyebrows done on my to-do list for the past week and even though I get an amazing shape at the place I usually go to, I have some doubts about their cleanliness and wanted to try out a new place. After dinner this evening I yelped eyebrows in the Tempe Marketplace and Ibrow Threading was still open at 8pm. It's a little unclear where the location was, so I gave them a call and she said it's just below Cadillac Ranch, across from Dave and Buster's. I headed over with my friend and it's a small little shop with one lady at the front. I let her know that I was just looking to have my eyebrows shaped and cleaned up and she went to work. This was my first time and the threading was nearly painless, much more so than waxing. There was a couple of times I felt a small pinch, but otherwise it didn't feel like much was going on. After a couple minutes she handed me a mirror to take a look and my eyebrows were good as new. Considering that this place is a lot closer than where I went previously, and because I appreciate threading as opposed to adding more chemicals to my face, this will be my go-to spot.
5	Ten minutes to perfect eyebrows and no damage to my skin? Yes, please! This is a great threading place. I've gone multiple times and each time it's been a good a experience. I've had different women do my eyebrows and they are all perfectionists.It's hidden in it's location underneath the Cadillac Ranch, and there is seldom a wait.  They offer eyebrow, lip, chin, and full face services. They also have a punch program so after 12 sessions, you'll earn a free one.
5	My eyebrows turned out amazing. She made them as symmetrical as I've ever had them before, which is very difficult to do since no one is perfect and even our bones are different in each eye. It was pretty painless and took less than 10 mins. Definitely making this my spot. The loyalty card also helps :-)
5	Perfect eyebrows for so cheap and painless! It was my first time getting them threaded and I could not have picked a better spot to get them done.
5	Ok its hard for a guy to find a place like because usually they are wide in the open and a bit embarrassing due to we don't want to down grade our masculinity. I like this place A LOT. It was hidden and small but welcoming. I didn't have to wait and for my luck, I was alone. The girl there did an amazing job cleaning up my caterpillars to a even look but yet not so shaped to see that I get my brows done. For $10 plus a $5 tip (come one its a service please don't for get to tip) I was in and out in under 10 mins. Thanks.
1	I said I want them as thick as you can and she made them as thin as she can.
4	I just went yesterday for my third time... Unfortunately I have a lot of peach fuzz and also a lot of baby hairs that grew out crazy cause I decided to use those little facial hair razor thingamajigs... Sunita did a great job cleaning up my entire face. My skin looks a bit clearer and my makeup goes on way better after the first day. I only give it 4 stars cause she tends to over-thread a wee bit too much on the inside of my left brow by the nose. Other than that, I always leave satisfied and recommend her to anyone as it's less painful than waxing or plucking!
1	Do not go here. Place is so dirty and unprofessional, with inexperienced people working. I'm walking out with my eyebrows completely thinned down, ugly, VERY uneven and a crucial area that makes my arc an ARC is missing on the left brow. What the hell? I clearly explained to her that I want them lighter but try not to thin them. So she cut them like crazy which I thought would help, BUT her technique was choppy and she did not know how to do it right. So she tried to fix that, and I told her once again, don't thin them. She said she's trying to make it blend. Ok. So now most of my left brow is missing, and both of them don't have a nice angle the way I like them and the way I explained to her. She admitted it was her fault so charged me 5 instead of 10, THAT IS HOW BAD MY EYEBROWS ENDED UP LOOKING. To the point where she decided to give me 50% off. Just like how 50% of my eyebrow is missing!!!!
5	So I walked into this place last week to get my eyebrows done and I was greeted by the most polite girl her name was Brigette! She was so outgoing and friendly and did a perfect job on my eyebrows and it didn't even hurt, she did an amazing job I'm definitely coming back to her again! Thanks Brigette :)
4	I've been going here the past few months and the first few times I was impressed because people are always thinning them out or leaving them too thick. My brows have a natural arch but I like to get them cleaned up. So I was excited to find someone who did them the way I wanted them to look. However the last few times I've gone, when I ask to have them cleaned up, they tend to look clean between the brows and underneath but there's no prominent shape. So now I know that I must be specific in saying to shape and clean but not too thin and don't leave them thick. Also I noticed that one lady threads too much on my left brow leaving it slightly indented too much from my nose.... so I have to fill them in daily, which in all honesty, I don't like having to do if I don't need to. The other lady I've had tends to cut my right lid. Not sure if it's because she goes so fast or I'm not stretching it enough... but she's done it twice. Afraid to try someone new since they are not too far from where I live. But I'll have to give someone else a go. Still a pretty decent place and inexpensive.
5	I've been coming here since I moved to AZ 9 months ago and it's sufficed as a "ok" replacement for the quality work of my last eyebrow threading place! But today, I'm over the moon happy. It was the first time I walked out without teary eyes and my skin felt calm! Today a lady named Puspa threaded my eyebrows and she was THE BOMB! Seriously, my eyebrows look amazing and it didn't hurt one bit! She said she usually works Saturday mornings so I highly recommend coming then. Left her a good tip because I was so grateful!
3	Sunita seems to be the best available person there but she handles you a bit rough. Ended up cutting my skin.
1	After spending all day trying to find a decent eyebrow threading salon I decided to try this one despite some of the reviews. First of all I couldn't find the actual salon. It's hidden and super small and after realizing I had passed it maybe four times I was annoyed. I was the only one in the salon and she sat me down right away. Thank god that it was air conditioned well because I was sweaty and hot. I asked the girl to do whatever she thought was best with my eyebrows since I don't know how to do them myself. Usually when someone is shaping your eyebrows it takes quite a few minutes. After maybe two or three total minutes she was done. I thought that maybe she was just super fast but no my eyebrows had no shape to them whatsoever and she barely cleaned them up. Then I realized she was in such a hurry because two other people walked in while she was working on me. I was so frustrated I left without saying anything. I will never return here and if you're looking for a good eyebrow spot I recommend you look somewhere else.
5	I have been getting my eyebrow threaded  here since last 2 years and Swaysha does it exactly the way I want it. Her hands are so light it doesnot hurt comparing to other places. They also have punch card .... which is great coz I usually get my eyebrow threaded every 3 weeks. So far the best place to shape your eyebrow in tempe!! MUST TRY IT.
3	Hit or miss for this place.  One time I had an amazing eye brow thread, perfectly shapped eyebrows.  Another I had patches left and uneven..
