1	They broke half of my packages. I won't come this stupid place again. Packages were thrown everywhere, tips: the payment may not refundable! Come on, just try usps only one block to go!
3	I've always viewed this place as a run-of-the-mill UPS store. I don't have any particular highlight on the good or the bad side. The lines can get pretty congested here from all of the college students having no idea what they're even doing in line. The staff, though not the cheeriest in the world, seem to know what they're doing and are use to the heavy traffic.
1	When I was here the first time, the guy who served me did not charge me for taping up my box and though he did not know the answers to my questions, he clarified with a colleague, was patient and provided good customer service. So I went there again today to return an online purchase without taping my box prior. I was told by another staff I have to pay $2 to have my box taped. And I asked the staff why the discrepancy between my first time there and today, he insisted it was a mistake that I wasn't charged previously. So I decided to buy a roll of tape for $7, then he said I can leave my box on the desk and he'll tape for me with his tape, after I bought one!Well, why made a customer buy a roll of tape when it was your mistake misinforming us, and only to provide "free" tape after that? This is terrible customer service and there wasn't any visible sign on the counter that there is a charge on customers for taping their boxes. The staff was curt in his service and his attitude was really bad! He totally undid my positive experience and impression of the store from my first visit!P.S. The star on my post was just so I can post this up, otherwise it'll be none at all.
1	Awful. They do everything they can to take your money. You can buy a box ($5) and place your items in the box yourself, or they can shadily whisk it away as you try to begin to package it yourself, and then charge you an extra $8 to throw stuff in and then slap some tape on it. And then on top of that, they took my box that I brought in with me...with no explanation. I should've charged THEM $5. And then $8 because, well, I don't really need a reason, do I?
