4	I stopped in at this restaurant for lunch on my last visit to Montreal. It was around 2 p.m., following the lunch 'rush'. I was greeted by Kimberly who was sitting at a table working on her computer. I was offered a table by the window, which is perfect on a rainy day to watch life go by.I ordered the Asian chicken soup, and a Salad with grilled chicken. Service was warm and friendly and very attentive. Chatted with Kimberly who interacted with every customer that walked in the door. Many customers are on a first name basis with the owner (Kimberly) and enjoy the personal attention.There is an open kitchen concept with plenty of amazing aromas finding their way in to the dining room. The food was great, beautiful presentation. Dessert ( Kimberley's carrot cake) was a must even though I was stuffed!This restaurant is not open in the evenings, so lunch is your only chance to enjoy this great venue.Say hello to Kimberly for me!
2	I was curating a show nearby for one month. Options for lunch in that neighborhood? The pickins' are slim, Jim! By and far, Miss Pret has the healthiest food on that dismal block (everything else is burgers and beer). However, the portions are teeny-tiny. I went a few times, each time ordering a different salad combo (yum!). But they would fill most of the to-go container (about two-thirds) with a few pieces of big lettuce leaves so that the main only filled one-third of the box. Each time I was left going, 'ok, so where do I go for a real meal now?' The kitchen also re-uses so many of the main ingredients across plates that in fact, you're left with few options in the end. i.e.) sweet potato is in many dishes, as is spinach etc.Every time I've visited they seem to be overstaffed (sometimes 8 people visible behind the counter when there are only 2 customers), and yet I've had to wait very long for my food.
4	I sampled the canapes at Yelp's Belle Mo event, which were provided by Miss Pret a Manger. I have to say, the ones I tried were not only delicious, but also really well-presented and cleverly put together. Canapes can sometimes get a bit dull, if you're going to a lot of events, and for anyone who is hosting an event and looking for something a bit different, I can highly recommend Miss Pret a Manger. The vegetarian cocktail sticks, with tomatoes and cheese were gorgeous, and the salmon pate was served generously on the crostinis.
5	Kim and the entire Miss Pret a Manger team are absolutely fantastic - a hidden Montreal gem that deserves much more attention. Everything served is fresh, well-seasoned, and beyond delicious. As a host for an international case competition, we were looking to hold a closing ceremonies cocktail/dinner at a local art gallery. It would not have been possible without Miss Pret. Kim was a pleasure to work with - she was flexible, helpful, and has such a bubbly and fun personality. The love she has for her job is obvious, and the food they produce is a work of art. It was by far the best meal we ate all week. Not only that, she tailored the meal to suit our needs, right down to mini cupcakes with our event logo in chocolate toppers for dessert. When we realized what a gem she was, we also had her cater two lunches (one a more professional sit-down lunch for judges, and the other in individual to-go cases for the participants) and again, the food was delicious. I have been back for lunch at her adorable restaurant on Bleury with friends who have heard me rave about her, and no one was disappointed (the salmon tartar is HIGHLY recommended!). I cannot rave enough about how delicious the food is, and how wonderful the staff is. We will be back again and again, and I would highly recommend Miss Pret a Manger both for a casual lunch and for any form of event catering!
5	I had the Asian sensation salad - made up with a big mess of really fresh vegetables; lettuce, shaved Napa cabbage, scallions, carrots, celery, spinach, red cabbage, tomatoes, chopped parsley and everything good for you that you know you should be eating. The salad is topped with a bundle of sesame peppered cold soba noodles and seared sesame crusted tuna with citrusy-soy tataki sauce. Jokes aside, the thing was substantial, paired with the trio of salads to start with, my insides were burning from all the vitamins and rainbows and smiley emoticons.I was full. Could it have been the slices of bacon or blue cheese baguette? Probably not. It's rare that I would write so encouragingly about a friggin salad, but I am - so please go out and purchase your lotto tickets accordingly. Yes, breakfast is most important meal of the day, but I strongly believe lunch comes in a close second. A meal that will provide you enough energy to sustain you through the afternoon before your evening dranks is equally as important, but not as important as keeping you awake and not knocking you out with a food coma once you get back to work. With a never ending rotating roster of inspired and healthy lunch specials, it's a great alternative for people who need a quick bite to go, or have the time to sit down for a proper lunch - all food groups represented.
5	This place was wonderful, possibly my favorite meal in Montreal so far! Go here! The staff was super friendly and very attentive, more than I can say for other dining experiences in this city. They were cheery and helpful, translating the entire menu into English for us with no attitude or annoying looks. We ordered and in the meantime were served a little taster size cup of their soup of the day, and brought out some little breads that had blue cheese and walnuts(!!!) Delicious. Our entrees were large and the healthiest looking things we had eaten since we arrived here. I had the salmon tartar, which was mixed with avocado and mango, and came with a behemoth sized salad. My boyfriend had the grilled bass which came on a bed of broccoli rabe and rice, topped with some sort of Mediterranean salsa. Both were fantastic. The tartar seemed to have the perfect ratio of avocado to fish so it wasn't goopy or anything, his bass paired with the greens was a wonderful combination as well. We split a "famous bar" for dessert, a graham cracker crust bar topped with chocolate, coconut, nuts, etc, which was the perfect sized sweet treat for after such a lovely meal. The prices seem about right for Montreal restaurants, and with such a friendly staff and fun ambiance I wish I was staying longer in the city so I could go back!
