4	The Wood Street Galleries is a small gallery located in the heart of downtown above the T station.  It has a layout similar to the Mattress Factory, but smaller (only two floors... usually with two to four installations per floor) and it usually, but not always has installation art.  Sometimes the installations are really awe-inspiring (in my experience about 75% of the time); sometimes not so much.  Admission is always FREE!Details: To get inside, you need to enter through the door at Sixth and Wood St. (pretty sure about this...).  From there, take the elevator (only one and kind of small) up to the 2nd or 3rd floor, where the actual galleries are.Some advice: Try not to go during one of the quarterly Gallery Crawls because there'll be a looong line for the elevator to get in.
3	a really interesting space for intstallations.  I've only been there a few times, but need to make a trip back there.
5	Great gallery and very sweet, knoweldgable curator named Kate!
4	Awesome, free, installation art gallery. It's open during lunch time during the week also(Wed-Sat) so it's the perfect alternative to a lunch(Or you can go to the street cart right outside of the door!). Go into the station and take the small elevator up to the second and third floor. The staff usually won't acknowledge you, but oh well, just walk around and take a peek - the still is always pretty interesting.The current exhibit is recent icelandic art called 'Long are the Days, Short are the Nights'.  There is also an another piece to this exhibition open at 943 Liberty Ave on Friday and Saturday from 11am-8pm or so called Paths. It's a pretty cool exhibit, some interesting stuff being done. I liked Paths, Converge, and Rotating Unit quite a bit
4	I wish more people knew about Wood Street Galleries! It's right in the heart of downtown and admission is FREE. you get to see great art and/or displays. Bobby and I always find ourselves here to escape the hectic downtown scene. They are closed Monday and Tuesday I believe. I'm always amazed at the different types of displays they have. Another great thing is that the displays are up for 3 months at a time, so if you really like something, you have the opportunity to go check it out again! :)
5	I visited this gallery during a PA trip in August and forgot to add my inaugural visit's review. Why add it now? More people need to know about this gallery.Art spaces that stimulate on intellectual and emotional levels are far and few, especially in the Midwest. This gallery's curated installations corrects this. After finding the entrance on the corner of Wood and Sixth, we took the elevator up to the gallery above the T-Station to immediately find a hospitable gentleman sitting quietly at a dimly lit table in a small hallway area. He explained a little about the installation and directed us around the corner to Ryoji Ikeda's audiovisual installation piece data.tron. Simply amazing. It was a total immersion within site and sound with ample room to stand or sit to fully experience the projections.If you love installation and the arts leaving this place will be bittersweet. Wood Street feeds the famine but leaves you hungry for more.
4	this is a great place for those who enjoy looking at art and an alright place for a student like me to learn about art as a requirement for class. This gallery was by far... the most attention grabbing because of its electric show... although I didn't understand the concept of it all... I really enjoyed my time there... I got some great photos from the trip... so it was a worth that much :)
4	The gallery is right above the Wood Street T/Bus Station and can easily be missed, well at least that was the case for me. Having gone through that station at least few times a day during my college days - I never once realize there was a gallery above the station.Since last year's gallery crawl - I've gone there few times including during this year's gallery crawl. Depending on your view towards art - this place can be pretty interesting with their showcase of some unconventional art piece. Most of the time - the entire floor consists of one major art piece.This is definitely a stop for any art lovers.
5	My wife and I live downtown.  Today she was hosting a baby shower so I had some time to spare.  I have been to Wood Street Gallery many times before,  but I wanted to review the experience I had today. The exhibits are on the 2nd and 3rd floors.  They usually have very eclectic art and encourage staying and watching or taking part.  The current exhibits are audio based and very hypnotic so I wanted to zone out for a while.The exhibit on the 2nd floor is based on the interaction of water and deep, droning base. The way the speakers are set in the water creates waves in the water that are reflected on the wall behind it.  It's very cool and meditative. I highly recommend you stop by Wood Street with some time and experience the current exhibit before it ends in December.
