3	Get Shirty is at the high street end of kilt shopping, which is handy for many people who need a kilt for a special occasion but can't afford to spend a fortune on one!They sell a number of good quality kilts for fancy 'dos, traditional Scottish shirts, sporrans and some rugby tops. They also have some more gimmicky offerings, including some cringeworthy bowties and office ties.The staff are friendly and efficient. This is a great place if you're going to a lower maintenance ceilidh and need something cheaper to wear to such a dance.
1	I would never in my life expect such horrible shopping experience possible. I have chosen a kilt but they didn't have the right size in stock. They promised to get it next day but asked to pay in front. Ok, it is strange but I decided to start trusting people and paid in cash. It is good I at least took a receipt! The next day I came to get the kilt but Nick (the owner) smiled and said that there is no kilt. They didn't have it in stock.. bla bla bla, Finally, I just asked to get my money back but I was told that I cannot have it as he has no money in the shop (right, at the end of trade time). As I tried to argue that this is not fair he started to point at the wall where it was stated that items cannot be refunded - only towards the store credit - 21st century high street store! No refunds! Just a smiling owner who is saying that if I want my money I have to come back tomorrow - that's it! "I am the boss here and that's how it is going to be!.. You can call the police, customer advice bureau - I don't care!" Then things turn REALLY SHOCKING: He is saying the shop is closed, turns the light off and PHYSICALLY THROWS me out and lock the door behind. Finally, after several unpleasant phone conversations he found the money and gave it back to me. Not a single word of apology, not an eye brow move to show regrets. Everything that they sell is available online from other more adequate companies and I found an absolutely the same kilt (even 5 pounds cheaper) and no need for experience being thrown out when you ask for your money back. I would not send my enemy to this place. My friends don't believe it is possible. Stay away!
