1	We were seated by a very nice hostess who was friendly and recommended a few things to us on the menu. After 15 minutes of waiting one server came by and took our drinks order. She pointed out to us who our server was. Our server was busy taking the order of some people who had sat down 10 min after we arrived and were seated. The worst part is that these customers were not ready to order so the server spent 15 minutes explaining the menu to them. I was ready to leave after that but we gave her a bit more time. But when she went to another table of other customers who sat down after we did, we got up and left.We want this restaurant to do well because it's in our neighborhood but I don't think we'll be back. The hostess noticed us leaving and offered to give us drinks to go and was apologetic about our crappy service. The manager saw us leaving but didn't seem to care. Perhaps this is not the server's fault as she wasn't aware that our table was in her station. Or maybe the person who took our drinks order could've also taken our food order. Regardless I blame this on poor management.
1	So this joint sits in a space formerlly occupied by the pancake house.  Its historically been a loser of a location maybe due to the fact that it feels like eating in an office.   After checking out the menu online, I decided I'd pop in after my errands and grab a quick sandwich for the road.  I stroll in, see the place half full, and walk up to the counter.  The lady asks me how many will be dining, I explain that its just me, and I'd like to see a to-go menu.  A puzzled look comes over the hostesses face and the manager chimes in "um, we're not doing that here".  me: oh, im sorry i thought u guys were openmanager: we are, but we're not offering to-go yet, we'd like u to sit down and establish a relationship with usme: um, ok? well i dont have the time for that, i just want a sandwich to gomanager: says smartly "well we dont have the necessary Uh-cooo-truh-mints for to-go" (thats how she said it)me: lady, i dont need any accoutrements for a sandwich, just wrap it in wax paper and get me out the door!At this point she literally led me out of the restaurant as if she didnt want the other customers hearing this conversation.  I told the lady that this is a working neighborhood and we dont all have the luxury of a leisurely sit down meal.  me: i hope that when you begin offering to-go that u mention it on the sign out front, because thats the only way im coming here again
2	Horrible horrible went with a friend his 2nd time there he had bad experience the first time but went on the first day (no waffles or sweet potato pancakes) so we went around noon place has been open for 2 weeks nice hostess got a table right away then sat there for 10 mins befits someone took our drink order still missing waffles on the menu so I went for a burger I wanted soup the waitress said it's not ready it was 1245pm 1/2hr later we got our food ehhh jus a burger not impressed saw some of the Mack bros there on the way out as we paid hostess asked how it was and I said ok actually not good 1/2hr for 2 burgers that sucked and are over priced he over heard and stared me down like he was gonna fight me lol I'll never go back there again
1	Not good, like the others I really wanted to like this place and I kept on coming back 4 times to see if it got better, it didn't.  The service sucks and like others have said it has been slow all 4 times. I don't know what the deal is, it seams they must have hired their friends or something because they don't have any idea whats going on.  They don't know crap about the food, i even got in a "friendly" argument with the waitress when she told me that the chicken fried steak was made of chicken before I ordered it, "honey I am old enough to be your grandma". Well I ordered it anyways and it was steak of course.  Another time I asked the waitress what was good and she replied "I am not a breakfast person", are you f#$%ing kidding me.  They aren't rude by any means but it just seams like it's amateur hour.  The food isn't good either but is seems like it should be.  The menu has some interesting stuff on it and it seems like they use good ingredients but the execution sucks.  The seasoning is off, we had raw undercooked pancakes one time and over cooked and dry ones the next.  The burger was average, potatoes bland, fritata was ok, and eggs benedict with hollindaise that was the texture of a firm custard.  Again probably some buddies of theirs that can grill up a great burger at a 4th of july BBQ but does not know how to run a kitchen.  Lastly the place seems real self indulgent, there is a huge picture of the owners and their family on a wall and small pictures of their friends and family on every free piece of wall all over the restaurant.  I don't give a crap about some dude from the 70's eating pasta or a news paper clipping of guy playing poker 30 years ago, while those are nice memories and all this is a restaurant not your den.  When they first opened the owners walked around showing off all the pictures (seen it happen twice), standing over people as they ate like the customers were in the way, real uncomfortable.  On top of that both times they were there they didn't talk to us at all.  Once they did pile in next to our booth to show off some pictures, they didn't say a word to us, not even an excuse me.  Instead they should have been talking to the customers figuring out how to save their new restaurant.Sorry mack bros, I hate giving bad reviews especially to mom and pop places, thats why I gave you guys a real fair chance, but it just isn't doing it for me.
2	Vegas doesn't have many good breakfast spots (at least not like LA or SF) so when 2 of my friends went here and said I should try it- I hoped it could be my new fav spot for a morning meal. It is in my neighborhood- so worth a try.We went on a Sat morning, 2 people.Atmosphere- I am not sure why it is so bright in here (like hospital waiting room bright) and the 4  VERY LARGE screen tvs are a little tacky and disruptive (you catch them out of your eye- look at them, and the waitress or next table thinks you are looking at them)- but I am here for the food and there is no accounting for taste- shrug. The place appears clean at least.Service-We were seated promptly, drinks ordered (twice) and food came out correctly and without incident.It was only after we had our food that our server asked once if things were ok and then we didn't see her again for almost 30 minutes. I wanted to ask her why my non-fat cappucino made by their "barista" was actualy a full fat latte, but by the time she came back to see if we were done and needed a box/check- it was too late to bother. Plenty of other waitresses around- no one stopped by to check in (which is what I was taught to do if another waitress is on break). Just because someone isn't "your" table- they are still patrons of the establishment and could be your table if they come back).Food-Nothing to write home about. eggs benedict was decent and omelet wasn't too rubbery. Hash browns tasted frozen, but were edible. We asked specifically about the coffee to make sure their espresso machine wasn't a "pod" type (see my Chianti Cafe review) and were assured coffee was their speciality and no one ever complains about it because they have a barista! The barista looks about 12 years old- and maybe I would have been the first to complain- but for anyone who knows/cares- a latte is completely different than a cappucino. I can live with the fat vs. non fat mistake- but I don't like milky coffee- which is what I got for my $3.75. BlechPrices-A little high, $10 each and another $3.75 for a mocha and cappucino- but in line with the other places I have been to.I would go back- but only to grab a pastry and try to get a real coffee in the front- which isn't as bright and has a *little* more sophistication than the back with all the TVs. I don't need to be distracted from the food, thanks.Failing that- I wouldn't bother. I'll cook at home or wait to see if someone else tries to bring LV a good morning spot someday.
3	New summer hours: Thursday thru Sunday. Good coffee.
1	Only open a couple of months. closed
