5	I drove by this place a few weeks ago and I knew I wanted to try it out. Because it is attached to a vintage (and cool looking ) motel and an RV Park I figured it would be So-So at best. I WAS WRONG! It is awesome! I wasn't too thrilled with my Prime Rib-it was so-so, BUT PRIME rib is almost always SO-SO for me. I wanted the steak, but two others in my group were getting the NY Strip, that i figured it would be best to try something else. Next time I'm getting the STEAK! I tasted my wife's steak and it was awesome! This chef knows how to cook. Everyone loved what they got (except for me). The soup was great , too.Now get this, here is the NY Strip meal, you get Served with a macaroni and aged cheddar cheese casserole, roasted garlic broccolini and finished with Stag's Leap cabernet au poivre sauce.....$18.95 Not bad for a great steak!There are some great combinations goping on here. I can't wait to go back! And I'm bringing my friends with me!
4	I ended up being dragged to this place a while back because the father of my brother's new wife is a blues musician and plays out here on a regular basis. Quite honestly, being about as far north on Las Vegas Blvd. as you can go, and in a not-so-good part of town (that takes a long time to get to, no less), I wasn't expecting too much out of this place. I was definitely wrong. This place isn't half bad! The food items are all superb, plus they have a decent selection of things to boot. The staff are pretty flexible, and had no problem preparing some chicken fingers for me, even though they weren't listed on the menu. Needless to say, it's mostly BBQ-type items on the menu, however everything I have had here so far was just fine.The actual restaurant seating is behind the building, in a small patio area - this is also where the blues bands play that the restaurant sometimes has. There is a fair amount of seating - not a whole lot, but I have never seen every seat full either. This place is in an obscure location that is difficult to reach, but ultimately worth it. The food and entertainment alike are both top-notch. It's easy to recommend.
5	We have had many meals here since the first and it still holds up.I do need to make a comment about TAYLOR C's review. There IS an indoor dining room! Apparently he only hung out in the back yard beer garden-where the Blues bands play.  So, everyone, Check this place out and enjoy the hidden indoor dining room!The Grilled Flat Iron steak is my favorite deal here- only $12.95 ! ZAZZ!
2	WAAAAAAAH!!!! ....That is the sound of me crying in my overly tangy and rich Mushroom gravy that is now on the Flatiron steak.  New menu, new chef equals UNHAPPY ME!! They used to have steak options priced at 13.95, 19.95 and 23.95. Now it is 13.95 ,23.95 and higher. Plus they aren't as good. Mine , the Flatiron at 13.95 USED to be one of the best steaks in town under 20 bucks(there 19.95 steak was the other one), and now it is somewhat disgusting at any price (it used to have a delicate, tasty reduction sauce-now it is a tangy thick mushroom gravy-and too much of it). The salads are now part of the meal (a plus)-but the old side salads were great-now it is just a salad. We bumped into 2 of our friends there and we all agree that we are probably not going back. We live to far from it-better stuff in our neighborhood. It used to be worth the drive!The menu does have a larger variety of items and a bunch more choices under $10 , so others should check it out if you are nearby. My wife's $23.95 steak was ok-not great. My friend had the Gorditos (like a mexican lasagne) and he said it tasted like a neighbor would make it (a compliment). But we used to go for the great steaks, but they ain't great no more....
5	I give The Hitching Post five stars because I've found it to be the ultimate "don't judge a book by its cover" bar and grill.  I've brought many out of town colleagues here (as there aren't many unique dining venues near Nellis AFB) and all admit that it's "a pretty cool place."    Friendly service, cool interior, and a brand new chef who's just great make this my favorite lunch getaway spot.
4	North of the swap meet you can't go wrong with a pick up game of pool and a quick beer to cap off your other beer from the swap meet. Did I mention it's up the street from the swap meet?
4	What a quirky but neat place!Funky bar in North Vegas.  Close to where the Sin City Roller Girls practice!  We came for some beers after a recent scrimmage.  Cheap drinks, nice staff, fun patrons!Large back patio with horseshoes and comfortable seating.We had a blast here, and can't wait to come back to hang out next time we're in town!
5	My husband and I like places off the beaten path. Came across a coupon for this one and decided to try it. It was awesome. Looks small as you walk in but it has a sweet beer garden in the back with nice tables and horseshoe pits. Steaks were awesome and reasonably priced.  Great service from the bartender who came all the way out back to serve us. We will definitely be returning.
4	We came here for lunch based on previous reviews. We definitely like the shaded parking given the hot Vegas sun.  We were the only people in the dining room but it worked out just perfect. We had the prime rib sandwich and a club sandwich topped off with two good beers. Overall it was a great lunch. The military discount was an added + to a good afternoon. We would come back.
