5	Steak N Shake has the best service around. Upon walking in, you are immediately greeted by the waiters and waitresses who are so friendly, it's almost clingy at times. Good service and really yummy fried food. Greatest milkshakes around. Anywhere.
4	I still remember my very first Steak N Shake experience a couple years back (ok, it was probably more like a lot of years back).  The concept of shakes and hamburgers was very awesome to me.Over the years, the chain has gotten bigger and changed somewhat... but they are still going strong.  This location is friendly and is a 24hr location.  Seems like their new promotion is a "Happy Hour" for shakes between 2-4pm and 2-4am!!!  It was almost tempting to try and come back a 2am...  but we decided to wise up a bit.Food portions have fluctuated... so it seems like the portions are down a bit - but it's a good thing so that you don't feel over stuffed when leaving.  (you only have to run about 10 miles to burn all the calories instead of 26.2).
2	It pains me to give this Steak N' Shake a 2-star rating because I've been to it before when it first opened and it was great.  My experiences at other branches have also been decent.  It may have been the fact that we went there around 1030pm and there were only 2 servers/hostess.  There were plenty of tables, but we had to wait to be seated since many of the empty tables still had dirty dishes on them (still true after we sat at our table - they didn't clean the other tables off immediately).  The waitress, poor girl, was running around trying to get everyone.  She acknowledged us, but then took another 10-15 minutes to come back and take our orders.  The food arrived in a timely manner, but they only brought 2 of our 4 orders (missing bowl of chili and she totally forgot to put in hubby's cookies and cream milkshake).  My mom and hubby were almost done with their meals before I got my bowl of chili.  She was apologetic.  Then I noticed the table behind us had been waiting to get refills on their drinks for a while and after a point, the lady went up to the waitress herself and asked for a new drink.  She offered her a complimentary side of fries.The only redeeming factor was the food.  It reminds me of back in high school when we would go to Steak N' Shake late at night after a movie.  They have delicious mocha shakes, chili mac, and the frisco melt.  I liked how they added a variety of slider flavors and keep increasing their milk shake offerings.  Their shoe-string fries have a nice crispy batter (and the portions are just right).For a place that's opened 24-hours, they should consider hiring more staff to help on the floor.  It was pretty busy that night.  And please clean up the tables immediately after customers leave - it's pretty unappetizing to eat next to a table of dirty, used dishes.Shoulda went to COOK-OUT across the street...
5	Had breakfast there this morning. Their blueberry pancakes rivaled any I've had anywhere, and I order them anytime I go to a new breakfast place. My favorites were in Camden, Maine, and I'm trying to decide which I like more. It was such a pleasant surprise, because I just chose Steak N Shake because I was in a hurry and thought I'd get some reasonably good pancakes. But no joke, next time I want good blueberry pancakes I'll go there regardless of how much time or money I have.
2	3 stars for food.-1 for service. That's a negative one, not minus one.Steak N Shake does not have bad food. Burgers are maybe a step up from your usual fast food but below the quality of a 5 Guys. I think they have some of the best fries, if they're well done. They remind me of potato sticks if cooked properly. Shakes are pretty good, not great. The service at this location was abysmal. The one friendly gal was the one who sat us down and was the only highlight of the place. I wish she was our waitress but some other lucky table got her instead. All of the other employees, including the manager, all looked like they were forced to be there. We got who was probably the laziest waitress ever in the history of this joint. She seemed severely bored with her job, was slow to take our order, bring drinks, food, and the bill. I watched her take 10 whole minutes to make the drinks for another table of 6. (The staff seemed to congregate around the drink stations a little too often and chit-chat.) NO TIP was given.Your pal,Walter
1	We sat down and waited for five minutes only to be completely ignored. Only one other table was seated so they weren't busy. We finally walked out. We won't be back. If I could give it half a star I would.
4	Was excited to visit this place since I have only been to a Steak 'n Shake in Orlando and boy did they not disappoint. But from reading the reviews people must have been here at a busy hour. Sure we had to wait a minute or two for a table but the place was packed, no big deal. Our waiter was extremely nice, and was there when we needed her. The place was also very clean which I was surprised since the one I went to before was a bit dingy. Highly recommend any of their burgers since they cook them fresh for you, I especially like their guacamole burger, avocado, red onions, pepperjack cheese and chipotle sauce? Sign me up. Another star just for their crispy thin fries & seasoning they have for them, the seasoning is literally to die for, I don't know how to describe it but it adds a bit of spice to anything. I almost wanted to get some for myself but maybe next time. Alas the closest location is in NY, when will they open one in the northeast?
3	I absolutely love Steak n shake! I used to work at the one on South Blvd, so we frequently eat here alot. The biggest complaint I have though is the customer service.  Especially at night, everyone is rude. We don't go in and dine at night anymore, but instead just use the drive thru. Even though they don't do so well in the customer service department, I recommend going back just for the sake of their good food. They actually cook all their food fresh, instead of McDonald's for example. You won't be disappointed.
3	My fist time here. My son's choice. Everything was good . Our server was super nice and informative . The food was as expected.
1	I don't know  what was better about this steak and shake, finding mold in my fries or finding what appeared to be bits of mayo in my water, and you want to know the best part! The bread is dry and stale! Come here only if your looking for bad service and expired food.
3	There is nothing bad to say about the food, drinks, staff, or even the bathrooms. The only thing is the manager at this location is a total jerk towards the employees. His name is Christopher. He should take social skill classes. Great place to eat and hang out with friends. The manger needs to treat his people with respect.
4	I like this place! Dont go here late though, service is slow. 2 people working a full house every time I do go late night!
4	I really like their Western Burger and flavored fries! I know this Steak n Shake closed then reopened.  It seems to be a lot better now!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch. That ended up not being the case. It appeared as though the staff were very new and lacked proficiency. Although the service was a little slow and awkward I had a good lunch. Kudos to the manager for jumping in to help his team when necessary. I will probably return in a few weeks and see if things have improved. I enjoy the food and especially the prices.
2	A "can't believe it" experience.  Cottage cheese is on the menu.   They are ALWAYS out.  The manager says he doesn't order it because he has to buy too much and it goes to waste.  So order smaller?  He says corporate won't let him.  So why not take it off the menu if you're NEVER going to have it. I gave 2 stars solely because of a great server, Jeremy, who stood out at a location that is typically VERY slow.  I wish I could give more but the kitchen is always slow, the manager can't control stock and all prior visits have taken well over an hour to get a burger.  My family warned me not to order dessert because "that always takes as long as the time to prepare the dinner order."  Again Jeremy was better at this as well but he remains the sole good example of an otherwise poorly run franchise location.
2	Not you average experience.   Come and plan to wait long times at the table.    Enjoy the views and wait long times to place drink orders.   Enjoy seeing wait staff walk around without taking your order.   Plan to spend an hour just to place and order once seated.
1	They are SLOW.  I was seated immediately and ordered right after I was seated.  People started to trickle in little by little (probably due to after club hours), but I had already placed my order.  After twenty minutes of waiting, a table that came in after I did got their food first.  All I ordered was a mushroom portobello burger combo and my friend didn't order anything.  Okay, so the table that came in ten minutes after us got their food first, maybe my order was already ready and needed to be served out?  Five minutes later, nothing.  We walked out.  Not coming back to this one again.
