5	If you've been to Sushi-mon on Maryland Pwky (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-mon-las-vegas) then you'll most likely enjoy Goyemon since its owned the same management as well as Monta. The restaurant is in a plaza with plenty of parking (spaces are arrange awkwardly though). They're opened 5PM to 3AM, great for the early dinner people and the late night munchies crowd. The restaurant is not huge, but I would say big enough for at least 50 patrons. All you can eat (AYCE) is $27.  The menu seems to be the same as Sushi Mon, all except the extra items that were added to the blackboard and featured on the place mat. Some of the items were:Grilled Tofu Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=uTwz4uGpvFM6H8EttW-MVg). I've never had grilled tofu before, but it was interestingly good. The taste of the grilled tofu with a garlic sesame sauce was a good way to start the night. Grilled Pork Belly (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=1pQReeZwUFgCpzY7qJ5rfA). Was similar to Monta's pork, but in a thick slice form.Speaking of Monta, for whatever reason the Shoyu ramen is offered after 11pm. Not sure if the tonkutsu or miso are offered as well.Extra desserts not on the regular menu were tofu cheesecake, green tea creme brulee, and a green tea mousse cake, all were presented nicely and a nice touch for a AYCE sushi place. What I really enjoyed was the quality of the fish for a AYCE place. It was like they were not affected by the economy and continue to serve fish that wasn't chewy or smelled. Yay, but too bad they still use krab. The service was excellent was well, the server checked up on my party quite often and we did not have to wait long receive our orders. One of my friend's ordered a shrimp nigiri and a few moments later the server came back asking if he wanted to try deep fried shrimp heads as well, with no cost of course since its AYCE. They actually want you to enjoy your meal haha.Another plus is that I don't have to drive all the way to Maryland Pwky to get some quality AYCE anymore. If you feel the same way then.. *high five*.
5	My love for sushi brought me to this place due to my friend's recommendation and let's just say that it was definitely not a disappointment. We arrived around 7pm on a Saturday night and there was an empty bar (totally meant to be for us). Shortly after (like 15 minutes later) the restaurant was full and there was a wait...luckily we got there at just the right time. This might be the new "it" place for sushi.The sushi chef asked if we have been here before and we said no. He asked if we have been to the Sushi Mon on (Silverado and Maryland Pkwy), we said yes. He said the menu was the same except for the specials. There was a special menu that listed all the specials. We started off with the specials.....toro (yes, fatty tuna) was on the specials menu!!!! This is totally not an all you can eat item! Some other items like the cajun salmon, big eye tuna, etc were also on there. We got our sushi pretty quickly and let's just say the quality was superb. One thing that I noticed quickly was that the nigri was not over stuffed with rice. It was a lil bit of rice with a lot of fish...definitely NOT your typical AYCE. We were able to try the grilled pork belly, a bunch of other nigiri and a few rolls. I don't think I had anything that I didn't like. Dessert was good. They had this lychee sherbert that had chunks of lychee in it. I also tried the green tea creme brulee as well as the green tea cake. I think the lychee sherbert stole my heart though and that alone will make me come back.Service was attentive for how busy they were, fish was fresh and everything was delicious. I will be back! OHHHH and there's a frequent stamp card too...totally worth it.
5	Wow wow wow definitely the best all you can eat Japanese place in Las Vegas.  I don't think it's even close.  According to our very nice and helpful sushi chef, this is owned by the same folks who own Monta Ramen.  And Monta Ramen is delicious.  In fact, you can order the same ramen after 11 pm.  Either a la carte or as part of the all you can eat deal.  Not sure I'd fill up on Ramen when getting AYCE but it's nice to have options.  Pork belly - Wow.  Just absolutely deliciously fatty, crispy, and delicious.  The edges just have that beautiful crispiness you get from cooking it just right.  The rest just melts in your mouth.Spicy tuna on a "cracker" - pretty awesome.  It was like toasted rice topped with spicy tuna and their sauce.  Delicious.Grilled veggies - 2 small tomatoes slightly charred and perfectly tangy and delicious.  Nice mushroom, asparagus, and sweet potato slices.  I'm on a low carb thing now and, had I not broken my diet by eating some sushi rolls, I probably would have eaten 4 of the veggie plates and 4 of the pork belly plates.Sushi rolls - don't remember all I had.  Spicy tuna was good.  California was just ok but better than you'll get at other AYCE places.  Yellowtail was good.Green Tea creme brulee - not too sweet and delicious.  Custard was nice and soft.  Sugar on top crispy and caramelized beautifully.All in all - with the environment, great staff, and most importantly great food you will not regret coming here.  Just high quality for an AYCE place.  Get the pork belly!
4	EDIT - this place has been really inconsistent - --------------------Didn't think I'd ever give an AYCE Sushi place 5 stars till now. The sushi here was really fresh.  I was really pleased with the salmon belly, yellowtail, big eye tuna, super white tuna, mackeral,sweet shrimp, and much more.  The fish to rice ratio was spot on and it just tasted of a better grade compared to all the other AYCE's.In addition to the nigiri, we got the grilled pork belly (think we got 6-7 orders total between 3 of us), grilled vegetables, spicy tuna on crips rice, and much more.Definitely order the specials off the chalk board - some of them have limits of 1 per person.  No toro the day we went.  Also, go after 11pm to get Shoyu Ramen.  It is the same as Monta.  The atmosphere is probably the nicest of any AYCE.  As stated, they are in the Monta Ramen family, so I am hopeful the sushi quality and consistency will remain.  I've tried over a dozen AYCE sushi places in Vegas.  Please - if you know of any better, message me.  Unitl, then I will be coming back here with my stamp card.  9 more till the freebie!
5	What can I say, Goyemon tops my favorite Sushi Mon on S. Maryland Pkwy.  This place has the same menu, plus extra daily specials that are part of the AYCE.  They also accept the SushiMon frequent diner card.  Highlights were the specials such as the Kobe beef (cooked medium rare/rare) which melted in your mouth and other specialty green tea desserts.  There is still ayce on the mochi ice cream (unlike other stingy ayce places around town that only limit you to ONE mochi ice cream).  Try the grilled pork belly. It's a little on the salty side, but remember to eat it with the pineapple salsa.  Uni/sea urchin was super fresh, so was the sweet shrimp, and other cuts of fish that came out.  The shrimp tempura and fried shrimp heads were delicious, and the ahi poke was perfectly seasoned.  This place is pretty dang good.
5	I'm seriously considering going back to all my AYCE sushi reviews and moving them down a star. THAT's how good it was. I can't believe this is the 3rd Japanese restaurant in this location in 5 years. To go from Sushi Hana to Shin to this. Goyemon has by far the best decor of the three. Sushi Hana just had these gross green painted walls and an old ass TV showing ESPN for chrissakes! Along with your usual suspects for nigiri and rolls...they have a ton more including daily specials. Highlights included their inhouse smoked salmon (smokiest salmon ever!), big eye tuna nigiri and "kobe" beef nigiri although the beef being kobe was highly suspect. No big deal. Pork belly was like the best piece of bacon ever. I also like how yellowtail collar (1 order per person) is on the menu. So good! Its like a super meaty fish chicken wing kinda sorta. A must. We were pretty lucky to be seated around 6pm since there was a bit of a wait for tables about 10 min later. Not that many seats so definitely be prepared to stand around for a while. I love how this is so close to my place. No more drives to Sushi Mon on Sahara for me. I'm actually ready to go back here...like...now.
5	It's 'bout time for me to review this place since I've already gotten 9 stamps on my Goyemon buy 10 get 11th free card!  I've been to this place 3 times in the past month with different friends each time.  Everyone liked it.  I personally have had better sushi but for all you can eat this is as good as it gets in Vegas. I love their menu.  You don't usually find sashimi salad, tuna rice cracker, orgasm salad, grilled pork belly, cold tofu, green tea creme bulee, tofu cheese cake, kobe beef (special) in the other all you can eat places.  I've also heard good things about the pork nuggets dish and the teriyaki dishes.Thumbs up for the decent size cut and small rice portion.   I prefer Nigiri to sushi.  My favorites are salmon roe, white tuna, salmon, yellow tale, red snapper.  I'm not a uni person but my friends who eat uni said it was good.  Good service.  I didn't like the service at all on my first visit but on the last two visits we had great service.  It's not a big place so sometimes there's a wait and I'm not sure if they take reservation.This is definitely our new favorite all you can eat place.  I hope Goyemon keeps it up!
4	Finally went here after reading reviews and a friend telling us about it. I am sad to hear the two Sushimon's are not related ( only because of my stamp card at Sushimon on Sahara and I wish I could use it at here or Sushimon Maryland). Sahara Sushimon has really gone downhill so we tried Goyemon. We sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was very friendly and attentive. I noticed when sitting at the bar at any other AYCE sushi (specifically Hikari- you need to scream your order and get his attention). Here-he asked us what we wanted very often and I did not even have to try to get his attention. It was really amazing service. The green tea creme brulee stands out to me and the spicy tuna on crispy rice. I love how you get a small amount of rice with nigiri. Everything tasted fresh and came out very fast. My biggest disappointments: sashimi salad-I am a big sashimi salad fan and their sashimi is truly disgusting. I think it has ponzu on it (gag). I could barely eat it. That being said the best sashimi salad I have ever had in Vegas is at I Love Sushi. Now that has homemade dressing on top. Cold grilled tofu salad-that dressing is gross. I could not finish the salad. It's sad because I love tofu and sashimi and it sucks the dressing on both ruined the salad. Otherwise, loved it and will probably be back for the other items!
5	WOW.  This place really makes AYCE sushi unique.  Not only are there the usual crazy rolls deep fried/sauce to the extreme/yadda yadda, BUT There is...... PORK BELLY!!  All you can eat PORK BELLY!!!!  This pork belly was grilled with a sweet teriyaki like glaze and a side of mango salsa.  Perfection.  Fatty smokey perfection.Other notable unique items:1.  Spicy tuna on crispy sushi rice - Chewy, slightly spicy and slightly sweet.  I liked it more for the fun chewy texture but the man did not fancy it as much.  Strange, he's usually a fan of anything tuna.  2.  Tofu cheesecake - fluffier and not as heavy as its American counterpart, but when it comes to an amazing asian style cheesecake, Raku still wins hands down for their fluffy cheesecake.We did not try any of the specialty rolls at all, but everyone around us seemed to be enjoying them.  We tried pretty much all the nigiri menu items (tuna, albacore, seared albacore, cajun albacore, white albacore, super white tuna, red snapper, mackeral, sweet shrimp, uni, salmon, ....). Most everything seemed pretty good, but there were some that were definitely more fresh than others and some we could have skipped (shrimp).  That didn't stop the two of us from gorging ourselves with enough fish to feed a small family.Conclusion:  The owners of Sushimon should be proud of their new shining star of AYCE.
5	This place is Sushimon (Maryland and Silverado Ranch) on steroids.  Same great quality as Sushi mon but with new added specials and homemde desserts.  The green tea cake is very tasty.  The ambience is more elegant an deep rich dark colors that are very modern an inviting.  Their Sushi bar is smaller but they have a grill/range in view of the dinning room.  I am always a fan of open kitchens, that way I know if my food was handled properly (which it always is).  The sushi is so far superior in quality to most other AYCE locations I have tried.  If you can say it, sit at the bar and order OMAKASE.  The Sushi chefs are really inventive and have ingredients that are not listed on the menu which they prepare for fun.  It is a top notch dining experience. GO, EAT, BE HAPPY!
5	Having being loyal to another establishment for the last few years I ventured out to try a new place that would satisfy my appetite and palette. I was guided here by the folks from Monta noodle House. First and foremost let me just say this place will now be one of my favorite spots for sushi,  I can say that each piece was pure balance of flavor & taste. All of their varied great dishes and add-ons were prepared with good flavor, even their personal sashimi salad was well made and was a great opening dish. The extra white tuna was phenomenal, and it melted in my mouth all the rolls we had were well balanced and made with the greatest attention, I complimented all of the dishes with a small tasting of 3 of their best sakes which helped all the flavors unfold in my palette. I recommend eating at the sushi-bar since you get a chance to interact with the sushi chefs and get everything at your will.Enjoy
4	I absolutely love all you can eat sushi so when I heard about this place opening up from an ad posted inside of Monta Noodle House, I was like "I'm so there!" Not to mention the fact that it's a sister restaurant to one of my personal favorites, Sushi-Mon.This place should actually be five stars considering everything that they have to offer and the fact that every single bit of it is absolutely delicious but I gave it four mainly due to the fact that I thought it was going to be a new sushi experience when it actually wasn't. They pretty much have exactly the same menu from Sushi-Mon plus a bit more so I was kind of disappointed that it was just Sushi-Mon 2.0That little fact shouldn't discourage you from going to eat here though. As I previously stated, the food is fantastic. From the nigiri to the specialty rolls, all the way down to the sides and dessert, this place knows how to bring their A game.If you're looking for a good sushi experience, Goyemon is an excellent place to start.It's like 10 minutes off the strip so if you're an out of towner, this place isn't too much of a hassle to get to, although when I went there was a wait time so I would suggest calling ahead. Not sure if they do reservations but it wouldn't hurt to ask right?
4	Great new AYCE sushi restaurant with some nice additions you don't get in the other AYCE places.   Small restaurant but did not feel rushed by the servers.  Service was great.  Uni and sweet shrimp was really fresh.  Too bad only one order per customer, but lucky for me my dinner companion is allergic.  Will definitely be back.  Too bad they don't have the plum ice cream served at Sushi Mon on Sahara!  Looked everywhere for that plum ice cream and cannot buy it anywhere!!!
4	After reading many reviews on Yelp and my like of Sushimon we decided to try this sushi place a few days ago.  I enjoyed the pork belly, good flavor. Also, the fish tasted fresh and I appreciated that they didn't put large mounds of rice as many of the other AYCE places seem to. I generally like just sushi but they appeared to have a variety of rolls and a lot of california rolls for people who prefer to not eat the fish I enjoyed the Green Tea Creme Brulee and would get that again. I didn't catch our sushi chef's name but I would go back to him, he was quite but very attentive and quick. I didn't enjoy some of the loud and obnoxious patrons however that is not the fault of the restaurant. Overall, if I was in the area I would go back.
5	Take a seat at the bar and make sure Fredo is your sushi chef. Its the best seat in the house. Of course you are going to do the all you can eat for $27. Order cucumber or seaweed salad, meso soup and edamame to start. You have to try the yellow tail collar, to dies for. If it wasn't limited to one per customer I would eat this all day. Every roll I had was great. Not bad for a place that has only been open for a few months.finish the meal off with ordering all the desserts! Trust me and Fredo. Enjoy
5	Order everything from their daily special menu if you're adventurous and you'll be rewarded greatly.  If you're not adventurous then go to mcdonalds, jk.  This place is awesome and has all the typical fish you'll see at all of the AYCE places in town.  Definitely do the grilled pork belly like everyone recommends. My faves:- Super White Tuna- Kobe Beef(1 peice)- Uni - Halibut- Big Eyed Tuna- Tuna Rice Cracker- Sashimi SaladOnly downside is that its small be prepared to wait.
5	wow.   all you can eat or not, this is outstandingly good sushi.   great chefs.   fredo is the man.   almost makes me want to come back to vegas (almost!)   win.
4	Overall, one of the best AYCE sushi joints in Vegas, but disappointed that they didn't have Kobe beef and toro available for us as stated in other yelp reviews.  The quality of fish was what you'd expect for ayce, although there was a huge difference between our orders of hamachi nigiri.  First order was of high quality--nice white, fatty slices with little blood line.  So good I wanted more, but the secound round was rather poor quality--fish was breaking apart like venetian blinds, little fat content and had a large amount of the dark red bloodline. MEH.  I must say their uni and amaebi were both very fresh though. The pork is tasty--simmered for a while till it's melt-in-your-mouth, similar texture to the pork you'd find in a good ramen place.  The spicy tuna on crispy rice was good if you like yaki-onigiri, if you don't then don't get this since it is more rice than fish.  Special rolls we ordered were nothing special, dessert was nice with the green tea creme brulee & green tea ice cream.  Our server was nice, but not very attentive--we had to wait 15 minutes after our first order to put in the 2nd, even with me constantly trying to make eye contact with her.  Are you trained this way to make us full faster????Overall, "this sushi-mon #2" is a nice addition to our ayce sushi choices here in vegas. If not for a disappointing round 2 of hamachi, so-so service and lack of 2 special items that made me want to try this place, it would have gotten 5 stars.
5	This place deserves a 5 star rating. We came to try their AYCE and we were not disappointed. Everything was delish except for the Yakisoba. I thought I ordered a Soba style dish and it wasn't. But what do you expect? This is a SUSHI place for heaven's sake!!
5	By far~ the best AYCE sushi joint period! You gotta try if you luv sushi. Hope they can keep up the quality! =)
4	My review is 4.5 stars.  I still like Sin City better, but there are alot of things to love about Sushi House Goyemon.  Hence the incredible Yelp! reviews for this place.  I would definitely visit this place again.    We sat at the bar.  It was very busy on a Thursday night but there were two open seats, so no wait! Score!  At first, I was a little confused by the AYCE menu and no one explained it right away.  Eventually, one of the sushi chefs explained how it works.  Typically, I eat special rolls and very little nigiri, but not this night.  With the exception of a few things we chose to order, the chefs fed us their picks.  We had a ton of nigiri.  Everything was really fresh and tasty, particularly the mackeral.  The big eye tuna was really good too.I tried everything Yelpers suggested.  This was my first time having Fried Pork Belly.  Holy crap!  Where have you been all my life?!  Unbelievably good.  A nice layer of charred fat and the mango salsa that accompanies it was the right amount of sweet.  Honestly, everything we tried was good, with one exception:  No matter how much you think you like spicy DO NOT ORDER THE 911 ROLL!  My mouth is still burning!  Thankfully, they offer $13 pitchers of Sapporo to help with the sting.
5	A tough week calls for a pick me up dinner. Sometimes I worry about going to a new place with crazy rave reviews as I feel my standards are jilted to high and come out feeling like it was over hyped even if the place is good I ate words- like "yum", "oh that's fresh", and "lets get another order". We really wanted to try all the specials so we started off there. Today the chalkboard had:Big Eye Tuna- had a richer, tuna taste than regular tuna. Anago/Saltwater Eel- this was delish. It's softer and less slimy than freshwater and as much as I like unagi, I wish more places would have this. Japanese Snapper- this was very delicate of a flavor and very fresh. I find some snapper has a very chewy texture and almost muddy taste. Aji/Spanish Makerel- this was nice. I like the grated ginger on top, but I love gingery stuff. White Clam- the BF doesn't normally enjoy such thing but even he appreciated the flavor. I thought this was good and must for people who love the chewy nigiris like tako, hokkigai, ika. Regular nigiri menu:Cajun Albacore- good seasoning. I appreciate that their ponzu sauce isn't overtly citrusy and is much more delicate than other places. There's some places that have that "fake" lime taste and kills all other flavor.Albacore- good and freshSuper White Yellowtail- buttery in texture- very freshMackerel- good, but with the cure+ soy is too salty. 2nd order I asked for ponzu and it was much better this way. One thing I noticed about the nigiri cuts is that some have a very faint citrus note on it. Not like someone squeezed lemon, but I suspect that they wipe their blades with a citrus water which imparts a hint of it. If you douse your rice in soy, you won't probably taste it, but I barely dip any soy onto my fish. This is something I've seen done in Japan so kudos if that's what flavored it. Even at my current favorite place, there's some days where certain fish is just okay. Everything today was fresh and on. The daily specials rotating is a great idea since those are intriguing and were all fresh. I like there is half rolls- we tried the Calico and Ecstacy which are both pretty decent as far as rolls go. Appetizers: The famed pork belly was pretty tasty!- Crispy, melty, salty, sweet and tangy balance. Dynamite- most places but too much mayo. BF liked this and I appreciated it was a bit crispy on top. Orgasm salad- nice that you get a little sashimi salad action and it wasn't overly dressed or too much greens to fish ratio. Hamachi Kama- we love yellowtail collars and theirs was good. I wish the skin of it was crispier though....nothing beats when it's like fish skin chips, but only one ayce so far grills it to that (Island). Grilled Yellowtail- this was on the specials board and was a good piece with some sweet glaze Dessert: I like that you can get more than just one dessert (though some desserts have a 1order pp limit). BF and I shared the green tea creme brulee, green tea cake and tofu cheesecake. The green tea creme brulee was the winner for both of us. It isn't light on the matcha though so if you don't like the strong green tea taste then it might be a bit much but it is creamy, bittersweet burnt matcha and sugar goodness. Service was great! That was one that put it over the edge for us. Servers checked on us often, was on top of drinks, had some suggestions and were friendly. It wasn't too busy until the end of our meal and the service didn't suffer just because we weren't the only ones there. The sushi chefs were super nice, funny and personable. We had Tony during the first half of dinner then Fredo came in. Fredo is all jokes and curses. I'm all for it, but just a warning to those who can't handle a fucking joke. I also like the decor in here- definitely one of the nicer ambiance ayces around. We will be returning soon (and I will be coming sooner for the UYE) ! I feel we might be coming here on a regular and making this our favorite spot if this service and quality stays true.EDIT- Just wanted to say that the UYE had so many people (25) plus a filled restaurant and our service was still friendly, organized as possible (had separate checks ready for all us) and a reasonable pace on the food. Kudos to the staff! They work really hard here to keep up with the crowd.
2	This is a review of their a la carte options.The Skinny: Although we didn't partake of their AYCE, their a la carte items and bento were below par. FYI - if you do not have their AYCE, the menu and pricing can be confusing (2.5) Service: messed up bill which my hubby had to actually grab a menu and show the waitress that she was wrong (2), Value: given the experience here, I wouldn't come back.(2).I was enthused to see a highly rated sushi place. So I nagged the hubby to come try this place out. When we arrived. we weren't hungry enough to try their AYCE option. Instead we ordered their deluxe bento (with a side salad and miso soup), katsu curry and a side order of the grilled pork belly.FYI - if you order a la carte, the prices are all on the actual fold-out menu NOT what's on the AYCE sheet or the supplement page on the placemat. Make sure you check your bill because we were charged for the more expensive price for pork belly (ie, supplement for the AYCE add- on) instead of the a la carte price. The waitress asked the chef instead of checking the menu and didn't believe us. My hubby had to ask for the menu to show her the difference. The deluxe bento suffered from many problems but let's just start off with the baby upchuck masquerading as some sort of misguided egg salad they put in the top right hand corner. (see pic: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h9RUaaHa5kcQKqtJ-sgS0Q&select=pNoiIE--ccKc0V8o2PwRgw) Or perhaps the completely anemic "teriyaki chicken" which didn't even have grill marks on them. The fried salmon and tempura were both soggy. We had to ask for tempura sauce. Sashimi - the fish was cut into thick chunks but isn't cut in the proper matter allowing the fish to melt in your mouth. For what it's worth, the California maki was okay. There was little to no katsu with the katsu curry.  (FYI - the cutlet in the photo represents about 40% of the entire cutlet which is rather small for $8 see pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=tl0GrsOs4ViWjApsgaBvog ). The curry itself was overly thick and bland due to the addition of perhaps too much potatoes.Finally, the grilled pork belly. While the texture of the pork belly was nice, the flavour of the pork was overly smoky for our tastes. The addition of the rather oddly sour tasting mango salsa was a deteriment to the dish. Certainly not something we would order again and we found it expensive for the price.Overall given our experience with a la carte, we probably won't be stopping by for AYCE. But certainly check your bill if you do decide to do the a la carte tasting.
5	I'm jumping on the bandwagon. This place has been getting rave reviews and now I know why. I walked in on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Luckily, one lone spot at the sushi bar was calling out to me. Everything I tried was good (except for the uni... but I'm just not a fan of it).Grilled pork belly - Amazing! One of the best pork belly dishes I've ever had... succulent, juicy, tender, crispy edge, perfect amount of fat... It comes with a mango salsa, but it doesn't need it at all. Eating the pork by itself is the way to go.Uni - I'm not a fan, but wanted to give it another shot since I've only had it a handful of times previously. After trying it here, I still don't like it. It was too salty and texture is not the least bit appealing.Tuna nigiri - fresh, bright, silky texture, not too much rice.Moon roll - eel, scallop, tempura flakes. Excellent roll, the eel took a backseat to the distinct flavor of the scallop. And, they didn't over-sauce the roll allowing the flavors of the main ingredients to shine.Orgasm salad - Didn't quite live up to it's name, but still delicious. Nice bit of heat with the spicy chili sauce.Spicy tuna crispy rice - Loved the crispy rice and the tuna was excellent. Each piece is big and it comes three to an order.Hamachi nigiri - Wonderfully fresh, generous cuts of fish. The slices of fish were so big I couldn't even see the rice it was sitting on.Tofu cheesecake - made in house, this dessert was incredibly rich and creamy.The service and experience at the sushi bar was great. Chef Fredo took time to talk to everyone and explain the menu even though he, and the other chefs, were slammed. This is one off the strip sushi spot not to be missed.
5	Yelp, you never steer me wrong!The hubby and I went on a Tuesday night and we sat at the bar. We decided on AYCE and that is definitely the way to go. Price is standard at $26.95. We ordered side dishes first: grilled yellow tail collar, fried calamari, grilled pork belly and baked green mussels. Baked green mussels were good but not nearly as good as Sin City Sushi. We liked everything for the most part but the grilled pork belly is something special. The pork belly was juicy, flavorful and melted in my mouth.We mostly stuck with nigiri and everything was fresh with not too much rice. The standouts for me were the super white tuna and snow crab meat. Our chef, Mike, suggested a variety of items to try and one of them was rice, raw quail egg and masago wrapped in seaweed. It was surprisingly yummy. The only roll we had lived up to it's name, Ecstacy Roll. I can't even remember what was in it but it was good! I like that you can do half orders.What bumped this review up to 5 stars for me were the desserts. The hubby had the green tea creme brulee and I had the tempura ice cream. I wasn't too thrilled with the tempura because it was spongy and not at all crunchy. I did, however, eat most of the green tea creme brulee. It had a good consistency and right amount of sweetness. I still had a little bit of a sweet tooth so I ordered the lychee sorbet. It was so yummy and was a great way to cleanse the palette. A huge plus was the exceptional service. The sushi chefs were friendly and were gracious enough to suggest different things to try. Our glasses were always full and empty plates were cleared right away. I am now a believer of the type. I love that they have a frequent punch card. I expect to get that free 10th meal very soon!
5	This was the first stop of my Las Vegas Food Tour and wow was it a good one. I have to admit that this was my all time favorite sushi experience and definitely a top 3 overall dining experience.I chose to sit at the bar (which I highly recommend from now on). I chose to do the AYCE and was flabbergasted by the large selection of nigiri, rolls and special rolls they had. You can add appetizers and desserts to the AYCE as well. Sushi Chef Fredo saw that I was completely clueless about what to order so I basically turned the keys over to him. He basically ordered for me, and I have to say that this is the only way to eat sushi from now on. It was an awesome experience. I also appreciated the way Fredo made the nigiri sushi...he didn't overpower the fish with a ton of rice underneath.Highlights:Pork Belly - At first, i thought the soy sauce marinade was gonna overpower the pork belly and make it really salty, but when i ate, it was incredibly delicate and tender. It is similar to chashu. In addition, the pork belly comes with a side of mango salsa to top off the meat. 5/5Blue Fin Tuna, Toro, and Super White Tuna Nigiri - These were my top dishes for the night. The blue fin tuna was incredibly soft and tender, which makes it just melt in your mouth. It was freakin decadent. I was told that the toro is the belly of the tuna, which makes sense because it tasted fatty and tender...just the way i like it. And the super white tuna (which i've heard is escolar...not tuna) was also really good. It tasted like butterfish. 5/5Hurricane Roll - the best of the special rolls IMO. It had shrimp tempura and an assortment of other stuff. I think it had rho as well. And it must have been topped with some eel sauce and this other creamy white sauce. I ordered so much, I don't remember what was in it. But i do remember that it tasted balanced and flavorful, and was simply the perfect bite. 5/5Frying Jason - This is basically a BSCR but the filling had crab sticks and cream cheese. Pretty bomb. 4/5Grilled Yellowtail Collar - this was also the bomb. you can taste the smokiness from the grill and the fish was light. it felt like you were eating outside your bbq. 4/5I also ordered: baked mussels (fantastic)dynamite (basically the topping of a BSCR in a shell)orgasmic salad (seared ahi tuna in some greens and lime juice. a bit sour)jala jala roll (your basic roll with spicy tuna in the filling topped with albacore, salmon, tuna, and a slice of chili pepper....pretty good)scallop nigiri (it was good, but he put a bit too much lime juice on it)supreme salmon roll (probably my least favorite. it was a salmon roll topped with salmon. a little overkill)Finally after all this indulgence, i finished off my meal with some green tea ice cream. delicious. p.s. all the dishes i ordered can be ordered in half orders.
5	another recommendation from JANE K. we went together ;) tried all the same foods! but here's a couple of my faves: -spicy tuna crispy rice-pork belly-super white tuna-cajun albacoreit's a good thing they keep sushimon and goyemon on the same stamp card! most definitely will be back and become a regular at goyemon! =)
5	Wow. AYCE sushi at a great price (26.95). Had mostly just nigiri (white tuna, salmon, yellowtail, halibut, mackerel, etc.). They also have an abundance of extra items outside of sushi and rolls. grilled pork belly w/ mango salsa was good, not great. the yellowtail collar was out of this world. the sauce that came with it was even better. Also, they include uni (1 order per person), bluefin tuna (1 order per person), and bigeye tuna with the ayce menu. The only knock i have against this restaurant might be the time it takes for the food to come out. There was always a few people waiting for seats at this restaurant and i can see why. I suggest eating at the sushi bar. O yea ayce desserts are included as well.
5	My friend used to love Sushi Hana and was devastated when it closed down. I thought the previous restaurant was ok, but Goyemon is magnificent. Everything about it is upscale and almost sophisticated without being ridiculously priced. The tables are a little close together and it is easy to get caught up in another groups conversation. You should go with a mid size group of 4-6 to truly get the perfect dining experience. The menu for the all you can eat is extensive. To be able to get a full tasting you will need to share and split the duties amongst everyone. Goyemon does it's part by offering many rolls in a half portion size. Katrina M. and I stuck mainly to the nigiri. The best were the halibut, super white tuna, scallops, and uni. I will devour four orders of halibut by myself and it was better than most places. They use less ponzu sauce on theirs which gives me the impression that there is less to hide. The super white tuna was buttery and melts in your mouth. I am pretty sure I snuck a majority of them away when no one was looking. The scallops had a squeeze of lemon that accentuated the flavors of the shellfish. The sea urchin here is delicious. They were fresh, briny, and creamy.We had quite a few cut rolls as well. They all tasted good, but I would stick to the nigiri. The lemon roll was one that stood out above the rest. During the meal, I had wanted to order the Sushi Monster Roll. By mid meal, I was getting too full so I forgot about it. A friend ordered it while no one else was paying attention. We got it as our last roll and regretted every minute of it. One piece is the equivalent of three normal ones. The giant roll has a condense deep fried fish center wrapped in seaweed, rice, soy paper and more rice. If you have a hard time with a spider roll avoid this one. I took the challenge and stuffed the whole piece in my mouth. It was not pretty. Save room for dessert, because it is all superb. The tofu cheesecake is rich and dense. You would never be able to guess that it was made of soy. The green tea creme brulee and cake has a mellow taste. If they allowed for it, I would do AYCE dessert.
5	By far the best AYCE sushi place I've been to!! Pretty much every roll I had was great. I ordered a lot of nigiri to get my money's worth and my favorite had to be the blue fin tuna. I wish there wasn't a limit of one order per person bc I would have ordered another 5 orders for myself!Besides sushi I also tried the mussels and pork belly. I was disappointed in the pork belly after everyone talked so highly about it. I thought the pork belly at Bachi Burger was way better. The mussels were great. Only had one order as I couldn't stop eating sushi. Also if you like really spicy food I would recommend the 911 roll. It didn't start off spicy but it gradually built until my tongue was on fire. I felt like I was doing a Man vs. Food challenge!Overall it was a great experience. I didn't leave much room for desert but had the lychee sorbet and it was great. They even had small pieces of lychee in it (nice touch)
3	This place is good, very good.Not great, nothing special, but good.  We did an AYCE double sushi date last night.  First, we waited for 40 minutes for a table.  At that point, we were super lucky it was all you can eat because we were ravenous.  All the fish was fresh and tasty.  Everything was rolled nicely.  We were very happy.  The only dissapointed was the baked green mussels.  They were terrible.I would go back if someone suggested it, but I certtainly wouldn't wait 40 minutes again for a table.  I think there are better places in Vegas. We tried just about everything...hamachi, snapper, smoked salmon, uni, scallops, mussels, yakisoba, gyoza, 2  salads, miso soup, crispy pork belly, tuna rice cracker, 7 rolls including sexy girl, 911 (habenero makes it super spicy with good flavor, a nice departure from the usual jalapeno) , sunrise,  frying jason, pastel, and so on.  The service was nice and efficient and the punch card is an extra cool touch.One really nice surprise is the variety of desserts offered.  The tofu cheesecake was extra delicious!
3	I literally live around the corner from Goyemon.  I used to frequent Sushi Hana, I missed out on Shin, but was pretty stoked about Goyemon.I WAS coming here twice a week for about a month.PROS: Open late with a last call at 2 am.  Super plus seeing how my boyfriend doesn't get out of work until 1 on the weekends and my work schedule is just all over the place.Reasonable prices for the quality of food.  I like that they have an AYCE option even though we always ordered a la carte.My one peeve:After ALL the times I had frequented this place in such a short period of time....my boyfriend heads in with his family for dinner.  It was a party of 5 and 4 of them ordered AYCE... my boyfriend ordered a sashimi platter because he wasn't in an AYCE mood.  The server watched him like a hawk.... the ENTIRE night.Long story short, my bf is a bit of snob when it comes to service so now.... he won't go back in there.Sad face for me.Aside from that....My favorite roll is the Hurricane roll.Sesame chicken (karaage) is pretty good.Goyemon was all about convenience for me... :( pretty bummed that I can't go back
5	Am I glad I consulted yelp when I was looking for an outstanding AYCE sushi bar in Las Vegas! I promised my son and his friend a I would take them to the best sushi bar when I took them to Vegas a few weeks ago. They are sushi gourmets and they said it was the best sushi ever.Me? I haven't acquired a taste for it yet but here is my contribution......I tried the fried pork belly was truly a taste thrill!
5	This wasnt ok. It wasnt great. It wasnt good. IT WAS FRIGGING EXCEPTIONAL. Coming from a person who isnt a Sushi Snob but who eats a fair amount of sushi and not the weak california rolls. Not that im hating on California rolls i just prefer the real DEAL. And what a deal it is for AYCE. They didnt even bat an eye that i was a little late and the group was already seated. Sure my drink came out late but the service from then on was ABOVE PAR. Plus it was a group of us. There is a nice amount to choose from the AYCE eat list from Salads to Noodles to Sushi, and Chicken skewers. Ohhhhh My SENSORY EFFING OVERLOAD. Im not one to say when i go to a place that everything was delicious. BUT EVERYTHING was, im not a fan of scallops, i found that out tonight but it was still VERY VERY FRESH. As in i was just floating or swimming or whatever a scallop does off the coast of California this morning and now Im in your mouth. Ahhh Green Tea cake how ill miss thee. If your here on vacation skip the buffet and come here. Have a big group come here. Want to treat your lady or man COME HERE. I SHALL BE BACK. And get a stamp card.
3	All you can eat for $26.00 is a great deal. Beats the Strip and tourist. It was good, fresh and creative. Definitely do it again and again! A no brainer!
5	Thank you Yelp!!!!!While in Las Vegas with a few friends, we turned to our favorite foodie site and hit a grand slam.Do not let the outside fool you. However, once inside you feel the energy and buzz of this place.We were fortunate to go on a Wednesday, and only waited a little while for places at the sushi bar.To begin with, Goyemon is one of the best sushi restaurants I have ever been too. Everything is five star. And the best thing about it, they have an all you can eat deal for less than $30 per person.Our head sushi chef, Fredo, was an entertainer and perfectionist who entertained us while we dined on all his suggestions. Normally, the quality of an all you can eat is questionable.Here, it is as fine as you can get and a bargain too.It is on the west side of town, a decent ride but well worth the trip.
4	I liked this place a lot.  It's close to home and not to pricey.  They ahve some really cheap liquor to.  The greentini's are 5 dollars each and 2 gets you buzzed pretty fast.  I always sat at the bar and it was a blast.   I guess my only complaint is that theres not much more room for seating at a table or something like that.
5	Best sushi for the price I have had in Vegas. My friend and I shared the sushi/sashimi combo for two and it was more than enough food for both of us at the price of $24! The fish is super fresh, and the service was great. I wish the place was bigger though because I know it's going to get popular and I don't want to have to wait in line.
5	All you can eat sushi joints are all over Las Vegas, so how do you choose one and say it's your favorite? Fresh fish and a huge selection of non sushi dishes included in the AYCE.I love this place, fresh fish, tasty cold and warm dishes and friendly, fast service. The AYCE sushi menu includes a large selection of cold and warm dishes from udon to tofu salad to grilled pork belly. The udon broth is very delicious and soothing, I recommend ordering it toward the end of your meal after you've eaten all of the sushi. The sushi is fresh and quite tasty, I recommend the garlic tuna, garlic yellowtail, cajun albacore and sweet shrimp with the fried head on the side, (of course). The crispy tuna is also a must and the pickled plum hand roll is also delicious.This is one of my favorite AYCE sushi places, if I could, I'd go here 2-3 times a week. If you're looking for fresh sushi and reasonable prices, this is the place to go.
4	My first night in vegas and I stopped by decided to try this place out since it came so highly reviewed. Our flight landed around 9pm and by the time we got settled in to the hotel it was closer to midnight. Thank god this is Vegas and not back home, where all the restaurant would have been closed!I really liked the atmosphere of the place, nothing too fancy but not a run down place. The food was good, the prices were alot better than back home. My partner & I shared the Sashimi platter both times we were there and the first time was amazing! The second time was a miss, dont really know why. It was as if the freshness was not all there. I would definitely come back, and I will!
5	So when i was asked what i would like for dinner on our final night in Vegas i said Sushi please!!  Lucky for me, Minh D knew about this awesome place that is located off the strip and is moderate priced       ($26.95 for AYCE) and open till 3:00am. Parking wasnt bad and we were warmly welcomed and seated at a table right away.Hungry and not knowing what to order first (I love sushi and could probally eat my weight in it). Minh said he was getting the AYCE which was unlimited sushi that had to be consumed in 60minutes with no left over rice on the plates, if there was any traces of sushi or rice left overs they would charge you A La Carte prices. You can not share with other non AYCE people at your table, however you can share if anyone at your table is partaking in the AYCE challenge which is a good thing and highly recommended!! So after really thinking about it i decided to challenge myself and do it!! Heck you only live once, gotta try different things!!In no order and from what i can remember before the sushi coma totally took over:Grilled Tofu Salad-Grilled Tofu and spring mix served with a garlic sesame dressing.Tryed some of Minh's Grilled Pork Belly-Grilled pork belly served with mango salsaHalf roll- Philadelphia Roll-Salmon,Cream Cheese,Avocado,Cucumber topped with smelt eggsHalf roll-California RollFive piece Roll (no half boo)- Spider Roll-Deep fried soft shell crab meat,cucumber,avocado with eel sauce and wrapped in soybean paperHalf roll- Chicken teriyaki roll (Do not order, sadly the chicken was so dry it almost gaged me)Between all those rolls and eating some of Minh's i started to realize that i could not finish all of this. Taking a rest and also walking around the food just wasnt wanting to settle. Sadly i had to tap out half way through the challenge. This little cupcake has had her fill of sushi for the next month and a half!! I was looking forward to saving room for dessert which they had Green Tea Creme Brulee (my favorite).  Untill next time we are in town, i think i will come better prepared for such a challenge!!
4	We came here to see for ourselves , what all the hype was about.       It was an early dinner on a Thursday, restaurant just opened , but filled up quickly.     The food- grilled pork belly pretty good  .  We had the nigiri- salmon, halibut,Japanese snapper, tai snapper, maguro , toro, Cajun salmon and ama ebi amazing how everything was so fresh, I don't think I have had that kind of quality fish in Las Vegas .      We also had a few rolls I can't remember most of the rolls , I just remember it was all very good .    The service was the reason I took off a star , we did not get couple of our orders even after reminding her , and she saying it was coming right up. Yeah right!       Overall very good, even though I'm not a big fan of ayce with hour time limit always feel rushed.
5	Vegas has the best collection of awesome sushi joints. The abundance of great sushi spots in this city make every trip worth it. They're all located off Strip too. You gotta drive out and some of these places are locals favorites.Sushi House Goyemon is another sweet spot. AYCE and open really late, it's simply heaven. AYCE includes not only sushi but salads, appetizers, side dishes, and dessert too.Poki salad - Fresh tuna and addicting tangy dressing.Grilled tofu salad - The grilled tofu had a perfect seasoned taste.Grilled pork belly - 2 slices of tender melt in your mouth pork belly.Albacore - Above average albacore nigiri.Cajun Albacore - This is my favorite nigiri here. Super flavorful.Super white tuna - Excellent but not as good as Hikari's.Spider roll - Very well executed here. Wrapped with soy paper.Pixie roll - It's like a spider roll with more stuff. Also excellent.O.I.D. roll - Baked roll with salmon and asparagus. Not bad.Being super hungry, we made the fatal mistake of ordering too much too fast. By the time the first wave digested, Sarah A. and I were in sushi hell. We were struggling to breathe or move. Be sure to finish or else you'll end up paying in more ways than one!Ironically, I ended the night with a bowl of lychee ice cream :D
5	WHERE: Located on Tropicana & Decatur.WHEN: 5pm-3am (dinner & late dinnertime!)WHY: Have you ever posted "best sushi in LV" topics on Yelp Talk? If so, no need to ask anymore, because this is it!! THE BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI JOINT IN TOWN! WITHOUT A DOUBT!WHAT: Firstly, we got to test out the new party room! There were 20 of us sushi-eaters ready to devour and take advantage of that AYCE sushi menu! The servers were all dolls! They were extremely helpful (knowing how hectic a large party can be) and us paying separately did not scare them at all. They were well-prepared! COOL points for the staff that night!So, on to the food! I would just like to state the fact that each dish was made with such perfection! From the many attractive flavors, to the presentation!SOME THINGS I TRIED:Orgasm salad: Something a little bit different! The sauce blend had a little tang and zest to it, which actually made the salad.Pastel roll: shrimp and crab wrapped inside soy paper, shrimp and avocado on top, slightly drizzled with spicy yum & eel sauce on top!911 roll: To all of you spice-aholics, you need to try this one! I personally thought that I would be able to take some HEAT, but I had to LEAVE THE KITCHEN for this one! After several drinks of water and patiently waiting it out, the spice stuck to my tongue! So, the tip for this roll: BEWARE, AND PROCEED WITH CAUTION! hahaI LOVE BAKED ROLLS! So, I love the fact that they have a handful of great ones!O.I.D. roll: shrimp & asparagus wrapped in salmon & baked with yumyum sauce! Oh whatt?!!Baked 428: I had to try this one just because it said baked chicken inside the roll! I have never tried a chicken roll =)Goyemon lasagna roll: I love japanese lasagna rolls, so I always try it in every sushi spot. & this won my heart over! My absolute favorite lasagna roll of all time!DESSERT! Oh how I love the end of beautiful beginnings solely due to dessert! So... there are a couple of desserts you may choose from on the ayce menu, (tempura, mochi, etc) meaning you can get as much as you'd like?! There is a separate dessert menu you can choose from as well, where you are only allowed to pick one on there! And on this beautiful menu lay "GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE," which happened to be my pick! =D It was completely marvelous!Lastly, I would like to give a shoutout to my fellow yelper, Nelson Q., for introducing me to such greatness! You got me hooked, my friend! So hooked that I will be back there next week!WINNER, WINNER, SUSHI DINNER!
4	Dinner AYCE is $26.95. This wouldn't be my favorite sushi joint, but I do like that it's closer than Sushi Twister and I like their neat little random things. Especially their different stuff like their desserts and small salads and such. It just seems unique. Quality isn't as great as Twister, but yeah. I'd definitely come here when I'm craving sushi especially since it's closer.Service was okay-good. There were a lot of busers so our plates and stuff were cleared fast. It was a Thursday evening (around 6pm-ish) but it got pretty packed after we were there for an hour or more. When my waitress knew that I really liked salmon she suggested special salmon stuff (Cajun Salmon) so that was cool.If you like creme brulee they have green tea flavored. Get it if you like green tea.
5	Came here on a Saturday evening to a packed crowd for AYCE. ($27) Wait was about 30-40min for a group of 6. I would suggest having a volunteer go early and get your name on the list. However, they do take reservations for groups of 10+ since they have a party room.Food: Oh boy Oh boy Oh boy! The Salmon nigiri melted in your mouth like butter and we ordered 654640 orders. The fish wasn't smelly at all and you could just tell that it was super fresh. It reminded me of the old Sushi Mon's fish (which use to be my number 1 go to place for sushi). Tuna and Yellowtail was just as fresh and buttery. Their new items such as the pork belly is a must try too. We also half-ordered 10 different rolls and all of them were just as tasty. For dessert, I got the lychee sherbert, green tea creme brulee, tofu cheesecake (tastes like cheesecake), and the fried ice cream. All of them thumbs up!Overall, this is now my go-to place for AYCE sushi. They offer a variety of items and service is adeqaute.
5	YES!  I enjoyed my experience at Sushi House Goyemon!!!  We found this restaurant through YELP!  Thank you Yelp!!!After reading the Yelp reviews, we expected a wait, but the night and time we went, there was no wait.  On the menu, it says that you have 60 minutes to eat.  You must eat everything you order and not leave a pile of rice or they will charge you per item.I like the fact that they use YAMASA soy sauce!!!For $26.95, you can get just about everything you want on the menu.  The items I liked the best were the yellowtail sushi, shrimp tempura, uni (only one order per person), crab meat sushi, and yellowtail collar.  The fish is fresh and cut Japanese style (smaller portions).The only item I didn't like that much was the salmon sushi, so I only got one order of that.  The nigiri toro wasn't what I was expecting either.Some of the other rolls looked good, but are big, so I didn't want to fill up on one roll.  The one roll I would have liked to try was the Spider roll.For dessert, I had the green tea creme brulee which was pretty good.The service is good.  There was only a few times when a server wasn't close by or when we had to wait to order something when we wanted.I would definitely go back to Sushi House Goyemon!  See my pictures!Xie Xie!!
5	Added this place to my top 3 sushi joints.  Tried it out last night and it satisfied me and my wife's sushi craving.  We got there at around 10pm and waited about 30min.The owners are also the owners of Sushi-mon on Silverado and Maryland and Fredo moved to this location.  He is still funny as usual and a great sushi chef.Just like everyone says the food is fresh and tasty.  Pork belly is a must try. Love the grill taste to it.  You can also order all your rolls as half orders which is a plus, so that you can try out more rolls.  Tried my first Jalapeno masago nigiri(thanks Fredo) and it was awesome.  Try one with a quail egg and one without.  I didnt get to try my usual hamachi kama, due to being sold out of that and salmon kama (collar). Im sure they are both just as great as sushi-mons.Make sure you look at the chalkboard to the right of the sushi bar for daily specials. I seen it at the end of the meal and didn't get to try them :(. We will definately go back and we will be bringing more people to enjoy this place.
3	All you can eat sushi. In Vegas. Revolutionary! Or not.Owned by the same people who own Monta and Sushi-Mon, this is another addition to their Japanese cuisine monopoly. As such, the resemblance to either restaurant is no surprise. In fact, just like Sushi-Mon they offer a small selection of special fish options for the day. When we arrived the only option they had available was their in-house smoked salmon, which was alright. The highlights: * Braised Pork belly. Pork belly is gelatinous, fatty and delicious by itself, but given the right TLC and it's a porky palate pleaser. This is no different, but it's best eaten in small doses. The portion size is meager so that takes care of that. Flavors and textures are great on this one. * Raw scallop nigiri. Not the "scallop dynamite" smothered in mayo, this is real, tender scallop. It's delicious and rare to find in an AYCE place! * Uni was fresh, not murky tasting. Lowlights:* Baked green mussels. Blah! Bluefin's are better.* Orgasm Salad. I'd take a hundred screaming O's over this any day. Boo. Weird medley of assorted fish-chunks doused in a puddle of ginger-sesame dressing and a few wilted greens doesn't bring orgasm to mind at all- unless you mean that wet spot in the bed nobody wants to sleep on... * Masago & Quail egg- I'd asked for Ikura but the chef assured me it was usually made with masago. Didn't float my boat OR sink my submarine. The interior is nice, with lots of warm wooden tones throughout and low-hanging lamps.The service could be spotty. There was confusion over who was actually taking our appetizer/drink orders and a lot of shouting back and forth from the sushi bar to the servers. I'd rate this a 3 and a half star place. The food isn't awful and the service wasn't consistently bad, it just didn't blow me out of the water. I was tempted to go for a 4 star, but I figured rounding down will help counter the ebulliently high prior ratings.I'm willing to give them another chance and try some of their specialty rolls, but it's a bit out of the way and didn't make me want to do a dance of belly-joy at the end of my meal.
3	Sorry Elites...I was not as impressed as I thought I would be.1.  We arrived to find out that there was a 45 minute wait to sit.  As we contemplated if we should go to our favorite sushi place that we both know that we will enjoy the fresh fish and not so over bearing rice on the nigiri's OR stay and try something new...so, we stayed. 2. The rice on the nigiri's were thick, hard as if it was pre-made and sat out on a buffet line .  So, I ate everything sashimi style as I magically made the thick rancid and hard rice disappear.... :-) 3. Fish quality wasn't bad. I really enjoyed that they have white fish on the menu and the scallop nigiri was amazing. 4. Pork belly! Normally, I am a pork belly fanatic. However, I feel indifferent.  The meat and fat was really good and had a sweet flavor.  I think the skin could have been crispy to have that WOW factor. 5. Crispy rice w/ spicy tuna was good.  I enjoyed the crispy texture and the spicy kick to the tuna.6. Calamari was really good. This was one of my favorites. 7. I was disappointed that they ran out of hamachi kama....but wait...they are owned by Sushi Mon so they always run out of hamachi kama! 8. Overall...it was ok. I don't think I would frequent this place. It felt like it was more of a newer Sushi Mon with nicer restaurant materials.
5	This place only does dinner which is the only negative thing I can say about it. Service with a smile comes to life as soon as you walk in the door. It's always a busy place especially on weekends and they don't take reservations so plan on waiting friday and saturday. Once seated the servers are eager to bring you your hearts desires and in a timely manner. From the nigiri to the custom handrolls the fish is ample and fresh tasting.if your all about the AYCE, this is your place.
5	Me and my girlfriend were spending a friday in vegas, and while everyone went out to party and club and what not, we decided to go on a nice dinner date together, we finally decided upon Sushi Goyemon. The feast that followed was one for the ages..We chose this place because the high rating, the deliciously fresh looking pictures and the proximity to mgm signature and the strip. This exceeded any sort of expectations we had that night. We had no idea this was an AYCE joint and had i known, i may have put up a small fight as to going here, but I'm glad I didn't because right when we sat down (at the bar of course) the very personable sushi chefs threw the AYCE idea at us and we didn't know if we could really eat our money's worth. But Sushi Goyemon has you covered! You don't have to order the AYCE (which is basically the whole menu including the specials) but if you happen to order more than the cost of the AYCE, they automatically make it AYCE and you can eat and eat and eat and eat! And eat we did..My girlfriend is still pretty new to all this raw fish stuff, and she enjoyed this experience every bit as much as I did. I told her, "Don't worry, if it's fresh, you'll love it!" and love it she did!! every single piece, all 5'4'' hundred pounds of her wolfed down that sushi like she was Oprah at thanksgiving!If I even began to go down the list of delicious morsels we had that night this would end up a dissertation; but I will say that that all of the fish was really fresh, the service was awesome and we're here a week after that meal still thinking and talking about our experience.P.S. They call it an orgasm salad for a reason.. order it..
4	Second visit.  Waited 30 minutes for a table for two at around 11pm.  Still glad we waited.  Service was great again.  Learned we can ask for the head of our sweet shrimp deep fried so we could nibble on it too.  Everything was fresh again.  Love the uni (so fresh) and lucked out since my companion wouldn't try it - no problem - more for me!  Everything else was great, just like my first visit.  Really enjoyed the green tea cake - not too sweet so it was the perfect end to the meal that left my tummy too full.
4	I've been to many all you can eat sushi's, and by far this was a great experience. I loved the bar like atmosphere, and small exclusive feeling. Only downside were their rolls which I knew after inspecting were a death trick when it comes to all you can eat. Massive amounts of fake crab meat and rice to help fill the empty void I created through starvation all day.  However everything else besides the rolls, sushi wise, were worth ordering... Shrimp tampura on the other hand was extremely salty.
5	Listing all the food we ate for AYCE at Goyemon would give me carpel tunnel syndrome. I think the 7 of us cleared off about 50+ plates.Best of the best:-Braised pork belly A++++-Masago w/ quail egg A++++-Each and every one of the fresh sushi A++++Service:-So friendly, attentive, quick!-Make sure you ask them to check on an order if it doesn't come within 5 minutes. That just means they forgot, since their orders come out SUPER fast.And remember, you're in Vegas.Sake bombs are a requirement.(Get hot sake - yummmmm!)
4	Love this place! Always consistent. Chefs are always friendly, food quality is great, and they make everything so quick! I also enjoy Sushi Mon, but this place has newer items and the decor is much nicer. You have to try the ecstasy roll, garlic tuna, super white tuna and grilled pork belly! They tend to have some great specials, as well. Love when they have Toro--one of my favorites! Haven't been here late enough to try the ramen, yet, but looking forward to it! Well done, guys!
5	If I were rating this place as a regular, sit down sushi place, I'd probably give it 4 stars based on quality of fish.  But given that is offers quality fish with an AYCE option, Goyemon gets 5 stars.  I've been to AYCE sushi places all over the country, and I have to say, Goyemon is the best I've ever been to.Must tries: pork belly, uni, hamachi collar (when they have it).  I also enjoyed the desserts--especially the green tea cake with red bean icing and the creme brulee.  Will definitely be going back everytime I'm in vegas
4	My husband & I were headed to the Streats event last night when it started pouring over the entire city, so we made a detour to Sushi House Goyemon based on the sudden craving for sushi and it's amazing Yelp reviews. We arrived close to 10PM and the wait was 30 minutes. Luckily, we weren't starving so we enjoyed the outside waiting area on a relatively nice night.Once we sat down and looked at the AYCE menu, our minds were blown. There are well over 100 items available with every nagiri and specialty roll you can imagine. My favorites were the uni (so fresh, sweet, creamy, and beautiful), super white tuna (I felt like the heat of my mouth made the fish melt), sexy girl, crispy rice, and green tea creme brulee. The sushi places I'm used to eating at typically pour a lot of eel/yum yum sauce on everything so I thought that the tiger roll and 911 roll were a bit dry. The 911 roll is no joke. I can stand a lot of spice and my husband could only manage one piece, so I had to polish that dish off by myself. My eyes were slightly watering by my last piece. This is my new go-to AYCE sushi joint with it's expansive menu, fresh fish, nice decor, and good service.
4	This place is quite yummy me and boyfriend love trying different all you can eat sushi places and I got to say this is one we will go back again. The pros for the place where:-the pork belly was yummy melt in your mouth tenderness- all you can eat dessert (a lot of the other places are like limit 3)-TOFU cheesecake!-attentive wait staffthe cons:-the pork belly was sometimes a Lil cold in the middle-not enough chairs
2	Great prices on regular menu ( i dont gorge on AYCE sushi).  SLLLOOOOWWWW service from start to finish.  Sushi was OK, but thin slices, and the tuna was the cheap pink colored stuff you get from grocery sushi stands.  Not sure what all the hype is about this place, def. will not return again.
5	This is a bit redundant but this is the Best AYCE Sushi restaurant in Las Vegas IMO. I can't remember everything I ate that night but we went through majority of the menu and the specials board and I was not disappointed at all. A few memorable standouts were the Yellowtail, Snapper, and Mackerel which found themselves repeated in every order. And of course the ever popular Pork Belly was very nice. I arrived too late and there was no more Hamachi Kama but just looking at that picture has me feenin to go back for it. There fish was of great quality. It was all so fresh tasting and there was no abuse of sauce. The sushi rice I could eat on its own. To me the rice is just as, if not a little more, important than what is on top and this place has nice rice. There was a nice attention to detail in the sushi which is not something I see at most AYCE places and even some regular sushi restaurants. Close your eyes, put your finger anywhere on the menu and anything you land on will be good.
5	The amount of rice to fish ratio is perfect for AYCE. Gotta check out their daily specials. Love the pork belly and desserts. You have to get the green tea cake. Yumz! I've also had their sashimi dinner instead of AYCE before. Fresh THICK pieces of fish for a decent price of around $14. The dinner also include miso soup, salad, and rice.
4	The All you can eat is a great idea, they will give you half rolls so you can try a lot of different stuff, and the pork belly I could eat a lot of these.  The dessert choices were excellent too.
5	Fredo is a SUSHI GOD. I sat at the Bar and it wasnt busy as it should be for a Friday. After being seated Fredo informs me he will be a few minutes. I appreciate the heads up. He makes small chat about if ive been there before. And before i have a chance to Order off the AYCE menu, he says I will delight you with treats for your tongue. From the Spicy Tuna to the Grilled Tofu Salad which i felt a little Misti Y in me for eating it. BUT HOT DAMN it was delicious. Made me Negrito Toro and Regular Toro. Ohh Man. Blue Fin Sushi ahhh delic. And even served me a special that wasnt on the menu. Also get PORK BELLY NOM NOM NOM NOMThe Customer service was excellent was always. Never did my Soda get on the south end of the levy. And I finished my meal with Green Tea Cake(always a good choice) And Green Tea Creme Brulee. Fredo is also a Sports Fan, and will tell you about Sushi Chefs he has worked with in the past. Even one who moved to Colorado and i will be checking in to see what restaurant he went to, because Fredo couldnt remember :(. And i left my stamp card at home, and they stamped and dated my reciept so i can bring it back with my card and get caught up. AWESUMMMM
4	This place is great and all you can eat for $26 how can you beat that, pork belly was awesome way better than morimotos napa, for a lot cheaper, if u come to Vegas this place is a must try. Their stuff is very friendly too
5	I have to agree with pretty much with everyone else have written already.Braised pork belly - We (2 of us) had 6 + orders of this most amazing pork belly EVA.)Spicy Tuna Fire Cracker - 5 orders of this.  Lychee Sorbet - I ordered a total of 4 sorbets, and even after the bill was paid, I had to order another one.Amber Jack  sushi - This piece of fish tasted so fresh and flavorful.  Good recommendation from the waiter.  The only negative comment is that they didn't have yellowtail collar.  They never seem to have it.  Maybe cross it out the menu?  But other than that, I must agree that this is the best AYCE sushi joint in Vegas.
2	Staff seemed overwhelmed. Service was nonexistent at times
5	Great fresh sushi here. Make sure you sit at the sushi bar though so you can interact with the sushi chefs, who are all very cool and like to talk. A wide variety of rolls makes for some very interesting and intriguing options. You have to go with the all-you-can-eat deal as well. For $28, you can go to town on anything they have on the menu, which includes appetizers, nigiri, and rolls. Sometime the place is really packed and since its kinda small, you have to wait for a while, but it is definitely worth it. The location is kind of hidden on the end of a strip-mall, but there is plenty of parking available. I have eaten here many times and its great every time. Plus they have a loyalty card program as well after 10 times dining in you get a free meal. Definitely one of my favorite sushi places in Vegas.
4	Desperate to find great sushi off the Strip, we yelped and found Goyemon. Knew we were in the right place when we saw 75/% of the people in there were Japanese. Delicious, superfresh, good portions, nice ambiance. Lovely place to get your sushi on a realistic prices in Vegas.
5	My cousin recommended this place and I'm so glad that he recommended it, cuz this is my new fav. AYCE!There are tons of sushi to pick from, and there are also some special sushi every night, which I didn't know about the first time I went. But the second time, they had seawater eel and toro (fatty tuna), and both of them were awesome!The sweet shrimp (my personal fav) taste really good. The other sushi were fresh and taste delicious.After the sushi, we had dessert, the green tea creme brulee and tempura ice cream were delicious. My only complain is the waiting time. So I recommend you order everything that you can think of the first time or you will be hungry for a long time if you order a little every time the server comes over. Also, go there early, I waited for 40 mins the first time and an hr the second time before for seating.Other than that, this place is great and you should seriously try it out.
4	This place has so much potential and would definitely get 5 stars if it wasn't for the average service and shortage of servers and sushi chefs.I was in Vegas with my family plus family friends about 3 weeks ago. My dad had wanted to try this one sushi place my aunt recommended. After searching through Yelp, we decided to go Sushi House Goyemon instead of our original dinner plans because of the high rating on Yelp. Since we had a larger party (about 15 people), we waited a little bit over 30 min. Most of us did the AYCE which was $26.95/person (no discounted price for children). The menu is HUGE! They had so many appetizers, salads, rolls, sashimi, and desserts to choose from on the AYCE menu. I was impressed and wish I could have tried them all. They had a lot of items that I usually only see on the regular menus that are not for AYCE. Since it was a while ago that I went, I can't remember them all... but some that popped out were grilled yellowtail collarbone, cold tofu, wakame (seaweed salad), green tea creme brulee... just to name a few. The sashimi was so fresh!! DROOOOOL! it makes me hungry just to think about it! hahahaAlthough the food selection was great, the service was so so slooooooooow. Half of my party got full just from waiting for the rest of their food to come out and ended up not eating that much. It seemed like they forgot some of our food so we would ask them to check up on it. As a result, we got double of our order, which is a plus except when you don't feel like an having an excessive amount of the same thing. There were 4 servers the night I came, but only two sushi chefs for a full house?? The delicious desserts kind of helped compensate for the wait and they let us stay longer than the 1 hour maximum sit time.  I would try this place again but with a smaller party.
5	Ay!!! The rice cracker is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!!! The mussels r fresh n tasty!!!! Service is great!!!!
1	Wow.  Of all the sushi place I've been this is by far the worst.  The quality of the fish was horrible.  I'm not expecting fresh, never been frozen fish from an AYCE place, but the fish was at times down-right NASTY.  I'm not sure how they prepare/store the fish, but something must have gone wrong. The service was slow and they forgot orders.  I know AYCE sushi places are typically on the slow side, but this was horrible.  The restaurant wasn't even full.  I saw wait staff just talking to each other.  Inexcusable. They were also "out" of uni.  We ate dinner at 6pm when the restaurant wasn't even full.  I'm guessing they didn't even have any to begin with.
5	OK, it's a 5 star review, but was almost 4 stars.  Came here on a Saturday night, and it was of course busy, but there were two tables of 2 open that I could have been seated in way sooner.  The staff were trying to wait for the table between them to get up so they could seat a party of 6, even though there was another table for them opening up shortly, so my party could have been eating sushi sooner.  But whatever, I won't hold that against them.The AYCE sushi was awesome, as all the other reviewers already covered.  The toro was just out of this world, and so was the sweet shrimp.  Everything else was pretty well above average, except for the salmon, which was nice and big but just wasn't as delicious as a few other spots I've been to around town.   Oh yes, the hamachi was great as well.  Kept ordering "one more order" at the end of the meal.Had a couple 1/2 rolls that were ok.  I'd much rather eat nigiri.  Also tried a few of the unusual (for AYCE at least) items like the crispy rice with spicy tuna and the grilled pork belly.  Again, everything was delicious.Also was offered a punch card when I paid, which I wasn't sure if they'd have or not.  Kind of rubbing it in my face, because I had a fully stamped card from Sushi Hana, the place that used to be in the space Goyemon is in, and then they shut down.  OK, let's try this again.  8 meals to go!
1	Ate here in may and june was ok then ate here in July and it was awful. will never go back. I should have noticed most of the bad reviews are in july, seems like its getting worse .Fish was not fresh rice was bad. Most of  the  staff just seems confused.
5	The beginning of the summer marked a realization of sorts: I am no self-professed sushi connoisseur. Far from it, the best I've ever had was probably made in my school's dining hall - sad, I know. But when my brother and his friend decided to go to Sushi House Goyemon, I had to go.We all decided to do the the AYCE, and from the taste of the appetizers, I was glad we did. From the Spicy Tuna Rice Cracker (rice deep-fried then topped with spicy tuna and yum yum sauce) to the Seaweed Salad to the orgasmic Pork Belly, I was in love at first course. Then, within 2.5 seconds, Katrina M. and my brother ordered nigiri in endless quantities - some of the standouts were the Garlic Tuna (an absolute favorite), Super White Tuna, Eel, and the Scallop. All of which were incredibly fresh; if it weren't for Vegas being landlocked, I could have sworn the Uni was plucked straight from the sea. As for rolls, we ordered the Lemon Roll, which was perfect in all of its citrusy lightness.Dessert was not even the end of it! With options of Green Tea Creme Brulee (though I am not as convinced on it as my brother is), Mochi, and Green Tea Cake, my absolute favorites were the Lychee Sorbet and Tofu Cheesecake. The former is light enough that I can justify ordering two bowls. The latter combines my two favorite things in the world into one non-guilt-inducing dessert! With the tartness of the mangoes, I can't help but feel okay eating the Tofu Cheesecake - hey, at least I'm eating some fruit too!Goyemon is certainly smart - not only is AYCE 27 dollars and worth every penny in quantity and quality, but it doesn't mess around with the nonsense of being open for lunch. Dinner only means by an hour of being open, the place is already packed, and there's a line forming. Thank goodness for such a timely brother, we always manage to arrive right after they open and miss the treachery of waiting for such deliciousness.
5	just bout everything is great here... miss the yellow tail collars..
4	Another great restaurant by the creators of Monta. This place doesn't open until 5. Makes the place seem a little more exclusive. Dont you think? I had high expectations for Goyemon and they did not disappoint.I was pleasantly surprised to find that its actually a very nice sit-down restaurant. A little classier than most hole-in-the-wall sushi joints.NIGIRI: They served large, dense cuts of fish of the freshest quality on their nigiri sushi. Good fish/rice ratio.ROLLS: They do half-rolls! Take advantage of this luxury! SIDE DISHES: I'm addicted to the baked mussels. Unfortunately, the only reason Goyemon isn't 5 Stars is because of the poorly made mussels. Not enough sauce and not enough flavor. The mussels are usually a bit fishy as well. :( Be sure to try the salmon collar, melt-in-your-mouth pork belly, & the tuna rice cracker. DESSERT: Goyemon has the best dessert selection out of all the sushi joints in Las Vegas. I had the tofu cheesecake and my friend, the tempura ice cream. You know how most places put a limit on just 1 dessert? Goyemon will give you as many as your heart desires.TIP: Be sure to show up early! Gets crowded very quickly! Call 1 week in advance to book the party room if you have a group of 10+ They have a private tatami room.
1	Food was good first time. Second visit I was by myself. Was seated and watched a dozen waitrons pass me by for ten minutes, then I left. Called to tell them why and the lady said she'd comp me if I came back, but my mood was spoiled. Life's too short to give business to a rude place.
5	I've got a good AYCE sushi place 3 minutes from my house so it would take a helluva good experience elsewhere to get me to drive out of my way. With that said, this place is the tits! I've found my new favorite sushi place here in Vegas.I tend to roll solo and did so tonight so I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef, Min, was amazing. Since I was there by myself we talked most of the night. He was engaging and told me Goyemon is from the same owner as the Henderson Sushi-mon and you'll notice the similarities. Min also suggested side items based on the sushi I was ordering from him. It made the experience that much better.And the service from everyone was awesome! Diane was my primary server but I believe every single person who works there stopped by to see how I was doing. I drink a ton of water when I'm dining out and my glass was always full.Not only the service but the cuts of fish were top notch as well. Goyemon, you've got yourself a new regular now. I recommend everyone check this place out!
1	This place is tiny and service is so slow. We were seated for at least 15 minutes and nobody came to take our orders. We had to ask the staff who was our server to get our orders placed.  Not surprisingly the food came out slow seeing only 3 chefs were working at the sushi bar and the restaurant was packed. It was such a chaos in there that I didn't enjoy the meal at all. What a horrible experience. These people simply don't know how to run a restaurant providing that kinda service.
5	I enjoy their sushi, one of the best place to go ACE. just like Sushimon but better. I tried other sushi's in las vegas but I'm always drawn back to Goyemon and Sushimon...this is good and reasonable place...more fish less rice...
4	Usually go to sushimon (the sister restaurant) but decided to give this one a chance, they have ramen with their AYCE and tuna cracker appetizers (spicy tuna on crisp rice) but food took a little long to come out and they forgot a few of our orders. I'll definitely come back, but will stick to being loyal to sushimon.
5	This is hands down, the BEST ayce sushi you can find anywhere!Everything they have here is melt-in-your-mouth fresh.  They don't over stuff you with rice either just because it's ayce.  This place is when quality finally meets quantity.Remember to finish off with their amazing desserts.  The green tea creme brulee has me drooling for days after consuming it.  Lychee sherbet was also tarty and sweet and oh-so-yummy.I'll go back to Vegas JUST FOR THIS, JUST FOR THIS!!!!!!!!
4	Good food and good service.  You'll get full and enjoy the food. It's nothing to be wow about.  I'll definitely go back again.
5	I believe this is was one of the best AYCE sushi restaurants we've been to. We come to Vegas yearly and always look for good restaurants. Going 2 miles off the strip to eat here is well worth it. Be forewarned they are busy nonstop. We walked down from Mandalay bay and had a 45 min wait so we walked back and grabbed our car. When we returned we had our bar seat ready for us. The sushi chefs are fun to chat with and give great suggestions!9-1-1 roll very HOT spicy. Spicy rice cracker yumTiger roll looked killerHurricane & volcano excellentOrgasm salad delicious!Tofu cheesecake interesting - refreshing Cool thing you can order half rolls so you can try so much!  $26.95/person We will be back!!!!
5	Who says the best food in Vegas in ON the STRIP? Not me!This place was the bomb.com! (not trademarked)My fiance and I stayed at a timeshare directly next to a small shopping center off of Decatur Blvd.  Normally we would go towards the strip to eat at one of the many great places to eat, but we decided to eat nearby on Wednesday evening.  What a great choice that was.  Well, on to the food!We walked in and were greeted immediately.  Smiles all around and were seated right away.  The hostess asked if we had been there before and we responded no, but we might be returning again in the future.  We sat down and were asked if we planned to order from the "A la carte" menu or just going to have the highly recommended "All you can eat" menu.  $26.95 for all you can eat?  Sure!  Why not?  We were pleasantly surprised to find out that it wasn't your typical pre-made rolls or crappy appetizers to choose from ... In fact, it was the whole freaking menu!  Everything we had wanted and more!  For $26.95?  Not too shabby!  Now, I am not typically a heavy eater, but when I am on vacation in Las Vegas, I am going to EAT!  We started by ordering some Salmon and Tuna sushi.  4 Pieces for each of us.  Had some calamari and some edamame to go with it.  The sushi pieces were pretty fresh considering we were in a desert.  The edemame, well it's edemame, you can't really screw it up right?  The calamari was pretty good, nothing to write home about, but I would (will) order it again.  Then we moved onto the rolls and ordered a salmon roll and a specialized roll that I requested.  They didn't have anything on the menu that had Avocado, Mango, and Tuna.  I wanted all of these things together and can normally find a roll with those contents in Orange County at just about any Sushi place.  They conjured it up for me with some mango salsa they had, sliced Avocado, and some good tuna.  The rolls were good in size and pretty flavorful.  This was the point where normally I would think about calling it a night ... but tonight was ALL YOU CAN EAT!  We moved on to the crazy good stuff.  Grilled pork belly with mango salsa?  Insanely good!  I normally stay away from pork, but the waiter insisted I tried it ... thank you Odin!  (The waiter was named Odin by the way)  And with the pork we had an order of the grilled veggies.  The veggies were amazing.  I don't know how much butter or what type of seasoning they added to these vegetables, but they were so good we immediately ordered another order.  It consisted of asparagus, mushrooms, and cherry tomatoes.  Just for good measure I ordered a few more pieces of sushi just to fill me to the brim.Last but not least we ordered the desserts.  We had a green tea creme brulee (which was divine) and some green tea ice cream.  The desserts ended the meal perfectly.  All and all we probably ate about $80 worth of food for about $54.  I have to give a special shout out to Odin.  We had some complications with ordering drinks in the beginning and he was very accommodating and gave some great recommendations.  I left him a huge (well deserved) tip.  Next time we go back to Vegas, we will absolutely have to stop at Goyemon!Enjoy!-Steven
4	Every time I've been here it's always been busy even at 5 which is when they open. I always sit at the sushi bar, it has the best & fastest service. I've been here about 4 times now and it kills me that I don't remember the sushi chefs' names but my favorites are the hispanic chef and the Hawaiian chef! They always remember & take care of me and are so helpful. I pretty much only eat nigiri on my AYCE adventures so I can't really comment on any of the rolls. All of the fish are always fresh & delicious and the great thing is that they don't pack on the rice! I'm not a huge fan of the pork belly side dish but the hamachi kama is a winner! They also have Monta ramen available but trust you don't want to be filling up on noodles when there's sushi to be eaten lol Make sure to always check their Specials board for what's hot on the menu for that day! They have a really good dessert menu and you can sample each one! My favorite is the lychee sorbet, simple yet refreshing and it satisfies my sweet tooth! I love this place because it's clean, the quality is great and the service is amazing! So be sure to take care of your sushi chefs and servers! Also make sure to get a stamp card because at $26.95 you want to get ALL your money's worth ;)
2	I've only been to this place twice and I had extremely opposite experiences both times.  The first time I went, it was on a weekday night for dinner with one other person.  We both did the AYCE and the service was fine.  The next time I went was on a Saturday night with a group of about 8 people.  So, unfortunately, this review is going to be based on my second visit.First, we called about 3 hours in advance to see if we could make a reservation.  The person who answered told my friend that they were booked until late that night, then asked how many were in our party.  My friend told her 8 and then she said they only made reservations for parties of 10 or larger, so my friend told her 10, then she asked what time we would like our reservation.  Huh, I thought you were all booked up?Anyway, so when the reservation time came, only 4 of us had shown up on time.  The server was getting anxious and frustrated that the entire party wasn't there (as if that was our fault?).  I understand how the server was feeling as it is a small place, but there was definitely no line of people outside the door waiting to be seated.  Had there been, I'm sure we would have been a lot more understanding.  Plus, he was expressing his frustration to us, which I thought was inappropriate.  This is where it gets good.  We finally had our 8 show up, plus an unexpected 1 after we had given away a two-top table (reserved as part of our initial "10-person" reservation).  The extra person had to share a seat with someone else and was never once offered by the server to grab an extra seat!  We had plenty of room in our area to accomodate this person, but instead, someone from our party had to grab a spare chair himself.  What the heck?!Rolls were slow, but it was busy, so that was somewhat understandable.  I just don't understand how the server was getting so frustrated when we were all doing AYCE and some of us were ordering beers... I feel like he should have been pretty happy knowing that he would be making bank off of us. I would probably venture to say that almost everyone in the group was disappointed with the service and some expressed that by leaving a tip that was appropriate for such service.  The sad part is, the decision to go to this sushi joint was based off of a Yelp recommendation and my previous experience with the place, but only AFTER we had called Oyshi and were told that it was packed.  We probably would have had a better experience waiting at Oyshi!  This is definitely not the level of service I would expect from the same people who own Sushi-Mon.  Not going to be visiting here again any time soon!
3	I honestly don't see the hype. Maybe it's because we didn't have the AYCE but that means it should be better! I expected the three rolls we had to be flavorful because it had good fish choices, salmon, yellowtail and albacore. But in reality it was just eh....The salad was excellent though as well as the sake. So maybe the choice here is AYCE but I don't want to pay $27 to eat everything including rice...........
5	When it comes to "all you can eat" sushi, Goyemon has to be one of the best here in Vegas. Their AYCE menu is pretty extensive which includes a lot of variety. Like most places they say you have a one hour time limit but the waiter was always around if we wanted to order more and believe me we ordered enough to feed a family of four and it was only two of us. First thing on the menu that caught my eye was pork belly. I know most of my reviews mention pork but c'mon "ALL YOU CAN EAT PORK BELLY" I was like a kid in a candy store. The pork is braised to perfect tenderness and lightly grilled for that chard flavor. Another thing that was unique was their Spicy Tuna Fire Cracker. The crunchy texture of the rice and soft spicy tuna tantalizes your taste buds. I tend to order most of the Nigiri sushi and the quality of their fish and seafood is tops! The only thing I would say was "so so" was their deserts with the exception of their lychee sorbet. But its OK by this time I was comatose from all that sushi goodness. I would have to say Goyemon has set the bar pretty high for me when it comes to AYCE sushi.
5	this place is awesome for all you can eat. the sushi is fresh and they have the best home made desserts.
5	My fav sushi spot! nd yuuum their desserts omg!! At 11pm and on they also serve Monta noodles..oh yah!
5	Wow. Great sushi! All you can eat for 26 bucks! Make sure to get your money's worth! I came her with my girlfriend and got AYCE and we got a lot of half rolls and figured the price of the meal would just come out to the price of AYCE. We sat at the sushi bar and had Fredo(?) as our sushi chef. Really cool guy and really friendly. He recommended things to use and everything tasted great. YOU MUST get the grilled cajun salmon! It only comes in a small bit size so order about two for yourself. The chocolate moose was the only desert we tried and it was amazing. Also get the grilled veggies. Whatever butter they put is really tasty!!The server was great too. There's about three that bus the sushi bar and grab drinks and one of them takes your order that doesn't get made by the sushi chefs. Super quick service!If you do AYCE 10 times you get the 11th free!Oh and a Sunday night the wait was about 45 minutes for two people. The place is small and super packed. Make sure to say you will sit in either a booth or table so if either opens up you'll get seated faster
4	Recommended by a Vegas Local, for a AYCE sushi place, it's the best I've had. Though a bit more expensive than I'm use to for a buffet (~$26 a person), the sushi was tasted fresh.   They do limit you (not sure if the limit is 1 or 2, don't remember) on Uni Nigiri sushi and Sweet Shrimp.  They did not charge me extra for requesting a Quail egg on top of Masago and Tobiko Sushi.
5	Goyemon is one of my favorite AYCE sushi place. I was big fan of Sushimon and after they opened Goyemon I go to goyemon almost every week.  Always ask for "today's special" They have Kobe beef sushi, Toro, anago and many other things for today's special and it is different everyday.If you prefer fast service I recommend you seat at the bar.Great nigiri sushi quality with fresh fish.
5	Very very good sushi. All you can eat for $26 makes this place an amazing deal. If you take a trip to Vegas make a detour from the strip its well worth it!
4	All you can eat sushi may make most people think of sub-par sushi rolls. But this place really delivers! My husband and I were in Vegas for our Honeymoon and decided to give it a try.  I'd definitely go again if I ever find myself in Vegas. For $26 how can you go wrong?
5	This place is AWESOME! I was so impressed with the freshness and variety they offer for their AYCE menu. I would definitely go to this place over Sushi Mon for their AYCE. They have variety of gourmet desserts and special rolls. Best place in Las Vegas for AYCE sushi.  It's a tiny place but the staff was very friendly and our food came very quick as we ordered more as we ate. Great Place!
2	Maybe I was expecting too much from this place after all the great reviews, but my dining experience was far from spectacular. Service was all right, but the rolls and and sides I had were a second class version of sushi mon's. I mean, I get it they are owned by the same people but I expected more than just a bigger, newer location.
5	The Husband and I have been anxious awaiting our turn to check out this newly popular AYCE sushi joint in the southwest part of town and we finally got a chance last week!  (After all, this location once housed Sushi Hana and SHIN Yakitori.)Open only for dinner from 5:00 pm to 3:00 am, we made it our mission to be waiting when the doors open.  We weren't the only ones on a Sunday night to think of this, but were definitely glad we did.Beyond the standard sushi rolls and sushi, what makes Sushi House Goyemon a star higher than others?  These were noteworthy in my book:* Specials board: Oh my goodness!  This is what got me!  They had off the standard menu fish like bonito, kampachi, sardines, and yuzu tobiko that were included in AYCE.  That was definitely a highlight in my book!  Loving the yuzu tobiko!* Pork Belly - Yes, everyone talks about it and it's good stuff.  We love pork belly - we have marinated cooked pork belly sitting in our freezer ready to throw into the rice cooker at a moment's notice.  We love pork belly.  Sure, the portion is a meager two pieces at a time, but it's AYCE, so order up more!* Shoyu Ramen is included in AYCE after 11 pm.  Sure, we missed this, but it got the Husband all excited with the possibility of it.  (Why someone would want to fill their belly with ramen and soup during an AYCE sushi fest is beyond me.)* Dessert included, as in ALL the desserts are included!  I've been to other AYCE sushi joints that may or may not included AYCE ice cream, but they not only have a few ice cream flavors, but four different desserts to choose from.  Uh, score a point there!  We tried them all - Green Tea Cake, Chocolate Mousse, Plum Wine Jelly, and Green Tea Creme Brulee.* Hot or Iced Green Tea is included.So, what's with all the mixed reviews?  The major problem here is service.  I read over the recent reviews and took note of the declining service and definitely can attest to what the other yelpers are complaining about.  We were lucky that Chizuru was our primary waitress because she is stellar.  And the rest of the staff, that's the problem.  From the moment we walked in and said party of four and one highchair, the hostess/waitress totally forgot to bring a highchair.  Other staff people were just not attentive, as I was often seen waving my arms around to get their attention.  Waiters who refill your beverages should really put your glass back in front of you, not at the other end of the table and watch you struggle to reach across to get it.  There are just some people who are just really good at restaurant service and others that could use some improvementNonetheless, we've been gone so long from the AYCE world that we are happy to go back.  Yeah, we'll be back this week!4.5 stars.They offer a frequent eater card, which is always nice.  Looks like they are related to Sushi Mon and Monta Ramen as well.  Good to know!They also take reservations for their party room from 10-20 people.  Last seating for AYCE is 2:00 am!
5	Came as a direct result of the fantastic yelp reviews and without a reservation.  Four of us had to wait about 45 minutes--but it was WELL worth it.  ~$27 for all-you-can-eat sushi is a deal in and of itself, but what makes this place remarkable are the sushi chefs behind the bar.  The chef asked us what we liked/what we didn't like and took it from there--bringing course after course of some of the most interesting, varied, and DELICIOUS sushi I've ever tried--rolls and nigiri--until we said stop.Do yourself a favor and take the $15 cab ride from your hotel on the strip to this restaurant and you will not be disappointed.
5	A new favorit spot of mine, all you can eat as well! The food here is awesome! The service is also good. For our group our favorite is the grilled pork belly. Thats is hands down awesome along with the mahalo roll! Get choke parking and its not hard to find. You might find yourself waiting as there usually is a wait due to its small size but totally worth it. They also have a sectioned off area for bigger parties so make sure you reserve or have someone go a little early to resere the tables.
4	Freshness of fish is there; but the quality of sushi is not quite there.The rice shouldn't be breaking apart when you pick it up with fork or fingers.  Their special was the toro when I went... but it definitely wasn't the real thing.  It was chopped and stuffed as a maki roll, but was definitely mixed or wasn't the real thing. However, I give it 4 stars for the service from the kitchen.  Very good meal for the price. I would start with this place before Yama.
5	This place has the hands down best uni i have ever tasted in my life!! + sushi melts in your mouth. So fresh at the perfect temperature. I fell in love with their sushi so much that i still cant forget the taste.. the first place i am headed when i goto vegas :)
4	This is not your typical AYCE Sushi/Japanese restaurant (or at least in my experience, no self serve buffet lines!).  You order off the menu if you go with the AYCE option and there is a lot of menu to go thru.  Other reviewers have gone over items and the great choices.  I've had the chance to go thru about 1/2 the menu (we were a party of 8) and everything was well prepared.  In my last two visits the shari was well prepared and held up to chopsticks and dipping in soy sauce.  However the cooking technique in general is solid and the ingredients quality.Be prepared for a wait as it can be quite busy.  This has become one of company must do's when in LV for events.
4	Here's the deal:$26.95 per person for all you can eat sushi.  It's not one of those typical crappy AYCE places, either.  There's 2 menus full of sushi, apps, salads, skewers, rolls and desserts that you can order from.  Get the super white tuna sushi!  I had the waiter bring me 4 orders. I wouldn't fill up on rolls, stick to sushi/sashimi to get your monies worth.
5	Sat at the sushi bar. Service is excellent and the fish is even better. Some of the best sushi I have had. If you are in Vegas and want sushi, this place is a must.
4	Go here, eat, drink and be merry.Service was amazing.Food was outstanding.Price was right.I will be returning for sure.
5	My first time here, you can either do all you can eat or just order from the menu.  The sushi s great, not your typical sushi all you can eat quality.  Make sure you allow for sometime since this place gets really busy.  The sashimi(hamachi, amaebi, unagi, salmon, tuna) was very fresh.  I am not a fan of uni and we had some and it was amazingly good.  Too bad you are limited on some items.  They have a special menu and great desert menu.  The green tea crem brulee, green tea cheese cake, and green tea cake is a must have.  Actually everything is good here and they have a good selection of drinks as well.  Can't wait to go back to Vegas and stop by Goyemon for their great food.
4	I was invited to eat out by several of my co-workers, all who of which are Japanese.  I first asked if they had eaten at Goyemon prior to our visit, which they confirmed that they had, multiple times.  So that was my first indication that this place wouldn't be too shabby.We arrived at a modestly decorated space with a fifteen minute wait for six people at 1AM on a Friday night.  The interior has mood lighting, with a gorgeous, clean bathroom and an overall generic but pleasant decor.  To get a good sampling of what the restaurant offered, I decided to spend the 26.95 to get the AYCE which isn't just sushi, but included all kitchen food, entrees, and dessert.  That way, if the sushi was mediocre, I could pig out on entrees and kitchen food.  Thankfully, that was not the case as the sushi was pretty good.  I ended up eating a lot of the Americanized rolls which as a whole I generally don't care for, but every once in a while I do end up finding a roll that has a ton of goobledegook on it and enjoying it.  I for one like my sushi to be light and have a distinctly smooth taste to it.  So this place worked for me.  I had two orders of shumai (steamed/fried), gyoza, eight half orders of sushi, 1/2 order of ramen, and Green Tea Cake, the latter of which was my favorite part of the meal.  And yes, you read that prior part right: You can do half orders of sushi, which I loved, since this gave you the ability to a variety of sushi rather than get stuck with a roll that was so-so in your ranking.  In terms of sushi: Sexy Girl, Cynthia, and Dragon all stood out for me.  The only thing I really didn't care for was the service.  It started off fantastic.  Speedy, tons of refills on my iced green tea.  And then, towards the end, I was waiting and waiting and waiting to get a refill of water.  The staff was pleasant, and the food was good, very good for an AYCE.
5	this place rocks.  great sushi, great service.  highly recommend.
5	I've been to my fair share of all you can eat sushi bars, and in general they're run by koreans. This place is not run by koreans, but by japanese people. The quality here is outstanding, and maybe the best quality in a all you can eat sushi bar that I have ever eaten. It's not perfect, I ordered 3 orders of halibut but the owner/chef only gave me one order. Maybe he didn't hear me, or was being sneaky, but it doesn't matter, the food was good. And coming here was a last minute thing for me, you see, I was staying at a friend's place in vegas over the labor day weekend. However, he has a baby and set the airconditioner at 80 degrees when the temp outside was well over 100. I couldn't bare another night so I left his pad, and was driving home, but this place was on the way. I stopped by late night, which is fine, because this place closes at 3 am. The best all you can eat sushi in las vegas.
5	This place is THE BOMB!! An amazing value, good food, and INCREDIBLE service! Very entertaining, too!THE ORDER:Pretty much everything, since we did AYCE.Honestly, I've had much better sushi, but trust me, it was good :)I have never been to a made-to-order AYCE sushi spot, but they hit the nail on the head with this genius way to do AYCE. THE SERVICE:Great! Our sushi chefs were engaging, hilarious, and fast!THe other servers were very attentive with the menu items not front he sushi bar and water refills :)OVERALL:This place effing ROCKS! ..... and they are open until 3am!! SCHWING!I DEF RECOMMEND TO ALL YELPERS!!! I WILL BE BACK!!xo-andrea
1	Absolute TERRIBLE service!  The staff was not friendly and the food took FOREVER to come out. I wouldnt be complaining if there weren't about ten servers just standing and socializing with each other in the back area. When I brought the issue to our server's attention he replied by becoming defensive and saying "it's not my fault".....um, yeah...how about "let me check on your order" or something of that nature. We also did AYCE...my husband and I are usually very good tippers but in this case I felt no tip was deserved at all whatsoever. Needless to say, we will never be returning again. Oh, and yes the food was very good...but the service was bad enough for us not to want to come back....and from reading some of these reviews...looks like we're not the only ones........
4	It was really good, especially Unagi and Seared Salmon! Service is good, prompt and accurate. Mochi icecream for desert was delicious. Sushi-All-You-Can-Eat worth it! Please enjoy it!
3	After reading all the wonderful high-rated reviews, I bookmarked this spot as our final cheat meal for our stay in Vegas during the Olympia 2011 weekend. Hmph...it was not the best idea and here are the reasons why:1. When we got there around 7:45pm, Saturday night, the place was packed...and I mean packed as in it's super small and doesn't have much seating available, so when you include the AYCE option, I can tell why the wait here is always LONG. We waited for over 45 minutes before a table finally decided to get their bootays up and leave. Even though, the waitress was kind enough to offer the 3 of us seating at the bar, we opted to get a regular table and let the bar be available for the couples/singles.2. The AYCE menu is quite confusing. You can't have everything all-you-can-eat...meh?? There were certain items on there were you were only allowed one order per person. So the math did get confusing for me. I'm no bueno with numbers here people!3. FOOD: The pork belly that everyone raved about was MEH for me. The sushi rolls were also A-OK, nothing too crazy besides the nutso 9-11 roll we ordered. That habanero sauce they used on that roll had my mouth feelin like Angelina Jolie for a good 1/2 hour. OMG! The sashimi and fresh fish was very fresh indeed and those orders always came out the quickest. The chicken skewers were...what they were, just chicken skewers with Teriyaki sauce all ova em, again...nothing special there. The ONLY thing I really did enjoy was the AYCE option of DESSERTS! Mmmm, mmm bombalicous! I had 2 of the green tea creme brulees (which were sooooo decadent and perfect) and 1 red bean ice cream, how can you go wrong with anything that has beans in it? Yes, I'm Asian and I love my beany desserts! =P4. SERVICE: It got kinda confusing who our server was. There were some dudes that would come out with our order but didn't take our order and then we had about 3 waiters that did take our orders back & forth. Major minus? Food came out WAY too slow-momo. I know there are only about 3 chefs working, but the place is tiny and I've been to plenty AYCE sushi spots and never had to wait about 15 min between each order. I'm ALWAYS hungry! Especially now since I'm still in precontest season for my fitness competition, so if I'm looking forward to a cheat meal, it better be top notch and the food better come out FAST. Sushi House Goyemon did NOT do this job well.Would I come back? For the desserts? Yes. But even that's not really worth the trip there.P.S. We had to hit up Jean Philippe Patisserie at the ARIA (since it's the only thing open super late and close to our hotel) right after we left this spot cuz my ass was still HUNGRY as EFF!
5	Stop, don't eat breakfast, lunch or any snacks and come here either right when they open or after 8:00 pm and pig out!  It will be worth it.1.  Parking - Very easy, not so crowded strip mall off Decatur between Hacienda and Trop on the west side.2.  Ambiance - Very nice, good sushi that seem to easily seat about 15 or so.  About 9-11 tables, I really did not count.  Party room that is real comfy for about 12 people, yeah, the same 12 that can fit all in one elevator. If you are not one of them, be careful and suck it in!  I like the place and ambiance.3.  Reservations - Only for large parties. If you go during dinner, you will probably wait. We went on a Wednesday at 7:30 for a party of 6 and it was about a 50 minute wait.4.  Service - Pretty darn good, attitude a 5+ and knowledge was same.  If they would explain why some peeps that seemed to just show up and get seated right away , then it would go from pretty darn good to freakin amazing!5.  Food - I am a traditionalist, so they had my favorites that were tasty like Ikura, Uni, Amai-ebi, fried ebi heads, Ikura,  They had all the wild complex rolls that many like to order now and while I don't recall all the names, they were all so very good.  They even made one that my fellow muncher specified and it turned out really great!The people here are great, the food great, the ambiance great. You cannot go wrong.  This place is also the same as Sushi-mon owners, so be sure to have your dining card or keep the receipts for that free meal.....Go for it!  Arigato.
5	Incredible sushi, friendly chefs and wait staff.  I have never seen quality like this at an all you can eat restaurant.
5	We were staying on the Las Vegas strip and were looking for a good sushi place tha t was a good value.  Yelp reviews led us to Sushi House Goyemon that is a few miles away.  We went for the AYCE and it was excellent.  Everything we tried was excellent.  A few of the YELP reviews suggested the pig bellies or something like that, and that was the only item we chose that was one I'd pass up next time. Nice people and great service.
4	Price is little higher than most AYCE sushi places around the valley, but well worth it!  Rice to fish ratio was just right.  Fish was fresh for AYCE.Service was little distant but it was ok.  Get there when they just open or after 8 if you don't want to wait.
5	This is probably my second favorite sushi joint in Las Vegas (I still slightly prefer Sushi Mon).  Goyemon does everything right.  Firstly, they have a vast selection of rolls, the creativity is certainly there.  Additionally, the service is good, the servers were attentive and made sure everyone in my party had their drinks filled at all times.  As far as sheer quality is concerned, I feel that Sushi Mon has the edge.  I hate to make this a comparative review because I'm sure that Goyemon has worked feverishly to create its own image, however, I feel that it's just something I can't help only because I always feel the need to rank restaurants.  It gives me a better sense of where to go, especially if I'm on time constraints.I will give Goyemon the edge on their pricing, which is two dollars less than Sushi Mon's.  Goyemon charges $26,95 for AYCE sushi, which isn't bad in relation to what is charged elsewhere in the city.  Goyemon also allows unlimited dessert orders, which is exciting, especially once you taste the Fried Ice Cream Tempura.  I have no shame in saying I enjoyed three separate orders.  The lychee ice cream was also a highlight of my meal.  Goyemon is a great place to satiate the sushi urge in you.
4	I rolled in late night.. Honestly.. I didn't eat..lol.. but I drank and my friends were hitting the all u cant eat for.. some price.. the goods looked really good. they said it rocked and i was having a great time telling stories and drinking a few pitchers of some nice asian beers on tap.. very cool servers.. sushi chefs were lots of fun.. and the ford.. so i am told.. was really good.. so hit it up!
5	This place rocks! Personally I like this place better than Sushi-Mon, because they have more special rolls available and there are way more desserts to choose from - all of which you can have in the AYCE. Our server was very good, she made awesome suggestions. The pork belly isn't one to miss as well as the Blue Fin tuna sushi which was really fresh. Beware of the 911 roll! Talk about en el fuego! It has habanero chili sauce. Be prepared for a fire in your mouth that lasts about 10-15 minutes. Eating more sushi rice after helps quell the heat but damn, it's a hot one. It was cool to try it though.I am looking forward to my return!
4	I have only been to Sushi House Goyemon for all you can eat, but it is fantastic!  I am usually skeptical of all you can eat sushi since often times the quality and selection will suffer.  This is absolutely not the case at Goyemon.Their nigiri menu is the typical selections, but they have a huge number of very inventive and tasty rolls.  Their version of the 911 roll is the spiciest I have had anywhere since they add habanero pepper as well as the typical chili sauce.Another pleasant surprise for their all you can eat menu is that there are items available from the grill.  I have had the grilled yellowtail and pork belly and both were very tasty.The service has always been good with multiple servers handling each table which makes it go much quicker with a large group doing AYCE.I try to show up before 6 since they get busy for dinner, even for weeknights.
2	I am perplexed by all the 5 star reviews.  As out of towners we just wanted somewhere nearby our work place.   The place was packed and so we had a 30 min wait, no problem, but humorless greeter was downright misog, no smiles all night.  Bad start.  Tofu appetiser with ikkura and condiments was delicious, great tofu.  Hand Scallop Soy roll was badly made, small and not spicy like I asked for.  Edamame overcooked, various rolls including the monster were lack lustre and ingredients just not fresh.  Tuna sashimi was sent back twice.  No alteration to bill was made.  green tea creme bruless, tasty but teeny weeny portion.  Sake was great but for $12 a bottle it should be OK.
5	Food was delicious but the place filled up quickly so be forewarned.  I would have totally done the AYCE but with two kids under 2, it wasn't a possibility.  Service was great too.  Definitely worth more visits next time I'm in LV.
5	Only open for dinner/late night 5 pm - 2 am Specials on a chalk boardSushi chefs that actually like working there and talk to you at the counter and explain everything. INCREDIBLE appetizers that I haven't seen anywhere else (crispy rice tuna is sooo yummy)I love their mahalo roll (spam roll basically) but it's very popular, sometimes I see several rolls of that go out in less then 10 min.  Their desserts are incredible and they don't limit you to just 1.They are ALWAYS packed.  Their fish is definitely very fresh (remember if a place is busy, the fish is actually being served and is fresh, not just sitting there in a fridge waiting for guests to come in) I have been back several times and I HIGHLY recommend this place.
4	Great food...very fresh. Small but quaint place with very reasonable prices. Interesting menu with great desserts  loved the deep fried california roll  They dont take reservations so if you go during prime dinner time, expect a bit of a wait.
5	it's amazingly good and chefs and waiters are so nice! I'm a big eater and had miso soup, seaweed salad, pork belly, 19 sushi and three dessert. You've got to try sweet shrimp, unagi (both are one order per person), yellowtail is so fresh and melting; Salmon eggs with quail egg yolk (forgot it's name) is surprisingly yummy... will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas next time!
1	Not a fan!  We came in because of all the reviews.  Will not go back.  Service lacked, food lacked, quality lacked, atmosphere lacked.
4	If you love sushi mon, then you'll love this place. I mean damn. Now I know a lot of people who hate on sushi mon. They are the "any good sushi place worth a damn is not going to be all you can eat"...whatever, get your hoity toity ass out of here. If it's good to you it's good the theory is simple. Anyway, Goyemon, is Sushi Mon on steroids. They have the same rolls/dishes/nigiri, etc. but with several added new dishes, more individual sushi bar space and it definitely hits the late night spot especially since they don't close until 3am. Generally my visits go like this: Pork Belly with a little mango salsa on the side you say? Mmm yes please. I'll take 10 more plates. More Cajun albacore rolls...Um of course. Oh and what is this? All I can eat Tonkotsu Ramen after 11? Why no, no I don't mind going Kobayashi on this place. Wait? What?  No, I can't read so I don't know about any time limit on eating....love it
4	My favorite AYCE sushi restaurant. I would recommend to come early to avoid the long line.Since they told me that they will have Blue Fin Tuna Cutting Show on 10/21, I'll go there and have AYCE blue fin tuna & sake tasting because they are my favorites!
5	I was afraid of the possible crowding, but it wasn't too bad on a weekday night (or maybe it's because I got here late and my friends were already waiting). I mostly followed their lead, and they ordered a ton of nigiri. I don't remember too much that was distinctive, but it was definitely good quality overall. One did stick out, however: the super white tuna. Wow, so good that it made scallop seem really bland when I went back to the scallop later.The sweet shrimp was pretty nice as well.If your mind is set on just sushi, you're missing out. After reading all the rave reviews on Yelp, I went for the pork belly. Boy, they weren't lying. It's very tender and very savory, and the little bit of tomato and (mango?) they put on the side complement the flavor very well. I could probably have eaten it all night...I had to try at least one roll, so I went for the sexy girl. Pretty appropriate order for Vegas, right? It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was quite good and also quite a mouthful. I guess I might skip out on the rolls next time at the risk of killing my momentum again.The best and worst part of the night: I don't even remember reading about chocolate mousse while getting my Yelp scouting report, but that dessert is ridiculously good. Great creamy texture, great chocolate flavor, great complementary crunchy texture from the gold-colored flakes. The green tea creme brulee was good but definitely not as special, and unfortunately I didn't get to too many of the other desserts.I'd love to go again if it weren't so expensive. Maybe I'll eat super cheap stuff for a few months and justify another trip...
4	2 HOURS WAIT. Not a lot of tables, especially for large parties. We were staring down this couple with 2 kids, both under 6. My friend (a cop) kept going back & forth to the hostess like 4 times. "You're next, you're next." Sorry, but we were starving! (LOL!)Why endure the ridiculous wait? Because of the all-you-can-eat-sushi for the ridiculous low price of $30/per person. Worth it? Yeah. Sushi: Good. Service: Fast. Strategy for next time: Arrive right when it opens. Otherwise, bring a deck of cards in case you do have to wait....
4	Went on a Sunday. There weren't any tables, but plenty of room at the bar. My dining companion and I both got the AYCE, which I think is a steller price for the quality of food here. My dining companion knew one of the chefs and asked for an "omakase" -- whatever was good as picked by the chef. I'm not sure exactly all what we had, but wow it was good! They also have "side dishes" -- things like grilled pork belly and this really delicious rice cracker thing. This is definitly a place I would like to go to again.
5	This place is great. The rice to fish ratio is insane! If you are a sushi lover like me you know what I mean. The shoyu ramen is really good and its also included in the all you can eat. The grilled pork belly is also a nice addition to the AYCE. This place is the same owners as sushi mon on maryland pkwy, so you can use the same stamp card at either location. I must say that Goyemon is so much better. I have gotten to know alot of the workers there because some of them are from sushi mon.  I think that the service is top notch and the sushi is even better!!!! Give then a try and you wont be sorry. Just and FYI the shoyu ramen is not available until after 11pm on the AYCE... It does get crowded so try to get there early but this place is really worth the wait... enjoy
4	I was there with some friends on blue fin tuna night last week and everyone had a blast. It was $25 per person for admission with all you can eat. There was one giant blue fin tuna weighted 300 pounds sitting on table. Sushi chef cut it into pieces in front of crowd and served as sashimi, There were sake tasting bar, beer open bar and live DJ. The tuna sashimi was so fresh and melt inside your mouth. And of course, the best part was "otoro"! It was the best worth $25 dollars I spent in sushi.
3	Seemed to have a nice selection of fish. I did notice a somewhat fishy smell upon entering but not in the taste of the fish, though I had only the spicy tuna this time around. The seaweed salad was easily double the size of most, enough to bring me back at least one more time to try out some rolls.
5	This is the best kept secret in Las Vegas. There are plenty of "all you can eat" sushi places but this is the best and easiest in town. There are plenty of choices and half orders available. It is open late for after the show crowds. The best tip is eat at the bar, as the chefs explain sushi and make great suggestions that you cannot get at the tables.
4	High Quality AYCE, or all you can eat, is the holy grail for food lovers.  Sushi House Goyemon, with it's top notch selection of nigiri, sushi rolls, and cooked platters is Vegas' answer to this call. We went on a weekday night and following Yelp advice arrived early.  Good thing too.  Even though it was a mid week dinner, the place filled to capacity and soon there were people waiting.We were lucky and snagged a seat at the sushi bar, where many regulars sit.  The nigiri comes out quickly and you can place orders directly with the sushi chef instead of flagging their busy wait staff. Nigiri - very good nigiri especially for AYCE. Highlights were bonito, the super white tuna, conch, uni, and amaebi.  Cons are that you are limited to only one order per person for uni and hotate.  Still though, loved the fresh cuts, minimal rice used (ie: no filler) and great selection.  Oahu's Hakone with unlimited toro, uni, and amaebi may rank higher but this place has good nigiri.  A steal. Sushi rolls - a variety of baked, fried, and fresh rolls are available and you can even order half orders.  Win. Cooked dishes - after hearing so much about the pork belly, I admit I was disappointed by that dish and the cooked dishes here.  No agedashi tofu, no chawan mushi, and they ran out of hamachi and salmon kama.  Appetizers - really enjoyed the seafood salad, poke tuna, and surf clam salad.  Overall, we had a great meal at Sushi Goyemon.  At $26.95, it's an incredible value if you love nigiri.  The izakaya dishes are lacking but the desserts were great.  Sushi House Goyemon accepts credit cards, including Amex.My Buffet Rankings:1) Westin at the Bund, Shanghai - $60/person and an excellent selection of sashimi, seafood, roasted suckling pig and fresh hand tossed Chinese noodles.  2) Hakone - all-you-can eat toro, uni, kobe beef, and amaebi, $60/pp.  3) Sushi House Goyemon - truly great nigiri, many great appetizers, and desserts and an unbelievable price, $26/pp4) Navio at The Ritz Carlton - only down a slot secondary to the astronomical price ($88/price) but made up for with a spectacular view, top notch service and great food.5) Bellagio, Las Vegas - congee, prime rib, shrimp/crab
4	I have tried both take-out and the AYCE.  Both were great and reasonably priced for the quality.  The fish was very fresh and the sushi chefs were entertaining and friendly.  I will definitely be going back to this little place.  Definitely worth a visit but plan carefully because there is usually a wait because the place is so small.
4	All you can eat sushi in Las Vegas... What are we getting ourselves into?  As it turns out, you can opt to pay a set price for a meal then order what you want from the set price menu. A few of the pricier items, such as uni, are limited to one order per person. Items include Nigeria sushi, rolls, salads, cooked items and more. The quality was excellent. The service fast and friendly.  Sit at the sushi bar and you may find the chef feeding you treats. And... Get the pork belly appetizer. I'll definitely come back here. Now open for lunch and stays open until 3 am.
4	Waited almost an hour for our table but it was definitely worth it! The AYCE selection is definitely different from the others that I've tried but in a good way. Must-trys would be: Yellowtail, Super White Tuna, Pork Belly, and Wonton Chips. I'm not a big fan of rolls but I did like the Baked 428. Two items I didn't like were the Orgasm Salad (lacked flavor) and the Dynamite (came out cold, didn't taste very good). When it was time for dessert I was already stuffed, but I was curious about the Lychee Sorbet. It was very sweet but other than that it was okay. Fulfilled my expectations of what a lychee sorbet would taste like.Overall, 4.5 stars! I will definitely be coming back here again.
4	First time we went there, we were sat on the bar so we got our sushi pretty fast. And the chef that was serving us was really friendly and welcomed us great. OF COURSE, WE GOT ALL YOU CAN EAT so it didnt matter how much sushi we got . and the chef was making us all kind of sushi :D it was great. we discovered sushis we didnt even know about and we eat sushi every month. BOMB, GREAT STAFF, and expect the noise. its a really small place so everything echos .
5	Let's keep this short and too the point.  THIS PLACE IS LEGIT!AYCE sushi.  It includes appetizer, dessert and grilled meats. The fish is fresh and the menu is huge.  Your favorite roll is bound to show up.  Everyone talks about the wonton chips, but it was just regular.  The true jems are the Pork belly, super white tuna, and mochi ice cream! :PExpect a wait, but it is worth it!  Will definitely be going back here when i'm in vegas again
5	best all you can eat sushi.and this location is better than the other sushi mon restaurant.the ambiance is nicer and so are the servers.and of course, the sushi is YUM! fresh and good price too (:there is a bit of a wait but most definitely worth it!!!this is one of the places we always stop by when we go to veags!
5	Ate here at the sushi bar and got treated excellent with my girlfriend. Attentive cooks that offered suggestions and even just handed us food (We were doing AYCE... keep it flowing!)Sat quickly, food came fast and delicious, TV's to watch the games. All in all a perfect night. Favorite roll was the Sexy Girl, and the crab dip chip thing was also banging (plus the waiters brought extra crab dip when we asked! Thanks!)
5	Normally when I hear "all you can eat" sushi, I'm a little skeptical on the quality of sushi however this place went above and beyond my expectations. Every time I go here I always get the all you can eat option and  the price is really not bad at all. The sushi itself is really fresh the quality of the fish is pretty good. I like to order the uni, ama ebi (sweet shrimp), snapper, and halibut sushi. Also on the menu is the grilled yellow tail collar. Add a squeeze of lemon and voila it's ready for my taste buds. There is also a plethora of specialty sushi rolls on their menu with cool and funky names.  The appetizers and desserts are also included in the all you can eat option so I have to have the deep fried oysters (which are always fresh and deep fried to perfection), seaweed salad, and edamame.  As for the desserts they are all pretty good. Not being a sweet tooth I have to say the dessert options were better than I expected and not too sweet either.
5	One of the best AYCE sushi places I've been to. The AYCE selection is awesome and much more diverse than other AYCE sushi places i've been to. One of my favorite dishes is actually the braised pork belly (not sushi but...it's still good). They have daily specials that change and are also included in the AYCE too. The sushi chefs are friendly and engage in conversation if you're the type to chat it up. The fish here is quite fresh and the chefs don't give too much rice in the nigiri. The dessert selection is pretty good too. Ice Cream mochi, Lychee ice cream, tempura ice cream, and other desserts. When I came here 2 weeks ago they had a pumpkin mousse for fall season. I'll def. be coming here more often
5	I was going through and cleaning up my bookmarks when I came across another review I somehow missed. *Gasp* For Goyemon of all places!You can probably already guess that I love this place. Vegas has a sea of sushi spots, so I imagine it's hard to stand out and really impress. Somehow, Goyemon manages to do so. It's hard to explain, but I think it's just the intangibles that put Goyemon in a special place in my sushi-loving heart.OK so the truth is that I've only been here twice. But both times were with a large group of fantastic friends. So maybe that has something to do with it. Both times were in the private room off to the side and we had reservations, so I've never had to wait for a table. And most importantly, both times, the sushi was top notch.My favorite memory of this place was when my cousin and I decided to order every single nigiri item on their AYCE menu. Yep. We simply told the server, "1 through 27." Doesn't get any easier than that! They brought out our nigiri in batches of 9 pairs. It was like nigiri heaven. Probably the only negative I can even think of is that they don't have tobiko. I need my tobiko with quail egg! Oh well. Masago with quail egg works too.Goyemon also has a good selection of non-sushi items. Did someone say pork belly? Don't mind if I do. And their dessert. Maybe I should have started the review with dessert. Hands down, Goyemon has the best selection of any AYCE in town--lychee sorbet, plum wine jelly, tempura ice cream, and much more. And you can have as much as you want! That's certifiably insane.
2	Lowest quality of any AYCE sushi restaurant I've ever experienced in Vegas.  I expect previously frozen, gassed fish at any AYCE place but not color added fish.   Unless I missed a new trend in genetic engineering, there is no such thing as bright fuchsia colored tuna or brilliant orange salmon.  What's worse is many items (tuna, hamachi, salmon, shrimp) have a dry, rubbery texture as if it was previously frozen and thawed using tap water.The rice is seasoned well but is so compacted, it's the densest sushi I've ever had.Decent creativity but by the end of the meal, I never wanted to hear "yum yum sauce" again.  This mayo based concoction is slathered on almost everything.  Cloying and fatty, even hot tea can't cut its mouth grip.Service was OK, I mean I did get a menu, water, food, and the check but with every additional order, I felt less like a welcome guest and more like a theif hacking away at the profit.Maybe a bad night?  I doubt it. The fundamentals are wrong.  Not worth it considering how many better AYCE restaurants dot Vegas.
5	Just in....OPEN DURING LUNCH for AYCE NOW!!!!! I can now happily go into food coma for the rest of my afternoon work day!  Good quality fish for an AYCE and they don't pack the nigiri with big blocks of rice....but no sashimi available here.  I honestly don't know much about the rolls...since I tend to be a pure fish lover....versus the cream cheese/avocado/mayo/etc mixed into the rolls. My favorite nigiri is the salmon belly, white tuna, unagi, and toro...don't forget to check out the blackboard near the cash register...it has the specials for the day!Similar menu to Sushi Mon off Maryland Pkwy...with the exception of special dishes like the spicy tuna rice cracker and the seared pork belly....I literally will eat 2-3 orders on my own to the disgust of those around me...but I think buffets should definitely be a no judgment zone .....I will gladly admit I wear my "elastic band pants" for all you can eats...don't want any buttons holding me back =)Dessert is awesome with selections of tofu cheesecake, green tea creme brulee, green tea cake, red bean/green tea ice cream, mochi ice cream.Only minor complaint...some items have been "unavailable"...specifically  the lychee sorbet and the yellow tail collar which is succulent morsels of fish with ponzu suace, A MUST TRY that is if they have it....so maybe leaning towards a 4 star rating compared to the first time I went there....due to some missing items.
5	This is my go to sushi house out of all the other AYCE sushi places that I've been to in Vegas.  The quality of the fish is so good, I actually don't even bother with the rolls and tend just to get nigiri.  Be warned, this place does get extremely busy at night, so if you're coming in with a party, be warned you're probably going to have to wait for a bit.Non-sushi wise, I also like pretty much everything that comes off their grill.  The cajun salmon is just delicious, excellently spiced with just a little bit of kick from the pepper.  You can't go wrong with the pork belly either, it's just a rich piece of meat with really good and smooth flavors.  It usually has a great mouth feel to it as well.  And finally, the super white tuna, it's just delicious, little sweet, but very well balanced.Now for the chili-heads out there, this place can hook you up if you want some heat.  The 9-1-1 roll can definitely get your taste buds going, and if you want it spicier, just tell them to add more of the habanero sauce.  They can also kick most of their rolls up another notch if you ask them too.
4	I've been to a lot of AYCE(All You Can Eat) spots in Vegas but Goyemon seems to take the cake. The place has a very cool  decor to it.  When you ask for AYCE they bring a menu specifically for that.Nothing highlighted or marked with an  asterisk like most places do. They have a very large selection of rolls and unique appetizers.  Last but not least if your a night owl this place stays open till 3am.
5	All you can eat for 1 hour.  1 thing is, don't leave any left overs.  Great place overall.  Not to big so get here early and expect to wait if your late.
5	One of the BEST AYCE sushi places I've ever been to.  Really good quality and the best part is all the different desserts and cooked foods you can order w/ AYCE on top of all the made-to-order sushi.  My wife can't stop talking about this place and we make sure to always stop by when we're in town.
4	You would think that you should be physically and emotionally prepared for gastrointestinal armageddon when presented with all you can eat sushi in the middle of the desert, but not so!  Heck this place beats the socks off of some sushi places in San Francisco, but I digress...Overall, the sashimi was of pretty good quality all things considered.  They even have uni and amaebi (1 order per person) and it didn't suck!  Some of the rolls and nigiri were somewhat sloppily prepared, but then again, it's Las Vegas, not Japan, right?  What was also great was that they also had grilled pork belly and other dishes on the menu that were AYCE - not just sushi.   Service was great; our waitress was attentive and very friendly (and even encouraging us to order more).  Reservations are definitely needed for larger parties, but I'd make a reservation anyways to make sure you take full advantage of this diamond in the Las Vegas rough!!
4	I have returned to this sushi house again and again.  I usually don't like do all you can eat but this place is an exceptional.   The rolls aren't the best but very decent, the rice filling could be a little too thick but depends on who your sushi chef is.  I love the super white tuna.  The quality and freshness of the food is excellent.This place gets very busy, the longest wait I had was one hour, but it was worth it.  However, you gotta keep eating otherwise the hostess Maria will ask you to leave!The desserts are bit generic but included in the all you can eat.Overall, I give a 4 out of 5 for a satisfactory dinning experience.
4	I have to admit that this place is worth the hype. Now, I'm not a fan of AYCE dining in general, much less when there's raw fish involved.  However, if you're not a sushi snob (cause let's face it, if you're looking for bargain fish you ain't gettin unlimited A-grade stuff) and hate spending $18 per roll (I'm looking at you, Yellowtail @ Bellagio), then this may be the place for you. Take my advice and take a look at the pics on Yelp before you go so you have an idea of the first few things you'd like to try.  I didn't and went into panic mode when it came time to ordering.  Nothing's worse than sitting at the sushi bar and furiously scanning the double-sided menu and going, "....ummm....uh....er....." while the uber-busy sushi chef is waiting for you to respond.  I have to admit that after a while I just stuck to ordering whatever the stranger next to me ordered, cause he seemed like a regular. Thanks random stranger for not calling me out on copying your style!  You were right on point with the sashimi salad.
5	best quality AYCE sushi place we have been to anywhere so far. in terms of variety, portion, quality, and selection it is excellent. and quality is as good as some a la carte sushi places. on my next trip to vegas i will go back for sure. just be warned like others have said here that there can be quite a wait at night if you have a large group but it is worth the wait.
5	All you can eat sushi, but at a limit of one hour, it took that long to get our first order!  The sushi was fresh, very good flavors, but this place was way over booked and with limit, felt rushed to eat.  I don't know if it's worth a return trip, there are a lot of very good sushi places that don't rush you, and I think it's over hyped.
3	In agreement with other reviewers, AYCE was good. (Solidly good, not rave-about-it-great). Service was, however, great. The two rolls that stood out to me were the Ecstasy roll and the Pixie Roll, the latter is from a super-special section of the menu from which you can only order one of the five options. That's it. One. AYCE with rules, of course. Always with the rules...Two things I liked is that they offer half-rolls or whole rolls. And, when I asked for "easy rice" aka "diet rice," they definitely accommodated. Pass on the tempura ice cream. Very meh.We had a 1:30 lunch, and there was no wait, so nice and low-key, with prompt and observant service. $22 for lunch AYCE.
4	This place is great.  I love that they are open late, and the all you can eat deal is really worth it.  The sushi is good, the desserts are REALLY good, and the atmosphere is really casual and friendly.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I do not have enough good thing to say about this place. From the moment we walked in we felt like we were apart of their little sushi family. We sat at the bar and were greeted by teo of the coolest sushi chefs ive come across... well ever! Hiro and Tony ( I hope i got the speeling right). I wish I could name some of the highlights of our meal but I couldnt even tell you because they just kept handing us different things to try. I do recommend the pork belly if you are not on any type of diet and could care less about your arteries, and the wonton chip dish was awesome. Wouldnt have minded it being a tad more spicy. Overall the fish tasted fresh and delicious. The highlight of my sushi meal is that you can order everything in 1/2. The smaller the dish the more I can try! Last but not least we tried the chocolate mousse for dessert which was of course amazing and I left this place fat and happy. Now if only it was closer to home I would be there all the time.
2	Food -- was ok, all sushi, no sashimi, no oyster.  For the sweet shrimp and sea urchin, limited one order per person.  And they make you either finish all the food (all rice) or they would charge you back by piece.Price -- $27 sounds like average price but they went out of sea urchin, which is the most expensive item on the all you can eat menu.  Sweet shrimp was great but only one order per person.  They charged kids the same price as adult.Service --  was a busy night so they all got some attitude.  We were upset for the wait, we make reservation but got there 45 mins early.  They would just hold the emtpy table and kept us waiting outside for 45 mins. Come on...
4	Like tons of yelpers have said this place gets packed and usually has a wait for a seat.I went on Wed before Thanksgiving late night around 11pm and the place was packed. We waited around 30min to get seated at the sushi bar. The place is fairly small, I would say it holds around 50 people in the main area max.The selection of sushi was good and most of it was very fresh. For some reason the tuna didn't taste fresh to me. (or maybe it was just me). The sushi chefs were very friendly, Chef Hiro I believe who is the head chef was really nice to us and encouraged us to eat as much as we could. They were not strict on the 1 hour time limit which was really nice, you didn't have to rush. I ate ton of sushi but probably got filled on many of the appetizers that they offer. The pork belly everyone talks about is very good, melts in your mouth with flavor. I didn't really try any rolls since I prefer nigiri. The only roll I tried was a special of the day which was a spicy tuna roll with teri beef on top that was okay. The uni and quail egg was good, I was surprised by the quality of the uni they used since many all you can eat sushi bars use very low grade, you can tell by the color of the uni. Theirs was bright orange. I also like the fact that they do have real snow crab nigiri not the imitation stuff most places use.Overall my experience was very good and will definitely go again when in Vegas...The experience for dinner costed me about $35 plus which includes tip and tax for the all you can eat. The service was also very good.
5	AYCE Japanese Cuisine - Best in town and the best menu served. Hubby and I thoroughly ENJOYED this place and cannot wait to go back again! Girilled White Fish Miso, Hamachi collar, all of the sushi...all super good food.
5	I've been here twice because I love it!!! I love all you can eat, and I love sushi so it's a real no-brainer. For $28 for the all-you-can-eat, it's not a bad value.
2	I'm an AYCE Sushi King out here in Las Vegas! My palette deserves nothing but the best! I hate to sound snobbish because far from that when it comes to food, but I know my sushi and this review will reflect the entire experience I shared with friends of mine.I heard about this place from a few friends already and I wanted to give it a go because like I said, I am the AYCE Sushi King! I had to try it to measure it up to my favorite in the Valley. After a marathon, i left the decision of food to a good friend of mine, and I had great expectations because I believe in her taste. Now, mind you, it would all be our first time, but I was down! There's such a thing called hungry eyes and I don't mean Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing and my eyes were not satisfied let alone my royal palette ;) I start off by warming up my stomach with my usual orders of nigiri (fresh water eel, salmon, and Cajun albacore), seaweed salad, and green mussels! The preliminary order had satisfactory flavor, but I did notice that they put very little rice! I liked that part! I noticed that the friends I was with was not very happy with their service and that took a toll on my experience. I believe a restaurant MUST understand how to treat and serve their patrons well FIRST and then deliver with high quality food or products! However, service seemed to be at the bottom of their priorities; at least for us it was.If my friends aren't happy, I'm not happy. And when I'm not happy, you get 2 stars! 1 for being open during lunch and 2 for having an AYCE sushi during lunch for $21.95. The sushi was subpar, the appetizers were decent but not wow, and the atmosphere was not as welcoming or friendly as others in the Valley. They do have a cool sword in the men's restroom though! :) I will probably end up coming here one more time because I love AYCE sushi, but I'm leaning more towards avoiding this place. On to the next, on, on to the next one!
5	I checked Yelp for a good Sushi place in Vegas and ended up here after reading the reviews, Good Choice! The food was great, tasty original rolls, very fresh fish and yummy appetizers, all you want for $26.95? Sold!!!! The chefs were fun and made several special things for us to try that weren't on the menu, we had a party of 4 and were seated promptly at the bar next to a couple from So Cal who found it on Yelp as well. Thanks for the spot on recommendation Yelpers!!! We will be back.
5	I just had the absolute Best AYCE  experience EVER! I wasn't sure what to order, the sushi chef (and I mean chef when I say it) Tony took over and everthing he gave me was perfect. I don't often get blown away by inexpensive places, but this place is without a doubt an experience I will not soon forget. Thank you Tony, I will be back very soon; hopefully with a hot Vegas girl next time!
4	Unlike my friend Aljamin who posted below, I had a great time at Sushi House Goyemon. I've had this place in my bookmarks since May but never had the time to actually go and try it out. This was my first visit and I ALWAYS judge the sushi on their tamago nigiri. It was HEAVENLY. I striked up a conversation with our waitress in Japanese and she explained to me that their tamago was made using a family recipe. She even gave me the option of just getting the tamago without rice. (Which I did and it was amazing!)The sushi rolls were pretty good, it being my first time, I didn't really know what to get and had to check their website for picture references. I would have given this place a 5 star rating if the rolls didn't come out so slow, but I had a very pleasant experience!
4	4.5 starsDined here for the first time tonight with the family, and I gotta say this place trumps sushi mon as the best AYCE sushi joint in Las Vegas. And that's saying a lot, because I've been been a big fan and a regular of Sushi Mon for the past six years. However, at the end of the night, I get a stamp card (buy 10 ACYEs and get one free), and it has Sushi Mon's  E. Sahara location on it as well. I came to the conclusion that Sushi House Goyemon has the same owner?I was impressed with the quality of the fish and the relatively small portion of rice that came with the nigiri. Many ACYE places give huge portions of rice and miniscule pieces of fish. I may be exaggerating a bit, but you know what i mean. The ploy of most of these places is to get you full quicker by giving you bigger chunks of rice. Not at Goyemon.Some of my highlights:-Uni nigiri (very fresh)-Since I'm a huge fan of spicy tuna, I have to try every sushi joint's spicy tuna roll. The spicy tuna had a tarty/sour kick to it giving it a very exotic flavor, which I thoroughly enjoyed-Crispy Rice Roll (Fried Cali Roll with spicy tuna on top drizzled with eel sauce and spicy mayo)- Seared tuna (perfectly seared and very fresh tuna)- Hirame sushi (delicate, melted in my mouth)- Green Tea Cake (creamy and not too sweet)- Lychee ice cream (Heaven)I deducted 0.5 stars, because we had to wait about 15-20 minutes for the rest of our sushi and rolls to come out. However, the restaurant was packed, so it was understandable. Our waitress apologized to us several times. (She was also very nice and pretty :)
5	OMG! This place is awesome...my husband and I were visiting Vegas for work and wanted to eat some good sushi and based on the reviews here, we decided to check this place out...the service was amazing top notch.. Really. I never went to an all you can eat sushi and chefs and waitresses tell you to try everything and this and that... I first thought those items are extra charge since they were asking constantly. But, man this place is great... The fish, the dishes were fresh and tasty... Everyone was so friendly and fun.. Definitely coming back the next time...
4	great price and taste
5	Our 30 min wait turned into a 45 min wait but this was a sign that the food was so good they were staying longer than the 60 min max. the service was fast and the fish was fresh. the uni and sweet shrimp was very fresh and tasty. I enjoyed the ecstacy roll and the Jala-Jala roll. the nigiri were the right size, not too much rice, just enough to compliment the fresh slice of fish. for desert we had green tea ice cream and green tea creme brule both of which complimented each other. I think I have found my new favorite all you can eat sushi spot in Las Vegas!
1	My wife and I stopped in for dinner and we both were less then pleased with both the food and service. The salmon skin rolls were horrible and my wife could not even eat two. The nigiri looked as if a first time sushi maker made them the cut of the fish was a joke. I would avoid this place at all cost as the price does not match the quality.
5	When I heard that Sushi Mon had another place open in Vegas, I had to go try it! I am so thankful they were open Christmas day and that they are now open for lunch too! I've been craving AYCE sushi for months, so after getting some hot green tea, we got down to business and ordered:Nigiri: tuna, garlic tuna, seared tuna, super white tuna (3 orders), yellowtail, salmon albacore, cajun albacore, halibut, and unagi (2 orders)Regular rolls: Full order of the cut fresh water eel roll and salmon skin roll Special rolls: Half orders of the Orion roll, another special roll whose name I forgot and O.I.D. baked rollAppetizers: edamame, miso soup, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura (2 orders), steamed gyoza, and yakitoriDessert: green tea ice cream and lychee sorbet (always order the two together...you won't regret it!)I was slightly disappointed that the nigiri took a while to come out as I had placed most of the order all at once. Then again, I think it's to make sure we don't order more!! The nigiri was damn good, though the rice was a little dry and the super white tuna started to taste buttery during the second and third helping. I also noticed that the nigiri, towards the end of our meal, started to get narrower and smaller. The O.I.D. baked roll was very delicious and I recommend the half order for those who want to try a variety of rolls without getting full from eating 8 pieces of it. The tempura wasn't heavily fried, which I enjoyed, especially the onion ring, since you can really taste the freshness with each bite. You can tell the gyoza was not from the freezer section, so you have to make up for the 2 pieces that come with each order by ordering more. The yakitori didn't have a lot of flavor in it and for a chicken skewer, was quite chewy.Service was excellent, though as it got busier after 12:30 pm, you can tell the servers were starting to get overwhelmed. We had placed our last order in of the vegetable tempura, yakitori, miso soup, and the green tea ice cream and other than the miso soup, it took over 20 minutes to get everything else. I mean, you can easily scoop out the ice cream from the container -- not sure why it would take that long. We also had to remind them of our order since we were getting scared that they forgot to put it in. It's been three days and I am already itching to go back for more AYCE sushi. Stamp cards for frequent diners are also available, but keep in mind that the stamps are only good for one year (from original first stamp on card).
4	Been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. I recommend going for dinner because there are some items you can't order for lunch (especially the good stuff). The wait here is pretty long if you have a huge group. Their fish is really fresh and delicious.My top favorites:Pork Belly (sooo good! def have to order this)Grilled Salmon CollarYellowtail CollarNigiri:Super White TunaSalmonYellowtailAlbacoreSmelt EggSweet Shrimp (you can only order this once. I def recommend asking them for the shrimp's fried heads!)Sea Urchin (you can only order this once as well)Special Rolls:Ecstacy Roll ;)Jala JalaHurricaneFrying Jason*you can order half orders (4 pieces instead of 8) so you have room to try their other rolls.Dessert:I usually just order all of their dessert. :p But my all time favorite is the Lychee Sorbet.This place would have to be my only favorite ayce sushi. Usually I would never go to an ayce sushi since most places would put a lot of rice...but not this place! :)
4	The quality of the fish is good, but the rice was a little dry and didn't have enough vinegar.  Our server Francisco was friendly and helpful, along with all the other staff who waited on us.  At the end of the meal, Francisco handed us a stamp card for AYCE sushi.  We will definitely be back!
5	I have been reading fab reviews of Sushi House Goyemon for a while now, but was never able to make it there for dinner. They have extended their hours and are open for lunch now, and after my first visit, I am in LOVE. A coworker and I popped in at noon and we were able to get two chairs at the sushi bar. Within 15 minutes the place was completely packed with a line of people waiting, which is usually a good sign. We started out with some edemame, a shrimp tempura appetizer and a cucumber salad to share... Then in was on the the fish! I am unsure what all we ate... We ordered some tuna nigiri, half of a Taylor roll (basically a Philly roll, deep fried) and half a Sushi-Max roll (spicy tuna with cucumber, wrapped with shrimp). Yes, SHG serves up half rolls, which I love. Let's you try a larger variety!!After ordering the 2 rolls we sat back and let Freds, the kickass sushi chef, just whip up whatever he liked for us. Every single thing was AMAZINGLY DELISH! Even the  Jala Jala, which comes with a slice of jalapeno which I do not eat, was not only edible but tasty... We realized after about 20 minutes that the waitress forgot our edemame and we didn't even care... more room for fish! We did save room for desert though, which is included with ACYE sushi. The lychee sorbet was a refreshing way to finish off our meal. Without a doubt, Sushi House Goyemon is my #1 spot for sushi in Vegas.
5	One of the best AYCE Sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  Reservations highly recommended if you have a party of 10 or more (that is the minimum for reservations). 15 to 20 for the Tatami Room. Check out their daily specials board.  Plum Wine Jelly is awesome, Lychee Sorbet makes a good palette cleanser between orders of sushi.One the main reason that this is a great AYCE sushi dinner spot in Las Vegas, is that everything on the menu is AYCE (except sashimi).  That includes the daily specials board, the hot apps and dessert selections on the placemats.  All they ask is you finish what you order and not waste food.  Sounds fair to me!I am not going to review every single item I have tried over the last dozen visits.  But as great as this place is to dine at, the experience can totally be improved if you got with a few friends.  At least this way you can try more things on the menu before you have to throw up the white flag, wiggle your tummy and find a little more room for the desserts.Even if you are not into raw fish as some of your buddies are, there are plenty of cooked items available for you to order. You can dine here with your foodie buddies without having to feel left out.The staff here is great!  Even when they are slammed (pretty much anytime after 7pm) they still managed to deliver on good or better service.  Just show up early or have some patience, as the average wait here for dinner is at least an hour.Food: 4.5/5 The food and the selection is very good.Flavor: 4.5/5 Overall very very good, although some nigiri are drenched in too much ponzu sauce.Service: 5/5 I have never had a bad experience here.Decor:  4.5 Pretty trendy and there are decorative samurai swords in the loo.Parking: 4.5/5 The parking lot is not super big, but you can usually find a parking spot when you drop in for dinner.Price:  4/5  Comparable to other local AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.Value:  5/5  Only sashimi is not available as part of AYCE.  Their available selection is crazily extensive.4.5 stars easily!
5	wow, this place is amazing!!! they totally do all you can eat sushi right. everything about them is stellar: the staff, the decor, the menu, the FISH. our new fave time to go to restaurants it seems is around 4pm. we miss the lunch crowd completely and beat the dinner crowd. we walked in, were greeted and seated immediately. then, our waitress for the night promptly took our drink order and we started ordering and our epic saga of a sushi dinner did not stop until we were one hundred and one percent satisfied.  let me start with the restaurant itself: impeccable. beautifully decorated with dim-ish lighting. the whole restaurant itself is not very big. it is very clean and comfortable, the private bathrooms (one for men, one for women) is big and clean as well. then our waitress was excellent. she refilled our waters before we could even finish the cup. she always took down our large orders of food with a smile and gave us recommendations. and the food came out fast and fresh!!!!we tried the specials on the board, which were short rib nigiri (just okay), conch nigiri (excellent), amber jack nigiri (one of the night's faves), and the star of the night: THE SALMON BELLY, or basically thick slabs of fatty salmon (!!!!!!). I LOVE SALMON.  we ate tons and tons of nigiri, from scallops to crab, to salmon, of course, to ebi, to sweet shrimp, to uni. we sprinkled our nigiri craze with some great sides. the grilled calamari, shrimp tempura, seaweed salad, cajun salmon, pork belly, baked mussels, and mochi ice creams were amazing. the orgasm salad, super white tuna, lychee sorbet, green tea creme brulee were so-so. next time i come back, i want to try some of their rolls! can't wait!!!!
4	As this is a sister restaurant to Monta, you could easily imagine that this place is legit Japanese and not some Korean/Chinese knock off.They have slightly more appetizers than most AYCE place and sushi is good for AYCE pricing, not great, but good and better than most AYCE for sure.  I went to a special blue fin tuna cutting event and ate a good amount of melt in your mouth toro as well as 20 kinds of sake for $15 or something ridiculously cheap.  That was a good night.  I would agree that this is one of the top AYCE sushi places in town.  The only downside is that this place gets pretty crowded with non-Japanese people who lack sushi eating manners who are too busy chatting, tweeting, facebooking and putz around forever.
1	Many new servers' service is disappointing.Last few weeks were really disappointing everytime I ate here.You have to wait forever to get your order.Once I had to waited for almost 30 minutes to get my sushi order.(and one time I ordered from non all u can eat menu and the server didn't put theorder in the system so I never got the food, waited 40 minutes.... watching my friends eat..everytime I asked the server, she said the food was coming ..)Why don't they use more sushi chefs like Sahara Sushimon?2 sushi chefs (sometimes 3) with packed restaurant won't work.I don't think I will come back here..
5	Yes the 200+ yelpers positive reviews are true. Goyemon HAS the best AYCE in Vegas and Cali. Mon. 4:15PM - No wait. Plenty of open seats at both the bar and tables.1. Shrimp tempura & Miso soup - battered lightly and crisply with the shrimp still moist inside. Miso soup didn't taste like tap water and there was miso in it.  I couldn't believe I was at an AYCE joint.2. Gyoza - fried on the bottom then boiled on the top. Yum!3. Uni & Sweet Shrimp - I wish I could have just one more order! 1 order is such a tease. 4. Snow Crab nigiri - Topped with a ton of crab meat (real).5. Salmon, Albacore, Yellowtail, Halibut, Salmon roe nigiri - We enjoyed them all. I think I liked the Yellowtail the best out of this group.6. Pork belly with mango salsa - Grilled with burnt tips and everything. I topped my sliver of belly with the mango salsa and took it all in on one bite. Wow, it just melted in my mouth. Warning: It's sinfully fatty.7. Green tea creme brulee & Green tea and Red bean ice cream - I liked all 3 items. Don't expect anything novel from these desserts. They're only a great way to satisfy the sweet tooth at the end of the meal. (I wouldn't have minded if I finished the dinner with another order or pork belly though!)The best part is that the waitress forced us to pace ourselves by visiting us seldomly. I ate everything I wanted (twice) and was full without hating myself after. An aside: WHAT THE HECK? How is it possible that Goyemon is sisters with Sushi Mon? Goyemon's quality, service, and interior is radically different and superior to SM. Final note: I hate collecting stamp cards but I eagerly accepted this time. 8 more visits until my free meal!
1	On a scale of 1-5 (5 being best)Food: 3 (your average AYCE sushi)Execution of Service: 1Friendliness of staff: 2Professionalism: 1Overall Satisfaction: 1Went to Goyemon for a friends birthday last Sunday after reading so many positive reviews here on yelp.  ATTN EVERYONE:  IF YOU ARE DINING IN A LARGE PARTY, THIS REVIEW IS INTENDED FOR YOU.     Our party was for 22 people, and a reservation was made for 8pm.  After most of us had arrived, we waited about 30-45 minutes to be seated, because the restaurant policy states that your entire party must be present before being seated. (We were not informed of this when the reservation was made)  The policy was strictly upheld for about half an hour before our server decided to bend the policy and allow us to sit down because half of our party were waiting in the cold for the last half hour due to space restrictions in the entryway, AND we were on the verge of leaving.)  If that wasn't enough, it grew worse in a hurry.     The server "GIO" was blatantly unprofessional;  no greeting, calling attention to us by shouting "Yo" or "Hey" from across the room, handing off ALL of our food to one person and instructing that person to pass it to someone else and so forth.  Every time he came to the table, he had either forgot something, made a mistake, or didn't order something for us yet.   IT TOOK 20 MINUTES TO GET THE ONLY BEER I ORDERED...     He referred to some of us as "dog, dude, bro" and "that chick over there", repeatedly forgot to place our orders, and acted as though we were wasting HIS time.  At times we had to guess what the different rolls were, because there was little effort on his part to state what they were, he didn't even know what some of them were himself!  The drink order was also a mess, and our table grew STACKED with empty plates before he decided to do anything about it.  We were also handed the bill by a different server before we got a chance to order dessert.  WTF!?  We paid in advance anyway to be polite.  By the time we had finished paying, only half our desserts were on the table, and predictably, the rest NEVER came, so we cancelled them.       For an AYCE sushi spot, some of us didn't eat very much because we had few chances to order food in one hour of service, because of all the setbacks, mistakes, and lack of effort.
4	Came here when it was fairly busy but the service was still fast and friendly. The price for all you can eat was standard. Their menu provided unique selections such as pork belly and shrimp heads in your miso soup. The super white tuna melts in your mouth.
4	How could I have missed reviewing Goyemon?!?!This place really is a secret hot spot. Definitely popular among the locals. It get packed, so arrive early and preferably during non rush hours. The wait can be killer. Goyemon has fresh sushi and great ingredients. Before eating at Goyemon, I was not a fan of Uni (sea urchin) because of the texture and flavor. Little did I know what great uni tasted like. I'm a believer. As far as their sushi goes, I'm a fan. I would recommend trying their all you can eat.Know what you want, don't be afraid to try their specials of the day. It's hard to go wrong at Goyemon. I haven't had a dish that I was not fond of. Pick what you like, highly likely you'll enjoy it.Be forewarned, their service can be a little on the slow side, but you can compensate for that by ordering a lot when they take your first order, that way you won't be like that Brian B. guy who left a stupid ass comment on this great sushi house. If I took 22 people to Sushi Sasabune, I would get horrible service too. Moron. Next time go to Todai or something.
1	Recently ate here for the AYCE. As a first timer, reading all these wonderful yelp reviews, I definitely thought I was in for a treat. WRONG! Horrible service ever!!! Our server Gio was obnoxiously rude. Food was decent, dessert was good but never coming here again because the service ruined my overall experience!!
4	I normally don't hand out 4 star reviews for Sushi in Vegas, but this place deserves it and here's why. 1. price was great, $26 for all you can eat including Uni and sweet shrimp is truly a bargain. Also compared to the costly Casino options this is a great deal. The service was very friendly and was a big help in offering options. The food was very good and why all the rolls weren't the best the majority of them were very good. If I had to rate the food it would be a 3.5 but the extras raise this up to a 4. Fish was fresh and they had a nice selection of Sake. We did have to wait an hour because it is a small place but it was worth the wait. I would suggest getting there early as all you can eaters can take up some time at the table. Also a short ride from the strip it makes it worth it. Looking forward to coming back.FYI- there's a great liquor store a few stores down in case your waiting. He has a nice selection of beers and we started with Sapporo.
5	YES, it's as good as what everyone says it is!They don't try to rip you off with too much rice or sauce and the sushi is all quality!
5	I had a serious fight with my gf and after we had dinner here, she's totally happy now ;) we were told there was 45-min wait,    But we were called in less than 30 min. Super friendly staff, food was fresh and authentic. Compared to the other AYCE sushi this one is definitely the best. We tried all the dessert and all were fantastic! Not too sweet. uni was fresh.favorite restaurant in Vegas!!
5	PHENOMENAL service and sushi! My friend and I are seriously considering making this place a once a month tradition. Highly recommend sitting at the bar, quickest service that way. I can't wait till next time! I'm glad I live in Vegas!
5	After eating here the first time, I've been ranting and raving about this place to anyone that would listen to me. My girlfriend and I were greatly anticipating our triumphant return to the holy grail of AYCE sushi. (Read my previous review on this place to get my feelings on AYCE sush). I must admit, I was worried this place might not live up to the Andrew-Luck-type hype that I've been bringing upon this place; but let me tell each and every one of you reading this. It is even better than I remember!Orders- Nigiri - No rolls for us, not for this place. We've had some of the best sushi Socal has to offer, and this place rivals a quality that would make you believe you were walking to the beach after your meal. The only thing this place lacks, is creativity, you're not going to get anything visually spectacular. Nor will it be anything you've never tried before, but you better believe it will be fresh! Order whatever you like and it probably won't disappoint. Their uni is not that great, but their sweet shrimp is amazing and full of flavor which more than makes up for that. One order allowed of each per person.Grilled items - Salmon and yellowtail prepared in ways that I can't recall right now. The size of a nice thick cut of sashimi, both delicious.Veggies - Cucumber salad was fresh and made a nice palate cleanser. Orgasm salad wasn't as good as we remembered it, but It was still good.Dessert - Green tea cake was delicious, but where did the tofu cheese cake go?!?!Final thoughts - GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE!Skip the club like we did, wear something roomy, and why not drink a little before during and after. You are in Vegas right?..
5	This is now on my list of places to go when I visit Las Vegas.The all you can eat sushi dinner was totally worthwhile.I originally found this via yelp reviews as it was the highest rated sushi spot.It did not disappoint!The only issue might be that it's tiny, so be prepared to wait up to an hour for a table.Bonus that they'll call you and you can go down the street and have drinks at the nearest bar until your table is ready!
5	the service, the food, the waiters! everything was great and perfect! My bf and i come for the ces convention every year in vegas and this is our must stop from now on! We were super hungry and didnt expect much, since all of these buffets had mediocre freshness fish but when our tuna and salmon came out, simply delish! n o so fresh! we beat the busy crowd and got us at least 6 rounds of food! I love how they have a big selection of traditional japanese rolls and nigiri, i honestly cant stand big fried rolls with slaps of sauce and fish! They have natto roll and sweet gourd roll! My fav, almost 99% of the so called "sushi" restaurants done have that! I was in heaven!i cant wait to come back to vegas and have more!o and get a stamp card, so worth it because after 10 all you can eat dinners, 11th is free yay!
5	If 10 stars were possible... I would give them ALL to Goyemon!  I am a hardcore Sushi Mon addict, and after taking a couple years in the Vegas/Henderson area to lock on to Sushi Mon, it's tough for me to fall in love with other sushi places.  But I am  mad about Goyemon!  You've gotta try the Goyemontini...it's smooth and tasty and is my new favorite drink!  Highlights from our meal included the won ton chip/crab dip appetizer, grilled vegetable side..amazing.., steamed gyoza and shumai, sushi dinner and seaweed salad..woohoo just like sushi mon!!.. they made custom rolls for us, which a lot of places here get antsy about you requesting something not on the menu, plus a taylor roll, pink lady roll, and a frying jason roll.  We ordered 3 small desserts and shared them all; the green tea cream brulee was fabulous, green tea cake was light and delicious, and green tea ice cream is always tasty.  I loved the inside of Goyemon, it's very cozy and perfect for a date or night out with good friends. Every person working there was smiling and friendly, but laid back and very chill.  Keiko was our server and she was great!  Can't wait to come back soon!
5	We found this place on Yelp, and decided to give it a try! .....IT WAS AWESOME! This place provided us with an excellent experience that remained in our thoughts for the next few days and kept us yearning for more!   The staff was super sweet and friendly! We all opted for the ayce lunch.  We ordered multiple rounds of sushi and dessert, and the waitresses were very attentive and sweet.  The nigiri was fresh! Our favorites were the white tuna, scallops, quail egg, salmon, hamachi, and conch! One of us also ordered the ayce dinner, so they can get their one order of sweet shrimp and uni -- it was well worth it! The uni and ebi was sweet and yummy! The rolls were good, too! However, I love the raw stuff so much more, so my review is based on that! Everything had the right amount of rice, also!AYCE also includes appetizers! We enjoyed the salmon kama, chicken teriyaki skewers, octopus poke, sashimi salad, and tuna poke!OMG, dessert! It ended with few rounds of green tea ice cream, red bean ice cream, lychee sorbet, and strawberry mochi! The strawberry mochi was delicious!!! We'll be back, and we'll be sure to spread the word! Gotta love the stamp card, too! If I lived in LV, I'd be a super duper frequent diner! I thought Reno ayce was good, but this was even better!! :D
5	The hubby and i were in town for the new year and after spending so much money on food on the stripe, we decided to drive a little and try some local non-touristy stuff. Of course we turn to yelp to help us find a good place to eat. Thank God Yelp brought us to Sushi House. When we entered the restaurant there was a wait and the hubby and I were afraid it was gonna be awhile since the place was packed. It was just our luck that there was a table available for 2. (I guess everyone waiting were big parties.. Lucky us) Anyway, we were surprised that. This place offers AYCE Sushi. Which of course we had. The sushi was delish!! Very fresh and they were NICE thick pieces.Next time we come to Vegas, we will pay this place a visit... Enjoy! =)
5	this place is awesome. first off, try to get there between the off hours like a few hours before or after the dinner/lunch periods. this place gets packed quick. the food quality is great as well as there service. i would say there is a wider selection of sushi available here compared to others. once the sushi part is done, they have an interesting dessert selection i have never tried. amazing, the green tea creme bruelee.. why have i never tasted this before sooooo goood. writing this review is making me salivate. the fried icecream thing is surprisingly good as well. its not as heavy as it sounds. definitely not the fried ice cream from the o.c. fair, its lightly battered and the whole dessert itself is very light. definitely going back for the desserts, and the sushi. haha
4	Wait & Service: There's almost always a wait & the waiting area is quite small just like their other restaurant Monta. At least Goyemon has a sitting area outside too, unfortunately its Winter so its too cold to wait outside so most people kind of stand around watching people eat. The service is actually really good they take your order and bring them out in a fairly amount of time and they don't constantly bother you which is pretty good. Food: The Nigiri sushi here is the best part of this place, Big slices of raw fish with minimum rice. So you don't get full off the rice but also with the fish. That's pretty much all I order and the food comes out in a fairly good amount of time. The sides I usually order is Ahi poke and seaweed salad & I love the portions. The rolls, I'm not much of a roll person but my boyfriend is. I'm happy to say they serve HALF ROLLS, which work perfect for me because I get to taste a little bit of everything rather then getting full to 1 committed roll like other sushi locations. Seating & Design: Surprisingly this place is actually a pretty good looking place to have a date or impress a co-worker. The seating is okay most tables are at a decent distance from each other unless you got a 2 person table, which is exactly what I seated in. The 2 person table was kind of small, not enough room for my orders. Also to make matters worse, a family with a baby were at the table next to ours and their baby must've been super cranky because the baby kept on crying and countless times I had to get up and make room for the mother to get up and tend to her baby.Price: Pretty decent for your All You Can Eat. $21.95 for Lunch & $26.95 for dinner. Take my advise and do All You Can Eat. Its the only way you'll truly get your moneys worth.
5	Take all your vega$ winnings and splurge it here, folks! The QUALITY of the sushi was SUPERME.  For $25 a pop, you are granted unlimited amounts of sushi including their specials of the day.  in other words, AYCE!I won't hit every single item I consumed but some of the key ones that I enjoyed personally were:+ Salmon Belly: If this is listed on their Special of the Day menu, do not hesitate to order this! Smooth and Yummy!+ Tempura Shrimp: I know what you're saying, how can this be good? The tempura was light and crispy.  Shrimp tasted as if it was just taken out of the water and cooked to perfection.+ Tempura Ice Cream: pretty good, light tempura shell and soft ice cream.Do not feel overwhelmed as you can spend a couple of hours digging into every single Nigiri item.  Their AYCE also included Appetizers (all), Dessert, and Special Rolls.  I recommend sitting at the counter so you can socialize with their Sushi Chef who will charm and enlighten you with his culinary life and knowledge of the sushi world.  Plus, you can place your order on the fly.  A QUICK TIP: Ramen served in the Evening.  I would most definitely make a return when I'm back in good ole' (third home) Vega$.
4	In Cali, All you can eat sushi is often times plauged by fears of food poisning.But in Vegas, where competition is tough, food is first class, only greatness can be expected.Here are some highlights, keeping it short a simple:1. AYCE dinner price is $27.00. Its totally worth is considering the price and QUALITY of sushi they have2. They have many items, on the AYCE sushi menu, including specality rolls and lots of appetizers. Go for the Grilled Pork Belly. and mussels. You will not regret.3. They understand people's needs-- not a big eater/not hungry? you can order a la carte on the menu even if everyone else at your table it eating AYCE and you won't get charged,.unless if they see you sneaking food.4. waiting area is very small/non-existent.5. The establishment is quite small, but it refelcts the amount of man power they have to efficetivy pump out and serve up the sushi-- if you do'nt want to wait, then you should make reservations.6. punch card, for those of you who go to vegas a lot/ are locals.7. Nicely marbeled fish, and very tasty.beware of the older fish which they put lemon juice on it.
5	This was a HUGE surprise for me. I am not one for sushi or anything that doesn't include my basic food groups: pizza, hamburgers, carne asada burritos, spaghetti and dessert (any order does well, preferable in the same day, yes I have done that). While I didn't go out on a limb here, the food I did eat was very good. The waitress probably thought I didn't like it because she kept asking if everything was okay. I usually take the things I don't like and give to Susan (wife). I then precede to take apart the bowl (very picky).  I get to taste each part. While I don't care for the pink strands, Susan loved them. I did like the: Salad-free,soup -free, Rice & Chicken (Part of the Spicy Chicken Bowl) $6, and especially the fried ice cream (tempura) $2.50.Overall, great price for alot of food that taste impressively great!The next time I plan on getting the beef bowl, I still have to stay true to my roots!
5	literally nothing bad to say about goyemon. even the sometimes 45-minute-long wait is 100% worth the fantastic food and service that this place dishes out. it is plain to see that much thought and care goes into every dish at goyemon, from the basic $2 house salad (always a fresh garden medley with delicious home made house dressing) to the $27 all-you-can-eat menu. i have never had bad food at goyemon.my roommate is a strict vegetarian and very picky when it comes to sushi but he has also fallen in love with the avocado and cucumber rolls. everyone i have brought here has loved it just as much as i do. you know a sushi restaurant is good when it's full of japanese people... and goyemon is always packed with asians (i hope no one takes offense to that but i think it's awesome). i highly recommend the shooting star roll (no longer on the menu but they always make it for me) and the green tea creme brulee... both to die for!
3	Honestly upon my first visit I was going to give 5 stars...I loved everythign about it; delicious sushi, and quick attentive service.  We almost went here twice in one vegas weekend trip, but the wait was 2 hours the 2nd time so we decided not to.   Went back again this weekend and have to downgrade it to 3 stars1) SLOW SLOW service.  We went for lunch and for 21.95 you get 45 minutes of AYCE.  Well...We didn't get our first round of sushi until about 15 minutes later...every round we ordered seemed to take 15 minutes or longer to get.  Although it's smart on their part...the slower they come out the fuller we felt.  2) Sushi quality wasn't as great, the nori was tough making it hard to enjoy...nobody else seemed to be bothered by it, but i'm somewhat of a sushi snob.  I'd definitely give 4 stars if we didn't have to flag down someone to check on our order or to place another order.
1	Arrived at the restaurant, and was waiting at the counter to be seated.  Some people came in behind me, and the hostess totally looked past me and seated those people before me. How Rude!  Needless to say they lost my business very unprofessional.  But thanks to them I found a great new sushi place right down street,  Called Sushi 21 people were very friendly and the food was great!
4	Man, I need to wear spanx or somethin super tight before I come here. I always eat way too much!Just an FYI: I only eat nigiri and appetizers. Rolls on rare occasions.The albacore, halibut, yellow tail, seared tuna, salmon, uni, and sweet shrimp - all of it was fresh and tongue tantalizing. But one nigiri was a big disappointment. The snow crab. Last time I was here, they used real crab meat but today they threw on super thinly shredded crab meat mixed with fish flakes/flavoring. I really wish they were honest and just told me that they were out of the snow crab and deterred me from ordering this blasphemous dish. Thus I detracted 1 star for today's snow crab nigiri debacle. Due to that disappointment, I had 2 desserts to make up for it. The Lychee Sorbet and Green Tea Cake with Sesame Cracker. The sorbet was refreshing, little icy but mainly creamy, and sweet. I'm definitely a fan. As for the cake, I really liked the strong matcha green tea flavor. The consistency of the cake was a bit dense so if they made it fluffier it'd balance out this dessert better. Don't get me wrong though, I ate everything and left no scraps! Anyway, I'm really glad I got my sushi fix. What shall I eat next?
4	We are definitely coming back here again!Despite an extra long wait (we were told 45 minutes and actually waited about an hour and 15), it was completely worth it!  If anything, the wait time is a testament to the quality and value of this place!  This ain't yo' regular AYCE sushi joint. Everything here was top notch -- fresh and flavorful. Save yourself the trouble from ordering the rolls (unless of course, that's your thing), go to town on the nigiri and grilled items. The blue and white menu,   though not a secret, is a hidden gem!  Hubby and I have talked about coming back to Vegas just to eat at this place. Seriously! Fredo, one of the sushi chefs, is super friendly too and will recommend the especially tasty items on the menu. We weren't lucky enough to get him, but heard him making recommendations to the diners next to us all night.A for sure spot the next time we are in Sin City!
1	this was by far the worst place i have ever gone to in las vegas for sushi.1. we had a party of 11 people and they refused to take a reservation. once we got there the wait was to be 30 mins - which turned into an hour and a 45 mins. the worst customer service i have ever experienced.2. our server was so over whelmed and unorganized. i did not have a re-fil until i had to ask for it. he forgot half someones desert and decided to bring it after everyone else was done with theirs.3. i also go food poisoning from the food. i felt like nothing was fresh and it took forever for us to get our food. i was up sick all night long.i will never patron here again and i will never tell anyone to ever waste their money there for such terrible service!
4	Updated review: After my 4 star rating, I had to go here again & once again they didn't disappointSushi Roll: I'm not much of a roll person but I was with people who loved rolls and they decided to get the "Taylor roll" I wish I took a picture of this but its a deep fried roll of salmon and guacamole and cream cheese with yum yum sauce drizzled on top YUM! I also tried their new roll pink lady which was also delicious. Ice cream: Which is also on the AYCE menu, I usually get green tea ice cream and tempura ice cream but I must've been in an adventurous mood because I decided to get the lychee ice cream, first off I wasn't too sure how this was going to taste. I love lychee but lychee in ice cream form idk. But I absolutely loved it, it was very tasty. Goyemons the only Sushi restaurant in Vegas that I know that serves Lychee ice cream.The only reason it stays at a 4 for me is the wait time. The wait wouldn't be sooo bad if they had a bigger wait room, I noticed in the restaurant if they used their space smart they could've at least had 2 more tables put into their layout. The waiting area is kind of odd you kind of just stand on the wall as you watch people who are eating to be done.
4	Love the place :)). Green tea creme brulee was awesome..
5	It's yummy. One chef, who works in Michelin star restaurant, recommended it. If you are a sushi lover like me, you definitely need to try their AYCE menu.There're various delectable items for me to eat. I strongly recommend their nigiri of scallop and sweet shrimp flavor, of course, and my favorite sea urchin nigiri.  They were really fresh, naturally sweet and delicious. I also missed shrimp tempura a lot. The Crispy surface was a contrast mixed with the soft and sweet shrimp perfectly. Besides, the atmosphere was very inviting and the service was friendly. Our server was busy, but the service was still attentive. They made me feel warm and fuzzy.I thoroughly enjoyed this place and cannot wait to go back again.
4	The only reason why this place is not a 5-star is because I am a hard-ass critic when it comes to sushi, and it is extremely difficult to give any sushi place in the middle of the desert a flawless review. Let's face it.... the fish is just better and fresher in Cali or on the east coast..... HOWEVER, and here comes a HUGE 'however', one thing I can say for sure is that Goyemon is by far the best sushi place in all of Las Vegas. I've tried the places up and down Las Vegas Blvd., the local spots in the Chinatown area, and I've even tried several places that non-Asians say are so amazing in Henderson.... GOYEMON IS THE NUMBER ONE SUSHI HOUSE, trust me on this. Well don't trust only me, trust the other 256 reviews that say something similar ;). I wouldn't go with any other option than their generous all-you-can-eat specials, $27 per person for dinner, and this includes almost everything your sushi-loving heart desires. All sushi, specialty rolls, appetizers, salads, items from the daily specials board, samplings from the grill, vegetables, dessert, etc., etc., etc.!! The variety they offer is unbeatable, and the quality of the food is fantastic for the buck. We've already been here a few times and we can NOT go without the salmon and unagi sushi, some shumai, the 9-1-1 roll (beware! it's hot even for a spice freak like me!), grilled calamari, pork belly, yellowtail from the grill, cajun salmon, grilled asparagus and mushrooms, garlic tuna sushi, and much more on top of that. I can honestly say their samplings of the pork belly may be some of the best I've ever had. Same goes for their mushrooms and grilled calamari. $4.95 COCKTAILS!! I enjoy my AYCE meal with a SAKETINI for just under $5. Not common to be having a martini of all gin and sake for that low of a price! mmMmmmMMMmm desserts. Just when you think you've had enough, don't leave without trying the green tea cake and the green tea creme brulee. They are simply fantastic. The service is hit or miss. It's always at least decent, but sometimes it can be great because the server is willing to work with you and be more attentive to your needs. For example, last night, our server was friendly, informative, and lenient (he was not trying to force-feed our last 2 pieces of food because of the 'rules' of all-you-can-eat, though we did end up finishing them anyway), and although we were there for the last hour, he was patient and took our orders over and over again without hesitation. Even the food runner was able to take a few orders here and there. We never felt for a second that we waited too long, were being rushed, or that they were casually stalling (some AYCE sushi places definitely stall when approaching your table for reordering). *** Expect to wait! I would avoid going during peak business hours. Go for early or late dinner, or even late-night because they are open until 3am and last order for AYCE is at 2am everyday! This place is quite the commodity and people will be waiting 1+ hour(s) to be seated whether you go on a weekday or weekend.Don't forget to receive your special card that they stamp for every AYCE meal so you can eventually enjoy it all over again for FREE! My boyfriend and I already can't wait for that day to come :)
4	I have been here two times but haven't tried their all you can eat sushi yet. It has been all about the "Lunch Special"!The first time I came here was with my husband. My sushi vocabulary was a little rusty because I haven't had sushi in a long time! I was so excited that I immediately ordered the wrong thing. I chose the 3 hand roll combo ($8.95) which is ice cream cone shaped. The cone is made out of seaweed though. I had the spicy shrimp yum roll, scallop yum roll and the crab stick roll. I was happy with two out of the three rolls. The crab stick roll is made up of a fake crab stick with rice in a seaweed cone. It tasted too plain for me. The special also came with soup and salad. The dressing for the salad was a little strong tasting but still good. We ended the meal with dessert. I had the lychee ice cream which was really delicious! My husband had the fried ice cream.The second time I came here to have lunch by myself. I was trying to kill time before meeting up with coworkers for happy hour. I thought if I ate really slow I can kill two hours but I was wrong. It only took an hour with dessert. I ordered the Chicken Katsu combo ($7.50).  This is basically  fried chicken strips. I haven't tasted this in such a long time! I used to order this when I was a newbie to Japanese cuisine. It was as good as I remembered ! The meal also came with 4 California rolls ,rice, soup, salad and more salad! I ended the meal with lychee ice cream....yum!
4	Out of the veritable plethora of sushi joints I've tried this is one that sticks out. I didn't have the negative experiences of having to wait, etc. but this experience would be worth the wait. Great nigiri, rolls, and service. The server was kind enough to charge ala carte without being prompted when I didn't actually eat more than the AYCE price. I will positively be back when in Vegas again.
5	Goyemon is what other sushi restaurants should strive to be. This is my absolute favorite all you can eat sushi restaurant in town. I have never had one thing I didn't enjoy here. My favorites are the pork belly, toro, grilled vegetables, red bean ice cream and black sesame creme brulee. We always order everything from the specials board. On top of the already fantastic quality nigiri and sushi, they offer all you can eat dessert. That is the icing on the cake. The wait is usually long, but definitely worth it. We try to plan our trips here when it will be least busy.
2	Wow...but more in a surprised disappointing way. I know how hard it is to get a 4.5 star rating on Yelp so I was expecting much, much more from this place. I am (or was, it's been a while since I've been) a fan of Sushimon and with all the hype, I've been wanting to try this place for WAY too long. Had to work late for Valentine's Day so what better day than to try it with my gf for a midnight dinner.Ordered the Orgasm as we sat down since it's my favorite Vegas sushi invention. And the gf wanted a cocktail. Nothing looked good on the drink menu so I ordered her the vodka midori martini. Maybe I messed it up by asking for less vodka, more midori, but the drink was a zero star. It tasted like medicine.Wanted to do the AYCE, but found out that the things we wanted to eat wasn't included so we ordered a la carte.The 1) Orgasm came and it was more like the Tease. Yes, the tuna was definitely some of the freshest! But the taste was just not balanced (too much citrus).  We then ordered a few other items:2) Dynamite - Had to return because it was burnt3) Beef Tataki - I like it fine (nice and rare) but gf thought it too salty, which I made the mistake of saving a portion for later and soaking in the ponzu soy sauce, it became too salty for me too4) Spicy Tuna Crispy Rice Cracker - probably our favorite dish, unique!5) Yum Yum Scallop Handroll - the mix was too dry and the taste bland6) Nabeyaki Udon - so-so as the sweet mushrooms overtook all other flavors and made the broth a sweet, salty mess7) Got tempted by other Yelpers' Yelp on the pork belly so I ordered it last minute, and wish I hadn't. The flavor was there but the pork belly was undercooked and served room temperature making the fatty part gelatinous.Still hungry but decided to quit at that. The taste discerning will note that the flavors served here are primarily SWEET eel sauce on everything or the yuzu, mango salsa on everything else. Perhaps I may make it back here someday but I would only do so if in the mood for AYCE.  After all, one's expectation is lower for AYCE than it is for a la carte sushi. My experience was only a 2 star but if I was to rate it based on fresh ingredients alone, I would rate it much higher, but with taste considerations (of course), I'm truly surprised that Yelpers rate it this high!
5	the BEST ayce sushi place in vegas. I love their fresh stocks of sushi, everytime i go there, FRESH!!! And their sushi is a small and petite size sushi, which some girls might think its cute. and i agree. Some places will give you big portion of rice and tiny pieces of fish. BUT goyemon, does it perfectly. JUST AMAZING. GREAT FOOD!!! i would recommend eating here if your into AYCE sushi!!!
5	Great all you can eat for this price in Vegas and you can chose everything of the menu to try for the same all you can eat price. I also loved the fact that it was ok to order any roll and take half of it instead of the whole 8 or 9 pieces, this way i was able to have a variety of things. Absolutely loved this place and their green tea cake is wonderful.By the way they do have some off menu items that are are included in all you can eat price. Will come back next time in Vegas, again.
5	Guests were in town and I had to share this gem with them!New stuff I tried: Seaweed salad - Cold but not frozen, crispy but not too crunchy, salty but still sweet. Good stuff, I could definitely eat this and rice only!Domingo and Yebisu rolls - Unimpressive AKA stomach space waste.Tempura fried vanilla ice cream - Yes! Yes! YESSSSS! Mind blowingly delicious. It maintained the crunchiness of tempura, softness of pound cake, and the tastiness of a funnel cake. You need to eat it fast fast fast before the ice cream dampens the tempura.Tuna on crispy rice - Too much eel sauce and not enough tuna. Bad news:Out of uni - Boy was I bummed.No toro tonight - I was hoping to hit the toro jackpot but to no avail!Out of plum wine jelly - Wanted to try a different dessert, maybe next time!Best part:Today's albacore and yellow tail nigiri was extremely excellent and extremely buttery!
4	One of the newest AYCE sushi joints in Vegas and it's definitely worth a visit even though it's off the strip. It's not too far from the strip so make a trek out there in between partying.
5	FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!got to try the mecca of AYCE sushi in Las Vegas!!!!!!I was actually somewhat worried about being let down by Goyemon because of all the hype but wow, was I wrong.I went with my girl and we were seated at the sushi bar as soon as we walked in. I was really happy about this because all my friends told me to expect at least an half-hour wait. We ordered miso soup, shrimp tempura, and Sashimi salad as our side dishes and browsed through the menu. Miso soup is miso soup and shrimp tempura is shrimp tempura, but the Sashimi salad was delicious! We ordered following nigiri sushi: Tuna, Garlic Tuna, Albacore, Salmon, Halibut, Seared Tuna, Hamachi (Yellowtail), Ebi(Shrimp), Unagi(Eel), and Tamago(Eggs). They were hands down the best nigiri sushi I've tasted in my life! (besides the time I had sushi in Japan) All the fish were fresh and the portion of rice to fish was perfect! I was so stuffed after all the nigiri sushi that I only got to try one of their rolls, which was Hurricane roll. Hurricane roll had shrimp tempura and spicy tuna inside, topped with eel sauce and yum sauce. It was amazingly tasty to say the least! They have extraordinary desserts as well. We ordered Green Tea Creme Brulee and Lychee Sorbet. They were both excellent! I was really impressed with everything that still to this day, I can't get over it. Ever since I've had sushi at Goyemon, I've been daydreaming about going back and stuffing my face with their sushi. Service was great! Sitting at the sushi bar, we had so much fun! The sushi chef in front us was constantly making jokes about how intimate me and my girl were and how I wasn't speaking loud enough when placing orders! Overall, this place is a great place to go for some great sushi and a great night!
5	The fact that this place had a 30 minute wait at 1AM says a lot. I came here in a group of five for a late night sushi run. While 30 minutes is a pretty long wait, we were hungry and there weren't many other options that would be open so late so we stuck it out. Three people in our group got AYCE and two of us got the regular option (I like to take my leftovers home and don't mind the extra expense in doing so). Between the five of us, there were a lot of appetizers, sushi, rolls, and dessert. I myself had the crunchy spicy tuna thing (I never know what it's really called, I just know that it's delicious), the shrimp tempura roll, and a scallop yum roll. They were all great and tasted especially fresh. I really wanted to try the wonton chips but they were sold out which I take as a good sign (next time). I'm not a fan of green tea anything (I'm Chinese... I know, it's sacrilege) but the green tea creme brulee I ordered was devoured in minutes (by me). Yum. We all left, full and happy and I have permanently saved this as my go-to late night (or possibly any time of day if I'm in that area) sushi place.
4	Another good AYCE sushi in the Southwest neighborhood of Las Vegas; yaye!  I love how their nigiri sushi is fresh and isn't overloaded with white rice.  The nigiri here has the perfect distribution of rice and raw fish.  They have your normal rolls here but nothing that really stands out in flavor. But I like to order my favorite rolls and they are good here: Rainbow, Spider, and Stacey Roll.  They are the perfect size, fresh, and yummy.  They have all your normal sides as well, but the one that is special and unique here is the pork belly.  It's fatty but tasty and a pretty good portion.  Their baked mussels are a little over cooked here, but I like it a little burnt.  My friends did not appreciate it though.  They also have a better variety of desserts than other AYCE sushi places I have been to and they are also AYCE and you aren't just limited to one so that is definitely a plus.This place has a super long wait if you come at prime times.  Come right at 5pm and you will get here before the dinner rush!
5	My bf and I went for Valentines Day.  The parking lot wasn't very full sowefigured it wasn't busy.  However, we walked in to find a tiny packed restaurant.  We were sat immediately.  Read the reviews about the pork belly so had to try it.  We ordered a bunch of other stuff too.  Service was excellent and fast.  The pork belly was amazing, but next to me I will get a half order.  Its very heavy.  Most items on the menu can come in half orders.  Only two complaints.  The decor is beautiful but I hated the layout of the restaurant. Not romantic.  The tables were all almost next to each other almost deli style.  No booths or anything to give any sort of intimacy.  I ordered the spicy tuna on crispy rice and, to my relief, never got it because I was so full.  But it showed up on the bill.  No problem they took care of it.Very reasonable and a place for both the adventurous and the non-adventurous sushi eaters.  Plus open late!
3	For a all you can eat, this place rocks!
5	The hubby and I have wanted to check out AYCE sushi since our maiden voyage to Vegas. We finally made it happen on our fourth trek there from Nebraska. My one and only gripe was the fact that we were told that there was 15 minute wait--yay. Unfortunately, it was closer to 45. I expected a wait but was disappointed that the estimate was so far off. Oh, well. We were seated at the bar which turned out to be amazing. I finally got to try uni (yum)! The sushi chefs were all extremely helpful and funny. They were super quick to make suggestions without being pushy. I think sitting at the bar helped for faster "refills". We had several half rolls which were all delicious! We tried the pork belly and LOVED it...we had at least 4 orders. The freshness of all the sushi was outstanding. I'm a little afraid that this place will ruin all our local joints for me but we will definitely be back on our next trip!Oh, and we were stuffed for hours afterwards so we might need to work on our timing... Either way, it was SO worth it!
5	This is now my favorite sushi spot in town.  It is the same company as sushimon in GV, which was my previous favorite.It's pretty standard for AYCE sushi, with the prices and selection.  But what makes these guys different than every other place I've tried in town is the grilled fish menu on the AYCE.  These little bites of grilled fishes are some of the best food I have ever had.  It is just as fresh as their nigiri, but marinated and sauced up, and a nice cooked flavor.  Definitely try the pork belly and the cajun salmon....but even the grilled tofu is good, and I don't usually like tofu.Service is hit or miss...sometimes they are really busy, and you will receive orders over 20min later, so make sure you remember what you ordered during each round...they don't really forget, just takes a while to the table on certain days.  Other days, the service is pretty good, so again, hit or miss.Also, they have an extended dessert menu on the AYCE, which includes a chocolate mousse, a definite must have if you come visit.Bonus, this place is much closer to the avg Las Vegas local and tourist, being around 10-15min from MGM.  Go!
4	Wow, I must say, I was really apprehensive about an AYCE sushi joint in Vegas. However, I was happily surprised. The quality is really good for $26/pp (dinner). They even offered sweet shrimp & uni (only 1 order pp, 1 order is 2 pieces). Only order what you can finish cuz you do have to eat the rice. The only complaint is the wait, but I guess that's expected from an AYCE place. They do have a limit of 60min so go on an empty stomach!!!Everything we ordered was excellent, except for the 'sunrise' roll. We didn't like the smokey/cajun flavor of it.
5	Best AYCE sushi ever!  The fish is very fresh, hot items are just as good as the sushi, they have seaweed salad, and the best part is.... DESSERTS INCLUDED!!   I ordered 8 desserts.  But I shared. :) My personal fave was the lychee sorbet (has delicious chunks of lychee) but the tempura ice cream was also very good.I will be coming here and spending my money on this buffet rather than the ones on the strip every time I come to Vegas in the future.Stamp cards available and you get a free meal after 10 stamps!
5	After reading all the Yelp reviews, I was dying to try this place out and see what all the hype was about.  My friend took me here for my birthday and I was not disappointed.  It was a Thursday night at 8pm and it was packed!  The hostess told us 25 minutes, and not more than 20 minutes later, we were seated and ready to order.  Unlike many other AYCE, you are not constantly hounded by the waitress to place an order.  In fact, they are very courteous and check on you just enough so that you are always able to order but not rushed in any way.  I can't remember specifically what we ordered, but it was a lot of nigiri and rolls and everything was simply amazing.  The pork belly appetizer was also very very good.  My only complaint is that it was a tiny serving so we had to keep ordering more.  You can order the rolls in half orders so that you can try more stuff off the menu.  The ONLY thing I did not particularly like was the calamari tempura.  It was like rubbery fish sticks in tempura batter. YUCK.Everyone is right that the nigiri rice portions are very reasonably small, unlike a lot of other AYCE places.  This has become one of my favorite sushi places and I can't wait to go back!!
5	PORK BELLY!!I can't  believe I haven't been here sooner especially because I live relatively close by. I went on a Tuesday evening around 5p and I did not have to wait. Friends have told me that they've had to wait 45 min to an hour for a table. It makes sense because there is very minimal seating. On to the food.....this is one of the best AYCE places in Vegas in my opinion. Between the appetizers, unique rolls and numerous desserts, there is something for everyone. The quality is great and you can even order sashimi which is not always the case for AYCE. I highly recommend the grilled pork belly. It just melts in your mouth. Yum yum yum! Every roll I had was delicious and fresh. Also they let you order more than one dessert which not all AYCE places do. The service is great! I have been ignored at plenty of AYCE places and have had rolls forgotten. Maybe it is because of the minimal seating the servers and sushi chefs don't seem like they are running around like crazy people like at other AYCE places.
4	This place lives up to the hype. Took a star off for one thing: the wait can be interminably long and the waiting area is small.  When you walk in, it's very hard to figure out who has already submitted their name and who is in line for the hostess.  It's also really cramped there.We sat at the sushi bar and got the AYCE.  The sushi man behind the counter was very impressive.  My husband rattled off about 10 different nigiri and roll items and the guy didn't write any of them down.  I thought for sure he would forget some of the items, but that guy whipped them out like nobody's business.The fish is fresh and tasty, and nigiri is really the way to go here.  The rolls are good, but the two we tried had a little too much going on and the flavors got lost in the jumble.P.S. The pork belly is part of the AYCE.  We didn't find that out until the very end!  If we had known, we would have ordered some!
3	The food is delicious and the portions are pretty generous. I ordered the sashimi plate expecting the pieces to be small, but they were fairly big and tasted pretty fresh. The tempura was not too battery and the salmon teriyaki was moist. But, the service is a little slow. I don't understand why in some restaurants the servers walk around like they can't see the customers. This is one of those places. The servers would be standing next to us and not pay attention as we waved them down. 3 stars because of the service. And for some reason, the hostess likes to seat down customers and not give enough menus.The all-you-can-eat doesn't seem worth it for $27 at dinner, but seems more worth it for $22 at lunch. I think most people can eat their fill for less than the dinner price. Plus it's not fair for them to state that they limit your time to 1 hour for dinner and 45 minutes for lunch for all-you-can-eat (although I don't think they really keep track of time). I would just come for the lunch time deal.I don't recommend the tempura ice cream if you didn't get the all-you-can-eat. It's a rip off for $3.50 because there's barely anything in the bowl. It's probably the only dish here that doesn't have a generous portion. You can finish the whole thing in just a few bites. Plus there wasn't much tempura. And there's only vanilla flavor.
5	I love sushi, more specifically dragon and chubby rolls. They're great. Sushi Mon used to be my favorite AYCE; Goyemon has superseded it for one reason and one reason only. Pork belly. I have no idea what sauce they put on that pork but it's perfect. The same great sushi, with a side of tempura ice cream, and now with pork belly. Sweet.
5	My new favorite restaurant when I'm in Vegas. I have been here probably 10 times and the quality of the food is really consistent and fresh (pretty damn impressive considering it's a buffet). I wish there was one like this back home.
1	I went to this place to see what all the hype was about. Its not that great. I rather go to yama sushi.
5	I want to shove your fishliciousness in my face.  You are delectable.Some friends brought me here for the first time and I thought I'd never meet the AYCE $29.95 volume for the price, but I was totally wrong.  It's worth it, too. Everything on the menu is included, so you linger with friends, order as your'e ready for it and stuff yourself until you grow gills.I've been 3 times now, twice with the original friends who brought me and then I brought my BFF from out of town, who also loved it.  My faves: Lemon Roll (FOREVER!), Jala Jala roll and Yebinsu. I also love the Super White Tuna. And the salmon belly, when they have it.Basically, everything is awesome. Beware the 9-1-1 roll unless you have an iron-clad palette. Your taste buds will both love and hate you. The service is great, the patrons friendly (and mostly japanese, which told me right away that this place was going to be good) and their matcha iced green tea will keep you up for 4 days. Drink lots, kids.I already want to go again. Can we go again?
2	2 stars decent rolls but other than that very understaffed it took like 35 min for 3 rolls to come out!
1	I gave them 4 stars on my first visit for dinner AYCE.....and I was hoping that it would be as good for lunch AYCE....no such luck.  It was atrocious, revolting excuse for sushi.When I walked in, I had a bad feeling when I saw two latino looking sushi chefs at the tsukeba.  Not that I have anything against non-japanese itamae, but from my fairly vast experience....it's not a good sign in general and boy was I right.  Since I'm Japanese, I don't order any rolls.  I always go with straight nigiri, none of those yum yum sauce, fancy rolls bulshit and here are what's wrong with their "sushi".1)  It was ugly.  Cuts of fish were uneven, too small, and were just very asymmetrical and poorly balanced with rice.  When you have two pieces and they look so different, there is a significant lack in their sense of aesthetics, and more importantly, utter luck of skill.2)  Sushi rice was horrendous.  To make things worse, there were 2 sushi "chefs" and they seem to be using very inconsistent sushi rice.  One was soft and overly sticky, and the other was dry and hard.  Neither of them had proper vinegar flavor, and was too bland to be called "sushi rice".  They obviously have no idea or skill to make proper sushi rice, which is just as, if not MORE important than the fish that goes on it.  3)  Utter lack of nigiri skill.  Sushi rice was too hard.  You had to chew it.  That is what happens to amateurs and newbies who do not have the proper skills to maintain shape of nigiri while having enough air within it so that if falls apart in the mouth.4)  The wasabi issue- I was embarrassed for them.  My first order of nigiris had no wasabi.  So I asked the waitress (non-japanese) that I need to have wasabi in the sushi.  She comes back 2 minutes later that "most people" don't want wasabi so the "chefs" cannot put wasabi in the nigiri.  Let me repeat "THE CHEFS CANNOT PUT WASABI IN THE NIGIRI"Let me make this straight.  In Japan, the sushi chefs will occasionally make UPON REQUEST nigiris WITHOUT wasabi for little children, I mean like kindergarden aged kids. Never do they even consider NOT putting wasabi for adults.  So I tell this non Japanese waitress that I don't care what "most people" want.  I want wasabi in the nigiri so that I don't have to peel the fish off of rice and have to put it on there, and it is the PROPER way to make a nigiri.  So she goes back and talks with this "chefs" and they finally comply with my "request" to make a proper nigiri WITH wasabi.  It's very unfortunate that whoever the Japanese sushi chef is there allows these "sushi chefs" to let these joke of a sushi out to customers under their roof.  I asked the waitress if there are any Japanese chefs at lunch time and she says that it depends on their schedule, sometimes yes, sometimes not.  Well if a real chefs can't be there to properly supervise these jokers then they might as well close down the restaurant instead of allowing these atrocious nigiri's out to the customers who may have the palate and knowledge of what a real sushi should be like.  The management should be embarrassed with what went on today.  If people think that this kind of atrocity is sushi, then I am truly saddened.  There are better restaurants with real japanese sushi chefs in this town who serve decent AYCE sushi.  But if people have numb enough palates to keep going here then so be it.
5	In short, this is the best all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi I have ever had. I'm a sushi snob and a glutton, so I have high standards for AYCE sushi. This place blasted those expectations out of my ass.The fish is incredibly fresh and well cut. The fatty pieces are handled expertly and melt in your mouth. Pieces like fresh scallop (hotate) which are mishandled most places are fantastic here.There are a couple of pieces limited to one order per person which are really quite nice. The uni is great which is a rare find for an AYCE place.It's pretty awesome that desserts and hot food are included as well.We got one of each dessert and split them all. The green tea ice cream was particularly tasty.If you love great sushi, if you're a person who goes omakase at the sushi bar, then this might be the first AYCE place that impresses you.
4	This is our second time here, again an AYCE sushi place, made to order.  They have changed up some of the menu items. Beside several rolls, we added an order of grilled pork belly, which was braised and grilled served with a mango salsa.  it was very good. I also enjoyed the cajun salmon.  We added both salads,  The Orgasm salad, seared tuna on top of mixed green and shredded diakon with  a spicy sauce, and the Hashimi salad, tuna, salmon, albacore, and crab meat layered on spring mix and shredded daikon with a dressing.  I enjoyed them both, my husband didn't.We ordered several times and items did make it to the table but rather slowly.  Each roll was fresh and we enjoyed them, but the slow service makes us frustrated when we come here, if we order ten items, it takes forever to get them, And if we are looking to order again, it takes forever for someone to stop by to take the order.
4	I could not in good conscience give this place five stars even though it has some good stuff.I ate from the AYCE (all you can eat) menu for dinner. PROThe PORK BELLY.  This was real good.Nigiri sushi.Udon.CONThe sushi rice was not made well.The rolls sucked.  If you are a rolls person, then you might try a different place as I found the rolls to be so-so.  VERDICTWhy come here?  For the pork belly, nigiri sushi and to stuff your face since it's AYCE.Why not come here?  If you are looking for really good sushi rolls.There is plenty of parking.Lastly, you should make reservations at dinner time since the wait can be a bit long.
3	All sushi and cooked food are very delicious. It I gave 3 stars because I was upset the fact that when I write my name down on the waiting list she told me it would b a 2 hour wait.... I ended up waiting for my table for 3 hours and 10 minutes....but all this time they had empty tables in their rooms but didn't let us done in there, instead offered us a 6 ppl table to fit 8 people.... Fine! I can bare with that... But when we ordered she told us that there is no uni, collars etc etc... A lot of foods were not available from the time they opened the restaurant today... I just don't understand why they couldn't inform me earlier when I was writing my name down???? And ok fine i will order other things.. But the waitress was not nice she is kind or rude...Overall I am just upset that If they cannot serve the many food on their menus they really need to reconsider how they run their business here
2	DONT BELIEVE THE HYPEOK so the reason I came here was because of all the reviews and honestly this place is not all that. First of all you have to wait for an 40 minutes or more to be seated and the service is very slow.Only thing I liked about this place is the hurricane roll (The extra star is for this roll). The fresh was not as fresh as some reviewers said.OH and because we were sitting thing there and talking with friends with have not seen for awhile, mind you this is shortly after we paid the bill, they asked us if there was anything else we needed kinda their way of telling us to get the eff out because there were people waiting. I am sorry but if we were at any other place, they wouldnt make us feel that way. They are never getting my business again. Get a bigger spot!
1	People know Las Vegas by many names, but to me it has just one: America's AYCE playground. Sadly, like a rusted out merry go round covered in bird droppings, Sushi House Goyemon is a ride worth skipping.My first experience here, despite the 30 minute wait for a table, was pleasant enough to earn a return trip... And that's where the fairy tale ends. This time the wait was 1 hour and the service was extremely slow.  Like walking-on-your-hands-through-a-tarpit slow. Not sure if it was due to the fact they only hand two servers waiting on the entire place, and also playing hostess... Or the fact the sushi chefs seemed to lumber behind the bar with the urgency of a toddler on his way to the dentist. Either way, it took 30 minutes for our first order to reach the table... And 35 more minutes for the second. Keep in mind each order was just 8 pieces of nigiri.  Looking around the restaurant was flat out depressing, every table experiencing the same level of disappointment, and starvation. We waited for our last order, a salmon skin hand roll for 40 minutes before giving up and vacating our table to make room for their next victim. First time I've ever left an AYCE sushi joint still hungry.One star for the unapologetically bad service, and potentially tarnishing Las Vegas's AYCE superiority.
2	the best things they had were there dumplings.... after that the fried pork was decently cooked but no flavoring what-so-ever. as for the main stuff....the sushi rolls were OK but not good, the teriyaki chicken was downright nasty... imagine someone grilling a piece of chicken whenever taking it out of the fridge cutting it in small pieces then putting cold teriyaki sauce over it and youve got there version of chicken teriyaki... gross and cold.there beef teriyaki was slightly better than that if you consider that it was hot... other than that not much. the meat was really tough and tasted more like shoe leather than beef. over all the high light of the entire meal was the white rice... i wont be going back.
4	All you can eat sushi! It's a pretty decent place. The rolls are really good but after awhile the flavors start to taste all the same with all the cream cheese and stuff. The nigiri is what I would go for. The tuna here isn't the best. (Especially after eating  the Toro sushi at Angotei, but I didn't expect much from it since it is ayce). Salmon is really good though. I would avoid the Seared Tuna nigiri at all cost. I expected them to sear it on the spot, but I received the fish cold and hard. Nothing compared to Tokyo Table seared garlic tuna. This deal includes desserts as well. The green tea creme brulee is alright. The flavoring just doesn't seem right. I prefer a regular creme brulee over this one. However, the mochi is good, but how could you go wrong with that? Green tea and red bean ice cream are good as expected.
1	Unfortunately, the removal of 4 stars is due to the service here. We've have been going to Sushimon for about 3 years now and sine they opened Goyemon we've started going there as it is closer. This fish is good-we never have a problem with that. We enjoy the rolls, apps and deserts. But the service is so horrendous I'm afraid we wont be going back. There is always a long wait (reservations are only allowed for LARGE parties), the hostess always messes up( shes given our spot away at least 3 times in the year and a half we've been going the Goyemon), the wait staff is just all over the place and often ignores you.  They have had a problem with the service pretty much since they opened, but we keep trying to give them a chance. The wait times of 1-2 hours is ridiculous and often it will cause us to leave. We've eaten here many many times and often bring friends who visit from out of town. My bf drives a taxi and has brought tourists to Goyemon many, many times when asked about the best sushi in town.  What really was the nail in the coffin for us was last nights dinner. It began as usual, bad hostess, 45min wait, more bad service, but the food was good. Then, we tried to use our stamp card which was for a free AYCE that was expired by mere days and were refused. The point of the stamp card is that you get 9 AYCE stamps in one year and you get one free, obviously you need to obtain these in a year so its worth while for the restaurant. All of our stamps were from the same year, it just "expired" and they wouldn't honor it. We actually have multiple stamp cards from here and this one happened to get missed the last time we ate here. Being that we have been here so many times, even before they were busy, and were denied with such an attitude told us to never return.
5	I have to say that I've tried just about every sushi spot in all of Vegas, and Goyemon is by far the best. They offer an ala-carte menu, or the famous AYCE(all you can eat). The food is absolutely awesome, and fresh. The fish to rice ratio is on point;) The service is just as good. Nice friendly, and helpful staff. This is a must go.
5	One of the best places in Vegas off the strip for all you can eat. The other place is called Sushi-mon and they share the same owner lol. The all you can eat menu is extensive. The service is pretty good as well. They are very cautious with customers over ordering because they don't like to waste food. I believe you have to pay for anything you do not finish.
4	A SUSHI HOUSE I CAN CALL HOME!!! YES, it was absolutely delicious....blasted all the other "so-called" Sushi places I've visited - Service was great, server was really attentive and the food was fresh, well prepared, well presented and well worth a visit!
5	Seriously yelpers.. How many times do I really have to tell you.. GO TO GOYEMON! BOOK A TICKET! RENT A CAR! STEAL A TRAIN! RIDE YOUR BIKE! Work up an appetite before you come immerse yourself in sushi greatness! Remember not to ignore the specials!
1	Very disappointed to start. After waiting 25 mins for a table for 2, while a small table for 2 has been open for 20 mins, 3 guys walk in clearly speaking the same language as the servers and hostest get seated in front of us and or a their party they ha to add a chair. Very disappointed after a friend recommended to come here. Even if the food is outstanding, due to the very poor service I received to start my dinner I will NEVER come back here again or recommend this place! They are very busy but that is just clearly wrong.
5	This place is Fantabulous!!The best value of AYCE sushi. This is as good as it gets, which is much better than LA's. The AYCE lunch is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95.It's opened 7 days from 11.45 am to 3 am. The wait can be long but it's totally worth it!! We came to this place twice during our 4-day stays in Vegas.Don't forget to check on their daily specials! Love their sushi, which are quite fresh & plenty of options. I fancy their pork belly appetizer and found their dessert of green tea creme brulee and lychee sorbet to be amazing (which are served in a perfect tiny size).  Like their sashimi salad, spicy tuna rice cracker, white tuna, conch, hokki. Their tempura are crunchy. There is a limitation for  uni (can request  w quail's egg) & amaebi to one per person, which is totally understandable. You can request your amaebi's head to be deep fried or as a soup. They have plenty of delicious rolls and you can order it as a half or full roll. They also offer many kinds of noodle, side dishes, curry, salad, bento box, yakitori,  appetizer, desserts, side dishesBesides their amazing arrays of items on their menu, this place has a lovely modern japanese decor and friendly staff with attentive service.
4	Great Variety, good quality, super busy....I can't agree that this is the best AYCE sushi place in the valley, however its certainly top three.  Goyeman boasts a variety on the menu that almost no other AYCE can, with the star of the menu being the braised pork belly.  This is a charcoaly, unctuous, porky explosion of delcious!!  It may be one of the best pork belly presentations I've ever had, and it's included in the menu!  I thought that a lot of the rolls had way too much rice in them, especially the 5 piece rolls (soft shell crab)  Nothing really stood out to me, and while the quality was fine, I wasn't blown away.  For how crazy this place gets, the service is very good.  The sushi chefs must be some of the fastest in town.  There is a 60 minute time limit on dinner, which I can understand but I don't like.  Don't order too much off the big menu, you'll get charged for leftover food, even rice.  Save room for dessert, the tempura ice cream is really great.
5	Amazing sushi!!! Fast and attentive service!!!! The fish is fresh and the flavor combinations are perfect. Definitely one of my favorite sushi joints in Vegas.
4	Good value, good quality fish, nice decor. I would definitely come back. It's similar to Sushimon in both price and variety but a bit better. It's newer, cleaner, and the staff are friendlier. Downside for anyone in Summerlin is that it's located near Trop & Decatur. Uni is just for dinner.
1	First of all, I don't like to give bad reviews, and I generally consider myself a patient person, but I came here after working a 13 hour shift and I was starving. Gave my name to the host for a table for two, waited a good 15 mins, gentleman who comes in after, gets seated before me, really? Um ok? Finally seated and drink orders placed, my iced green tea tastes like dirty water. Then we order a couple things (I generally don't do AYCE sushi because I find the fish isn't good) so I opted to do a la carte for my first visit. I don't like rolls with mayo, or dairy, or sauces like "orgasm sauce". I immediately noticed the rice to fish ratio was way off, fish was dry, rice was dry. Great. Now let me get to the service.....we couldn't get our server to come around once, the cutest little old lady sitting at the table next to us flagged a server down for her check and then told them that we needed our server as well. Again, never saw her. At this point it's when I contemplated walking out and leaving money for what I thought we owed. Service was atrocious. Never refilled my drink and couldn't order any more food, which was probably a good thing. I will never give this place a second try or recommend. Overrated.
5	Was super hungry and was feeling sushi was going to go to try Sushi Mon, but after taking a look at each of their websites it was pretty much the same menu and layout. So since  Goyemon was closer and I was getting more hungry me and my g/f came here and good thing too. I pretty much ate myself into oblivion. I recommend getting the spicy eel sauce on the side cause its freaking like an orgasm of flavor in your mouth =D. Also I should state their desert is also AYCE cause my g/f indulged herself on multiple mochi.
5	Most sushi bars have some barely passable fish, but Goyemon across the board is at least great, and some are fabulous.  Salmon belly, for example, is a treat.  All U Can Eat is a bargain considering the quality of the fish.  They also do some interesting roles, but order 1/2 roles so you can keep enjoying the variety.Goyemon gets crowded at times, but it's worth it; sitting at the bar is fine.  This is the best A-U-C-E that we've had...anywhere.
4	I love sushi! Especially with cream cheese! This place hardly had any cream cheese sushi but it is still overall YUM! :) Service is excellent, you never go thirsty as they keep your drink constantly full!Dinner AYCE is around $26, while I've seen lower prices. I tried the Philadelphia roll, caterpillar and Dragon roll. philadelphia roll for some reason wasn't as tasty as I thought. Any eel in the rolls I have tried are not as good to brag about honestly. I give 4 stars for the great service, and it's enough to go back and give them another chance.
4	Came here with my mommy friends after shopping at 4pm..no line. Sweet! We were sat down quickly and our server was on top of waters & drinks for all of us.We tried so many different kinds of sushi. I could not find fault with any of them.Even the desserts were amazing. My only issue was our waitress disappeared around time for dessert so we had to ask another server to send her over.If there would not have been such a delay..and we did wait a bit..I would have given them 5 stars.I will be back again soon though.
4	So i realized that they have the same exact menu as sushi mon on maryland pkwy and silverado ranch. same owner. Same price. Great rolls. Everything came out fresh. But they had great specialty rolls just like sushi mon. It took a lil long for rolls and ahi poke was so-so. People reviewing it talked about green tea creme brulee. But they didnt have it on menu. So i was a little dissapointed. But generally happy wit the whole experience.
2	Most nigiris are not as fresh anymore.No more Hungry Beef rolls.Pork bellies are pretty dry now, and the salsa on the side tasted really old.The ginger too...tasted old and DRY.   Chocolate mousse now comes in a mini cheapy plastic container.That's fine and all but...NO MORE GREEN TEA CAKE?????Why???????
4	My first sushi experience. Which is funny because the bf went to sushi school. He liked this place too. We had all kinds of stuff somethings i liked, some not so much. We did not do the all you can eat so we just ordered alot of random stuff.The ones i remembered for sure was the Pork belly dish that was amazing. And the super white grilled tuna was another of my favorites. 58$ for two people with tip. and thats without the AYCE price which is 26$ a person. The staff is good and the service is quick.
3	After the epic meal in the tatami room hosted by Tony T. (see my review for the event), Eric R. bugged me to return here for dinner.  We arrived on Saturday around 7 and were seated immediately at the bar.  The AYCE is an amazing deal, as it includes the specials on the daily special board, grill items, salads, rolls, nigiri, and all sorts of other things.Some of the new things I tried included the grilled tofu which was quite tasty and amaebi shrimp head miso soup.  The shrimp were a bit harder to eat since they were not fried, but the flavor of them in the broth was good.  The mackerel was cured wonderfully.Since we were at the bar, we had a nice view of the crazy action here.  We were taken care of by 4 different sushi chefs, and it took me awhile to even start a conversation with Chef Jun, a real Japanese chef yay!, in front of us.However, the biggest disappointment is the rice.  Sushi is all about the rice.  The volume of this restaurant is huge because of the crowds, and the rice is not acceptable for sushi rice.  First of all, it was HOT.  I am talking just made, no cooling/fanning and hardly any vinegar/seasoning.  HOT rice with ice cold fish tastes bizzaroooo.  It ruined the meal.  I noticed the first time we ate here that the nigiri slices were all out of whack.  Because of the volume, the slices are not cut with precision but with speed.  I watched the chefs cut awkward nigiri slices that barely covered the hot rice.  Eric R. asked Chef Jun about the rice.  He said they have such a demand that they just use hot rice, and he apologized because he knows it is just like sushi faux pas 101...most sushi restaurants I have been to make rice in advance.  As someone who learned how to make the rice from a local Japanese market recently, I know that it requires 45 minutes to an hour of fanning and cooling prior to serving, and that is for my small batches (3 cups at a time).  Though there is a lot of variety and I have no complaints about the service or quality, I could never enjoy hot rice touching cold uni or cold amaebi or cold hamachi...you get the idea.
5	Arrived at midnight with immediate seating. Pretty good for ayce and hours are convenient for casino workers and anyone working the late swing shift. Orgasm salad is a must along with pork belly. Nigiri was perfect and not too much rice compared to other sushi spots.
5	I hope nobody reads this cuz I don't want to wait 3 hours instead of 2. This is my favorite restaurant. I can eat here every other day.  Please open one in Dallas!Btw I don't think this restaurant is owned by Asians cuz the service is pretty friendly good ... I kid.
4	Went with a rookie. Got seated right away....I know right and it was a Staurday night 8ish.Did the AYCE. OMG really! They just keep bringing more. The pork belly is my favorite and tonight it was a bit off. Everything else was super. My cohort enjoyed the first time experience and said it would not be long for a return visit. Service was great! Sushi chefs were busy ,busy ,busy and it all came out great!  Help me out to the car, need to get home before I pass out. Good job folks!
4	AYCE appetizers, AYCE daily specials and AYCE dessert.  That, to me, is what makes Goyemon stand out above the competition.  We're not just talking miso soup or mochi ice cream either!  Delicious pork belly, yummy grilled veggies, daily sushi specials, green tea cake, black sesame creme brulee...these are some unique offerings.Sushi here is good, and the daily specials always offer a good variety of fish to try.  All of my visits start out with me ordering one of every special, both sushi and grilled items.  The one thing that I haven't really been fond of is the rice.  I know that they get very busy, but it seems like their sushi rice is almost fresh from the rice cooker; by time the sushi gets to the table, the rice is warm and the fish feels like it's been sitting at room temperature for a while.  It's never been bad enough to ruin a meal, but it is something I notice each visit.  To be fair, other people I've dined with either don't notice it or it isn't a big deal, so it could be a personal thing.Outside of my little rice quirk, Goyemon is a solid choice for sushi.  It has a big roll selection for your casual sushi friends, as well as a good fish selection for you nigiri folk.  Add in the appetizers and desserts to help cleanse your palate, and you have a dinner spot fit for most, if not all of your friends!
4	I was disappointed with my last visit to Goyemon so I am knocking off a star...First off, Freds, the amazing sushi chef that took such great care of us when we'd go in for lunch, it no longer working for Goyemon.  We enjoyed having Freds make us surprise rolls as we devoured nigiri, and he was a GREAT conversationalist. I have yet to experience the same type of friendly customer service from the other chefs that work during the lunch hour. More importantly is the waitress service. The first time they forgot our edemame it wasn't a huge deal because, like I said in my original review, that's just more room for more fish. But this last time, I actually DID want to munch on some edemame as we waited for our food. What reasonable excuse is there for it to take over 20 minutes to get some damn edemame at a sushi joint? None. Drinks were slow to get refilled, plates were slow to be bussed. I understand that the space behind the sushi bar is limited and so it's difficult to have more then 2 sushi chefs working, which can sometimes result in the sushi coming out slow. The management at Goyemon really needs to either hire more wait staff, or better train the ones they do have, because a great sushi eating experience should not be soured by slow and inefficient waitresses. Goyemon, I still like you but if you keep this up, I am going to have to find a new spot to fill my urges for raw fish. :(
5	Oh man, that was awesome. First time back in seven months and I loved it!I was struggling to hammer down a time and date for dinner here after missing out last week (due to a 2 hour wait in the late evening). Thankfully, one of our friends invited us here out of the blue. Of course, I could not refuse. We picked up enough people for a party of 10 (ended up being just 9) and got seated much more quickly than expected.After sitting down in the side room, I immediately took to sampling the specials menu, and oh man I loved the grilled super white and the grilled cajun salmon. The cajun salmon might not be to everyone's taste, but I really liked how the light sweet sauce (same one as on the pork belly?) balanced out the cajun flavor and how the salmon was cooked just right. But the super white was out of this world tender and flavorful. You simply must try that.I must pause to mention that the food came out pretty fast, and we generally found ordering not to be a hassle, except for the hiccup of having waiters switched on us. The special nigiri were pretty good, but they weren't that distinctive except maybe the conch.  The standard nigiri were all great, as expected, as were the appetizers and desserts. I also really liked the sashimi salad even though the sashimi pieces were small and the helping of crab modest, but it's still nice. With all the special items, I barely had time for rolls, but I did try one piece of someone's magma roll. it was pretty good but not my favorite due to spiciness.The best part of the night was easily enjoying five orders of pork belly (2 pieces each), and the next best part was having about six orders (six pieces) of cajun salmon (because people were full or just didn't feel like it). In my book, Goyemon has the edge over Sushi Mon mainly because of that pork belly. I could have easily eaten that fat-filled, sweet sauce-covered goodness all night. Thus, this is still the Vegas-area sushi place that I'd recommend for dinner over all others.
5	When you see AYCE and sushi in the same sentence, it conjures up images of sushi rolls that are 90% rice, 5% fish, and 5% seaweed.  Not so with Sushi Goyemon!  Man oh man did they quash that preconception.  Luckily, my wife and I came during the off season and didn't have to wait as long as other Yelpers have stated in their review but it was hard to find a table so we sat at the bar by the Sushi Chef.  This was a blessing in disguise!We had Fredo as our personal sushi chef and he explained everything and how the AYCE sushi works there.  One of the best things that we did was to let him decide what to bring us. Humans by nature like to stick to things that they know and its nice to get a different variety.  He was even making creations on the fly!  The service was great and the sushi was top-notch!  Definitely more fish than rice.  Living in Chicago there is quite an abundance of sushi houses but this place blows them all out of the water.  Can't wait for the next time im in LV to pay Sushi House Goyemon another visit!
5	All you can eat sushi that's fresh, fast and reasonably priced.
4	One of the best Vegas options for AYCE. Comes to $29 and change per person for dinner before grat.Usually fresh Uni, but sometimes its a fail. Must try the pork belly (super fatty!!) and the spicy tuna rice cracker. Fresh fish, good selection of rolls... which I usually limit to get my fill of sushi. Finish with unlimited ice cream (my choice is always red bean and tempura ice cream) and their other desserts that are limited to one.Downsides? Service isn't great. Can be a hit or miss. And no RSVP unless it is a party of 12 or more for the private room. Usually a wait. But for the most part, worth it. Plus it is a good location for me. If you haven't been, it is worth trying.
3	3.5 Stars..Got the all you can eat sushi, which was good and best of all desert is included. but the desert wasn't all that. Got gassed, sigh. The place was OK looking but heard the bathroom looks & smells good. But didn't personally go check it out. LoLz. The service was a bit slow.  There is a limit to 1 hour to all you can eat people.This is an nice place to go eat baked & fried sushi rolls and a few other things. I rather go else where to eat all you can eat sushi tho. Not too into fried or baked sushi. Also my desert craze was not satisfied. =TNote: I ordered something twice and our waiter never bring it to me. sad face and I remind him 3x sigh. So at the end I just said for get about it.
5	Yelp was right! Saw the good reviews for this place back in February, came to Vegas in may, and the reviews did not disappoint.
5	Having eaten here several times, I must say I am impressed. For an out-of-town visitor, this place is off the beaten path for most vacationers so I am happy to have found it via Yelp!Every time I have been here, it has been for lunch, so I can't promise the same experience for dinner (although it sounds like everyone enjoys the evenings as well). I have also only gotten the AYCE (all-you-can-eat) experience so if you are ordering a la carte.... what's wrong with you?!?!?:o)But seriously, there are so many options and for an AYCE place, this is probably the best one I have been to in America (and that's saying a lot!). You can order half and full rolls, I recommend starting with a number of half-rolls so you can experience more of the options.The flavors themselves are balanced and each roll is it's own unique experience.In addition to the rolls, you can also enjoy a selection of grilled items. I loved the tofu!I probably won't make it out here if I am not renting a car, but you better believe I will be back to Goyemon soon!
4	This is one of the of the freshest and widest selections of all-you-can-eat sushi buffets I've ever had.  The fish comes nigiri style and you order how much you want to your waiter.  The only bad things were that the bathrooms smelled bad (they might have had a plumbing issue at the time) and they ran out of toro so if you're a fan, come early before they run out!  They limit your uni and toro to 2 pieces/person.
2	Disappointed..sushi wasn't fresh...I really wanted to like this place, but it fell short of all my expectations...Didn't have most of the dishes that I wanted, and dessert was not included during the lunch ayce..Yelp, you have failed me!
5	unbelievable.this was such a great experience for me. i have no idea why the other people complained about service.. it was top notch all the way when we were there from 4-5:30 on a friday.the all you can eat is a bargain. all the sushi/rolls etc you want to try but were "too cheap" to order can be had here. out of everything that i tried i was only disappointed with one menu option.when people say "all you can eat japanese food" i think of todai. Todai sucks so this place is quite a delight. although, some reviews complained about it not being 100% authentic ignore them. doesn't matter "authentic sushi" or somewhat authentic it tastes great
5	What better place to enjoy AYCE sushi than at Goyemon! Expect the sushi selections to be of premium quality and the fish to be fresh all the time. The definite pluses of their menu is that they offer octopus and tuna poki! Toro, uni, as usual, but they also offer AYCE lychee sorbet, mochi ice cream, and green tea ice cream. They also have a serving of their black sesame creme brulee and their panna cotta dessert which I hope to try soon.If you're looking to entertain a big party in a private section, well fear not as they offer a special room for 15. Unfortunately, you can't reserve the room, but if you have your group all together they'll be sure to offer and accommodate your needs. The service is every so wonderful, and I sincerely thank the servers for always being on top of things especially with the busy pace of the restaurant. It was also extra nice of them to offer roses to all the special mother's out there for Mother's Day. My mother was lucky enough to have one. Thanks for that save Goyemon as I didn't have flowers to offer my mother that day!
3	Good they open late, closes at 3am. Bad thing was hubby craving noodles and they have no udon but they have ramen but they don't do noodle soups Togo. They claim they only have small containers for miso soup :( so I ordered 3 miso soups and a dinner entree and some sushi togo - hope it helps fill up a hubby expecting noodles to be brought back. We'll see..As for sushi, everything came out ok. The dinner which had teriyaki chicken was beyond dry and the sauce didn't cover the entire chicken ;( Place looks clean, servers seem nice and it was more than half packed at 11:30pm on a Thursday night. Must be good or convenient but than again I'm in a city that never sleeps.
5	Goyemon is still my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in town. Their specials have been better and better each time we come and AYCE dessert is icing on the cake. The wait is really long most nights, so we have made it a point to go at the beginning of the dinner shift to decrease our chance of a long wait.
4	I've had this place bookmarked for a long time &  finally got a chance to try it out!!As with all AYCE, not everything will be the best quality, but you get good quality fish for a reasonable price.Some of our faves of the night were:yellowtail - very fresh & creamylychee sorbet - THE best sorbet, mmmmmstrawberry mochi - I love mochiunagi - good texture, not slimypork belly - great grill flavor but kinda fattysalmonscalloppoke saladcucumber saladgyozasSome of our not so faves of the night were:uni - not freshestsweet shrimp was ok tuna - not freshThe location is nice but pretty far from the strip, about 10 minutes drive.  The ambiance is really cute.  Loved the decor and bar area.  It is smaller than I would have expected, about 15 tables and a bar.The service is top notch as we were never rushed.  Even when we spent about 2.5 hours, they still made sure we got everything we wanted.  I ordered extra dessert a couple of times (hehe).Definitely recommended for being piggies in the desert!!  What's Vegas without all the munching!!  Don't forget to get a stampcard, buy 10 get 1 free!
5	OMG!!! The best sushi by far.  I am not a local, but when in Vegas it is a must to eat here.  The sushi is so fresh and everything I have tried has been amazing.  Just a tip the Giant Sushi roll is no joke...it is HUGE.   If you are doing the All you can eat be careful to pace yourself.  If you order more than you can eat you will have to pay extra for any uneaten food.  The service at the bar is excellent much recommended.
5	I have visited Goyemon three times and have never been disappointed. It has always been fresh, fast and well worth the AYCE price. Each time, I try one of the daily specials and those too have been pretty much amazing. The staff is friendly and efficient, they take and deliver orders quickly without appearing rude. I did not think much of the half rolls at first, but after a few trips, being able to sample more kinds of delicious sushi without getting full on just a couple rolls is fantastic. This is my favorite place for sushi in the valley.
4	This is my favorite AYCE sushi place in vegas. The nigri sushi has a good fish-to-rice ratio. Its the closest thing to sashimi you will find on any AYCE menu. They have nightly specials added to their menu and I have enjoyed each one I tried- especially the yellowtail with mango! Oh so yummy!The service is decent but the sushi chefs can get a little backed up. The restaurant is also rather small and they do not take reservations so you may expect to wait a while if you go fri/sat for dinner.
4	This place is one of the better sushi restaurants in Vegas. The AYCE is awesome. What I like about it is that if your at the bar, and you order a ton of food, the chefs are cool about it. I've been to other places in the Valley where they sort of give you weird looks like "This guy isn't finished yet?.." NO MF'er, I'm not, so give me some more damn food!!! haha. Seriously, The fish is so fresh here. I'm not usually a fan of rolls, but they make some bomb ones. The only complaint I can give is for the rice. While I've heard that sometimes it's hot, to be honest with you, even though I came for lunch and wouldn't have to worry having freshly made rice with my sushi, some of the sushi I received had a couple of slightly under cooked kernels of rice. (but not all of them, only a couple of pieces). And the wait staff was not around that much, but I can understand since they are so busy. That said, I would gladly come back and I enjoyed my experience here.
4	I think they are sister companies with Sushi Mon, however, the menu options are a little different.  We came here on our last visit to Vegas to try a different All You Can Eat (AYCE) Sushi Place. We got seated quickly since there was only 2 of us, and I wanted to minus a star since the service was so slow to get started, and sometimes in between, but their friendly staff made me change my mind though, and also they weren't strict on their "hour rule."The spicy tuna on crispy rice is soooo good!  It's a newer menu item, and I hope it stays permanently!  Oh and if you like spicy, then the 911 roll is SPICY!  My mouth was on fire!  I won't make that mistake again, lol.  Other than that you can't go wrong with the Nigiris, the fish tasted fresh and they the amount of rice they use is appropriate.   Be careful on the amounts you order, they will charge you if you have leftovers.  They were nice to the table next to me, and charged them for only about half the leftovers, but that doesn't mean that will be the same for everyone.As the desserts go, I was bummed that they were out of strawberry mochi ice cream, which is my favorite flavor!  However,  they had a tofu cheesecake, yes TOFU, it tastes like cheesecake, but slightly lighter/airy.  I can't wait till I can come back...I better start planning my next Vegas trip now!
5	I can't believe I have yet to review Goyemon. Since moving to Vegas 7 months ago, my husband and I have filled up not one, not two but THREE punch cards here. We brought my parents and one of our friends here when they visited from IL, on two separate occasions, and were met with rave reviews each time. Goyemon really has the BEST AYCE sushi anywhere, ever!Sure, we have experienced one or two service hiccups in the past. Yes, they refuse to put wasabi on the nigiri. Yeah, if you come at the wrong time, you will have to wait, FOREVER. But though I tend to be a harsh critic, I can't give them anything less than 5 stars because the food is always SO delicious and I promise you it is worth the wait. Their selection is also huuuge and they always have a variety of specials (we always get really excited when we see salmon belly on the menu), and I have never had fish here that was anything less than fresh and delicious!If your sushi tooth can only be satisfied by mound after mound of tasty, tasty fish, Goyemon is the place to be. This is one instance where the quality of the fish does not suffer in an AYCE setting. And if you're not a fish fan, you won't go hungry, either! There are tons of side/appetizer items to choose from, including some unbelievably tasty pork belly, and if you come after 11pm, you can have a bowl of hot, delicious ramen. YAY Goyemon. I look forward to filling up my fourth punch card... maybe this weekend...
5	AYCE sushi awesomeness!!!! We came for lunch and yes there was a wait so be prepared. The fish quality is not top notch but it is it fresh and good enough. There is a sufficient amount of rice. I like that they would add quail eggs as you request!!!! The rolls are good too but it is filling. You can request for 1/2 roll so you can try more stuffs. They gave me a rose at the end of the meal because it was mother's day weekend. how sweet!!!
4	One of the better AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas. There is definitely a large selection of sushi that you can order and other food items that you can order.  I would suggest trying to come a little bit earlier since it can get very crowded and the wait tends to be fairly long. You can put your name down and come back (or they will call you when your next on the list). They do have a time limit on the AYCE (one hour) to limit the time that you sit and increase the turnover of patrons.Some of the better sushi pieces - yellowtail, salmon, super white tuna, albacore, and halibut. You can also get uni and sweet shrimp in the AYCE but it is also limited to one order (two pieces) per person. I'm also a fan of some of their appetizers - poke, seaweed salad, pork belly, and baked green mussels. Overall, we have started to come here for AYCE more often as long as we don't have to wait more than 30 minutes (which on occasion does occur). It is a place to come when you have a big appetite and want to eat and eat and eat. And don't forget the AYCE dessert - green tea and red bean ice cream are definitely something to get too.
4	When it comes to AYCE sushi I have a pretty simple list of items that I must have to satisfy my experience and I'll usually order them all a few times throughout. - They must have shrimp tempura, which they had but it was pretty basic and wasn't as crispy or meaty as I would have preferred.  I also would mind it being a little different seasoning wise.  Also I might have been spoiled by the last AYCE place I've been to which offered golden crispy prawns. - They must have uni, which they had, nothing bad about it.  I loved the uni.  It was fresh looking and very tasty and come with a quail's egg different but perfect. I must have more of this next time.- They must have poke, which they had in tako or ahi, tasty but it was just OK.  It was more of a salad as there were a lot more seaweed and other ingredients then tako or ahi.  Little too.- Specialty rolls and dishes.  They have the pork belly which is tasty but I would've liked it with more meat or just cooked longer, firmer and crunchier too.  For special rolls I've tried the pixie roll and sexy girl roll, really liked them both. I'll try to do more specialty rolls next time since I only tried 2 and since I'm thinking I'm going to love those rolls the better. - They must have oysters, preferably grilled but I'll do battered and fried which is what they had. It was good or OK but still loved to have the grilled ones. Based on my list it was just OK for me a 3.Away from my list, they have conch nigiri which seemed cool but I found it not so good since it the first time having conch, it rubbery and tasteless.  They have baked green mussels which I liked. They have AYCE desserts which I loved, most places only offer 1 dessert with AYCE. Here I had the lychee sorbet, green tea creme brulee, and mango mousse shot. They were out of the tempera ice cream which was a bummer since that was the only dessert I really wanted.For service they did an excellent job.  It was a UYE and we did not have to wait for a table to be setup, only for the yelps to show up.  We had half of the VIP room, shared with some other loud party but it was all good since they left half way through our dinner. We stayed 3 hours and was not bothered "Hey you gotta leave". They also were cool with separating the checks for each of us.Goyemon is very good.  They have items that stood out like the pork belly and the uni with quail egg nigiri but there were also some misses.  It was also my first time here so I will have to give them a 3.5 or 4 for now with the possibility of improving after my next visit, hopefully again with my yelp posse or if that doesn't happen I'll just have to try everything on the menu.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. This is AYCE with Ala-Carte quality. Wow. Wow. Wow...Save room for dessert. The green tea creme brule is devine.
5	Geo is the best server! He always remembers our order and brings it out to us before we even take our seats. I love the variety of rolls that the chefs create, regular and specialty ones. Fish is effen fresh and the desserts are the perfect size and taste amazing. Shout out to Fredo and Hiro-our favorite sushi chefs!
5	This is one of my most favorite sushi all you can eat places! you must try the pork belly and the cajun tuna along with their shrimp tempura and their shumai.. Love it all! I would recommend making reservations because this place get super busy and you wouldnt wanna be hungry and waiting you will get grouchy watching people eat! haha
4	I had the dinner AYCE on a thursday night for ~32. Although it says only 1hr, we ate for 1.5 hrs. no rush.- No wait time. I came here before and I had to wait 45min to be seated, so we left. This time we were seated right away. It's hit or miss. - 1 TV. If you want to watch a game, they have sports on at the bar.- Fancier than sushi mon. If you have eaten there, the sushi plates look a lot prettier.- Ordered and served to me. Service was quick to average. Took 5 to 10 mins to get my orders in. Got them in bundles. - I recommend the ecstasy with orgasm sauce, spider, volcano, lemon roll?. avoid fukomaki. It wasted tummy space. - No salmon skin roll or any kind of hand roll? did i miss something? I got it at sushi mon. :/- For non-sushi, get the gyoza, grilled yellow tail, and pork belly. avoid the shumai. it's really tiny and mushy.  - After awhile, sushi got mushy, red dragon. Probably bc I was getting stuffed. lol.I drank it down was a really hot miso soup that hit the spot. - Great desserts! I had tempura ice cream and strawberry mochi. There's  also green tea ice cream and creme brulee. way better than sushi mon. ^___^!
3	Sushi was pretty good.  Loved the fact their sushi bar was high seating.  Only downfall was that it was REALLY cold in the restaurant.  I do understand that it is a trick for establishments to turn on the AC to full blast to kick people out.
5	Yummy, fresh and cheap sushi and other Japanese food. Could I ask for more? Could come back to Las Vegas just for that...
4	$21.95 - Lunch$26.95 - DinnerALL YOU CAN EAT! The best all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant I've ever been to. Whenever my boyfriend and I come to Vegas, we plan our trip around this restaurant.. No joke. We pass up on the crowded night clubs and overrated day clubs for Sushi Goyemon..FAVORITES:White tuna: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=hup6W3ATSaMlaX5K6JhZfw#L4uXfHD3OqS0_LX-wO1A-wNom nom nom.. Super white tuna obsession..Orgasm salad: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=h6wE-PUEMRAURVAcnkCHhw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wThey don't have this anymore :(.Sweet shrimp: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XoZl0rGj_ltolxQqReT4iw&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wLimit 1 order per person.. SO GOOD.PASS on these items:Uni: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mBQT2vgNoD4Z6CjVxVfHdQ&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wNot the freshest.. Tastes worse than uni from Mitsuwa. Limit 1 order per person.Poke salad: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TyHAbow61kagjlaHSCIcpA&userid=rMRSt0r8q0AvpUllXgrH2wI remember it tasting better the first time I was here.. Went back recently and it wasn't as good. Too much sauce, and the tuna was a little stringy. NOTE: Ask for a stamp card! Buy 10 all-you-can-eats, get one free!
5	Okay seriously get out of here with your bad reviews. This place is amazing. I cant wait to go back to vegas so i can eat here again. I was visiting friends in vegas and this is one of their favorite places and im so happy they took me to goyemon. The all you can eat is awesome. Though you must finish all the food you order but its soo good i dont know how anyone could leave food behind. THE PORK BELLY OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD drool!! It was the best thing ever, we must have gotten like 4 orders of it. The mingus roll is probably my favorite roll, deep fried spicy tuna, cream cheese and avacado. The seaweed salad was awesome, desserts were awesome. Im actually not a huge fish fan aside from tuna so i cant tell you much about other things. But everyone i was with loved their food. Ive been obsessing ever since i was taken here. The only bad thing is it gets really busy so you might have to wait a while, i do wish the building held more people. But that goes to show how great the food is.
4	My wife and I went in for dinner after seeing good reviews on yelp. Overall it was a good experience. I've never done all you can eat sushi before but when the sushi chef recommended it... I said yes. He told me that there was no difference between ayce and a la carte menu except sashimi. You can also order any appetizers as well! We ordered many different rolls and nigiri and all was excellent. Our chef suggested many other things which we said yes too and most was good like the fresh scallops nigiri. The grilled calamari was so tough it was unedible...minus one star. Otherwise... it was a great meal without limitations on what you can order.. we will definitely go back.
4	I used to hate AYCE sushi bars because I assumed that meant lower quality.  I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.  My hubby and I swam for a few hours and felt like eating fish.  Go figure.  I love sushi, so I told him to find a place and we'll give it a try.  When we sat down at the bar here we were asked if we were doing AYCE, so I said "sure".  I am happy to report that I saved a lot of money going that route and I ate quality food.  From the salmon to the rolls, everything is yummy.  I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.  Thanks, Goyemon, for converting me from posh single orders to a money-saving AYCE lover!
5	Great quality.... the best all you can eat sushi place I've ever been to:)
5	Umm AYCE tempura fried ice cream (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw#Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw)? Screw the sushi! Give me some more, give me some more! And the mochi ice cream too!But still, the sushi was pretty damn good as well. Really liked the ono (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw#Al3JURO9124WFj7zAI3IWw) and the almon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=QQWR5aJ8xO4korDa3bG1tw#QQWR5aJ8xO4korDa3bG1tw) they both had the taste of butter, delicious sweet butter of the ocean. Also found the hamachi and the cajun albacore (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JyxHvtj-syke7m9rbza7mA?select=hhmo9Y-ZKcA8Bd-UvtDJTA#hhmo9Y-ZKcA8Bd-UvtDJTA) to be just as delicious. The cajun albacore was an interesting dish considering you won't find it at most sushi places, but definitely had a smoky, spiced up flavor that matched well with the fish. Can't really go wrong with what you order, just don't order a lot of rolls with a lot of rice or fillers, cause it does fill you up quickly. Then comes the dessert, mochi, lychee and other fruit sorbets, ice cream, and tempura fried ice cream. If you're an ice cream person, this might be worth the whole price tag of the lunch or dinner itself. Enjoy!
4	Came here for all you can eat sushi for lunch.  There is a decent selection of fish and the ice creams were really good.  It is difficult to try a lot of dishes though since I had to eat all the rice with the raw fish.   If you get tired of eating typical Las Vegas buffet, this is a good place to try.
4	My family was in town and since they have not experienced AYCE sushi of this type yet, I decided to take them to dinner here. The wait for a table was about an hour - we got half of the "VIP room" near the cash register as there were 6 of us.I think we came at a good time, the fish was incredibly delicious. The pork belly, surf clam, octopus and yellowtail were the big hits of the night. I noticed however that the fish-to-rice ratio for some nigiri was a bit smaller compared with the last time I was here.Gluten-free note: some of their nigiri (like the albacore and the seared items) are seasoned with ponzu sauce, which is a citrus-based soy sauce. Soy sauce normally contains wheat. We asked if they could leave it off, but the server said the sushi chefs prepare them in a batch with other people's orders and thus could not (or rather, would not) prepare it without the ponzu. Bah! 3 stars for this. I wonder if we had sat at the bar that the chefs could have done something.Their dessert offerings for dinner seem to change. I remember the last time I came here there was a plum wine jelly. This time it was just the creme brulee and chocolate mousse, along with the ice cream.
5	Open til 3am?  Was this place MADE for me?!My hubby and I stopped in here last night after the movies.  We made the choice to come based on the fact we'd heard they stay open so late and seeing as it was already close to midnight, it sounded perfect.When we arrived, we were greeted so pleasantly by the host.  There wasn't an empty table in sight as I've experienced with most AYCE sushi places, but geeez, even at midnight?!  I shouldn't have been surprised :)  We were promptly seated at the bar where I had a great view of the chefs preparing yummy sushi masterpieces.  Unfortunately (for me), I'd already eaten before the movie (and boy did I EAT!), so I didn't feel prepared for AYCE.  Their menu has a lot of variety, however, so I didn't feel left out and deprived for long.  I decided on the ahi poke salad, which was great!  My husband, of course, went with the AYCE and he was pretty impressed.  His favorite was the rainbow roll.I've never sat at the bar of a sushi place...crazy, considering how many times I've eaten sushi.  There is something VERY pleasant about watching the rolls being prepared and interacting with the chefs (who, by the way, are so ridiculously friendly and attentive at Goyemon).By the time we were getting ready to leave, it almost felt like home here.  Everyone was so pleasant and the food was incredible.  What more could we ask for?
5	best AYCE in las vegas. seriously. the fish is fresh. the dessert is delicious. the way they prepare the sushi is awesome.every time i come to vegas, goyemon is on the list of places we HAVE to go. i live for their pork belly and super white tuna. and crispy rice. and their lychee sorbet... okay, i just live for goyemon. on the weekends the dinner wait could reach an hour. go ahead, bring a book and wait....it. is. worth. it.
2	Not a huge fan of this place. There's plenty  of other all you can eat sushi places (Sushi Freak) that serves similar items with better service. The time it took them to bring out cooked dishes was insanely slow. We ordered chicken skewers and it took about 30 mins to get there. We had to flag down the waitress to get our tea refilled but the only plus was we got our sushi fast cause we sat at the bar.
5	A fistful of fish....One more drop in a sea of reviews about this place will not make a difference, noting new to say nothing old, only fresh sushi and great service. I usually don't like to do the all you can eat option, I tend to eat a little bit more than I normally would and with the shortage of fish we're facing it feels almost immoral to over eat something that is close to extinction, I rather be part of the solution and not the problem but I'll worry about sustainability some other time, my ancestors never did, I would've loved to try grilled mammoth, ride a unicorn or date a mermaid but they finished them all and now I'll have to settle with what we have left. Having said that, ayce gives you the opportunity to try new things that you wouldn't try if ordering from the menu a la carte, so get the all you can eat once, try it all, the good, the bad, the ugly, pick the winners and next time you go back you'll impress your girlfriend by ordering only the best, and if she's not impressed by your sushi expertise, don't worry you can always get you a new girlfriend......there's plenty of fish in the sea.                                Doctors recommended
4	I love Goyemon, for about $27 dollars you can't beat their all you can eat, they even have a great deal on lunch, the lunch special is $13 but I always break down and eat the AYCE!!! Great cuts of fish for AYCE!!
5	Lot better than I expected. Love sushi and these guys get a 5, half a star more for exceeding expectations. Fish was fresh, rolls were perfect without 100 pounds of rice. Even though we didn't AYCE it for those that are hungry it's a bargain, do it. Salmon, yellowtail and white tuna sashimi, bomb. I love hand rolls with no rice, chef refused to make my hand rolls with no rice but made them a cut roll instead and he hit it outta da park all, great rich fat rolls with no rice, great job. Those of u that love Philly rolls, try this it's hella worth it, order their Supreme Salmon roll and ask them to add the cream cheese, it's a buck more, but worth it. Next time in LV, would def go back.
4	This place is pretty decent for an all you can eat sushi joint in Vegas (better one in California). The service was mediocre at best. The waiter didn't seem to give a shit at all. I really don't remember him saying much to us at all. Silent nods behind his little notepad were all we got. Green tea creme burlee was not worth having, pork belly is not the best either. Everything else I tried was tasty. I was impressed with the extent of their dessert list. All in all, good sushi and iffy service. Wait time was about 45 minutes.
5	I tried this place about a month after the grand opening. Its a sister company that Sushi mon owns, I think, anyhow the place is beautiful and servers were ready to serve. All you can eat style, sushi was fresh & hella tasty, sushi chefs were speedy but precise , servers were good in keeping up with orders and maintaing a clean table. Another real good sushi joint to try.
2	Arguably one of the best AYCE sushi spots in Clark County, located south of the intersection of Decatur and Tropicana. Very nice setting and condensed so that service can be more closely-knitted. NOT. This place had very high expectations and anticipation from me. Not only because of the amount of praise it generates but i is also the sister sushi-house of Sushi Mon which is located on Silverado Ranch Blvd and Maryland Parkway. However, based on what all my friends told me and all the yelp reviews, it seemed pretty decisive that Goyemon had an edge. Only for me to say HELL. NO.I came here on a quiet Saturday afternoon with two friends who I picked up from the airport. We began with the classic yellow-tails and Volcano Roll. I understand that volcano roll can take a little while but really, 20 minutes...? Especially when there's maybe like 3/4 occupancy in the restaurant, you would expect much quicker. I mean, don't get me wrong, the quality of the roll was amazing, but to take 20 minutes is no justification. I'm a hungry guy, when I'm in an atmosphere such as AYCE, I'm there to be in for the kill. Right after the Volcano Roll, I asked for the ecstasy and philadelphia roll. Note, everything I order is half rolls, not full. I like diversity over quantity. This time, it took somewhere from 10-15 minutes..... COME ON. These chefs are professional and I understand that they can be under duress but I'm SURE that this joint has been under far more pressure ever than by one single person with that being just me. How can it take nearly 40 minutes to make 3 half rolls???? I can run to the strip and back in that time. (Ok not really). Then I just ordered the sunrise and sexy girl rolls and after that, I was way too frustrated with the incompetency of the services so concluded with my mochi and green tea ice cream. And no, it's not because of the chefs. The table next to me which had one less person ordered rolls later than me and received them before me. Not to mention, they are FULL rolls. NOT HALF. If anyone can PLEASE give me a logical explanation for the terrible service, I will be happy to give you my stamp card which is at 10, making my next visit free. Yet, for a tab at $70, my friends and I ended up paying $10 for service. Obviously they feel the need to tip just because they feel bad. But I don't feel bad. Feeling bad is for all the hungry kids around the world. Their terrible service may be explained that they like to stall me so that my stomach can process foods faster and make me full quicker. But that's why I'm here because I'm going to fight it if I have to. They may have done this so that my stomach can process the foods faster and to make me full quicker. Nevertheless, a business tactic that I don't appreciate because they don't appreciate my business. Make no mistake, this review is subject to change because I do hope that they can make up for their stupidity. The food quality is the cream of the crop. But if they choose to fail me next time in serving me, I will pay the price and no tip. Then I'll never return, only to keep my commitment to Goyemon's sibling, Mon.
3	Unlimited sushi for 30 bucks. I did it in a heartbeat and I do not regret it. The waiters don't really wait on you hand and foot you have to track them down just to order more sushi but I had such a good time with my friends but I didn't really pay attention. Tips: 1. Make a reservation!2. Go with a group of people (I went with 7) who like sushi that way every one can have the unlimited sushi and you're able to try more dishes. 3. Their mochi ice cream is DELICIOUSSSSS
5	Okay, in for a convention with the kids.  Waited for a table, but while waiting was treated to the most beautiful eye sushi.  We don't eat seafood-learning, but we almost did because everything we saw looked so good!!  We had the pork belly for an appetizer, lucious yum.  The California rolls that came with our teriyaki combos were so incredibly fresh!!!   The teriyaki chicken and  beef were delicious.  My youngest, 6 really enjoyed the orange chicken.  And we all enjoyed the gyoza.  Will pass on green tea creme brulee next time.
1	This is a hip place for me, food is ok but the service is just ridiculers. I always think nowadays all business owners should know what means by "treat your customers like your guests" until last night. We ordered 4 all you can eat sushi and after 15 mins, 3 friends wanna join us. No one was waiting for table and there is an empty table next to us. The server stated that we cannot be able to put 2 tables together. They explained they started all you can eat sushi in a different time, if we merge together, they can't keep track. It is definitely not my problem; we just wanna have a good time together. They should give us alternative. We then even suggested we can do separate check, they still don't let us. The Spanish Speaking male server even gave us an attitude. I think I should look for another sushi restaurant.
5	Totally agree with Anthony M and i can see why Nelson Q is the duke of the place.Most AYCE places have restrictions on a few items and i get it you cant have a giant stock of sea urchin in the back and no way in hell is one guy going to eat 40 of them expensive prickly buggers. I get it. But restrictions on ice cream mochi?? You telling me i can eat as many rolls that contain soft shelled crab or all the yellow tail and fatty tuna nigiri i want but i'm limited to ONE sphere of ice cream covered in sweet rice paste??NOT Goyemon...Here you can pig out as much as you want. Had the spicy ass 911 roll and want to order an ice cream because 2 glasses of water, 3 packets of sugar, 3 bits of a spider roll, almost licking the plate the pork belly came from didnt work?? (true story) Well order some ice cream! It's dessert time and you've already ordered an ice cream? Well order some more ice cream! Damn that lychee sorbet hit the spot but you want another? Yeah you guessed it...order MOAR ice cream!!!And the big ass list to get me some of those 'useful' clicks from you guysCrispy Rice Cracker Spicy Tuna thingie - Oh man this was awesome, Crispy rice with spicy tuna on top with some sauce i think it was yum yum sauce drizzled on top oh lord this was goodPork Belly - Being Vietnamese i've been eating pork belly most of my natural life...These grilled pork bellies are something else...Too much sauce on the pork belly? Still delicious. Not enough sauce on the pork belly? Still smokey grilled taste deliciousDeep Fried Prawn Heads- If you like prawn heads then order a batch of deep fried prawn heads they are AMAZING. If you dont likek deep fried prawn heads order a batch for someone who does like prawn heads.Yeah i'm gonna stop reviewing now...making me hungry.
5	I think it's about time for me to write a review for this place... I enjoy coming here with great friends and family and taking advantage of their all you can eat sushi special, it's always my preferred choice if your a sushi lover. The one thing that stands out to me and a must try! Is the pork belly. This dish is addicting melt in your mouth teriyaki glazed goodness. I could never get enough of that dish. Also if your a spicy kind of person you must try the 911 roll, tried it last night with some friends as a dog dare and maybe next time we'll do the extra spicy for shites and giggles....The friendly staff and ambiance is welcoming from beginning to end. Your greeted when you walk into the doors with "irrasshaimase" by the sushi chefs. However the wait at times maybe long but that's because this place is the BOMB! I don't mind waiting 20-40mins. for a table, maybe not at other sushi places. But at this place waiting for table is worth it once you get seated..
3	Tried this place for dinner on a Saturday night and it wasn't as busy as I expected... the majority of the tables were full (with 3-4 opened) and the bar was full but there wasn't like a huge line or anything alas, my mother and I came in trying their s.s. combination, sashimi delux and yellowtail collar. I don't know why but whenever I get sushi with my mom, we never actually try the rolls because she likes eating a variety of things (not just rolls) so the combination was a good choice for us. but I def want to come back and try their pretty looking rolls!!the s.s. combination had these really yummy beef and fried salmon. I loved that their order of tempura was not padded thick with flour. it was so light and therefore, so yummy. the tuna roll is so-so so, I wouldn't get it again (no flavor or spiciness) and additionally, I wouldn't try their california roll again. it just didn't taste right, which is weird because how can you mess up california rolls. PROS:-their sashimi is cut SO THICK. it was amazing. amazing hamachi, you could taste the freshness. -the nigiri was very yummy. basically, nothing is wrong with the fish but the rolls included were off-putting. -staff is so attentive and nice. the sushi chefs are hilarious to watch because they're so quirky! I'd recommend sitting on the bar. :) no cons in particular EXCEPT I thought the tuna sashimi tasted VERY weird. for all the sushi foodies out there, you can just tell when fresh raw fish doesn't taste like how it should be. I also thought the color was not a natural shade of dark red/maroon which heightened my suspicion. Though my mom disagreed with me at the time, there were only tuna slices leftover on our plates.the food is decently priced. all-you-can-eat buffet for $27 a person. though since there's so many sushi places here in vegas, I don't think I'd necessarily come back again unless I'm in the area.
3	I gave this place a second try (my first time was very bad)...But I give it a try again because my friend recommends the fish here is very very fresh. SO first we arrive and wrote our names down and waitress told us it will be around 1 wait but they will give us a call 10 mins before the table is ready. SO they called us and we told them we will be arriving the restaurant within 5 mins and waitress says OK...NO PROBLEM and we got there and told the waitress we had arrived....AND she confused us with someone else and say that "OH I ALREADY GAVE YOUR TABLE AWAY BECAUSE YOU DID NOT PICK UP YOUR PHONE, SORRY YOU HAVE TO WAIT AGAIN" SO we were all kind of mad...with the attitude that was given to us. We showed her our phone call log, that we were on the phone with them for 1min 16 seconds. then the waitress did not apologize, she jsut went "OH, COME OVER HERE" and sit us down. Just as we thought we can finally eat!!!!!!!!! I ordered the yellow masago (not sure what the real name is) I ate the sushi...then I felt something really pointy/sharp was in my mouth and it kinda cut my gums in my mouth. I spit it out and realized it was some hard broken plastics. I showed the waiter and he immediately took our dishes with no explanations or whatever and not even apologie. After 10 minutes he came back and wanted to offer us a new order so I was like HELL NO...and he explained that the people in the kitchen accidently broke a plastic container and he apolgoized. It keeps me wonder whether the it was the container that contains the yellow masago broke or was it another container that broke becasue it does make a differences, if it was the container that contains the yellow masago that broke I could be eating un-clean food. :(I Guess i wont come back again.
5	My son and i went here for lunch and we both loved it.  The fish was fresh and the selection they had was awesome.  If you go the yellow tail and the white tuna are the best.
5	When I make it out to Vegas again this is definitely one of the locations that I am hitting up. They offer AYCE (All You Can Eat) Lunch for $21.95 and Dinner for $26.95 MADE TO ORDER. So you are not looking at a buffet with food sitting out, for who knows how long.They offer quality nigiri sushi and the good stuff too: Uni, Ikura, Amaebi to name a few.For all those who love the rolls they have an extensive list to choose from and cooked item too.GREAT:* quality of sushi* selection of food to choose fromGOOD:* service - they get so slammed, you need a little patience for good food* price and quality - for Vegas and AYCE this is a dealOKAY:* place is a bit small, so seating is limited* make a reservation, what does that hurt, you know you are going
4	This place is GREAT!!! Get there stamp cards! But the last 2 times, there service has went downhill....Great food if you don't mind the crappy service.
3	My expectations were through the roof but they barely got off the ground.I don't know man, it must've been a bad night. IT MUST HAVE! It's hard to imagine why on a Friday night such a highly acclaimed venue would have any bad nights, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm down for a second shot at this place, but my first overall experience was very, very mediocre.The rice to fish ratio was just ugh...bad. No bueno. Yelling mercy. By the fourth sushi, there was nothing I could taste except for rice. The rice itself is so thin, almost like jasmine rice. What is this, Chinese food?? If the rice was at least a bit fuller in texture I wouldn't complain. I can also tell the rice is packed differently. It sits there like a small clump, and its hard to break down when you're chewing it. It's very laborious and completely takes away the experience from the fish. No, I don't hide my rice. I eat them as a whole with the fish. Last night I really wish I didn't. Now that I think about it, I think I did leave a few rice clumps here and there under the dish. Hmm, I never had this problem at Xtreme Sushi...The service was nothing exceptional. Our waitress barely made any eye contact with our table and was slow to take our orders. It wasn't too bad, but I expected at least to be on par with other venues. I mean, the place was not even full and the waitress was hard to find like a rare pokemon (Pikachu in Viridian Forest, anyone?). I never had this issue at Xtreme Sushi...The fish is OK. I have to say the yellowtail is my favorite. I'm so glad the yellowtail did not disappoint. The shrimp on the other hand, was not that good. Everything else was mediocre. I decide to give it one last shot and order uni (sea urchin). I really like to gauge the quality of the restaurant by eating sea urchin. Sea urchin spoils quicker than other fish, so it's really easy to spot bad sea urchin by the dull color and the foul smell. Would Goyemon pass the sea urchin fish test? Hmm...The anticipation. Man it's killing me. I wave down a waitress and put in the order...GULP!Well I wouldn't know until next time because they were out. What?!? Are you kidding me...Although Xtreme Sushi has a limit of 1 order per person, I would rather eat ONE uni than none at all.So that pretty much sums up my whole night. Will my return at Goyemon be a better experience? Movie sequels are rarely ever better than the first one, unless Goyemon is like the Terminator; mediocre first, EPIC the second. Hmm, we'll see...*Hint hint, and Xtreme Sushi on Southern Highlands is still the best.* ;)
3	Not really a huge fan of AYCE sushi.  Seen this in California since the early 90's.  It seems to be part of the Las Vegas landscape.  I guess it is buffet mentality, most bang for the buck.  You would not think eating sushi in NY, LA or Tokyo would be a world of difference but it is.  I would say that in my opinion of all the AYCE sushi Vegas, Goyemon is the best I've seen.  I was more impressed when they first opened.  They have since increased their hours and business ten fold.  Quality is hit or miss.  Probably would not recommend Sundays, that's when anything raw becomes questionable.  One of the key differences is the variety of product and the fact that they do use fresh tuna.  Everyone else is still stuck on frozen blocks.  Which btw is pretty disgusting.  I think I mentioned this before, but anything bright unnaturally pink or red is frozen.  Maybe you don't care what you eat.  A friend of mine recently said "you paid $70 for sushi?  You got ripped off,  I usually only pay $25 for AYCE".  Patted her on the head smiled and said yes you get what you pay for.  Imagine this, of all the fresh tuna sold on the world markets, some doesn't get sold.  Just like the last bunch of produce sitting there in the grocery store.  Some of this tuna can become 3 weeks old.  It is poorly handled then poorly stored.  After this some company in Vietnam or Korea buys 10,000 pounds of this old tuna that nobody else wants for a rock bottom deal.  This tuna is already starting to rot and turn grayish brown on the outside.   But thanks to modern technology, these overseas companies invest in machine and equipment that will treat the fish with coloring and preservative.  All of a sudden it's red again, not really natural red, but good enough.  Then it is frozen, packed and shipped to the US.  Funny enough, these countries ban the sale and use at home, but the North American client is big business.  That is the tuna you eat in most AYCE sushi bars.  Enjoy!Back to Goyemon who also owns Sushi Mon.  But for some reason the quality is different.   Don't order ala carte, they don't want that either, that's why the same shit is still served.  Technique on sushi pretty good.  Tuna  - usually really good.  last time they were using a cut of the tuna that most people would scrape or discard.  could tell by the weird taste and texture.  1 star.  Hamachi - always decent, but all hamachi unless wild comes the same farm raised fresh, frozen, treated with preservatives or all naturalSalmon - decent as well, though not a big fan of Atlantic salmon.  the only really healthy salmon is possibly Scottish or wild.  Seared salmon is good and gives a nice textural contrast. http://www.albany.edu/ihe/salmonstudy/pressrelease.htmlHirame - always goodPork Belly App - nice to see something different, tasty but the mango salsa needs some workKatsuo - decent, but they use frozenAmaebi - actually not bad; only one per personUni - only one order per person.  seemed like a lower grade or frozen?  never had this before, taste is ok, but there is a weird uniform color and textureUnagi - same always goodSushi rice - usually good, though the last time was kinda dry and seemed old like it was sitting around all dayTempura - yuck don't get this, might be better in a roll or somethingTamago -  good, thanks for making it and not buying frozenSuper White Toro - bleahRed Snapper - actually frozen tilapiaGyoza - same pre-packaged frozen crapGreen Mussels - yes frozen NZ Green Lip Mussels, super cheap and baked with eel sauce and mayonnaiseRolls - all good, lots of rice, you will be full after about 4 of these then so much for AYCEService - Good and attentiveAll in all worth making a trip every few months to get your sushi fix.  Not the greatest in the world, but one of the better ones here in the desert.
5	Goyemon is my top AYCE sushi place to go to in town. Their sushi is pretty fresh for being in Las Vegas with no ocean and their service is always up to par whenever I go. The only down part about this place is your full party has to be there before they will seat you.
4	We are blessed to have the option of AYCE sushi deals at pretty much all sushi joints in Vegas. So in my search of the BEST one, I think I'm going to have to go with Sushi House Goyemon. Lunch is 21.95 and dinner is 24.95. I asked what the difference is and it's just a small change-up of the menu with the addition of some extra sushi pieces. Lunch would satisfy me just fine any day.  However, if you want to try that green tea creme brule and that nice green cake in the main photo... you'll have to join them for dinner (Reminder: come back for dinner soon). The place is small and they don't take reservations. I'd say there were about a good 10-12 tables in the main dining area, and an extra 3-4 tables in their extra room in the back. So if you're planning to throw a big birthday hoopla there, make sure you and your guests come early to reserve because they won't sit you unless you are all present. The decor is simplistic but modern with their wooded ceiling framework and their fancy light structures (i think it came from Ikea).Now finally on to the food. The appetizers aren't bad. The nigiri sushi pieces are mediocre. Too little rice, and not enough fish. If you're a salmon lover, skip the nigiri and just get a salmon handroll. It's much more worth it, I promise. If you have some rice left over on the place, order the dynamite (creamy mixture of seafood and mayo concoction) and pair it with the rice, it's actually pretty darn good and compliments each other very well! I'm not the biggest roll fan but I actually enjoy their rolls here. I love how they provide the option of getting half orders (4 pieces) of each roll so you don't have to kill yourself to finish massive amount of pieces to avoid any extra charges of anything left over. There's some good and bad traits, but overall I think you'll get the most bang out of your AYCE buck here.
5	Wow. This is the best all you can eat sushi I have ever had by a long shot. Back home in Nashville, all you can eat never includes the entire menu. This place includes appetizers, basic and specialty rolls, nigiri,  and desserts! And you can order 1/2 rolls on most so that you can try as many things as possible. And the food is as good as it would be if you were just ordering al la cart. Not lesser quality because it's AYCE.The restaurant is clean and classy. It was busy but we went early and avoided a long wait. We were the only non-Asians eating there, so we knew that was a good sign! The selection of rolls is amazing. And even though there is an hour time limit, the service is fast and you can order as much as you'd like at any time. They charge you for what you can't finish, but since all 4 of us had the AYCE, you can share amongst the table which is cool and nothing was left behind. Oh, and the tempura ice cream was great!With the AYCE being only $24.95 a person, it was a great deal for the amount of food we ate and tried. I think we ate over $85 worth per couple.Would try to come back when in Vegas again. My friends and husband were raving fans and praised me for finding this gem by searching on yelp!
4	I am not a big AYCE sushi eater but with all the hype I had to give it a shot!  Unfortunately we got there in the dreaded window of a long wait between 7pm and 10pm.  After waiting about a +1 hour for 3 people we were seated at the sushi bar.  From what I read this is the best place to be because the service was fast and efficient.  We were hungry and had plenty of time to look at the menu and read yelp reviews so we knew what we wanted.  After ordering mounds of food I started to get worried about being able to finish it after it started to come.  Luckily I was with 2 men who picked up my slack, I believe this is one of the few times I got my moneys worth from a AYCE!  A lot of what we got was personal preference and following fellow reviewers.  The sushi we received was fresh as far as a AYCE sushi place I was not disappointed we got a few hot items some daily specials and some items that fellow yelpers gave high reviews on.  The price was fair for the food and quality we got, our service was fast and efficient, dessert is included in the price which I never get unless I am at a buffet or AYCE.  All in all a pretty good experience...
5	Visited wonderful Goyemon again last night with some girlfriends.  Highlights were the pork belly with mango salsa and the crispy rice roll!
5	I came here with two friends for dinner. Being an all-you-can-eat sushi place, it was very busy at 8 pm on a Tuesday night. I ordered the shiumai-steamed but I didn't like it.  Other than that, I highly recommend coming here for the white tuna nigiri and green tea creme brulee.
4	Sushi was very fresh and creative menu. Everything was delicious. Only disappointment they did not have the green tea cake I was looking forward to trying. Definitely recommend this place to my friends!
5	Loved it!  For an AYCE sushi place, the menu is extensive.  We especially enjoyed the Grilled Pork Belly, Scallop sushi and Sweet Shrimp sushi.  They added the shrimp head to our miso shiru so it had a wonderful flavor.
4	LuV LuV LuV - This sushi bar! I usually don't get to sit at a bar and eat sushi since i've always got the baby with me. But when I get the chance to sit at the bar, " TONY" tears it up!!! I tell him! " I'm a Hungry Beast" and he says " no Problem, you little CockaRoach" j.k. He says, " I got you! I give you the goods tonight!" Since I love ALL sushi Nigiri Style hands down I trust tony gonna give me the goods...And he delivers with a BANG!So, I recommend sitting at the bar if you get a chance. Why do I love the sushi here, well not only is it very fresh but it also has a Quality that is hard to find here in the city. I also like the portion to rice ratio because sometimes they give you more rice than fish and I really do not appreciate that. I also like the side items! The Pork Belly is a delicacy here that I will never not have! Also the Spicy Tuna Cracker Rice is good! mmmm... It's all good and I am just dreaming about all my favorite sushi here!!I like Mango for desert so they actually had a really nice Mango Mousse this last time that I went. I also like to look at there daily specials to make sure i'm taking advantage of the All You Can Eat!!!
5	This is the best AYCE sushi.  It is such a popular place that you should expect to wait, especially if you have a big party.  I've tried many other Sushi spots throughout Las Vegas and I'm a critic at all the others because no other can compare.  You would be silly not to get the AYCE, its soooo worth it.  I prefer to sit at the Sushi Bar because we come here so often that I don't really ever have to put in an order, they just keep serving us.  Monta Ramen after 11pm, Pork Belly melts in your mouth, if you like Hamachi Kama, it is sooo tasty (if they don't over cook it).  Don't forget to try their Green Tea Creme Brulee and if they have it, their Green Tea Cake too!
3	Frist couple times I went it was great. And now the last few times I have been going the service has been really poor. I had to get up and give my plates to the bus boy becuse they kept bringing food out and not clearing other plates.. And haveing to stop them after having an empty glass of water several times The server forgot my card at the cashier.  Food is great! but I dont think I will be frequenting this place as much.. I will drive farther and go to the sushi mon on silverado ranch.
1	A japanese all you can eat place.  The hostess was a bitch, so this place gets a 1 star.  The food itself is actually pretty good, but that doesn't override the bad service.
5	First off, TY Yelpers for the awesome recommendation here.I've never been to a AYCE where it's timed and good sushi, versus a.... buffet style.  So I was very surprised when we got to order whatever we wanted off the menu, and the specials board and paid a single price for it!You got one order of uni for the AYCE, but it was made fabulously.You basically make back your money if you eat three rolls or so.   Easy.  On top of that, it was so good, that I went back with a colleague a couple nights after the first time I tried it.With 2 people, seating is pretty quick usually except when it's hitting on the weekends.  This place is actually pretty packed.Harry is awesome (one of the sushi chefs) and made us everything we wanted although I got schooled a little for trying to order uni again - oops. haha.I would really recommend the nigri sushi, even though the rolls are great because it's super fresh.If you're pounding sushi, I recommend staying away from fried stuff as much as you can.   This has nothing to do with Goyemon's work (spider roll is YUM) as much as it fills you up, so you can't try as many crazy things.
4	I had heard from several people that this place was one of the best AYCE places in town.  It was very good, but I wouldn't say it is the best.  I live right by Sushi Mon, and we ventured out to Goyemon expecting something better, but it was pretty much the same.  I did like how you could order off the new item menu and it was included in the AYCE price.  They are pretty strict with kids eating any of your food here if they are not paying, which is understandable, but kind of hard to explain to your 4 year old when they want a bit of your roll and you just can't justify spending $26 for them to eat it.  It would be nice if they had maybe a reduced rate for kids.
4	As this was my 1st experience of All You Can Eat sushi, there are a number of words that I want to use to describe to you how I felt at the end of this meal. Words like "disgusting", "bloated", "obese" and mainly "self loathing" were the ones I was tossing around as I wondered how I would write this review. But you know what word REALLY sums up surprisingly delicious sushi in quantities that would shock a Sumo wrestler?Glorious.
5	I wish we had a place like this in Portland. I Really LOVE this place. The AYCE variety is SO awesome. Hot food or cold food. Sushi or Red Meat. For what you get, it's a Bargain!For me and everyone I know, this is a Must Stop while in Vegas.
4	Took my wife there for her birthday.  The food was good, but not as good as Yama Sushi.  It is all you can eat, but you order and they make it, which is better than making visits to the buffet line.  I read the desserts were the best part.  I only saw ice cream on the menu.  We tried green tea ice cream and lechee sorbet.  All you can eat was around $22 per person.
4	Sushi? All you can eat? In Vegas? Sounds soo fishy o.OI dislike buffets greatly because the quality of the food is usually very low and you force yourself to eat as much as you paid, if not more. Nor do I like the gross/overstuffed/ill/about to explode feeling after. Before coming here I have to confess to you, I didn't like the texture of raw fish or even the thought of eating something raw. O_OLast January, I attended CES 2012 in Vegas. My friend and I hadn't eaten all day and we decided to head off The Strip for a late, late 3pm lunch. My friend is a crazy sashimi/uni/durian lover and wanted sushi. I remember my co-worker had mentioned about how much she had loved this place. I was a bit skeptical at first. Sushi in Vegas? Really? Sounds fishy to me!AYCE lunch buffet for under $25? What a steal! The whole time we were there my friend and I only ordered nigiri! haha We really wanted to make sure we got our money's worth! It was to the point our server said, "You know, we offer other items like specialty rolls and side dishes!" :P After each bite of nigiri, my appreciation for raw fish greatly increased. :) All the nigiri we had ordered was very fresh and delicious! It was my first time trying other fishes besides salmon... fishes I hadn't even heard of. Tai? Hamachi? Hotate? Saba? Hirame? Unfortunately, we couldn't order the amaebi (sweet shrimp) or uni (sea urchin) because it wasn't dinner time yet :( Boooo... next time though!Can you believe we still had room for dessert? Yes, I got 2 scoops of green tea ice cream and a scoop of lychee sorbet. All were excellent! I was a bit embarrassed to order the tempura ice cream since we'd ordered so much nigiri already and our server put our check down at the table, which was probably a sign for us to leave! haha I guess the next time I come back I'll need to order a few tempura ice creams first! :D
5	The best all you can eat I'v been to,the place is busy expect to wait for a table but worth the wait
5	Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas we've been too so far.
5	I been to many many ACYE sushi places in vegas, however, THIS IS MY GOTO SUSHI place in town! The only down side is the wait of this place! There are no reservation, I always want to bring my friends there, which end up to be a big party then it is always a 20-40 minutes wait.BUT the wait is worth it. They have a large selection of nigiri and they are ALL good and up to my very picky sushi standard!AND another awesome thing is, unlike other sushi AYCE places, there are limited dessert you could get. At Goyemon, it is All you can eat dessert as well!
4	Goyemon is great if you like AYCE sushi. I've been probably 20 times and the sushi is always fresh and very good compared to other AYCE places (I generally avoid AYCE sushi as the quality is generally poor). Rolls are good too. You can order anything off the menu and they often have seasonal specials.If you go, definitely get the cod appetizer, spicy tuna on sticky rice, baked mussels, salmon kama (collar), moment roll, spider roll, your favorite nigiri, and their nice selection of dessertsI've been quite a few times and have only been disappointed by their miso soup (basic is terrible, the shrimp head miso is ok), and their terriyaki.Goyemon is always busy but rarely has a long wait and is open late for night owls like me.
4	Never in my dreams I would even give an all you can eat sushi another try. The last place I had an all AYCE experience was over 4 years ago. So fast forward to Sushi House Goyemon. I just had to trust Yelpers on this one and gave it a try. I surveyed the menu. Made to order sushi that include nigiris? Check. Grilled items? Check. Specials like unlimited aji, salmon belly, & negitoro? Check. Unlimited desserts? Check. Apparently I've been missing out on the Las Vegas AYCE sushi scene. So I moved here in late August and I've been back for 4 times. Once I waited for 20 minutes. All the other times we've been seated right away at the sushi bar. For $26 per person (dinner), I'm getting WAY more than my money's worth. In fact, I tend to average around $80 every time I eat here, just on nigiris, grilled items, sides, & desserts. Four stars for VALUE. I knocked off one star just because the cuts of fish tend to be inconsistent and service can be spotty at times, but nothing that would deter me from coming back. - I was always satisfied with the quality of fish they serve (for an AYCE) Sadly, their uni is just so-so, so don't expect high quality stuff. And please bring back the green tea cake on the menu! Overall, this one AYCE I would not hesitate to recommend, but I am still on the lookout for an AYCE joint that serves the freshest uni!
4	They do not take reservations so the wait is about 30 minutes.  The menu has an option of an all-you-can-eat (AYCE) dinner or ala carte. We did the AYCE and the orders came out fast, hot and fresh.  Everything that we ordered was awesome, we ran out of space before we could sample the entire menu (not that it was possible for 4 average appetite people)This is another place we are going to visit on our next trip to Vegas!
4	My roommate and friends have always raved about this place and I decided to finally give it a try. I had the all you can eat, which is always a better deal no matter how hungry you are, because at least you'll get to try everyone else's foods of your not happy with yours. Which in my case did happen. I felt like I was ordering everything wrong. Everything I tasted that my roommate ordered was delicious. The pork belly, for example. I can't tell you how many servings of those we chowed down on. Overall I'd say the red meat selections were better than the white. I usually eat chicken but like I said what I ordered was okay compared to what my roommate ordered.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! It's THE best all-you-can-eat. EVER. Lots of choices and it's always fresh!!! There was a looong wait even though we went on a weeknight. But everyone's already mentioned what to get... and the wait's worth it... and there's yummy dessert.. I'm sure you already got the idea before reading this review. JUST come here once and decide for yourself!!!! Definitely try to make it out here even if you're staying on the strip!
5	This place is amazing from the Garlic Edamame to the 27$ for Dinner all you can Eat Menu and 21$ for lunch. The entire Menu is part of the all-you-can-eat.   Make your own rolls too by requesting what you want.  The sushi is cold, Fresh, and comes with very little rice.  You have a 1 Hour time limit but it doesn't ever affect your mean.   Favorite Sushi place so far in Vegas.  **Make sure to ask for a PUNCH CARD. after 10 you get a free All-You-Can-Eat
1	Even the best food and atmosphere can taste horrendous after lackluster service and poor response. Until the current manager changes the way he handles complaints, I give this place only five more years.The restaurant was maybe 3/4ths full, so I was expecting faster service than the times I have been here when it was jam-packed full with a line out the door. Continuing, I looked over the menu (it has been redesigned), and I saw that the same favorites were in place: Braised pork belly, super white tuna, and cajun albacore. I started off the night with an order each of amaebi and uni for me and my boyfriend, and we also ordered two half rolls to start. The both of us chatted as we awaited our food, and the natto roll, amaebi, and the uni came out. I was pleased with the sweetness of amaebi and the freshness of the uni. "So, I take it that the Calico roll is still on its way?" After an affirmative, we placed a few more nigiri orders. For your reference, the Calico roll is not a deep fried roll: Just a few slices of fish in the middle and slices on top. Not a very time-intensive roll at all, so we were sure it will show up soon.By the time we finished with our sushi, we continued to wait for the rest of our orders.  About ten to fifteen minutes pass, and it seems that the sushi still has not shown up, so we decided to order some braised pork belly and miso soup. That order came fast (within maybe five minutes), and we were glad to note that the portions were larger. However, one bite in, and the insides of the belly were frozen. Maybe there are some people that like their fatty meats cold, but I personally prefer it to be warm and melty. We brought this up, and after an apology they took this to the back. As a customer, you can see the sushi chefs working on their sushi, and you can see the grillmaster who does the grilled entrees and desserts. The waiter (we later learn he's the manager) and the grillmaster exchanged a few words, kept sneaking glares towards our table, and rather than getting right to cooking it, they stood there and chatted for a better part of a couple minutes. It didn't look like they wanted to fix the problem.As this is going on, my boyfriend mentions that service seems to be slower than usual, and I cannot help but agree. I did point out to him, though, that if he would just sit at the sushi bar for once, we can get fish faster in general. Five minutes later, new pork belly arrived to the table. Blackened and charred on both sides. Well, this time they definitely made sure that it was warm on the inside. We scraped off the black charcoal and ate the belly. We inquire about the status of the rest of our order. Our waitress replied, "Oh, you haven't received it yet?" "No, we have not received it yet." She apologizes, we say it is fine, and we place a few more orders for their specials for the night, namely salmon pork belly nigiri. The rest of the orders filter in, including the salmon pork belly, but we had to reorder the orgasm sauce, the miso soup, and a few other nigiri because they lost the order. I contemplated over the service as I was savoring the fatty salmon belly. The rest of the orders showed around fifty minutes after we sat down.My significant other declares that he's done, so I decide to follow suit. I note that in the course of the extended delays and mistakes, our table time has already reached the hour. They lost our orders for desserts, and I couldn't seem to reach anyone for a response. I note that the moment I place down my credit card, someone zips by quickly to pick it up. I asked for a comment card, but not having one, I wanted to speak to a manager about our experience.She went to go see the manager, and I recognized him for helping out on the floor. He turns his back to chat with someone else for a while saw him shake his head, and decides to head over with our missing dessert orders. I thank him for bringing the dessert, though I brought up my main points, namely how service is slower than usual, and how our orders were messed up. He says a brisk "My apologies", and then he explains someone was out for the day and servers switched. I understood the first part. Yet, it was the same person who took our order from start to finish, so I asked if he was sure that was the reason why. To this, he retorts,  "You see the people waiting outside at the door? Yeah, you can't expect everyone in here just to serve you."Serious misunderstanding on his part, and he left me to fume silently. I do not like to go to places where I don't feel welcome, and while I won't judge a place based on the behavior of one worker, I will judge it based on the behavior of a manager. A place that can't take fair input graciously will only deteriorate over time.I hope that when I return two years from now the management has changed. There ARE better AYCE in town, for cheaper, just as fresh, and faster. I'll be writing reviews for them as well.
4	This is becoming one of my favorite sushi places! I mostly come for the sashimi plates, but just recently tried their All You Can Eat. It's pretty awesome how they have a stamp card for it too. Your 10th is a free All You Can Eat Session. The sushi chefs are friendly, but the staff could use some perking up. The food tastes significantly fresh!
2	Goyemon had delicious Nigiri Sushi, Although the place was quaint our table was very tight and the menus were all sticky. We ordered a grilled calamari they brought a fried one, this was very oily and chewy. Upon arrival the server did not ask for our order just asked one person. It was very slow and I would not recommend to go there because the service was so slow.
2	This place is known for it's all-you-can-eat fare, but I went here for lunch. Their lunch specials are not bad: the presentation of the food was nice, however the sashimi cuts were not fresh at all. If there's one thing I can't abide, it's bad seafood. Not only is it dangerous, but it's appalling. Despite that, the wait staff was very nice and prompt.
2	AYCE sushi plus more.Recommendation:I would highly recommend that you order some sushi first then decide if you want the AYCE.  The quality of the fish is average or below.  You CANNOT order sashimi.  In my opinion, the best was the lychee sorbet NOT sushi.  I did not find one piece of sushi fresh at all.
4	This place is great!AYCE sushi place in the middle of the desert. Was in Vegas for the weekend for work and decided to pop in here to satisfy my sushi craving.Upon entering the small restaurant, I realized the the sushi chefs behind the counter were MEXICAN!.Omg, I thought, do I eat here or do I dare risk the long waits of other ayce buffet lines on the strip? With the nearly full house crowd close to 10pm at night, I figured it can't be THAT BAD!To my surprise it was quite good!Ok not sushi sho good in Berkeley, but the fish was very fresh and they had a great selection, including the "black board" specials. The black board specials has the more exotic cuts of fish, toro, black caviar roe, kama, and a bunch that evades my brain at the moment, but something that you would pay $8-9 for nigiri for at any bay area sushi place. Black board specials are the way to go! IT also changes as the night progresses, sometimes they run out of stuff'; only to be replaced by other things.AYCE is basically off a menu, and you order whatever you want.There's a great selection of hot foods and salads, along with tons of nigiri and rolls.I don't do JIVE ass rolls like Nobu K, so I went for all nigiri.There is a uni limit of 2 pieces per person but that didnt bother me as there were plenty of other great fishes including toro, and all your standard nigiri cuts of fish.Yes the fish was cut a bit uneven and some of the rice fell apart before it made it to my mouth. but for $25 you cant beat it!Everything from the cucumber salad to fried tempura shrimp to the black board special cuts of fish were delicious including the desserts. We sat at the sushi counter and were served by the sushi chef, whom were all mexican for the exception of one -japo chef who seemed to  be the head chef.Good service by the servers and the counter chefs. I was very surprised at the quality of each item we ate and wish we had one of these in the bay area! I would definetely go back when I am in vegas next time.
5	I LOVE LOVE that they opened up a all you can eat sushi near my house. And a very very good quality one too! This is hands down my favorite AYCE sushi. They have a crispy rice roll which is to dieeeee for! Its a royal california topped with spicy tuna drizzled with eel sauce, spicy yum yum sauce. Thaaat is an orgasm in my mouth!
4	If you're an AYCE kind of person then, yes, this place is for you. You can load up on an extensive menu of nigiri, tempura, rolls, dessert, etc. and be totally satisfied.I, myself, am more of a purist. I want the best of the best so I wasn't all that impressed. It was like eating at a cut rate sushi place when really you were dreaming of Nobu or Sushi Samba.But, really, for less than $50 you can get all of the sushi you want, who can complain? I enjoyed the 911 roll which boasted of habanero sauce but totally failed to deliver (I can take a LOT of heat so take this with a grain of salt).  I actually had to ask for a hotter roll. The chefs tried a roll that was supposedly much hotter, but barely registered on my tasted buds. To be fair I was raised on habaneros my whole life so my perception may have been skewed. The tempura was delicious as were really all the rolls I ordered. It was fun to look at the vast menu, find something I found interesting, and order it. If you want to explore all aspects of sushi, this is a good place to start. The service is a step above perfection. You don't have to wait or ask for anything. This place is definitely a casual go-to spot to hang out, try good sushi and relax. Definitely recommend.
4	I decided too mix up my AYCE sushi last night. I only heard good things about this place from other yelpers and close too my house had too check it out. I must admit this place has LOT more selection then my normal spot 808 sushi. I liked the fact they had chalkboard near the sushi area they write down the special they have each day and most of them is included on the AYCE!! Something make sure take look at when deciding so don't miss anything. I always start with nigiri. Always been my favorite although I still naturally get my speciality rolls in but am old school fish and rice. I always felt that nigiri one of the best judges of  the quality of the fish. I was impressed for sure the quality of all the fish they have is excellent! The speciality rolls tried the 9-1-1 roll had nice little kick too it and the Ecstasy roll looked good tasted alright but next time try another one. The poki was solid. It usually miss comes too poki at AYCE not all place have them. Still have too give the edge 808 poki style is more local style that I love and use too. The thing that stand out about the poki here is they use some fresh seaweed along with nicely thin shaved white onion, and nice poki sauce. Tried the grilled prok belly with mango salsa. Tasty!! The pork belly perfect hard grill sear on the outside and little of mango salsa top of it. It like pork butter goes down smooth. Majority of it nigiri not go wrong with any one I pounded the hamachi, albacore, and salmon. Loving it!I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi bar really like the set up! It had lots of room for your sushi. Unlike tradition ones little further back say from the glass and see all the fish there using for the night. You have added shelf on top stack empty plates if pounding away like that extra space (minus is reach further over too get the sushi)! =) They have nice widescreen tv behind the bar. It monday night football so any major sporting event perfect spot for sushi and sports. It not like most place tv far away right in front of you. The service was awesome. The hostess greeted you and sat you down. The serve keep up with drinks full. The sushi chefs all really friendly, talk stories with them, and lot of fun. You might not want too go early because the place is packed luck out got spot at the bar. The selection is Nuts! Sure I need too go back few more times make sure try everything!!
4	This place is awesome, too bad I was pretty hungover when I ate here.  From what I can tell though the sushi is fresh and tasty.  They also tasted pretty authentic and not the bastardized type you can find in other low end sushi joints.  Too bad my stomach wasn't feeling that great so I wasn't able to fully appreciate the "all you can eat" aspect of the restaurant.  I'd definitely come back the next time I visit Vegas.
3	The best thing about this place is it is open late. We went at midnight and it had plenty of people to make a great atmosphere. They gave great quality food and the service was decent. I was relieved because we were taking my bf's sister and I was worried if we go late that the service would be bad. Not the case here the restaurant runs great at all hours. They offer ramen dishes after 11. If you have tried their Local Eats Award winning spot Monta (2nd restaurant ramen house) then you know the ramen is one of the best in Nevada.Also most AUCE sushi spots do not have this wide of a selection with options like: Pork Belly, Teriyaki Chicken, and Sesame Chicken. :D  The miso is very authentic and you can get the shrimp head in. ALSO: 911 roll is extremely spicy. If you like spicy try it! Get a large glass of water to go with it
4	Came here for an AYCE sushi lunch after hiking at Red Rock.  AYCE lunch is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95.  I think the main difference is that you can't order sweet shrimp or uni for lunch unless you want to pay the dinner price.It was so easy for us to get our money's worth here, and the quality was great for AYCE sushi!  They have a huge menu filled with nigiri, specialty rolls, appetizers, and dessert.  One caveat, you have to finish EVERYTHING or else they'll charge you a la carte prices.  Do not leave the rice behind.The nigiri we ordered:-  Super white tuna (ono) x6 - my favorite!  We ordered 6 orders of this.  -  Salmon x3 - it was ok; kind of mushy.-  Seared salmon x1 - good sear, brought out the flavors/oils of the salmon.-  Albacore x1 - good-  Yellowtail x3 - very fresh.-  Unagi x3 - goodThe rolls we ordered (the great thing is - you can order HALF orders so you can try more varieties!!) - they were also really generous with the raw fish they put in the rolls:-  Moon roll x1 - if you like unagi, get this.-  Lemon roll x2 - our favorite!!  if you like yellowtail and salmon with a citrus ponzu sauce, get this.-  Supreme salmon roll x1 - if you like salmon on salmon, get this-  Dragon roll x1 - if you like unagi, get this.-  Volcano roll x2 - if you like baked scallops and mayo, get this-  Moment roll x1 - if you like crunchy rolls, get this-  Chubby roll x1 - if you like shrimp tempura, avocado, and salmon with a slight kick wrapped in a gargantuan roll, get this.Sides:-  Vegetable tempura - came with 5 pcs - I got carrot, sweet potato, onion, asparagus, and green bean.-  Miso soup - watered down.We didn't have room for dessert, but they had red bean ice cream, green tea ice cream, tempura ice cream, and ice cream mochis on the menu when we came.  We came so hungry, and left SO stuffed.  I can't believe we ate all this between 2 people.  Totally got our money's worth though!
5	I've got to admit that I didn't like this place after my initial eating here. ONLY for the stupid reason that I got alot of shrimp tempura rolls (w/o reading the menu), only to find that the rolls included items (like avocado, soy paper, and such) that I don't like. My boyfriend had to finish so much rolls I ordered during our all you can eat venture - he kinda hated me after that.My 2nd coming to Goyemon was a SECOND COMING aka HEAVEN. Came again a few weeks ago for dinner and with a group of 7 friends. In all you can eat, a BIG group is your best friend so you can sample (SAMPS) many rolls without having to finish them all between 2 ppl (look at my previous paragraph). I let my friends order this time and they ordered correct. My favorite rolls were the Sexy Girl and ALLLLLLLLLLLLL the specials. Tuna on crispy rice was amazing. I love the texture change with the soft sweet tuna and crispy rice. But, my favorite had to be the PORK BELLY. That was fall off your chopstick tender and the sauce/marinate was so goooooooooooooooooood =) I'd take my regular rolls and dip it on the pork belly plate to mop up the leftover sauce. We had to have ordered 20+ orders of the pork belly --- I LOVE that their AYCE also includes these/all their specials. Ever since then, I've been having dreams about their pork belly. If I could come here everytime for dinner and eat just THAT and rice; I'd be one happy (and maybe, fat) lady!
4	This place did not disappoint for an AYCE sushi dinner. I would go with what other reviewers suggested to make a reservation beforehand if you know you're going there. We went there without a reservation and it was crowded. We ended up choosing to sit at the bar which turned out to be a lot more fun for us. The servers and the sushi chefs were very nice and accommodating. Because we were at the bar, there was very little wait time for our sushi and the waiter was prompt with our other side orders too. For an ALYCE sushi place, the quality was awesome. I personally really like their sushi nigiri some of the specialty rolls.My favorites of the sushi nigiri was the salmon (which tasted immaculate to us), seared salmon, unagi, super white tuna, garlic tuna, and uni. For the specialty rolls the dragon, sexy girl, and maguma. The extra stuff from the menu we tried were the ahi poki, fried calamari, yakitori, and mochi ice cream. Their regular tuna nigiri was the only let down as two of the four pieces we had didn't taste as fresh as the rest of the sushi we had that night. Compared to other AYCE places in the area, this place is a good spot to try. We had a good time and would try them again when we're back in town.
5	The best AYCE sushi you can get in Vegas. Japanese owned and operated, Sushi House Goyemon is a sushi restaurant that does not disappoint. The interior design mixes the Japanese izakaya style with the contemporary. It is a nice place to look around, and of course eat.The service is always good. The staff is quick and friendly, although they always make sure I know 1 order means two pieces. This is because I order a ridiculous amount of nigiri, but it's understandable.The fish almost always looks and tastes fresh (for an AYCE sushi joint), and the rolls I try dance in my mouth with joy. I like how we have an option of ordering half a roll, so that we can try more.Last time I came here was a Monday or Tuesday night and it was packed. Know that you'll have to wait about 15 minutes to get a table, because this place is pretty popular.Be sure to get a stamp card, too. Your 11th visit is free AYCE!
2	Went back for another friend's bday dinner. I didn't eat all my rice and they charged me $5.00 for it. How rude. I could of just hide the rice but I was too lazy and didn't want to brother with it. Left like 5-6 pieces of rice. Talk about crazy charge. Also they didn't have all the desserts. Grr..
5	This is the ONLY ayce sushi place my super picky boyfriend ever wants to go to, so it's a good thing I like it. Huge menu; everything is included as far as I can tell. It's always busy here, so be prepared to wait. It's always worth it though.The sushi's always fresh and fast, with friendly service. What more could I want?
4	For $21.95 AYCE Sushi lunch special, it's pretty worth it. We tried everything on the menu & being hammered from the night before & dancing so much @ marquee helped with the appetite.The service was friendly, the sushi was good, and so were their appetizers & special dishes. I did notice majority of their rolls included spicy tuna, which for me is AWESOME because I love spicy tuna, but if your a purist and you know your sushi, you know why they use it, but anyways ----- dessert options ... must get is the lychee sorbet & tempura ice cream.
4	This is my 1st AYCE sushi spot in Vegas & I must say I was not disappointed at all. I'm pretty picky when it comes to sushi places esp for AYCE and who runs the establishment. I hardly do tables and usually am at the sushi bar. But this time around we wanted to see why Goyemon was so highly reviewed/rated & gave it a test run. :: Pros ::1) A typical roll comes in 8 pieces and this AYCE spot lets you do 1/2 orders!! So you get to try more variety of their other items and not have to commit to an 8 piece roll2) Reasonable prices with an extensive menu (specialty rolls, baked rolls, deep fried rolls, tempura rolls, nigiri sushi, side dishes, desserts) 3) Delicious lychee ice cream i've ever had w/ lychee bits within!4) Check out for their new menu addtions written on their board that's included in the AYCE :: Cons ::1) You're only allowed 1 order of Uni & Amaebi per person for your dining session. 2) They really skimped out on the uni sushi too :\3) Can't order sashimi:: Notes ::1) Beware the menu states for AYCE: lunch per person/45 min & dinner per person/60 min. I'm sure they'll let you sit longer if they're not super busy packed 2) They do have flat screen tv available by the sushi bar for those who wants to catch the game & food at the same time 3) Pick up a frequent diner stamp card! Get 10 stamps & 11th AYCE is FREE! There is an expiration date of one 1 year from the first you got it stampedI definitely wouldn't mind coming back to Goyemon. It's a clean/modern establishment. Food & service was up to par especially for the price you pay!
1	Worst sushi place ever!I came in last night with my friend and husband. We usually come in every month but this time we will never return.   Normally, when your eating in a sushi place, the first thing everyone notice is the food, service, and waiting time. The food was horrible. I come to a sushi place to eat fish not rice. I only ate the nigiri because there wasn't much good selections on rolls. The nigiri was a disappointment. All the fish had humongous rice and the fish was not pressed down properly. Once you see the rice portion is bigger than the fish than that is an insult.  So we complained about it to our server. He said he'll talk to the manager. The server came back and said I'm sorry we CAN'T do anything about it. The manager didn't have the balls to stop by our table and talk to us. The manager has seen us a few times and he knows we tip 30% or more. Back then, the manager usually greet us and takes our table. Last time he offered comp bottle of sake but this time he acted like he barely knew us. Anyhow, we ordered a few more to see if they would fix the problem but instead the rice gets bigger every time and the cut of fish just gets smaller. We are not asking for them to put extremely less rice but balance out the portion of the fish to the rice.  Over all the server/manager sucks. Poor customer service.  Waiting time was great. There was no line, finally. Usually, goyemon is always packed and i would wait 30 mins to an hour to be seated. Thats how much I use to love goyemon. It use to be worth the wait.     Food came out on time as expected. But our server was always missing. Server just clears out our table and runs away. We always have to wait or ask the attentive host to call our server. So ordering was a pain. Overall 1 star is what they deserve. Goyemon you just LOST 3 valuable customers.
3	Whatever u do, make sure tony (the sushi "chef") does NOT make ur sushi!!! He totally messed up the uni ( I KNOW RIGHT? how can u mess up on uni?) he basically took out the plate of uni and instead of giving me the whole layer of the UNI piece, he literally kept cutting the uni into pieces and laying it ontop of the rice.. which basically turned the UNI into crumbled broken pieces. ON TOP OF THAT!!  He doesn't even know how to roll out the rice for the nigiri. NEW CHEF PLEASE!!!  not trying to be racial but, THIS IS WHY U DON'T GO TO SUSHI RESTAURANTS WHERE u have MEXICAN sushi chefs. HE SERIOUSLY DIDN'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS DOING...I know it's all u can eat, but damn can u cut the fish any thinner?
4	of all the ayce sushi places in town, this is one of the better ones. their nigiri is well portioned and isnt roided up on rice. i like how theyre smaller than some other places so you dont get full on a few when you want to try a variety. their masago presentation is always a little sloppy though. only minor gripe is for an employee. dont bite your thumbnail while you go into the kitchen and promptly bring me my miso soup with the thumb that you were biting on the inside of the bowl as the soup sloshes over your thumb. if you want me to taste your thumb, we can arrange a more private meeting.
4	always a long wait so ive heard....went there once and waited 30 mins....but once seated the all you can eat sushi came super fast ..we had a group of 6 had all kinds of stuff was very very good food
1	heard raving reviews about this place...and i really wanted to like it. too bad their service outweighs their food. went with a party of three, two of us wanted to order AYCE and the other wanted just a combo dinner. i asked if we order everything we want first or if we ordered one roll, finish it, and then they'll bring us another roll. the lady very rudely asked "if we've ever been to an AYCE before" which we have..and which is also why i asked what their rule was. we began to order one roll plus an appetizer each and she said that we MUST finish everything, including the rice and if not, they will charge us a la carte price, even if we didn't like the taste of it. this was new to me. all of the AYCE sushi places i've been to, if i didn't like the roll, they would happily take it away and let me order again. Anyway, it's not about the rule i'm complaining about but her god damn attitude and tone of voice. even the surrounding tables talked about her crappy attitude so i know we weren't thinking this in our heads...then because of AYCE rule and the one hour limit, we decided to just order off the menu.we got the sush dinner for two, one fancy smancy role and an appetizer.  somewhere along the way, another meal got added to our table. when we questioned it, she said someone ordered a combo first time around then when she came back to take the rest of our orders, she assumed we still wanted the first order. assumed?!!? if you weren't sure, why didn't you ask? she was so unapologetic about it and basically said "even if you don't eat it, you're still getting charge for it." ruined our experience. definitely won't be back.
2	This place has great sushi in a nice atmosphere. Very busy full of people and is open late at night. Their service has never been that great but the past few times I've been. There have been big problems with service and the last time I was totally ignored. It sucks because I like going to this place by my house. But like I said, I'm not going there again to let them treat me like I'm not an important customer.
4	Literally a block away from my house! I've been meaning to try AYCE at this place ever since it opened and finally got the chance. The very small amount of rice in the nigiri was a pleasant surprise and the fish was very fresh for a Vegas sushi joint. My favorites are the salmon belly and super white tuna. I also got three helpings of the cucumber side order and one order of octopus poki (yum!) to go with the AYCE. Everything else was pretty standard but all fresh.There's a chalkboard with special menu items, which included very delicious kobe beef nigiri, the desserts, and sake (the only special not included in the AYCE price).This was the first time I have ever saved room for dessert at AYCE sushi and it was well worth it! The red bean ice cream and green tea brulee were pretty darn good.The hostess and bussers were very attentive and friendly while the sushi chefs were not. Maybe it was a bad day/time or something but literally no sushi chef smiled once and when we ordered we were told to slow down (it wasn't even that much). They spent a large portion of the time talking to each other (it didn't even sound like friendly banter!)The bathrooms had a nice touch - ice in the sink. And there were hooks under the bar where I sat to hang coats and bags, which was very convenient.Thank goodness I went before dinner because the wait can get pretty long later in the day.
5	***300th review***AYCE sushi dinner for $27 is a steal especially when you're in vegas!  The sushi chefs are friendly, quick with your order, and use quality fish.  The only thing that I don't like about this place is that seating is very limited and expect to wait before you get a chance to sit down.  We came in on a Monday night and still had to wait about 10 minutes. I definitely recommend getting 1/2 orders of all the rolls so you can try more without getting too full too quickly.  Since it is AYCE, it's your chance to try some of the more expensive items on the menu.  Just see what sounds good to you and order!  Some of my favorites were the pork belly, seared tuna, sexy girl roll and the rainbow roll.  I also tried the uni (sea urchin) since it's also apart of the AYCE menu and too expensive to order for me normally.  It's very interesting.... creamy and reminds you of the ocean. Lastly, be careful of what and how much you order... if there are leftovers you will be charged the retail price of each item.
5	Best all-you-can-eat sushi ever! It's ridiculously amazing sushi for very reasonable pricing. I personally loved all of their special rolls like their Red Dragon, Sexy Girl, Crispy Rice, Hurricane, Volcano, Pixie, Spider, and a bunch of other ones! I go to Goyemon each time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Best AYCE sushi joint! Gets pretty packed at dinner time though, even on cold, rainy, week nights like yesterday... They have great selections, and you can do half rolls from the start. Try the garlic edamame to start off. Crispy rice is bomb if your ok with a little spice in your life. This is also the only place I like the 'dynamite'. I could go on and on. BUT JUST DO IT. I always have a good time here :D
5	Ok, if you decide to eat here...be very hungry and expect a long wait. BUT it's so worth it! As for rolls...I don't know what to recommend to order. Everything is so good. Nigiris are fresh! You may be better off eating/ordering fresh fish rather than those fatty baked/deep friend rolls. Pros: You can do half orders and unlimited desserts.Cons: Long wait, not good for groups (it'll be a longer wait)Must go to for AYCE Sushi in Industrial Area.
4	This place is a must try for AYCE sushi in Vegas!  My husband I have been going here for a little over a year now, and have learned a couple of things after a few (we'll leave it at a few) visits.  First thing, come early or be ready to wait.  We usually come on the weekends and if you come during peak hours you could be waiting up to an hour sometimes (still worth the wait BTW).  Second, always do AYCE even if you think you're not that hungry.  The a la carte prices can get pricey and you're probably going to end up at the cost of the AYCE anyways.  Plus, be adventurous.  We love the AYCE here partly because you can try something without fear of not liking it.  Sushi house goyemon offers a loyalty card where you buy 10 AYCE and get the 11th free, so plenty of reason to come back.The sushi at Goyemon is fresh and they are very generous.  I mostly stick with the Nigiri and the rolls which you can't go wrong with.  I'd also recommend trying the sashimi salad, rice cracker, and pork belly (mmmm pork belly!).  The desserts are a perfect ending to the meal, especially the mochi and the green tea creme brulee.The service is just OK (thus 4 stars instead of 5).  I understand that they are busy on the weekends, but I usually find myself practically having to wave my hands in the air to get attention from our server.  A little more attention would have been much appreciated.Overall, the food is outstanding while the service could be a bit better.  Still your best option in Vegas for AYCE sushi, hands down...4 stars.
3	My dad is only in the country for a few weeks out of the entire year. We tried to go to Goyemon several months ago the last time he was here and the wait was ridiculously long and the hostess was not too friendly so he got mad and we left without eating.Fast forward to today and we decided to give Goyemon another try. There were way less people and the wait shouldn't have been long but we were left standing and unattended for quite a while. My dad tried to talk to the hostess but he was pretty much brushed off. Again, we left without eating.I don't think my dad is down to try a third time and now my credibility with him when it comes to choosing restaurants has greatly diminished. I'll still eat here with friends though.
5	I love this place, except now the wait times are so long that now we usually go somewhere else when we don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table.  I especially love their appetizers like the pork belly and the spicy tuna rice crackers.  The fish here is phenomenal.  There are daily specials on their chalkboard so be sure to look at those too.  One time they have chutoro nigiri which was so amazing!!  Their desserts are also the best out of all the AYCE sushi places I've been too..I'm so addicted to their green tea creme brulee!
1	Four of us went to this place on 12/21/2012 for all you can eat dinner. All of us got severe food poisoning after 8 hours later. Trust me I am in the medical field. At first, severe nausea and uncontrollable vomiting occurs.  Next phase comes watery diarrhea for 12 hours. If we didn't eat activated charcoal to stop further toxic absortion, we might have went to an ER. Please be aware of this place, aside from their horrible service, their food is dangerous. One important thing I want to mention is their menu item "Super White Tuna", also known as Escolar (White Tuna) according to wikipedia. It is known to be toxic and banned by Japanese government!!!! But don't you worry, they serve it right  here for us who do not know. Here is your reference, http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/EscolarI will need to further research this but after going through the poisoning myself, I will never go to this place.
4	Very good sushi place about 15 minutes off the strip but well worth the drive.  We chose the all you can eat option for dinner which was around $30 per person and basically you can order anything off the menu except they will only give you one piece of uni and sweet shrimp per person.  The uni, white tuna sushi and eel were my favorite.  They have alot of special rolls as well and I really liked the caterpillar roll and sunrise roll.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars were that some of the special rolls came with alot of rice and they were just ok, I wish they also allowed you to order sashimi like some sushi places I've been to but it was still really good.  I would also recommend you order half rolls so you can try out items on the menu and definitely leave room for dessert because the mochi icecream and tempura icecream were awesome.
3	We got there pretty early and only had to wait about 30 minutes to get seated.  For $26.95, it was a great deal for dinner and the highlights were the Hurricane Roll (Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado topped with salmon tempura, smelt eggs & green onion drizzled with eel sauce spicy yum yum sauce & mayonnaise) and Pork Belly with Mango Salsa.  We ordered a lot of nigiri and while the quality was very good for AYCE, it was not good enough for nigiri or sashimi. The one hour time limit and strict rules regarding uneaten food made me nervous but in the end, we had enough time to stuff ourselves.
1	Went here for lunch. All you can eat. Wasn't busy when we arrived. Waited over an hour for initial order of sashimi.  Last order we received smelled and tasted of ammonia. Place was dirty and the bathrooms were not functioning. So after the service, the bathrooms, and the poor quality we informed staff we needed to leave and told them we did not want to pay full price because of the previous issues listed. They were unwilling to compromise, so we paid and left.  Very sad too, we use to frequent this place.Had to call the health district too.  Shortly after we left wife and I were both physically ill.
1	That's really funny that other people (yelp members) got Food poisoning from this place too! I am also in the medical field and I knew I got food poisoning. ( along with my wife). I called Goyemon to let them know what happened to us and all they said was sorry the first time. Then I called them a second time (after I figured that my friends also got food poisoning. Coincidence....I think not) To let them know that it was definitely from their food. They proceeded to argue with me and not let me speak to the manager. (actually I heard them talking in the background and the manager says its not their fault). They advised me that I was suppose to call within 48 hours and let them know. I did but I didn't remember the lady I talked to. I really think it was a bad way for them to handle this situation.They also told me that they fly everything fresh and everything on their menu is toxic free. They tried to blame the situation on my own doing. Just to let everyone know, I went on 12/16/2012.  And DUK C. went on 12/21/2012. I thought the food was amazing and delicious but unfortunately they did not own up to their mistake. I am now scared to eat from Sushi joints all because of their place. I hope this post would serve as a warning to all before you attempt to eat at this establishment.
1	I don't get the hype behind this place.  I finally tried it and couldn't enjoy the food b/c i was so distressed over the surroundings.  By far the worse customer service (if you want to call it that) and an obnoxious wait when there were tables available.  I would not return here even if I thought the food was better then any other sushi place in town.  But off the top of my head I can think of two other places I would rather go to and I know the service is much much better.
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to try it because of the good ratings.  THANK YOU yelp, I am so happy I came here.  Location is pretty small and tight so definitely expect a wait.  Everything we had on the menu was fresh and tasted sooooooo good.   The best part of this place is that it's very reasonable in price specially if you compare it to anywhere on the strip.   I have wasted so much money eating at Roku in Caesars and paying double the price for ok sushi.Tip, it's worth sitting at the bar and talking to the sushi chefs.  They offered us some pretty incredible stuff that they didn't have on the menu like Salmon belly.  Also, save a little room for dessert.  Loved their green tea cream brulee.   Will definitely go back when I visit Vegas next.
3	probably the best sushi all you can eat buffet, but they gave me an estimated wait time of 2 hours.  Ridiculous.
1	Very disappointed with this place.  Been there once  for lunch without any issues.  Raved about it to  my co-workers.  Made plans to have our company dinner there for X-Mas.  Service to put it mildly, was  horrible.  Place was disorganized because of poor  management as well as lack of servers.  They were ill-prepared for a holiday dinner rush.   Granted, not all of our party members were there at the same time.  Was it really necessary to continue intimidating our table that if our friends did not show up by a certain time,  we would lose our table?   Run by a bunch of people without any management or organizational skills.  Female serving us was rather grumpy and appeared as though she did not want to be there.  Noticed only two female servers for the evening while so called supervisors, male and female,  hung around by the order machine while everything was getting backed up and falling apart.  Too much waiting around for our drinks to be refilled or most importantly,  orders taken.  Food is good but how can you enjoy it when place is a chaotic mess.
4	I usually dont think AYCE sushi places are all that great and are often given good reviews for no other reason then they soak everything in yum yum sauce and deep fry it. This place definitely the exception to that. Easily the best AYCE I have had in Vegas.The quality of their fish is really good being that we are nowhere near an ocean or decent body of water. Also inexpensive for the price. I usually judge a place on the quality of their nigiri not the rolls. The salmon belly is my favorite! Also they have great scallops. Also AYCE includes  grilled fish which is awesome. Grilled super white tuna is easily my second favorite. The lack of 5 stars is due to the rush on getting you served and out. It gets so bad that I have been asked what I want to order before I had sat all the way down, then again 30 seconds later and again 30 seconds after that (I wish I was kidding). But otherwise the service has been great.
4	All you can eat made to order. It's definitely one of the good ones. They do have the policy of having you pay for things you don't eat, so be careful about ordering too much. It makes sense though because sushi is pretty expensive.They have a huge variety of choices, but the stand outs were definitely the white tuna and salmon sushi. However, they don't have sashimi (in the all you can eat menu) and you get full off of the rice with some of their special rolls, as they pack in the rice into some of them. In any case, not a bad place at all. They only let you order the uni and the sweet shrimp sushi once because it's  pretty expensive, but that's ok because their other stuff is still pretty good =).Stay for the mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream. Both are delicious! =)
5	The AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas are top notch.  Where else can you eat your fill of nigiri sushi for about $25 a person?  We arrived early, at about 530-545 pm and the restaurant was already full.  With only a short wait, we took two seats at the sushi bar, which proved to be a blessing.  It was so much easier to give our orders directly to the sushi chefs and instantaneously receive our sushi.  At a table, you're at the mercy of the waitresses, who are harder to come by. Do yourself a favor, don't waste time on the rolls.  Not even one.  I don't care how interesting that fried/eel sauced concoction sounds.  They are huge, heavy and a waste of stomach space. We had the Cynthia roll and a Soft Shell Crab roll of some kind and while you can get 1/2 rolls (4-5 pieces) they are clunky monsters, bigger than the size of your mouth and glopped with mayo and eel sauce. Instead, focus on the sushi.  There are two-order limits on just two kinds of sushi - the amebi (sweet shrimp) and the uni (sea urchin) so make sure you order those to the max.  The uni was great - fresh and creamy and extremely flavorful.  We also really enjoyed the yellowtail and the salmon belly and liked the halibut, aji, and unagi.  With the amebi, request that the heads be fried, because they come to you in a miso soup, which is a nice contrast to all the cold foods you are eating. Goyemon isn't just about sushi though.  They have a pretty decent hot foods menu to provide some variety to the meal.  The pork belly was tiny in portion and not super tender.  The grilled vegetables are nicely grilled.  They even have udon and a ramen which is only available if you're there late at night.  Make sure to save room for dessert.   Though they have things like green tea icecream or fried icecream, they readily admit those things are store-bought.  They take greater pride in their housemade green tea brulee, which has a sweet, subtle, jiggly matcha pudding with a paper thin brulee on top.  Another delicious dessert is the lychee sorbet, which is store-bought, but really aromatic and a nice palate cleanser.  This is no Nozawa but the quality was really quite good and for the price, unbeatable.
3	Probably one of the best sushi AYCE I have tried so far, 5 stars. The sashimi on the nigiri were fresh and with the right amount of rice. Unlike other sushi AYCE, they stuff you with as much rice as possible. The rolls are meeeh, I had better, (-1). Their dessert menu for the AYCE were good. Service on the other hand were extremely slow. We placed order around 9:30 for our first round and got our order at 10:15pm WTH? Even though it was busy, I dont think it take over half an hour to put our fish and rice together. (-1) Then continues on with other orders like our appetizers and dessert. Takes over 30 minutes for them to bring that ready made mochi out. I understand it's a busy night but they should consider hiring more waiters since it's such a busy restaurant.
4	Goyemon was a good stop before getting onto the strip! The fish was surprisingly fresh and I still wish I had ordered more of the mussels :(If you like cream cheese, order the pastel roll. I had this one last and even though I was getting full it seemed to open my stomach even more every time I bit into a new piece! One piece of the 9-1-1 roll caused me to drink half my cup of water so I'd watch out for that one! Lemon roll, not bad, mahalo roll, good. Calico roll (I think), not so good! I wasn't full, but it made me gag. I don't think I'm a fan of their cajun albacore. It looked odd upon presentation but yeah, the looks were not deceiving at all. Lots of rolls to try though and they let you order half rolls so take advantage of that!Only complaints are that it takes a while for your orders to come out and their rolls have a little too much rice.Next time I'll focus on the nigiri since their fish is so fresh and I'd rather not fill up on rice.
5	Not many people fancy raw fish, but those who do enjoy fresh sushi or sashimi have their favorite go-to place.  THIS WOULD HAVE TO BE MY FAVORITE SUSHI RESTAURANT OF ALLLL TIIIMMEEEE!  No joke.I've been to so many all-you-can-eat sushi places and tons of Japanese restaurants in my lifetime that I feel confident saying that Goyemon has one of the best sushi's in the States.  This would probably be a whole different story if I've been to Japan, but that has yet been crossed off my bucket list.  In the meantime, this place is my #1 spot.So why do I love this place?  Although Goyemon currently has 4 stars according to Yelp, I feel that it depicts this place so wrongly.  It should receive 5 1/2 stars. That's how great it is.  Being Asian and all, I have come to love rice.  White, brown, sticky, broken...I LOVE rice, just ask the boyfriend.  When it comes to sushi, the way the rice is prepared makes all the difference in the world.  Trust me, I know.  If the rice is too sticky, you'll be sitting there all day chewing on sticky rice.  If there's too much rice vinegar then the sushi rice just falls apart once chopsticks come in contact with it.  This place does it right.  They "cut" the rice in such a way that it's one with the sashimi/raw fish.  The portion between the fish itself as well as the sushi rice is perfect.  Some places either put so much more rice hoping it'd fill you up faster, but that just takes away all the trust a customer has in the restaurant as well as the sushi chef.  Bomb dynamite.  A lot of sushi places are starting to add rice at the bottom of these delectable appetizers, but it's really taking away the taste of this delicious dish.  Goyemon thankfully doesn't do that. Mussels.  Can't go to a sushi restaurant without getting mussels... If they ever provide this option as a part of the all-you-can-eat-deal, then I say get it.  This is the salmon belly.  What's great about it is, is that it's very much like salmon, it just melts so much more in your mouth.  You've got to try it if you can.  And the one fish I can never cheat on, white tuna.  My absolute favorite. Generally at all-you-can-eat places I leave a little room for dessert.  Goyemon's lychee sorbet dessert is one of a kind (to me).  It's not your regular sorbet, a little bit more on the sticky side as if you were chewing on mochi, but not as chewy as mochi.  That may not make any sense, but in a way it melts nicely in your mouth, sort of like soft, snow that is just falling down. If you plan to eat there, make sure to head there early in the day right before they open.  It's a little slow at first, but it quickly gets busy 15-30 minutes later.  It's so packed, people are just waiting out the door.  What's even more interesting is that the location isn't even that great.  It's a little off the strip (15 minutes away), but I love that about it.  It attracts locals and very few tourists go out there so you aren't bombarded by tourists even though you may considered as one. Already missin' you....Lina Chen
5	I love sushi! I am always on the look out for great AYCE. About a year ago my friend took me here and now I am hooked! I have yet to find anything better. I WILL ONLY GO TO GOYEMON!! Fresh, unique, satisfying, great daily specials, and just yummmmyyyy! They have good customer service for what it is. They are always busy except during early lunch hours from my experiences. People are ordering crazy amounts of food. Most of the servers are on it!  I also love that you can take your time. There have been times when a group of friends and I have been there for almost 3 hours! There are so many delicious items available for AYCE it's ridiculous but awesome. My favorite roll is the hurricane. Always check their daily specials board. Amazing grilled squid, cajun salmon, and unique fresh fishes. The garlic edamame is the way to go. Buttery, garlicky, little morsels of deliciousness! The shumai (fried) rock my socks off. I could go on and on about the deliciousness that is Goyemon! This is the place to go for stellar sushi! and AYCE!
4	I have been here so many times, and well all I can say is that the food is awesome, the waitstaff is great, and the sushi chefs are professionals Every time the food comes out, it is always so flavorful and fresh.  The time of waiting for food is ok, and the sushi chefs are always fast and nice.  My favorites are the sexy gril, ecstasy, and the pork belly.   This place is always busy so get here early if you dont to wait too long.  The only reason why I didnt give it a 5 star, is that the last time I came in the hostess was so cold and rude to my family and I.  She was not friendly, when we asked a question it seemed like she would not want to talk to us, and her body language was down right rude.  I understand it was a busy night, but she should be able to still be friendly.  It made many of my family members uncomfortable.  Everything else in the restaurant was awesome, but you know have that hostess just to lighten up.
4	AYCE in which you order off a menu, so it's all fresh. Stick with the nigiri (it's the perfect bite sized portion). The rolls will just fill you up.Come here right when they open on a weekend to avoid waiting. *To maximize your money, DON'T BE SHY when ordering. The server never put a limit on how much food we could order at one time.
4	Came here for the first time the last time I was in Vegas.  I came with a bunch of friends and we ate the all you can eat.  We pretty much tried all the sushi with ahi in it.  We are definately coming again.  Be sure to look on both sides of the menu.  There are many dishes so order half orders and if you find something that you really like then maybe order a full order.  They have your traditional nigiri sushi and many custom rolls.  Service is a little slow so order a couple of items.
5	Seriously one of the best AYCE dining experiences I have ever had!!!!This is being said by someone who avoids AYCE (unless it's KBBQ) like the plague!!!!The menu is very creative and tempting and there are things included with the price that you would never expect at a sushi AYCE like desserts and ramen!!!!The price is just above $25 which seems like a lot but pretty much everything is covered by that money - including your drinks!!!!Sit at the bar!!!! The sushi chef and his accomplices are pretty cool and not shy at all as they will suggest you eat what is good. This is actually a good idea since there is actually a time limit. Funny, a couple of times they gave us random items with our permission and we thoroughly enjoyed them. Needless to say I am an extremely picky eater and I hate avocado. We just told them to hold the avocado and they didn't make a mistake once! I liked everything I ate pretty much!!!! I enjoyed the J.J., Tiger, Rock n' Roll and Sexy Girl rolls the most. The Dynamite which is one of my BF's favorites is really good here! The desserts are to die for here!!!!Service is pretty good. Few mistakes if any and the servers didn't ever have to be reminded about what we ordered! Give them credit, people order a lot of food here!The interior of the restaurant is pretty nice looking! This place attracts nice people apparently. I chatted with some guys at the bar and some other guy while I was waiting to use the bathroom. This says a lot about the food and ambience!!!! Of course they started the conversation in both cases. I'm usually quiet but the people here are soooo cool I broke out of my shell a bit!This is definitely not a place for sushi snobs and I LIKE IT like that!!!! All the fish tasted fresh and was always very well complemented by the other things the chef put into the rolls. There is only one drawback here, all that being said. You will most likely have to wait at least half an hour most of the time. That's how popular this place is!!!!There is ample parking as this restaurant is in a newer good sized strip mall.Trust me! This is the AYCE experience of a lifetime!!!! I am not into buffets (ugh!) or AYCE (if it's not KBBQ) but this place makes me forget how much I hate most AYCE/buffet establishments!!!!
4	Came here based off of a few local friend's recommendation and definitely glad I tried Sushi House Goyemon. I tried calling to make reservations, but they don't take reservations. I asked how long on average the wait is and they couldn't really say and when I asked just give me an approximation, they told me they have a wait every night. All I wanted was an answer of "the wait could be X min to Y hours"...but the hostess on the phone gave me a long run around...alittle annoyed.Upon arriving, it's located in a strip mall about 1.5 miles away from the strip. They have a time limit of 1 hour, which is plenty to get full in one sitting, and have selected pieces, the sweet shrimp and uni, to 1 order (2 pcs per person). After ordering, our food took quite some time to come out, about 25 min or so...seemed to take forever. we didn't go overboard with order the 1st round because they said if you have left overs or leave the rice, the restaurant will charge you a la carte price. So 2nd round we went overboard ha....ordered what we really liked from 1st round. Top contenders are:Super White Tuna (Pure awesome...must try as I've never had it and it was fresh and just umami delicious!!!)AlbacoreHalibutHad a great time, didn't feel like we were rushed, good choices for sake and beer, but didn't get to try the tempura ice cream as they were out...I believe the AYCE is around $25-26 for dinner. I'd like to come back again but just make sure you come on a very hungry stomach so you'd be able to take advantage of the AYCE sushi.
5	Wow, no wonder this place is hopping.  The food is great, and the All You Can Eat dinner deal amazing for 26.95. It includes most of the regular menu items, like the yummy pork belly appetizer, and every roll on the menu, of which there are like 100 different kinds.  Plus, the service was fantastic, friendly and fast. The pork belly appetizer was juicy and yummy...probably our favorite thing.  I would  recommend ordering it off the regular menu because you get 5 large super juicy pieces that for whatever reason were a bit better than the smaller pieces given on the AYCE version that the hub had. (I ordered off regular menu)We also liked the spicy tuna on crispy rice, and the shrimp tempura.  Dude loved the mussels so much he ordered an encore, and we both liked the rolls.  We tried the Pixie roll (wrapped in colored soy paper...festive), the Volcano roll, the Sushi Max (tuna w shrimp), and the Sexy Girl roll, which was our fav and had everything but the kitchen sink, but had the cleanest flavor profile, rather than a mish mash with sauce.This is a peeve of mine about sushi rolls everywhere, so it's not a criticism of Goyemon. Rolls are Americanized, sporting lots of stuff that doesn't belong in sushi (cream cheese, yuck) that they all start to taste the same, covered in the same homogenous sauce, or as Goyemon unfortunately called theirs, 'Orgasm Sauce', Please stop calling it that.
1	OMG this restaurant I've been so many time and I can't believe that it turn so nasty               ... First thing got to the restaurant the host wouldn't seat us because one of our friend hasn't arrive yet. Ok then told her that he'll be here in 5 minutes. After telling her that she gave us a table. When we sat down the waiter and ready to order she said we can't order yet. She said that we are missing one person and wouldn't let us order first. Wtf. That is really messed up.
1	Unbelievable bad service. We were at restaurant for 1hour they never say thank you and no smile. Hirame had bad smell. We tried to order ice cream she say she can't take order because her wrist hurting???? Really ... One ice cream she can't take the order... We ask another waitress she give us a one finger to tell us  to wait!!!!  Seriously?
5	Best AYCE sushi i have been to so far. Although, the wait is awful.. been there 3 times, I'd say our group of 3 waited average of 1hr - 1hr and half each time. But it's worth it! I love the desserts! mochi mochi mochi
4	This is definitely my favorite place for ayce. they are always busy, but the wait is worth it. the sushi chefs are all attentive and helpful. They also have a lot of daily specials; the kanpachi is awesome! I also recommend the pork belly, cajun albacore, and garlic tuna. The pork is always so juicy and fatty, while the albacore and tuna taste so fresh and perfectly salty.Con: they dont take reservations so be prepared to wait, whether its for lunch or dinner.
5	This place is absolutely worth the visit. I did a lot of research for a good sushi place before my room mate and I went to Vegas for a week over NYE and we weren't steered wrong by the reviews. The AYCE sushi was great quality, there is a ton of variety on the menu, and you can also place half orders so that you don't fill up too much on just one thing. We went three times in one week! Twice for lunch and once for dinner. Sushi is super expensive where we are from in Bermuda, so we were beyond excited to pay less than $30 for AYCE (we definitely don't have that option at home!). They don't do sashimi but they do pretty well everything else. It is quite a small restaurant and was packed every single time we went, there was also a line waiting. That's when you know it's worth the wait. The last time we went for lunch, we went right when it opened so we didn't have to wait to be seated, but it did not take long before the place was full. I spoke to some guys who were from Vegas who said they eat there all the time. I can't list my favorite roll because there were too many choices, just try everything! I will say the steamed gyoza are incredible, I could have eaten those all day long. They do have a time limit stated on the menu, I think it was 45 mins - 1 hour per person, but I'm pretty sure we were there a longer than that and no one kicked us out. Go here, it was amazing. I am craving it right now and can't have it as I am 4 time zones away *tear*.
5	This place is probably the one place off of the strip that I recommend everyone come to on their Vegas trip if they have a car.  It's delicious, fresh, and all around great service!  We came here on a Saturday night, and it was really busy.  There was a 45 minute wait, but this is one of the few places where their seating estimate was actually fairly accurate.  Luckily, one of our group lived nearby, so we just went and chilled at her apartment for a while.  We sat in the little room to the side for groups, which is usually a death sentence for good service, especially when your group isn't huge (we were a group of 5).  However, the waitress was really good about coming out to check on us often, and refill our waters, etc.They have a lunch and dinner AYCE deal, for $21.95 & $26.95.  There are about 50 menu options for each item, ranging from  nigiri, normal rolls, and special baked rolls.  It's really nice because anything on the regular menu you can get in the AYCE option (including the $12-13 specialty rolls).  When they bring out your orders, they bring out half an order instead of a full order, so that you can try more options.Not having prepared my stomach for AYCE, I ordered the Sashimi dinner, which is 12 pieces of sashimi w/ soup & salad.  Another in our group got the SS dinner, and the chicken katsu curry.  All were delicious!  The portions are generous, and all of the fish is really fresh.  I had a really great experience at this restaurant, and I can't wait to go back and have the AYCE next time!
2	went here with friends because it's supposed to be great sushi so I thought we'd try it out. wait was long, they need a bigger place in my opinion because it gets too packed in there. sat at the sushi bar. chefs were cool and were open to substitutions and deletions of items I didn't like.sushi was good but not even close to the best i've had which i'll be reviewing soon. here's the problem..**** Food Poisoning!!! *** me and my friend were crazy crazy sick from the sushi (all you can eat). I've never had food poisoning in my life, believe me you don't want it! needless to say Never again will I go to this place.
4	They're located on Hacidenda and Decatur. Normal pricing for AYCE about $27 for dinner and $22 for lunch I believe. My favorite thing about the AYCE menu here is the endless dessert items you can order!!! I believe they're the last ones that will let you go all out on dessert items. The service is mediocre as they seem to have their good and bad days. They're able to handle small and large groups without that many problems. The service has been usually great, some days it seems slow though. The quality is pretty good. I have no complaints. They're definitely on par with Sushi Twister which is my favorite as far as nigiri sushi goes. I don't really go for the rolls so I can't really comment on those, but based on what my friends say when they order it from time to time, they're good as well. They do not put wasabi in the nigiri that I know of. Well at least the stuff I've ordered they haven't put any of it in, which I'm happy about. No surprises waiting for me when I take a bite! Their appetizer menu is good, I don't really like the gyoza as it tastes like one of the ones I try to avoid at the grocery stores. I usually get edamame, miso soup, and a LOT of vegetable and shrimp tempura if I order from the appetizer menu, but I haven't been ordering those as of late. Ama ebi nigiri is only offered for dinner pricing! I was a little sad at lunch when they told me that, but I wasn't going to eat enough to warrant paying more for, so I usually skip that during lunch.
3	I would have given Goyemon a five star several months or  years ago, but since I never wrote a review it will now lose two stars.  I loved Goyemon after I became disappointed with Sushi Mon (Silverado Ranch and Maryland Parkway) quality several years back.  Plus all the employees i like there transferred to here.  The last couple times i've been there I have been really disappointed.  The place seems to be adding way to much rice to their rolls and the fish wasn't that fresh.  To add to that I feel the service part has really gotten bad.  I can never get someone to refill my drink, take away the empty dishes, or take my order.  I know the wait is always long, but after waiting that long i would expect some service.  I think i'm over Goyemon for awhile.
1	Let me start out by saying that I'm an avid sushi eater and have been for quite some time and therefore have visited most AYCE places in town. We came here a few weeks ago and the service left much to be desired. After waiting 30 minutes for a server to take our drink orders at the bar, we finally got our food and it tasted average. Nothing to write home about. Tonight, we got sat after a short wait (8pm), and once again waited 10-15 minutes for a waiter to come greet us. My girlfriend got the beef udon which comes with a California roll. With her being allergic to artificial crab, we asked them to remove the crab. The waitress informed us that this would result in a $2.50 charge. What??? Last time I checked, a what would be a cucumber roll costs less than a California roll, and especially the fact that a guest is allergic dictates that reasonable accommodations be made. Our waitress made a big fuss and finally I told her to grab the manager. She went and grabbed another server, who told us that there were no exceptions and they had to charge us more because they would have to use an extra strip of cucumber in lieu of the crab. Once again, what kind of drugs do you have to be high on to think that it makes sense to charge someone $2.50+$3.75 for a cucumber roll compared to a $4.25 California roll?? At this point he told me that this was by order of the chef so I asked to speak to him, and he told me that the chef was too busy and he can't pull him off the floor. Instead, he grabbed a business card and wanted me to email the owner. Last time I checked, when a guest is allergic you don't punish them and certainly don't insult them by refusing to amend the situation and defuse it professionally. Needless to say, we got up and went next door to sushi 21, which although smaller, has much better service. I'm glad that I put in a 15 nigiri order and they were already halfway done when when we left haha.Ps. I've been a server for 8 years at 5 different restaurants and have never dealt with such a derelict managerial staff. It's beyond me how they still stay in business.
2	Lunch menu ....salad dressing was salty and the miso soup was not hot just luke warm....meh lets see how the sushi is.... the whole meal was sub par and I don"t think I would go out of my way to go to this place again since we have so many options here in vegas.
5	I was surprised I hadn't reviewed Goyemon before - I've been neglectful and aim to make up for it now.We were craving sushi, and with so many good AYCE places in town we decided on one of our favorites, Sushi House Goyemon on Decatur.  Yes, we knew better and still we arrived at 7 PM.  After a wait of about 1.5 hours (I swear, it's worth it to satisfy your AYCE sushi craving) we were seated.  The guys took a picture of the specials board and then simply decided they wanted one of everything (not including dessert).  I perused the on-line menu earlier that day (the anticipation was killing me) and decided I would focus on trying various rolls besides having a few of my favorites.Let me start by sharing with you that I was especially happy with the AYCE in that you can order 1/2 a roll (four pieces).  Who needs more justification than that?I started with Sexy Girl:  a harmony of shrimp tempura, crab meat & cucumber with a generous kiss of spicy tuna and scallop yum yum on top, then sprinkled with tempura crumbs, a spicy garlic and spicy eel sauce.  I was very happy with the ratio of fish to rice.  My very scientific measurement is if I can put one whole piece in my mouth.  Too much rice and there is no way I can; just the right amount and it fits like a glove.  Slightly warm and sooo good!   I'll sheepishly admit I ordered a 2nd 1/2 roll as my last item of the evening.I quickly ordered my favorite nigiri, hamachi (yellow tail).  It was so fresh and delicate and just beautiful.  Mmmm...  I ordered the garlic tuna as well, which I enjoyed but truthfully like the garlic sauce a bit more at some other places.The pork belly with mango salsa is a must have when we go - it never disappoints!  Succulent and juicy on the inside, charred on the outside pairs perfectly with the sweet mango salsa.Time for a palate cleanser!  No Name roll was perfect - Spicy tuna and asparagus that still has a nice bit are blanketed by the delicate flavors of yellow tail.  This roll is served cold and is bland compared to others.  The fish sing in this composition, and it was really quite refreshing.My husband and I shared a bowl of octopus poki (good, just not one of my favorites) and I snagged a piece of his unagi (eel) as well as a piece of someone's Red Dragon (spicy tuna, cucumber, & avocado with eel and eel sauce on top).I really wanted to try dessert, I really did.  But I couldn't.  My belly was very happy and very full.
1	I have been Goyemon's customer since they open, feel really bad to see its getting worst here. Hostess ( long dark hair ) has a real bad attitude, set at the sushi bar, looking forward to have some fun time, the older chef Harry acts like I have killed his dog. Bad experience!
3	I have to update with a star lost unfortunately. The last few times haven't been as good as before. I think they are suffering from growing pains and staff changes. I do not see my favorite sushi guys and I know one in particular does not work here anymore. While the food is still made right and the cuts were decent, it lost that personal, familiar charm and the new guys didn't make an effort to really talk. It was busy, so fair point that they may not have had the opportunity so maybe something will change again, with time.The big thing for us was the rice has been too warm on visits of late. Last time it was affecting the fish that it was not appetizing. While I get they are busy, they should have someone making and properly cooling rice throughout. It happened twice at a busy but not line out the door rush time. The second time severely changed out love for this place. We will probably come during a off time again and see what happens. I still thought the fish was fresh, I like the rotating specials and the many delicious dessert options.  As of right now, the changes has made this spot suffer a bit for me so it'll be a while until we are back. I'm hoping in that time they figure out how to deal with their popularity and adjust the way they do things to keep a standard.
4	very good quality for AYCE sushi and for the price you pay- only $21 for lunch and includes dessert. came here on monday (pres day) and there was a short wait but i imagine its much worse on weekends. i was satisfied with the quality of the fish- it was well above average but they use a LOT of rice in their nigiri so we got full pretty fast. theres a 45 min time limit but its plenty of time. and maybe because it started to clear out toward the end of our meal but service was pretty fast
5	One of the happiest days of my life was when my relatively new gf, who used to not be a fan of sushi, asked me if we could have sushi for dinner. Of course I would take her to Goyemon. Now, it's our "every other week" spot for AYCE sushi.The first time I ate here, it instantly became my all-time favorite sushi restaurant. After having tried another place, that place came pretty close, but to this day, Goyemon still holds the spot for #1 sushi place.Super white tuna=like butter in my mouth. I can finish 10 orders of this and still not be full. Gotta try the dynamite, it's the best in town. More staples are shrimp tempura, calamari, baked green mussels. For nigiri, other than super white tuna, yellowtail, garlic tuna, salmon, sweet shrimp, unagi, and cajun albacore. The gf likes rolls, and always gets the Japanese Lasagna and the OID. I like the pastel myself. I don't like rolls that much anymore. They make me full a lot quicker and I want to make my AYCE experience worth it every time. I honestly haven't had a roll here that I didn't like. Dessert: You gotta save some room for some green tea creme brulee. Sometimes, they have vanilla creme brulee and chocolate mousse too and I just go all out and order that trio. Now this is the only sushi place in town I know of that has this high a caliber in desserts, and that my friends, is the second reason why it is my fave sushi joint. You already know the first (clue: it's like butter in my mouth).Oh my, now I'm craving for Goyemon.
1	The food was not great.  The service was terrible.  The chef ignored us and we had to leave without getting everything we wanted to eat.  The preparation was sloppy and some items just didn't taste right.  The price is good and we've always had good luck at their "sister restaurant" Sushimon.  This restaurant smelled like garbage which probably explained why nobody was there.  It seemed like the chefs were more interested in talking to each other than actually doing their job.  At least the staff waiting tables were a bit more attentive and friendly.  There are way better Sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  Don't bother with this place.
3	A group of 5 of us went to Goyemon last night with all but one of us never being there before. We were very disappointed in the organization of "first come first serve" which is not entirely true considering one guest came in and said they had a reservation and the wait was half the time for a table. I was there 15 mins before the rest of my group and although there was an open table I was told I had to wait for everyone to get there. Even when everyone did arrive, we still waited to be seat though our table was sitting open in front of us. The hostess said she didn't want to overwhelm the kitchen but I thought still you could seat is and have the waitress take our drink order? We finally were seated after 10 mins. I have never be forced to stand in the way of the door with my table open right in front of me for 25 mins. The food was great but service was not. We were all worried about getting our order in before the hour window of eating because our waitress barely came to our table. At the end of the meal, we waited ten mins for someone to come take our payment and ended up walking up to the hostess stand to do it ourselves. Very disappointed in first impressions this place made. Make sure you make a reservation since it works sometimes and not others. How is that even fair?
4	Came here with a group of friends when we came to Vegas for my birthday weekend :]The ambiance is very trendy/hipster like with cute decor all around. The hostess told us there's a wait even though we saw a handful of empty tables that were calling our names to be seated. We had to ask the hostess a few time if she forgot about us, she replied by saying she didn't want to stack the server hence the hold in seating. Our server was kind enough to inform us that sushi was a bit backed up so she encouraged us to order more kitchen items. We really enjoyed the large variety of items that Goyemon provided and there was no maximum of items each person can order at a time. The quality of the fish was great, especially for an AYCE joint. One thing that you should remember, you can order HALF portions, which we should have done so we were able to try a larger variety of items [nigiris, rolls, tempura, kitchen, and dessert]. The only downside is, you cannot order Uni or Amaebi during lunch as part of the AYCE menu. Even for dinner, only 1 order allowed per person. One highlight of the meal is BEWARE!!! of the 9-1-1 roll, my friend and I thought we could conquer this Spicy Tuna look-a-like roll, infused with habanero juice [which the chefs make themselves]. The server already gave us a fair warning that it's spicy and wow...it was no joke. I thought I could eat spicy but O-M-G...my face was on fire and my tongue lost all sense of its taste, I literally soaked my tongue in my Arnold Palmer for a good 5 minutes before it went back to 75% of its normality.For the price [$21.95], you really get a bang for your buck. I think this will be to go spot for [AYCE] sushi whenever I am in Vegas.
3	This review would be 2.5 stars, but I am rounding up as a courtesy.I was not impressed. Lackluster would be the word I would use.I've read the reviews. I saw the pictures. That's what brought me here. The hubby is not a sushi person so to get him to go to sushi joint is like pulling teeth. Well now it just got harder.We went around 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. there was a wait for a table, but we took seats at the bar. The service was lacking, to say the least. Our hostess looked like she was pissed off at the world --the place got off to a bad start from the get-go.I ordered AYCE and the hubby had a spicy chicken bowl. The miso soup had 1 piece of seaweed in it (1 total - I didn't get any).. and it was oily and bland. The shrimp tempura I ordered was lukewarm and greasy. My husband was not a fan of spicy chicken - he said it was not spicy at all and was not very hot - temperature-wise. I ordered 6 pieces of salmon sushi and 2 hamachi - that was good but nothing that stood out. Someone mentioned this in an earlier review - the rice was quite warm for sushi. I typically do not mind it but a few pieces were actually hot and it altered the taste. I also had the tiger roll and the rock and roll - all were A-Ok.No one took my empty plates...and they were really piling up. When we were ready for dessert it took a full 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. I get that it was crowded but I couldn't get anyone to look at me. The guy next us actually had to get up and physically go to the host stand to get his check.I'm bummed we had the experience that we did, especially when I've heard such great things but we were not impressed. They're are sushi places that are closer and friendlier. The food was okay but overall - we were disappointed.
2	I have been here a few times now to eat. I have to say with each experience it just gets worse each time. I am not a huge fan of all you can eat stuff because the quality is generally low and this place fits the bill. I went yesterday and ordered the Beef Terriakyi and the girl ordered the AUCE. My beef dish was terrible. The quality of the meat was so low I sent it back. The meat was so fatty and the smothered in sauce as if I might not know. I was grossed out and tried to eat the salad.. seaweed, the deep friend veggies, the terrible California rolls, and the rice. The rice was the highlight.. It was overall so bad I sent it back. No offer to comp anything or do anything about it. Overall.. I wont be going back.. I keep trying but it is just not happening..
5	This is definitely one of my favorite Sushi places on the West Side! And I'll tell you why. I'm a big fan of AYCE Sushi, whereas my friends are more into individual rolls at really nice Sushi places-almost Sushi snobs. Now I love individual rolls as much as the next guy, it's just I can't afford to always pay for 2 or 3 individual rolls, knowing that the bargain hunter in me wants to take an establishment for all it's worth when AYCE is involved. I love being able to sit for a long time, and take my sweet ass time ordering Sushi and the sides to my hearts content. I would totally eat here for lunch, except I only have 45 minutes for lunch, and I like to take my time eating sushi, nigiri,sashimi and Side dishes. So I save Goyemon for times with my friends who like to chow down too. And Yes, AYCE places do have a tendency to have slightly lower quality per roll, but-knowing that you just ate about $100 of sushi for a mere $26.95(dinner) or $21.95 lunch- brings a smile to my face every time! I'm happy eating grocery store sushi, so I'm not picky...and Yes I do know what amazing sushi tastes like.I do love there open seven days a week, I do love the courteous and prompt server girls that barely speak any english, and I do love the fact that there is almost nothing on the menu that is off limits, some piece do however have a limit of 1, or 1 per order. I like to go in with a totally empty stomach, which can be bad at times if you don't like to wait. Usually the wait at Goyemon is about 15-25 minutes depending on what night of the week. One drawback is that it's a pretty small sushi place as far as sushi places go, and the bigger the group the longer the wait due to the limited though intimate space. Take note that if you waster food, they WILL charge you for excess waste-which is pretty standard in most places.Another thing you can do is order the next round as you get an order placed in front of you. I like to do a sampler of a little bit of everything, but some of my best friends go straight for the jugular skipping any roll with rice and ordering Nigiri & Sashimi (Unagi, Salmon, Tuna, and Urchin) plate after plate after plate. My personal favorites are the Volcano Roll (baked YUM!) The Dragon Roll, and Salmon Roe.One of the things I did notice is that if you order the most expensive stuff on the menu over and over, it comes out very quickly at first, and as each order goes in, they take more and more time to get it out to you.But, seeing how there's no time limit...you've got time to spare! ;) Also, if it's your first time there, sometimes you'll space off and not realize a roll is 8 pieces, so if you want to try everything, ask for a 1/2 roll (4 pcs) so you can pick two rolls at a time.On top of it all, you get a cool little atmosphere, great for hanging with friends, and nice hustle and bustle by the staff, and round it all out with dessert (I love the Red Bean Ice Cream!) and leave a fat & happy Buddha belly!I love bringing people here! Be sure to check out the awesome sword in glass in the wall in the men's bathroom!Cheers!~MikeB
4	Hostess was totally unreasonable, our seats @ the bar was ready but she made us wait @ least 30 min before she sat us down. She kept walking around, talking to other customers & doing who knows what...WTH??!! -1AYCE Dinner Review $26.95:Sashimi salad yummy 4 starsPoke salad was just ok 5 starsWhite salmon so yummy 5 starsUnagi was just ok 3 starsGrilled mussels yummy 5 starsBlack tobiko caviar was pretty good 4 starsSea urchin uni yummy 5 starsSweet shrimp amaebi so yummy 5 starsSurf clam was soft, not chewy yummy 5 starsScallops was yummy too very fresh 5 starsGreen tea brulee, taste was kinda off 3 starsChocolate mousse was very bland 3 starsRaspberry mousse was too tart 2 starsThe freshness here beats AYCE sushi places in CA hands down.Lychee was so delicious perfect desert w bits of real lychee inside 5 starsGreen tea ice cream good 4 starsRed bean ice cream was ok im not a fan of red bean 3 starsIce creams were much better tasting than all of the mousses =)Overall, this is one of the BEST AYCE sushi places I've tried...=)
1	This is the most reviewed AYCE sushi in Las Vegas area. Therefore, this was also the first restaurant I considered to go back in January. However, I was a bit concerned about people's comment about the bad service here. Finally, I went to Sushi Yama in January and was very satisfied with Sushi Yama. This week I am in town again. Really want to give this place a try because of the good review about food quality. Also I am planning to go on Friday lunch and did not expect this place would become too busy, and hopefully I won't encounter the service issue that other patrons mentioned. Unfortunately, I end up have all these first hand experience with a cocky waitress. I called in advance and ask them if there is one hour limit for lunch time. The host told me that I can eat there for 1.5 hour. I think it is quite reasonable because we don't like to be rushed. When we were seated, I saw the Uni and sweet shrimp are not included in the lunch. I was not very happy about it because if you look at the menu online, it was a bit misleading. Then I saw the 45 minutes limit on the menu and I tried to clarify with the waitress. I told the waitress that we just called the host and she said we can eat here for 1.5 hours. The waitress insisted that 45 minutes is the limit stated on the menu and it has always been the rule. Well, I just spoke to the host 10 minutes ago and now I am getting the total different information. Then, this WONDERFUL waitress said the time limit is 45 minutes, it is up to you if you want to eat here or not. I don't trade off being respected and welcomed no matter how the food quality is. It really upset me. Later on, she added on if they are not busy, they don't really enforce the time limit strictly. So I figured out that was why the host said 1.5 hours when I called the restaurant. It would just be a lot easier that if the waitress explained they don't enforce this strictly instead of telling me it's up to me to stay or go. I think she maybe too exhausted and she feels better if she doesn't need to serve that many customers.So, finally we walked away and went to Umiya and enjoyed the great sushi and excellent service there. I will recommend all my clients and friends going to Yama or Umiya in the future
1	Went there with friends on lunch1p-ish,  the host or mgr wont give us table coz our whole party not here yet. OK, frids arrived and still wont give us table, said we cant seat 5ppl in that table, so she gave it to other huge party. ( what a JOKE...)  So, close to 2p she finally sits us rite NEXT to the table we were suppose to have. I mean.... whats the difference, NOPE. As for the food, its ok, the rolls i like are Red Dragon, Sexy Girls, and Hurricane, other than that.....nah . Oh yeah, Nigiri, i understand is AYCE, but ive never seen such tiny nigiri in my life, or all the AYCE sushi ive been in the past. Not mention that we found hair in the sushi, and told our server, what she said was : uh ok, would you like another new one? WHAT???.....no apologize or report to mgr,  do notthing about it. All in all, i will not going back for sure, there are tons AYCE sushi in the Vegas; going back to sushi mon and extreme sushi ( SH area one) next time.
2	Rice too hard to eat, fish okay. Will not come back next time.
4	Sat at the Sushi bar and that was probably the best decision I've made. Came in on a Friday night around 10:30pm and the place was packed. We originally wanted a table but the wait was going to be about 15 minutes, then saw 2 seats open up at the bar so we sat there. The service from the wait staff was decent, drinks were refilled without having to ask and the food from the kitchen came out in a timely manner. The baked mussels came with a sauce thats a little different from the typical spicy mayo thats at every other Sushi restaurant and the pork belly was good, but came out a little cold.The sushi chefs were on point, everything we ordered from them came out fast. We ordered almost all nigiri and they quality and cut of the fish was above average. We understood going in that this isnt going to be top notch sushi, not in the desert and not for under $30 AYCE so with expectations where they should be, we were very pleased with our experience at Goyemon and will return again.
3	ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!! This restaurant is off the strip so you will need to do a bit of driving to get here. If you try to beat the lunch crowd you will not have to wait. Sushi choices are really good, and they made up a lot of their own rolls. I would definitely recommend you come here if you are a fan of sushi and and all you can eat restaurants. They have this HABINERO SPICY TUNA ROLL,  its so spicy that my friends started sweating and tearing up. If you can eat spicy, eat this!ENJOY!
4	late night AYCE (All You Can Eat).... really great staff and very fresh product. A friend and I shot down to Goyemon at around 1 am as they do last eating from AYCE at 2am.. or so I am told. We walked in, the staff was very welcoming and everyone was all smiles even as we walked in 2 hours before close. The two chefs behind tghe sushi counter were both very jovial and friendly and happily obliged as my friend and I put away about 30 nigiri in about 30 minutes.. then it was on to sashimi and pork belly.. on their suggestion. Really I think they were trying to keep us happy and use up product for the day, which was a WIN situation for us as we are hungry guys. Everything tasted so good and fresh. Suhi House Goyemon has become something I enjoy and therefore I will be back often! thank you guys! Happy eating!
5	It was indeed great. Service, food and selection. I would certainly go back.
4	I love their all you can eat. It's my new favorite place to go to when I'm back in Vegas. They have a LOT of variety of specialty rolls, but I mostly just order their nigiri because their fish is pretty fresh. The only down side about the place is their service. They need to hire more than 2 servers for dinner shifts. It takes forever to flag the server down and the food takes awhile to make also.
3	Visited for dinner on a Friday night, July 6, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!)One of my local friend's top choice (Arvin T), but unfortunately, nothing too spectacular in my mind.  I'll leave it to the other 500+ reviews to clue you in.  I will say that there is sometimes worry that these AYCE sushi places pack on the rice and skimp on the fish to get you full off the starch, but I didn't find this was the case here.Enjoyable (most likely due to good company), but probably not worth the drive off the strip for tourists... unless you were very hungry and really craved sushi.
5	do the all you can eat and order the pork belly its a must! i dont care if you dont like pork! the place is always pack so be prepared to wait 20-30mins
1	Poor customer service.  I was baffled to learn that because we ordered a roll that we didn't like, therefore we didn't eat, we would be charged the a la carte price on top of having to pay for the all you can eat price --wow!!!  So the customer is penalized for disliking the food...that's enough for me not to return to this place.
3	This place is okay, albeit slightly over-hyped. If I was in the area I would have sushi here again, but I would absolutely not go out of my way to dine here. I met Jessie B. for lunch here while on my way to my hair appointment in the area. We sat at the bar and most of the time I felt ignored by the chefs. It's almost as if they were purposefully trying to avoid eye contact. I sampled several half rolls, and they were all tasty with fresh ingredients. I just feel that with an imposed time limit for AYCE you really don't want to worry about being able to get the chef's attention since the wait to get your roll is still pretty solid once you do place the order, unless it is nigiri. I liked the scallop rolls Jessie had and 911 and Athena were solid. I think the rolls and the names are pretty much identical to Sushi-Mon who only had slightly higher rating from me due to better/faster service.
4	SO.... INCREDIBLY.... FULL..Got the AYCE here and it was spectacular. They have a ton of specialty rolls, (TWO PAGES IN FACT) with all of their descriptions on the menu AND pictures of each one on a separate, laminated menu. All the rolls looked absolutely delicious and I was lucky to try many of them. I got a perfect seat in the bar right next to the sushi chef so my food came out quickly and I was able to get everything exactly the way I want it. I highly recommend the ecstasy roll, the sweet shrimp unagi, and the volcano roll. They do not skimp out on the quality of the rolls even if you go with AYCE. The rolls are big and will fill you up real quickly if you do not pace yourself. There are SO many choices too, so come in being prepared to choose decisively so that you can get your food sooner.Their desserts are also pretty bomb here as well. I talked with the chef and he told me that they have the only lychee gelato around. I ordered that and the green tea brulee. Both desserts were incredible, but I especially loved the green tea brulee. It wasn't overly sweet and I loved the green tea flavor and crispiness of the top. It was a great meal and I'd come here again if I was in the area!
2	So after hearing so many great things from fellow yelpers and seeing all the great reviews on yelp me and my fiance FINALLY tried it out and I was pretty disappointed. So we get there and the lady says its a 45 minute wait really? wow ok, so they take our number and they call us about 45 minutes later so they were true to their word. (Maybe it wouldn't be a 45 minute wait if there were more then 12 tables thats just my thought.) So on to the "delicious" sushi everyones bragging about we both got ayce this is what i ordered-royal california -mingus-taylor-sushi mon style lasagna They were all ok at best i do NOT like the tempura they use on the rolls its super crispy and the texture is super weird which sucks for me because i like tempura rolls. My fiance on the other hand enjoyed his sushi and said he would give it 4 stars mind you he will eat anything and thinks everything tastes fantastic so his opinion doesnt count to me lol. I really expected better sushi the way everyone was talking this place up over all the food was ok at best, the atmosphere was uncomfortable it felt like i was having dinner with complete strangers at my table because thats how close and jammed they have the tables set up and I definitely think 45 minutes is to long to wait for any place let alone a mediocre sushi joint like this. This place is waaaaayyyy over rated!!!!
4	I've been to a few sushi places in Las Vegas, but this restaurant has got to be on my top for it's selection and taste. I really enjoy the variety of sushi they give you for all-you-can-eat especially for the Nigiri which is my favorite and the only thing I ever order there. Their rolls are delicious too and sometimes overwhelming when it comes to the amount they give you, but overall still delicious.
2	Big disappointment.....Went for early dinner on 3/20/13, to avoid the  typical 1 hour wait.  Been to this restaurant 3 times over last year.  Rice for sushi was cold with some parts of rice uncooked.  The raw fish (nigiri sushi) was bad, I think they gassed the fish with carbon monoxide to look red, but bad texture.  Raw fish on nigiri sushi pieces were cut small like they were trying to save money.  Although service at Goyemon has always been poor, it makes it worst when the food was terrible.  We brought 4 guests bragging about this restaurant and our credibility was shot.  I don't think I will be going to this restaurant again when I go for my semi-annual trips to the Orleans Hotel and Casino.
4	The wife and I were spending a relaxing weekend in Vegas.  She saw the reviews about this joint and we headed on down.  We read all of the negatives about the service here but we had nothing but great service from the waiters.  We were seated in about 35 minutes and started grubbing away.  The pork belly is maybe the best thing ever made.  How good was it?  My wife even loved it and she doesn't generally like pork belly.  We were also big fans of the white tuna, the scallop, and the salmon belly.  My wife loved the pixie roll and the chubby roll.  You can also order a handroll if you don't want the cut roll.  They also have uni, amaebi, and sardines.  They only thing we did not have when we went was the toro.  For all you can eat, they have premium sushi.  Its probably the best all you can eat sushi I've ever been to.
5	If you come to Vegas don't forget to visit this sushi place! My personal favorite are the baked green mussels and the fresh scallop.I am not a big fan of sushi but this place is an exception. The price very fair, you get quality in each plate. Enjoy!
3	I was hoping for a little better.  Nice place I enjoyed my food, but everything was a little bland.  I still liked my sushi and some things were really good, but overall it was underwhelming.  Here is my rundownRegular rolls including spicy shrimp with yum yum sauce  crab meat roll and yellowtail were good but no bite.  The eel nigri was very tasty.  Albacore nigri was over powered by lemon.  The Mingus had a very nice tempura finish. And the catapillar had a lot of avocado which I love.  I also love cream cheese so I tried the baked lasagna sushi. I found it somewhat disgusting.  Lots of oozing warm cream cheese.  Yuck.  The tempura ice cream was interesting and a nice cap to the meal. Crunch and cream.  I liked enough that I will try again, but overall I prefer sushi koma.
4	First time: 5 stars+ I seriously left dreaming about this place and couldn't wait to return+ Really fresh fish+ AYCE sushi that's affordable+ AYCE includes desserts (I ordered 3 -  yes, I have a sweet tooth)+ Special nigiri items can be ordered as well- Long wait (but it was totally worth it)- No sashimiSecond time: 4 stars+ Wait wasn't as long- Fish wasn't as fresh Overall would definitely return to this off-the-strip AYCE sushi joint.  It's such a good deal and the fresh is relatively fresh.  If you're not into sushi they have other options as well.  Till next time Goyemon!
4	good quality sushi for AYCE.staff isn't always nice. i almost want to give them 3 star rating for the staff issues.
1	With so many sushi places in Vegas, you'd think they'd give better service to attract customers. To begin with there was a long wait to be seated, even after our table opened up. The server pretty much ignored our party. We had to remind them of our orders, the last two rolls took forever to be delivered to the table. Will not return here and honestly don't suggest it. On a positive note, the strawberry mochi was good.
5	hands down best sushi in vegas!!
4	All you can eat menu is amazing! Quality of sushi totally surpasses the price we paid. Coming to Goyemon has become a ritual for us while driving to the strip from LA. Favorite dishes are: uni, sweet shrimp, cajun albacore, super white tuna, mussels, and poki. If I HAVE to pick on something about the place, it would be their service. Sometimes, their staffs come off a bit cold and distant. But all you got to do is to focus on the great food and forget about these minor unpleasantness.
5	2 words. pork belly!sushi is great as well. fish is very fresh.
1	I moved here from LA so I know my sushi, apparently unlike the other reviewers of Goyemon. Many classmates had recommended this place but it was more than a disappointment. The eel must have been a week old. The food smelled and had zero sauce. My rolls stuck to the plate they were so dry. We got AYCE and were lost as to what to order because the food was just so bad. Literally, I've had better sushi in a mall food court. Zero stars!!!Best sushi in Vegas is Sushi Twister in Henderson.
3	Par to sub par for a AYCE sushi bar. Nice atmosphere, decorating, lighting, outside seating, and open till 3am, are some of the selling points, but their fish pieces are small, sushi rice was borderline and their sashimi salad was a sad excuse. Unlike other AYCE, their soft shell crab is not included in the $27 price tag. Their one redeeming item was their "pork belly". Pretty incredible, actually. Ive never seen this item at other sushi bars, but after eating their sushi i understand why they added it to the menu....I suspect it's their only reason for success.
5	Goyemon? Methinks you mean GoyeNOM. Of all the AYCE sushi houses across town, this is the one I continue to come back to, time and time again, and my sushi cravings are never left in naught after a visit. The staff is friendly and efficient, the service is quick, and the bar/tables never seem to be fighting for the sushi chefs' attention in getting their fish onto the table. They don't toot their horn about being one of the more popular AYCE sushi restaurants but they do have an organized system once they start to run a wait, and will even take down your cell phone number to call you if it gets so long you decide not to wait in the restaurant itself. I usually try to venture out and try at least one different item I'm there, either on their placemat, printed, or chalkboard menus, but usually the process goes like this because in the end, I'm more than pretty dependable: 1. Appetizer.2. Nigiri sushi.3. Some type of 1/2 roll. 4. Uni (sea urchin).5. Ama-ebi (sweet shrimp) 6. Repeat 2 as many times as necessary before 10.7. Dessert. 8. Happy happy, joy joy.
1	I've been here about 60 times and have officially been here for the LAST time. Unfortunately now they have decided to charge for yum yum sauce that I've always ordered and never been charged for. My friend always used to order a side if sushi rice but now that costs $2 extra.  I've probably spent over $10,000 here!!!My California roll was mediocre.  I've had better at Costco.On top of that there was a hair in my friends food. Ugh! Don't bother with Goyemon-they have gotten too big for their britches. Just drive down the street to Flamingo and Arville to Umiya. Better sushi, better service.
4	BEST SASHIMI I HAVE HAD (so far at least)! AND I love how the all you can eat includes EVERYTHING on the menu. Kobe nigiri won me over.Service is a bit eh though. I also didn't like how the AYCE only lasted an hour. I felt jipped, but satisfied all at the same time.
4	One of the best AYCE sushi places! Came here around 11 pm with 4 people and there was still a short wait. I could literally sit there and only eat 3 things: seaweed salad, super white tuna and conch (on the daily special menu). Sushi must be order with the rice & like most AYCE, rice must be eaten. The fish quality is quite superb. Downfall is that your dining time is LIMITED to one hour!! This is difficult if you are dining with a group.  I will definitely come here again!
4	food is awesome. can be a bit crowded during lunch - can't blame them, they have good food with reasonable price. so why not 5 stars? 1 star is deducted from our angry server, who seemed like she hated what she's doing.
3	Visited here on Sunday with my sister & her fiance. I did realize I had a stamp card from my first time here, this being my second time. Too bad the card expired since it had been 1.5yrs since my first visit. One year expiration, oh wells lol.The place is fairly small. I can imagine during the busy times there might be a long wait. A plus is that it's open very late(3am) every day, even Sunday. The wait tonight wasn't too long, 20min. I could have sworn the dining time limit posted was 90min but it's 1hr now. I could be wrong and I'm not sure how strictly they enforce it.All-you-can-eat(AYCE) is always the way to go! $27 for dinner here. I do remember the wonderful crispy rice cracker with spicy tuna on top of it. If the rolls look similar to Sushimon, I believe it's the same owners. I'm told they also own Monta Ramen. I had the seared salmon salad. The dressing was a bit salty. My sister HAD to order the Mahalo Roll, which is basically a spam musubi in roll form. Our hawaii roots hehe. Ordered cajun albacore & seared salmon nigiri. They were pretty small even for nigiri, with paper thin slices of fish. Those actually were pretty salty to taste too. That part disappointed a little since those are two of my favorite things to eat when having sushi. Ordered a few other rolls and appetizers. I also sampled others between the 3 of us. Rest were decent aside from the salty nigiri & salad.Service was very good. When waiting for a table, they will take your number and call you when something is available. Our waitress was very attentive, checking on us often and refilling drinks and taking empty plates away.A decent place to get your sushi fill. I was sitting on 3.5 stars for this place. I couldn't in my right mind round it up though. Since theres other places I would prefer over Goyemon that I gave 4 stars.
5	Best sushi in town :)
4	A bit pricey but other than that very high quality. Let us off the hook with a bit of leftovers. Also caught one of the sushi chefs handling cash with his gloves which I thought he would take off before handling sushi again but I was wrong, he kept the gloves on.
5	Love this place, AYCE sushi, cheaper than a la carte. Rarely ever get disappointed, except for the time they sat us at the table closest to the restroom I think they were having plumbing problems that night, since then they have fixed that problem. The only thing that is not part of then AYCE is the hamachi collar  boo! Have yet to try their ramen after 11pm. Favorites  braised grilled pork belly, atama (fried shrimp head), super white tuna nigiri, salmon skin roll, Cajun albacore, ikura with quail egg, salmon nigiri, and the list goes on!
2	i'm a sushi snob.. i got dragged here for all the mediocre sushi you can eat.. this place is not worth the wait.. the sashimi is really thin.. pro tip.. if you want to maximize your bang for the buck.. don't order the cut rolls..
5	Best AYCE sushi I've ever had.And it's out here, in the desert. LOLMy boyfriend and I tend to stay away from specialty rolls because they typically taste the same and they just take up room in our belly real estate.The things that impressed me here was:- The freshness of the sushi, even out here in the desert.- The fact that it's an AYCE place but the sushi chefs still make the perfectly proportioned nigiri. They don't try to stuff you with rice so that you get full faster. They keep the integrity of the sushi and keep the proportions the same throughout the meal.- Some people say service slowed down as the meal went on, but we didn't feel that at all. The service was great throughout the meal.- The actual food-- as described in the following.- They have stamp cards! Even though we're not local, we asked for one because we come out to Vegas a lot.We had tons of nigiri.The salmon was good, but the salmon belly was fatty and delicious. We loved the yellowtail. The tuna was good, but wasn't our favorite. The albacore was good, nothing special. White tuna was good too. The scallops and the kanpachi weren't bad, but we're not huge fans of those to begin with.You HAVE to look at the blackboard. They list the specials for the day. I was sad because they didn't have the blue fin tuna or the toro (fatty tuna). But they had the salmon belly and the kanpachi.We also had the sweet shrimp and uni, which are part of the regular menu, but the portions are limited. 1 serving per person (which consists of two pieces per person).The braised pork belly was ON POINT. It was fatty, flavorful, and delicious.Also, the dessert was awesome. I had the green tea creme brulee which was amazing. I love creme brulees to start with! We also had a vanilla mochi ice cream. It's probably store-bought, but I loved the flavor of the vanilla bean. I was extremely satisfied. Next time I'll try the lychee sorbet.This isn't to say that there weren't bad parts about the experience:- The miso soup was bland.- The baked mussels were slightly bland. They weren't BAD, but I probably wouldn't order them again.- The chicken yakitori... it's just chicken doused in teriyaki sauce. Not impressed.- THE WAIT: We got there and there seemed to be just one group in front of us, but it took 45 minutes for us to sit down. It's such a small venue, you have to expect a wait.Even with the "cons," I still love the food here. I'll be back here for sure, it's on my "MUST GO" list along with the Oyster Bar.
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE IN LAS VEGAS!!! This place never disappoints! Their sushi all you can eat has the same quality if not better than the quality you expect to see in good Japanese sushi restaurant that serves a la carte! I recommend every single thing on the menu. The staff is friendly and helpful, too. If you like sushi, you have to go there, 'nuff said!!!
4	Was a big big fan of Yama sushi until I found this place. Yeah it cost a buck more for their AYCE but there's no stupid limitations on the mochi ice cream and green tea ice cream.  There's also no (3 Rounds of Food) like most AYCE sushi places. Was worried that service would be slow but actually the food came out pretty quick. Overall very impressed and will visit again.
3	More like 3.5 stars, but nothing really impressed me. This place was pretty good, but I think my heart will always lie with Asahi in Riverside.  PROS: Decent price for ayce ~$25Didn't have to wait too longMochi ice cream- vanilla, strawberryGreen tea ice creamCONS:Too much rice in their sushiBaked mussels were over- baked (and we ordered this multiple times)
5	I took my brother out for his very first AYCE. He loved it! Too bad I came in early too early for the dinner menu. I wanted him to try the things that are on that menu, but at least I was able to order a side dish of their pork belly with the mango puree on the side. He loved all of it. I am definitely bring him back again.
1	Horrendous customer service (very slow, unprofessional, inept, and down right rude)! Mediocre food! Dismal portion sizes for the price! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE!!!
5	The Lemon roll was awesome! It's a California roll with Salmon and Yellow Tail & lemon slice on top. And this place is open late (3am) for those of us that get out of work at crazy hours.
5	Great sushi restaurant.  Best one my wife and I have found in Vegas.  Won't visit another sushi house unless referred by a friend.  Fish is always fresh, I have never had a bad piece of fish.  Love the pork belly, the sashimi salad, and the crispy rice tuna. All u can eat menu is big. Everything is good, never had something I didn't like.  Will always eat sushi here when I am hungry for it.
4	Their menu on their website lists uni and amaebi for AYCE lunch, same with Sushimon's website so don't be fooled.  It's a little disappointing but the sushi(not rolls) is good nonetheless.
5	Probably the best AYCE sushi spot in Vegas! Love that it's open late night, and that they have daily specials. It's also great that they don't give an abundance of rice and small cuts of fish. Seemed like most of their rolls were amazing (and they let you do half orders for AYCE so you can sample more!) Must try: Salon Belly: buttery goodness!Grilled pork belly: delicious fatty goodnessYuzu Sorbet: tangy, refreshing goodnessI highly recommend sitting at the bar is possible, you'll get your nigiri and rolls much quicker.
5	Goyemon is always a good time; definitely one of my top 3 sushi spots in Vegas.  When I hit up Goyemon, I am always looking forward to hitting up the specials of the day and getting down on some fresh nigiri cuts when I'm here.  Plus, I've grown very fond of the Green Tea Creme Brulee.. so nice.  Always an awesome time at Goyemon!!
4	They have a good AYCE here. Fast friendly service. However, I prefer YAMA sushi - much more variety.
3	It's good but on my third visit I was not impressed. I felt the fish to rice ratio was not too good, tiny slice of fish with too much rice. Slow service. I just wanted to place all my order at once but the waitress said it was too much food. Which I assured her Ive been there before and that's how much I eat.  So had to break down the order into 3 orders and had long waits in between. Only plus they do half roll orders so you can try more.
4	Had lunch here for the first time, the menu is pretty standard blend of typical Japanese dishes and sushi , the price is very decent which makes it good for Lunch, they have specials that include two full rolls, soup, and salad which it pretty filling. If it was closer to work I would probably go more often. :)
4	Lost one star cuz hostess forgot about us and gave us a dumb excuse like she called us but we didn't answer. Umm we were right outside and my cell didn't ring. U screwed up babe, own it.
1	I didn't want dessert, but when I got home I wanted something to get the taste of old fish out of my mouth. This place was awful!! The AYCE sushi was very small. The sakekama was overdone. The albacore had seen its better days. I wish I had detected it was off before I ate most of it. I hope I don't get sick.
5	Sushi House Goyemon has become my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in town. It is very conveniently located and because of this we are able to come pretty frequently. I can't believe I have been coming here for so long and am just now writing an update to my first review. Everything here is amazing and I tend to like to stick to the nigiri and some of the cooked options here. I can never resist the salmon skin handroll, pork belly and scallop. The dessert selections are all amazing as well. My favorites are the green tea and black sesame creme brulees and my fella can't resist the tempura ice cream. We try to go during off hours so we don't have to wait too long for a table. We have never had any service issues and everyone is always friendly and helpful when we are here. If only they would expand a little into the shop next door so maybe the wait times wouldn't be as long.
5	Best all-you-can-eat in Las Vegas. Sit at the sushi bar and enjoy.I do not need to make a long, drawn out review. This place is yummy.
5	Ah. Maze. Ing.The fact that you can order half rolls instead of full rolls as a part of the AYCE earns them four stars right off the bat.  It makes it so worth the money because you're able to try so many of the rolls...which is awesome because their rolls are so creative!  There are 28 special rolls, none of which are "filler rolls" like shrimp tempura and cream cheese - they're legit rolls with great combinations of fish.  (They do also have shrimp tempura rolls, baked rolls, etc.  There's also nigiri, appetizers, and dessert, for the record.)On a Thursday evening, we waited about 15-20 minutes for a spot at the sushi bar - the service was super fast and the sushi chefs were nice.  They even have a stamp card - after 10 visits, your eleventh is free! This place was a home run.  Be sure and try the: Ecstasy Roll (with Orgasm sauce - delish!), Domingo Roll (jalapeno salsa!), Sunrise Roll, 911 Roll (hella spicy) and Jala Jala Roll.
5	AYCE was excellent !!
2	I went to Goyemon the very first time based on the reviews of my ever so reliable fellow YELPers.  Honestly, I wasn't impressed the first time I tried their AYCE.  I intentionally did not write a review thinking that I should try them some other time. Or, maybe I went there on one of my  "bad taste buds" days.  By trying them the second time, I was giving them and myself the proverbial "benefit of the doubt".  I was actually intrigued and surprised to see some of the high praises and Hallelujah reviews about Goyemon.  Having lived in Japan (I was stationed in Iwakuni, Japan and travelled around the country) for two years, I've had the once in a lifetime experience to actually taste what the cuisine, both regional and national, is really like.  It may not make me an expert on sushi-ya, but I can claim some kind of leverage over the regular sushi and self proclaimed Japanese food lovers outside the Land of the Rising Sun.  I returned to Goyemon at the behest of a friend.  We were initially going to Sushi Mon, then changed his mind to Oyshi, then finally decided on Goyemon last minute.  I was OK with it.  I thought my second trip would give me more reason to form and write down my opinion(s).  So here it is.- just like the first time I came, there was a long line, or scattered groups of people, waiting to be seated.  The parking was somewhat limited.  It was lunch time on a Tuesday.  Always a good sign, you might think.  - After an hour, we were finally sat down right by the front door where people were standing up and gathered, waiting to be seated as well.  We had to take the table otherwise we would've waited longer.  - We both opted for the AYCE lunch.  There were only two ladies working the tables and 2 guys behind the sushi counter, an older Asian guy and a younger Latino guy . It took a good 15 minutes before the lady came and asked for our drinks, and get our orders.- Drinks came, followed by our orders.  They came incomplete, and few wrong ones.  It didnt matter to us.  We're both hungry so we didn't care since we knew we could re-order the next time she got closer to our table. Wrong. She didn't get near our table until after half an hour because she was busy taking and delivering orders somewhere else.  I was worried our 2 hour limit would expire way before we could get our third and fourth round of orders.  - the nigiris came and was surprised and disappointed with the shari.  Making sushi rice is an art in itself.  I remember watching the itamaes in Japan manually fanning and painstakingly and delicately mixing the steamed rice with seasoned vinegar.  What I had in Goyemon on both occasions were their version of "broken rice".  The rice weren't sticky and they would break down as soon as it hit  the wasabied soy sauce.  The rice literally disintegrated.  I was so close to asking for a spoon since the chopsticks were useless .  (FYI:  In Japan, chopsticks are never used when eating sushi.  They use fingers.)  - Their wasabi was obviously made into paste from powdered green colored horseradish. It had neither bite nor kick.  Normally, they would clear up your sinuses and bring you to tears for a second or two.  Their's was just light green, grainy and dry   Their gari (pickled ginger) didn't spend enough time bathing in its pickling brine.  It was bland!  The fish  that were served to us were haphazardly cut and unevenly sliced.  Where's the "aijou"?- The tempuras, rolls (handwrapped and deep fried), baked and fried appetizers were decent.  The miso soup that I ordered at the very beginning came in towards the end of our meal and was meh, as in really, MEH! It was all broth. I didn't see any diced tofu or wakame seaweed in my soup.  Their poke salad was not really poke (go to Island Sushi, folks!). - I finished my meal with an order of green tea ice cream.  Ordinary.   It is safe to say that I've tried and tasted all the items on their AYCE menu in my two visits.  My friend looked at me, and said:  "Sorry".  He knew I did not enjoy the meal.  And he read me like an open book!For the price we paid, I personally think we were robbed but then again its the standard going price for AYCE in the valley.  There's just something fishy (no pun intended) about going to a sushi place not owned, run and staffed by non Japanese, and recognizing that most of the non-white customers on both days I was there were Koreans.  I am not hating. Just saying.I also observed (while its taking them forever to deliver our orders) that most of the customers were ordering and pigging out mostly on fried entrees and rolls, and not on nigiris.  That's when I hypothesized that the 5 star reviews I've seen and perused on YELP must have been based on the fried entrees, rolls and desserts.  Makes perfectly sense now ;) Fool me once, blame on me :) Fool me twice, not coming back!  (I was told that Sushi Mon and Goyemon are owned and ran by the same non Japanese owners. Is there truth to that?)
4	I think I like about this place is they do give you large portion of edamame and salads.  Most of the all you can eat sushi only give you a tiny plate of side dishes. The fish quality is acceptable for all you can eat but their bake rolls are bit weak compare to sushi fever. Service is friendly and they do encourage you to eat a lot here. LoL
5	The absolute best all-you-can-eat sushi spot hands down. Love the fact that they're open 11:30am until 3am so anytime you're craving bomb-ass sushi and/or Japanese food in Vegas, come here. Every time I'm in LV I come to this place at least three times a week. The sushi has the freshest, finest fish and ingredients, the tempura and gyoza is fried in the cleanest oil, the edamame is perfectly salted and boiled, and the mochi ice cream is superb. The portions are small to ensure you don't over-do it, but you still can't help it since everything is soooo good! The waiters and waitresses share tables so sometimes there's a little confusion with constant ordering, but they still get it to you in a timely manner. Keep in mind that EVERYTHING is made to order so some things take a little longer than others, but so worth the wait. I recommend sitting at the sushi bar so you can tell the sushi chefs directly what you want.  They have about 35 specialty rolls and we've tried about 10 of them, but the JJ, Philly Roll and Sexy Girl are def faves of my husband and I. They have a frequent diners program card too but you have to ask for it - buy 10 AYCE meals and the 11th is free. My favorite restaurant in LV! I wish they had one in SF!!
5	Trendy, busy, and delicious fresh fish with generous portions.  Would love to go back.
2	I used to loooove goyemon and came here all the time to pig out on sushi but that past 3 times have left me meh.  I feel like the fish quality has gone down as the last 3 times there was always something that i felt tasted off (maguro, hamachi, and uni respectively).  Two times actually had me throwing up afterwards, oh well at least I didn't absorb all the calories.  Be careful if you go here be wary of off tasting raw fish.  Maybe they're using all the good fish at Kabuto now? so sad...sigh, and now i have to go throw up again ):
3	3.5 starsBeen to this place a few times that I've already got through a couple stamp cards with friends and family.  The last visit was probably late last year with group of friends.  That was the last time I fully enjoyed this place. It used to be my favorite sushi spot in Vegas.AYCE is the way to go when dining at Goyemon. Tried the seared salmon salad and it was delicious but a little too much dressing for my taste.  Specialty rolls galore. I'd have to say my favorite is the Sexy Girl.  Salmon skin hand roll was blah, no flavor but the right amount of gobo.  It's nice because they do do half rolls. I took my bff from Boston here yesterday and sat next to a couple who ordered many times but all half rolls. Smart couple. I LOVE their spicy tuna rice cracker but unfortunately it's only on their dinner menu.  Pork belly is hit or miss for me there (also only on the dinner menu). I love it when it's super tender but have had orders when it's more on the chewy or burnt side. Bff and I ordered nigiri which I don't normally order.  We did enjoy the garlic tuna, super white was OK, she enjoyed the cajun albacore. I was sad that my green tea ice cream which I always look forward to was half melted by the time I got it and BFF didn't expect her tempura ice cream to be soggy as opposed to the crunchy outside she expected :(The reason I didn't give a 5 star rating as I would've last year is that the service went downhill. I remember staff being more attentive with filling my water and more friendly upon entering the restaurant.  Might be a while before I make another visit...
2	What happen!? I'm so sad to even writing this review this use to be my favorite sushi joint I use to come here twice a week and I haven't for a while.... Last week I came here and the quality of fish just went down the toilet :(, there highlight was there pork belly but I had to return mine twice because its just all fat! And still after complaining about it they still serve me it all fat pork belly.... There sushi rice are not consistent anymore it falls apart, I ordered UNi and that was big disappointment you can see the blood line and its just gross to eat . UGH! I'm so sad about it hope goyemon get there act together and start serving good quality food again
5	This place is amazing! A friend recommended this place and said this place is packed all night. We got there around 8:45pm and waited about 20 min. I was skeptical about the AYCE on sushi but my friend was right, the food was very high quality and fresh. Sushi House Goyemon has a full bar and good selection of sakes.We had so many orders of everything (see pics ) but the stand outs were the Ama Ebi, special grilled white tuna, and the grilled pork belly. Everything on the menu comes in small portions only 1 or 2 small pieces but the wait staff service was spot on even though there was no an empty seat for 5 min the entire night. There is a time limit for the AYCE and it's mostly to turn over the tables. TipOrder several items a onceThe portions are small but tasty so you try moreReorder the item you really like.Expect a wait but the hostess is nice and will even call your cell when your table is readyHighly recommended, Great food, nice decor, exceptional service and did I mention the price $26.95
3	You know, after reading all the reviews I was really excited to try this sushi joint. It was packed when I got there which is always a good sign you know they are moving a lot of product and everything was FRESH FRESH FRESH. So why three stars? To begin, the sushi its self was cut and prepared right, but I felt constantly harassed to order my next item and could never relax and savor the experience.The rice was the right texture, and I felt the portion was good. Hot dishes take quite a bit of time to come out so be sure to order them in advance. The conch special was incredible, but I did't care for their saba or hamachi, I've had much better at other establishments. In my experience they are a good sushi restaurant, but I'm not sure about all the hype? I'll have to try it again.
1	Honestly, their food is good but their service just ruins everything.
3	Fish was fresh, rolls are good and the best part, you can get 1/2 rolls (4 pcs) so you can try many rolls! Try the sashimi salad! I love the dressing that is on it. Stay away from the poke salad. My cubes of tuna was hard. Service was beyond terrible. There were 2 empty tables for 25 minutes but the hostess said she couldn't seat us until the waitresses/waiters gave her an ok. What?! I was heated before eating my food. They actually have pretty good food for an ayce place. It's a shame that the service was so bad because even though the food is decent, I will probably not be back.
4	The only place where you can eat as many shrimp heads as you want..pork belly appetizer is awesome..everything is pretty decent and all you can eat deserts are cool features about this place..but its a super small place and gets packed everyday..
4	Typically I don't like to review after one visit, but even after a 30 minute wait for a party of one, I still felt the love for Goyemon. I think this place is owned by the same folks who own Monta which explains the tininess of the space. It maybe sits 50 people max which makes for an intimate dining experience whether you want it to be or not. I came by myself on a Sunday afternoon and had to wait 30 minutes for a table and because I had nothing else to do and wasn't rage hungry, I waited. There were a few open spaces at the bar, but I honestly think they were trying to maximize the service experience; instead of packing the house, they pace themselves which I guess I can appreciate.I'm not the biggest fan of AYCE but had faith in the reviews about the quality here, and really sometimes I just want to get the most bang for my buck. What I like about this place is how un-American the execution is; portion sizes are....reasonable and I don't mean that in a bad way. Sometimes you go to these AYCE places and the rolls are offensively large and the nigiri sushi pieces are big but so flavorless. Goyemon does an amazing job of portioning out  smaller but excellent pieces of fish, so I really felt like I got my money's worth. My favorite roll that I had was the crispy rice tuna; crunchy, salty, savory bites of tuna heaven! Also had the salmon, eel, albacore and tuna nigiri-all very fresh and delicious. I'm pretty boring when it comes to sushi and mostly stick to nigiri so can't speak to the rest of their jazzed up rolls, but the fish spoke for itself: quality.Also had a few appetizers like the miso soup, shrimp tempura and fried gyoza, all fantastic. I'd come back to try some more of the apps, particularly the pork belly that everyone is raving about in Goyemon's reviews.All in all, a quality sushi experience at an AYCE price that was worth the wait.
5	I have found my new favorite AYCE sushi joint in Vegas now.  Before coming here, I was a fan of Yama Sushi, which is still really yummy, but now that I've been introduced to this place, I don't know...I think I might have to come here now rather than Yama.  We arrived with a party of  6 and the hostess told us it would take about an hour and 15 minutes or so.  The place is small with a main dining area and two larger tables to the side of the restaurant for larger parties.  We ended up waiting about 50 minutes or so, which wasn't too bad!  There are a few tables with chairs outside so you can sit back and kick it.  Now onto the food... portions of their nigiri are smaller than what I'm used to in regular sushi restaurants, however, I think it's the right portion because it's not overwhelming and it makes you want to order more.  Fish is fresh and delicious..melts in your mouth taste, which is awesome, rice on the nigiris, perfectly packed and does not fall apart when dipping into soy sauce, this alone deserves a single star.  Sushi rolls were amazing to taste and the the size of the rolls were pretty generous.  My favorite would have to be the spider roll and dragon roll.  I had to get two of the spider rolls because it was that good.  They made it fresh so the soft shell crab came out nice, warm and crunchy.  Price came out to be about $34/person, which is not bad depending on how much you plan on grubbin'!  When we come to sushi places where it's AYCE, we always try to get the bang for our buck.  I definitely can't wait to come back here on our next trip to Vegas.  Staff was friendly, food came out quick, prices are affordable for AYCE,  bathrooms are clean.  I really enjoyed my experience here!  Desserts...I had the vanilla mochi and it was nothing special.  I wish they had more flavors of the mochi rather than just vanilla and strawberry.  I could really care less about the dessert though cause really it's all about the sushi here.  Yummy in my tummy!
4	Oh sweet dear lord Jesus they're open late and it's All-you-can-eat sushi! And how the hell do they offer pretty much THE ENTIRE MENU. It does cost more than your typical AYCE sushi joint, but DAMN is it way better!27 for dinner is the price of admission to this wonderland of fish. They have a bunch of daily specials that you are more than welcome to try. My head was spinning trying to pick what I wanted, but then I slapped myself into reality to focus on the sushi, particularly the nigiri!The nigiri here are pretty small which means I can eat a shitload of them! My favorites were the Ama-ebi (sweet shrimp) served with the deep fried head, the salmon, the hamachi (yellowtail), and the kanpachi (amperjack which was one of the daily specials). I didn't want to try the numerous other things, but next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely try more. I mean HEY, be happy! Come here late at night, have some sushi and just chill! This place is definitely worth trying if you're feeling for some AYCE sushi in Vegas. I wasn't disappointed!
5	This place is prolly one of the best Sushi restaurants that i've hit up in Rack City. I like the art work of the Samurai warriors on the wall and the samurai sword in the bathroom showcased in a glass case. My boy Whoadie is a chef that's been Elite for the past 3 years who has become vegetarian recently but decided to have a cheat day to come smash on the all-u-can-eat sushi for $28.95. We ordered some pork belly, seaweed salad, poke, unagi, ebi, a bunch of their fusion rolls, and a gang of sashimi, then make sure u got room to eat sum green tea ice cream!
5	If i could i would eat here everyday. so yummy. super white tuna all day long. mmMm and yakitori! =) great deserts
5	The only thing I like better than super good sushi is unlimited amounts of super good sushi. [enter Goyemon]While it ain't Sugarfish (LA), its pretty damn good and the service is killer. In fact, I might go so far as to say that its the best AYCE joint in the world and the fact that its located in Vegas only adds to the magic.  For $26.95 you can get some of the best sushi available in good ole Las Vegas, plus unlimited appetizers, daily specials and wait for it...DESSERT!  Trust me you won't want to skip dessert because they have an amazing green tea creme brulee and s super sweet selection of mochi ice cream. My only recommendation would be to get in early and to sit at the bar so that you have your chef's full attention.  The rest will take care of itself because Goyemon does it right from start to finish.DEFINITE MUST EAT!!!
3	The only thing i dint like in this place was the unagui sauce i ask the sushi master why this sauce looks like that,he anwser is because comes is a plastic bottle is not from scratch,huf that sauce was terrible very bad teaste not like the real sauce, the service was exelent very good
3	I came to this spot with my girlfriends before heading back home because we were craving some sushi. This place is just OK. I wasnt expecting spectacular quality of  fish because after all, it is an ayce sushi spot. What i really like about this place though is that you can order half rolls so that you don't get overly full off of the rolls and have more room to try other things. 2 stars off for horrible service. We literally had to call over the hostess because our server was nowhere to be seen 80% of the time.
2	The best thing was the pork belly. Wasn't impressed with the rolls, the baked mussels, dessert, or the menu.. I love sushi Kaya way more.
5	Awesome. Absolutely the best all you can Sushi. Quality.. Perfect!!!
5	Delicious sushi!  We took a cab from the strip and although that added about $20 the experience, it was well worth it.  We took advantage of the AYCE sushi. I was worried that they would bring them out slowly or the rolls would be small but they were timely with each serving and the rolls were stuffed. They have so many delicious rolls to choose from as well as many non-sushi items included in the AYCE.
3	The sushi no longer makes up for the staff who act like they're too busy to provide excellent service. Sometimes when I go in there I don't feel very welcome, I almost stay and eat in spite of the service. Some of the girls there are very sweet and attentive but most of the staff just rolls their eyes every time you want to take an order. If the owner won't hire more waiters, don't take it out on the customers, we would prefer you had more people waiting the tables.
5	Delicious and great service. They neither rush you nor pack in the rice once they've had enough of you. The fish is fresh. By far the best all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi I've had... ever.
3	We had the AYCE... which was good and not so good.Sushi quality could have been upped slightly... The fish could have been fresher. The amount of options were definitely 5 stars but I'd definitely rather spend a bit more and have a la carte at a better sushi restaurant. Seared salmon was delicous and I loved the skewered items. Uni was definitely not fresh on our visit. Definitely look on the specials menu to see what else is available for ordering!
5	since i found goyemon i dont go to any other sushi joints...EVER! if i do...i always end up leaving saying" ill just stick with Goyemon"The sushi is fresh no matter what time of day i go. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I ask for something and they get it for me without me having to say " why isnt it coming"Sushi's freshness is very important and they never disappoint me. Yeah there is a long line sometimes but it worth the waitThe side orders are my favorite. I always get me miso with shrimp heads, green mussel, steamed goyza, pork belly, and my favorite GRILLED VEGGIES!! YUMThis place is a MUST if you have loving for sushi. TRY IT OUT you will be back.. trust me.. you will get addicted to it lol
5	Loved it!  Our sushi chef Ivan was incredible, very skilled and friendly. Definitely recommend this place. Great quality fish - hamachi belly, super white tuna, and maguro.  Especially tasty was the pork belly.  Only downside, they ran out of tempura ice cream that night.
4	We entered hungry as a group of 5 after a long day of exploring around the vast place, which is Las Vegas... We exited as rolly polly balls probably since it felt like we needed someone to roll us out of the joint.  Probably one of the best $30 investments I made for all you can eat sushi. No arguments there. Wait time can be horrendous and it seems to get packed super fast. Luckily enough for our group of 5, we had no wait! There seems to be a limit on certain things you can order. The expensive ones like the ebi/shrimp and uni (I believe) all falls under this cap. Ebi was delish, don't forget to try. And to say I'm not usually an ebi getter!Unagi for days (was a bit boney), but the flavor was there, and the spicy ahi/tuna hand rolls (note, it being spicy, I needed a couple of water refills), and raw fish up the ying yang. We ate anything and everything,  including fried shrimp heads (do not fear the shrimp heads, they're actually not that bad even though you're eating a face).So though I'm raving why only 4 stars? Because I'm a major dessert fan, the tempura/fried ice cream and green tea ice cream did not do it for me. The ice cream in the tempura batter really didn't taste like vanilla ice cream, it kind of had the consistency of sherbert. Also, the tempura batter was soggy and not crunchy like when you think of typical fried ice cream. The green tea ice cream came to us half melted,  resulting in a puddle of frothy melted ice cream. That made me sad.Then again, you really don't come to an all you can eat sushi for their desserts. Sushi... Goyemon aced it!
5	My favorite thing about this place is that you can order half rolls for AYCE!  They are open late and they always seem to be busy.  In fact, I can't remember ever going there and seeing empty tables, I always need to opt for the sushi bar.  The sushi guys are super friendly, ready to chat up a storm, or leave you be if you're not a talker.  I have taken many friends with me to Goyemon and introduced this restaurant to them for the first time, and every time the experience is top notch.  Way to go, Goyemon! :)
3	Hey, have you had AYCE sushi before? Then be prepared to have exactly the same thing you're used to here! Goyemon is yet another cookie-cutter representation of the business that is AYCE sushi in Vegas. Be prepared for identical price, selection, and overly-riced composition with little variation between creatively named rolls.I guess if you're in the AYCE mood, this place does just fine. I had a selection of sushi rolls, salads, fried up appetizers, and nigiri. Everything was shockingly as I expected it to be. Though, my favorite nigiri (garlic tuna) was very underwhelming. More garlic sauce, please! And stop cutting them so thin. Oh, one major downer is that you have a time limit. 45 minutes, I believe. For that, I'd rather just go to Kobe anyway. No time limits, the same quality, and the atmosphere is nicer.Prices are unsurprisingly in line with every other sushi place of this caliber. Around $22-23 for lunch, and around $28 for dinner. Seriously, I'm beginning to think there's some kind of form you fill out online to open a sushi place in Vegas. Everything provided for you, you just put the money down! Just like a McDonald's, or a gas station. "The same great AYCE experience where ever you go!" I'll take royalties on the slogan.
5	Came here about a year and a half ago and I'm still thinkin' about this place! I loved that they were open late! However, they do run out of some of the good stuff! Don't get me wrong though, they still had a lot of fresh, fatty, juicy fish! My FAVORITE. I really liked the salmon belly! From what I can remember, the yellowtail nigiri had sauce on it, but I didn't know so afterwards I just asked for no sauce (I like my fish plain). Yummy desserts after your meal, what more can you ask for??
4	Every time I go here I go for the AYCE. Very good investment if you get several orders the baked mussels. I go here though for the Super White Tuna Nigiri and The Volcano since it doesn't have cream cheese. Great place for lunch but prepare to wait or go somewhere else for dinner since it's usually 30 mins to an hour wait for the next table. Overall it's always a good experience to dine here.
5	The most awesome Sushi place in Vegas. The "all you can eat" option is just brilliant.
4	Personally, whenever I go to sushi houses, I never eat anything but the AYCE. I feel like the value of the price relative to how much you can eat will surpass the value of the sushi itself, but that is dependent on the person. They have a normal lunch menu as well as AYCE during lunch, but I'm not so sure about dinner. On my various visits, I've been satisfied with the service. My first two times I came to Goyemon when I ordered, I ordered a lot the first time and the server gave me this warning of a sort that if I don't finish the food, I have to pay extra. Personally, I don't like people telling me stuff like that just because I know I wouldn't order more than I could eat, but I understand a lot of people don't finish their food and they just want to be pre-cautious.The servers are busy usually, but I also feel like they try not to make eye contact with you or something so you don't order more or something, for obvious reasons. So when you need something, you have to raise your hand and speak up.The food I would say is quite good. I am very satisfied with the quality of the rice and fish they serve. I personally love rolls, and so I am really satisfied with the rolls that they serve. I only wish they had a wider selection. Their nigiri is delicious as well. My favorite is the super white tuna and I recommend that to anyone who is new to eating sushi.
3	Taste: 3Value: 4Cleanliness: 3Atmosphere: 2Wait time:2Overall:31 being the worst, and 5 being the bestI came here with some local friends late night while in vegas.It seemed like a good idea for AYCE but the quality still felt like AYCE, the only other places I been which was Yama in vegas and Keanyama in Fremont that their all you can eat still tasted like a traditional sushi.There was a bunch of locals that got off work and drunk people here, the wait time was over 30 minutes and there was only one person in front of us.The staff was pretty rude, when we asked for more water or utensiles, they didnt have any expressions or any saing just brought it over, no thank you, or how is the food, can I get you anything else, Also We made eye contact quite a few times but they ignored us.( people I was with were all sober locals) so I dont see why the service was so bad.We had the talked about pork belly which was good, Should have ate way more of that than the sushi.I would go back if yama isnt open.also there is a one hr limit and anything uneaten you have to pay for.
4	You could fit this restaurant in my living room. The pictures I saw prior to visiting didn't quite represent the real space. They take NO RESERVATIONS. So, we bet on arriving early.We were seated 10 min later and we opted for the bar, otherwise the wait would have been longer. Looks like this place is packed all the time, well, it's Vegas, baby!As far as All-U-Can-Eat-Sushi option, I would only go for it if I were that guy from Food Network who swallows 10 giant burgers as one meal. Also, they charge you for left over food, so don't even bother. There's a very nice selection of sushi rolls, very creative and imaginative menu.Started off with Dynamite app: Baked baby scallops with mushrooms and onions. Yum!The menu features Baked rolls, Tempura rolls, Deep fried rolls and Specialty rolls (about 40 varieties all together).Fish was very fresh and rolls were delicious!!The chefs behind the bar were extra friendly.Well worth visiting.
3	I remember this place being pretty good. I personally thought it was over hyped...and a bit pricey in comparison to sushi kaya. It's not a knock your socks out place but more as a safety choice for sushi if you have no where else to go. Not a big selection eitherAlso...the service? 1 star. And it's ridiculous how long it took for them to finally take my order.
5	This sushi joint is awesome! It is always crowded. I love the selection of sushi and atmosphere. Although, I do get take out often.
5	Who would want to miss out this all you can eat Sushi place?? We had 6 people. We were taking to a separate room.  The interior has a warm welcome feeling with typical japanese setting. I ordered my personal favorite Dragon Rolls, Spider Rolls, eel and cucumber rolls and hand rolls, fried calamari, yakitori chicken, California rolls, shrimp Tempura, teriyaki Chicken, and miso soup.  Yes, all that food for just $28!!!  The sushi rolls were made to order and just the way it should be! Every roll was made to perfection.  The tastes are delicious. I finished all of them.  I probably tried some of other things that my friends ordered too. I felt stuffed! For dessert, I had Fried Ice cream, red bean ice cream and green tea ice cream.  All very good. Friendly service! Hopefully I will have chance to come back again!
5	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:  Goyemon is brother to a family of great restaurants including Monta Ramen/Chaya and Sushi Mon (now both the Maryland AND Sahara outlets are united under the same management)... so it safe to expect greatness.  It will not disappoint your taste buds and wallet, but it may test your patience for table wait.THE MEAT:  Hubby and I have swung by this place a few times but we weren't willing to wait an hour or two for a table.  MAHALO to awesome Yelper friends with hookups to a private room!  The sake options are awesome, and for $8, you can have a 3-shot sampler of any sake on their menu.  Their appetizer, sushi/rolls and dessert offerings also give you a wide variety with no limits.  The must trys - pork belly (lots of melt in your mouth fat that works), salmon belly nigiri, salmon collar (they cook this beautifully - I believe it is a superior part of the fish), the ecstasy roll (albacore, tuna, seaweed, masago, yum yum sauce - all the flavors and textures were lip-smacking good), and yuzu or lychee sorbet.  We were underwhelmed by a few items like Cajun albacore (the fish and execution is exceptional in Sushi Koma, which also has a much better version of the scallop dynamite dish).  But on the whole, you get a great bang for your buck with quality ingredients, good service and varied quantity.  I've tried a lot of AYCE sushi in Vegas but Goyemon still remains the undefeated champion.  I'M STILL DIGESTING... the fact that I didn't order more salmon belly.  Darn it.  WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-house-goyemon-las-vegas?select=J4rOAqKdqSJ5ir5zayaGAg#J4rOAqKdqSJ5ir5zayaGAg
4	Only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is because you always have to wait 20 minutes for a table and service can be slow at times. Not the worst thing - just means they're so busy because its delicious!!! Just go 30 min before your hungry.
4	Yay for first reviews! I always criticize food places and I've eaten a good amount of sushi. Having gone here tonight with my boyfriend's family (and still bloated from dinner), I thought this place deserved my first yelp review. Here it goes:Restaurant and Ambience: I have been to Goyemon more than 6 times for AYCE. Each time, the restaurant is fairly busy and full. For a party of six, I had to wait about 45 minutes for a table. Bathrooms were always clean and the sword on display above the toilet is pretty cool. The menu is similar to that of SushiMon on Maryland because they have the same owner. AYCE is everything on the menu, the specials on the chalkboard, as well as the ones on the placemat. What I love about this sushi place is that you are able to do half orders of special rolls which gives you more opportunity to try different rolls without pressure of over ordering.Sushi: My favorite special rolls are the Lemon roll, Pastel roll, and Crunchy Rice roll. Each one has a distinctive flavor characteristic to the roll, which is nice because I've been to some sushi places (great sushi) but the rolls feel heavy and complicated. In these, you taste the fish and the ingredients compliment each other. For dinner, I also order the grilled cajun salmon and pork belly. Did I mention that dessert is AYCE too? Not only mochi, but red bean or lychee sorbet, fried tempura ice cream, and specials like the chocolate mousse. They have hot green tea but it tasted more like hot barley tea, which I didn't mind because I love barley. Service was friendly and prompt tonight. Food came out reasonably fast for bulk ordering. There were some slow points.Overall: I keep coming back to this place with occasional visits to try out other sushi restaurants. The nigiri fish are a bit smaller for my liking and tonight, it wasn't as moist as the last time I had tried them. I don't find their appetizers "craving" worthy although they are decent. The grilled salmon are also ordered by piece and their about the size of your thumb. It 's not comparable to the grilled slab you get from Yama sushi. I guess I just have a problem with portions, but I overall like the place enough to be a regular.IF you want to become a regular, ASK FOR A STAMP CARD! It works for Sushi Mon too and the 11th AYCE is free. Yay free sushi!
5	I swore I already wrote a review for Goyemon but since it disappeared....I love love love Goyemon!They deserve 5 stars because of their consistency and the overall experience.You get the best of both worlds! Quality and Quantity!Don't expect sashimi or the best sushi in the world though.  You pay for what you get.  Their fish is fresh and they don't stuff their nigiri with rice.  It's a good proportion.  My favorite at Goyemon is the Super White Tuna - melts in your mouth *O*.AYCE (All You Can Eat) Dinner is $26.95 but expect to pay about $35 per person for tax and tip. You can choose from appetizers and desserts.  They have ramen late at night.  BTW, they are open til 3am. YAY!!!(exceptions to AYCE: limit 1 order (2 pieces) of Uni (sea urchin) and amaebi (sweet shrimp) per person)Tip:  Always look at the Specials Menu on the Blackboard before you order!!! Toro or salmon belly are good must-trys.        Expect to wait if you're rolling in during traffic dinner time or if you have a large group.  If you time it right, they have a private room that can seat a large group. However, they DO NOT take reservations.
5	I love this place sometimes service is a hit or miss. I really like the Mexican girl with the brown hair she's so nice. If it wasn't for her I'd probably knock down a star for this place  for service, the Asian girls always have a snooty attitudeAnyways food here is amazballs. I love the pork belly, salmon collar, almost everything. However, the spam in the spam sushi is always over cooked ;( the four different times I went there this summer. There is so much variety with the rolls from chicken, beef, and to fish. Plus if they recognize you they're usually accommodating to whatever kind of roll you can dream up. I did a spider roll with salmon skin and fresh scallop, I'm literally drooling thinking about it because now that I'm back in the bay area I can't have it :(. Ahhh don't even get me started on dessert, chocolate mousse, green tea tiramisu, and yuzu sorbet always hit the spot but lychee ice cream trumps them all. I can't wait to hit this place up when I'm back in vegas.
5	Hubby and I loves their Curry...reminds us of CoCo Curry house back home :)
2	Horrible horrible service!!!! What happened to this place?Food is good and fresh. I refuse to go here during normal hours but if I'm craving sushi at 2am then I'd stop by. Otherwise I will drive way across town to Yama Sushi for excellent service and food! So sad to see this place fall apart..
5	This AYCE sushi place will live in my dreams. Amazing! Not much to add what they are doing here for what people say about it. The turnaround time to get our sushi was quick and quality was awesome for the price. Don't forget to get the Pork Belly off the green chalk board and chocolate mouse for desert. I could eat a thousand of the Tempura Shrimp here. Vegas you are a sin because this place should be illegal it is so good. I will put this on my top 5 list of places I have ever eaten!
5	AYCE SUSHI + YAKITORI = CULINARY HEAVEN **Not only does this place offer you AYCE fresh nigiri and specialty rolls, but also grilled specials such as pork belly, cajun salmon, super white tuna, chicken yakitori, etc!This place offers high quality sushi! I'm not kidding. The salmon belly is a MUST! Along with the yellowtail and salmon. The nigiri just melts in your mouth. Our group surprised the waitress as we scarfed down each of our orders within 10 seconds and asked for more. The menu suggests that we only have 1 hr to order food, but it seemed like they didn't keep track of the time. However, we came right before the rush hour, so things may be different. But overall, the sushi is absolutely amazing! As for the grilled menu - I recommend the super white tuna, chicken yakitori, and the grilled pork belly. All are full of amazing flavor! And to top it off, the dessert is also just as spectacular. BEST GREEN TEA ICE CREAM EVER. None of that flour-y taste. It's your genuine green tea ice cream! Also, they have different specials for dessert. That night we had the Yuzu sorbet, which tastes just like Kumquat (citrus-like flavor). I also highly recommend the Lychee sorbet!! Other honorable mentions include the vanilla and strawberry mochi ice cream.Probably the best AYCE sushi I've ever had. Period.
5	This was basically my group of friends at this place. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-3e0EkvIEMBasically, my group of 7, devoured every sushi plate that was set before us. For $27, I've had arguably the best sushi I've ever had and it was AYCE!The venue is pretty small and space fills up really quickly so I recommend getting here pretty early. They do have a 1 hour eating maximum but like I said, if you're devouring sushi like us, 1 hour is plenty or else this place will run out of fish. The menu has all kinds of nigri, salmon, tuna, yellow tail, they also have rolls but we didn't really touch those. Additionally, they have seared sushi as well such as the cajun salmon. Furthermore, the pork belly just melts in your mouth. Moreover, the appetizers like miso soup, garlic edamame, and sea weed salad are great side dishes to much on while you're waiting for your orders to come. The dessert here is amazing! I rarely, order 2nd servings of desserts but this place made me order 3rd helpings! This place has arguably the best green tea ice cream I've ever had. It was rich, smooth, and did not have that cheap flour taste that other places have. Furthermore, the Yozu sorbet was delicious. I think it was the greatest ice cream dessert I've ever had and I crave for it all the time!I honestly, felt bad for our waitress as my group became a hungry pack of piranhas. Have you ever seen a pack of Piranhas devour a fish? I would love to add a youtube video here but I rather not give people an upset stomach...  My group has been to most of the popular sushi places in Vegas, Yama, and Koma, and Goyemon is heads above the crowd. Hands down the best AYCE sushi. Once you come to this place, no other ayce sushi place can ever compare.Extra Note: According to my friend, this place is so amazing that he beat 3 levels of candy crush within the hour... XD
5	Best ayce sushi i've ever had. My husband and I have pretty much try all ayce sushi in LA county and OC county and we couldn't find anything we like until 2 years ago when we went to Vegas and found this place on yelp. Since then, whenever we went to Vegas, this is a must stop place.The reasons we like them: lots of varieties of Nigiri, their nigiri has a good proportion of rice to fish, they have really good specials of the day, you can do half order of rolls, good desserts selections and they open til super late.
1	I just had a late lunch. The all you can eat sushi was not worth it. The food was not fresh. It was horrible!!! I've been here quite a few times but I don't remember the food tasting like this. First of all, the edamame was not eatable. I couldn't even get the peas out of the pods. The chicken skewers were dried and had a weird smell with it. Perhaps the meat was sitting out too long?? The sushi items we ate didn't taste fresh. Especially the tuna. We also ordered the green mussels which was burnt and ruin the rest of my appetite. Overall for lunch I should of starve.
4	The wait was for awhile, but when you're with great companies, it didn't really matter!   I thoroughly enjoyed my uni and the fresh sweet shrimps.  The poke salad was delish.  Nigiri was nicely done, not too much rice.  Too bad I didn't really enjoy the salmon nigiri though because the salmon was really thin so it wasn't sweet.  The scallops nigiri was amazing too.  Desserts = :)  .It's a good place to go in place of other buffets on the strip if you're just craving from Japanese AYCE.
4	Got my tempura ice cream this time around but the servers got much of our orders mixed up. We were in the back room. But the food was still excellent - kudos for super white tuna, hamachi, pork belly and hurricane roll. I'd rather sit at the bar and watch the chefs make the sushi fresh.
5	Amazing! $26 and some for all you can eat (an hour to order sushi and grilled items) super white tuna, pork belly, hamachi, red dragon roll, hurricane roll, Teri chicken roll and everything else recommended!!!The fish we were served was fresh and good quality! None tasted dry and better yet, no fatty strands.We had a few mix-ups on orders but it wasn't a big deal since our party was pretty big. Great service and they had a lot of patience and kept their cool.
4	I've dined at Goyemon a few times and the food here is pretty amazing. I'm particularly a fan of the garlic edamame, grilled pork belly (hands down one of the best things on their menu), hamachi nigiri, white tuna nigiri, baked mussels...the list goes on and on. The food never disappoints. I will definitely come back to this place! So why not four stars? The receptionist didn't really look like she was happy to be there and the service has room for improvement. Our orders had gotten messed up on several accounts, and because we were in a separate room (we had a party of 14) it seemed like they forgot us. The wait was about 30 minutes which is actually very fast at this place. Sometimes you can wait over an hour...but in all honesty, it's worth the wait. The $26 you pay for the All You Can Eat dinner includes: select nigiris and rolls, more than a few hot (grilled, fried, baked) items, drinks and dessert. Be sure to check the chalk board next to the sushi bar which includes daily all you can eat specials! More than worth it in my opinion!
5	fun and delicious!! The chefs were amazing. Best part of the meal was the pork belly. But like any good thing a little goes a long way. :) the chocolate mousse at the end heavenly :) and the prices can't beat them for the type of quality in food you get
2	Massively disappointed by this place. The quality of sushi here is way beneath what even my own colleagues and friends had Yelped this place for. The saving grace to the meal for me were the desserts though. The creme brulee was fantastic, as was the tempura vanilla ice cream.One more note - they don't have a lot of items that are pictured on Yelp, so don't be guilty of looking at random pics on Yelp and then expecting it at the restaurant.
4	Came here for the $26 AYCE sushi. You get an hour to stuff your face! The service is pretty bad, and even downright rude at times, but just grab any waiter walking by and place your next order or get your drink filled. If the review was just for the service, I'd only give this place one star. But the 4 stars are for the price, variety of menu options, speed and quality.Here are some of my fave menu items:- Sashimi salad- Miso soup with shrimp heads- Fried shrimp heads- Garlic edamame- Pork belly **one of the best I've ever had!- Rice crisps **wasn't sure about this, but ended up ordering 3 more plates of it! DELISH- Cajun salmon **check out their chalk board for specialty items. - Cajun anything! - SuperwhiteAll of the rolls were fresh and none of them were overloaded with rice. The dessert menu is by far the best I've seen on any AYCE menu. The mochi and green tea ice cream were sooo good! They even have chocolate mousse, just the perfect ending to a great dinner.You may have to wait if you come with a group of 5 or more, and they stop seating at 2am, so make sure to get there with enough time. This is quickly becoming a local hot spot!
5	Affordable, yummy and not that big. Usually a wait so try to call ahead. Quick service and the all you can eat is a really good deal. I enjoy the lychee desert and everyone I go with likes the super white tuna. Enjoy!
2	Service is way too slow and portions are too small with giant balls of rice to make this outing worth it. Although it's ayce, I felt very limited since they hold out on taking orders because the sushi chef could not handle a medium traffic workload. I would not recommend, the hospitality ruined my night.
5	One of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas!  I don't even have to order, they just bring me my food.  Great staff!!!  The sushi is excellent and the decor is perfect.  And you wont wait long to get your food, I really don't know how they do it so fast.  I'm very impressed with Goyemon!
3	The food there is delicious, however, that being said the service can be lacking and this tiny place is usually packed to its limits. One night it took the entire course of my meal to get the first thing I ordered (miso soup). The only reason I frequent this place is the convenience of the place being open to 3am.
1	Food is okay - the menu has changed a lot since its opening and I am sad to say that a lot of the dishes that made it special are no longer available.  Fish is decent but you pay for what you get.I've been to this restaurant around 6-7 times and I have to say that 3 of those times, I experienced shoddy service and it seems to be getting worse.  The first bad experience was when our first waitress ended her shift at 6pm and then we didn't get a second server for the next 45 minutes which meant that no one took our orders, removed our plates, or fill our water for almost 45 minutes until we finally asked where was our server.  Even then, there was no apology and the waitress seems annoyed that she had to work another table.  The second time and third time (which was the last two times we went), the waitresses did not want to take our order individually; instead, she asked us to consolidate our orders among our party which was very hard to do in a large party and loud restaurant.  I know what I want but you want me to order for the rest of my group and guess how much they want as well?  If that's what they are going to do for large parties, they should implement a system with paper and pencil so we can write down or tally up what we want on the menu.  If not, at least try to be accommodating, friendly, or apologetic about the inconvenience.  Their attitude from the get-go seemed impatient, frustrated, and not welcoming at all.
3	I was so excited to come here after all the rave reviews and hype from friends. So I finally go with a group a friends to try it out! They have a nice selection of rolls and the norm for nigiri, decent for AYCE. There is also a selection of the days special and what's fresh, so that's nice to look at.Quality of the rolls were just OKAY, the rice on my rolls were a little...soggy?The deep fried rolls were very tasty, and fulfilling.I have to commend the spicy rolls they have here though! The spicy rolls, in particular one...was HOT!Besides the spicy rolls, the dessert was a pretty good factor in making me like this place, the creme brulee was great!Service was okay, the servers can be dauntingly slow and inattentive. They took forever to bring the check to us, despite rushing us to finish our meal.I might return to Goyemon to give it another try, but in the meantime, I'm in no rush.
1	My gf and I have been going to this place a good amount of time already, we never had any problems nor complains, until the last two times we went service was horrible. Food was alright as usual, but service got terribly terribly worst. I had the same server for the last two times I went, it was a mexican dude. I don't have any problems with mexican or any nationality but this dude was just ignored us. Every time my gf and I went we always tip good, but he just ignored us, I thought he was busy or something but no he was walking around talking to other customers and took their second round order. He was gone right after he took our first orders. It was just irritating seeing this guy working there. Will never go back until this guy leaves this place.
2	I decided to try this place.  First off walking in and not being greeted by anyone is a fail.  The hostess did not even glance up even though she knew we walked in.  We had to politely go up and let her know that we would like to be seated.  She kind of mumbles something and then walks away to go deliver checks to the respected tables.We finally get seated.  All the waitresses were kind of serving all the tables. The sushi rolls all kind of tasted the same.  Though I did get enough food for my buck.  I should not have to continually ask for water and during down time see the hostess not doing anything.  But she did seat everyone who came in after us right away...It made me miss my sushi place back home.  My sister was disappointed as well.
4	This is becoming one of my new frequent sushi spots. They have such a unique menu of rolls, the sushi is fresh, they have quick service and the servers are pretty attentive. The spicy tuna rice cracker is soooo good and so is their edamame. The rolls i really liked were the pastel, calico, sexy girl, lemon and yesibu. I love that you can do half rolls and sample everything. Although, the whole rolls aren't overwhelming big that you can only eat 2. Can't wait to go back.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!I do not recommend eating here. This place actually will ask you to leave because they are busy and have customers waiting. We were seated only for 45MINS which is by NO means an overly excessive amount of time and we were told that we needed to finish our food becuase people were waiting. staff is RUDE, and they are UNPROFESSIONAL. *** AS A PAYING CUSTOMER I DO NOT APPRECIATE BEING ASKED TO LEAVE AFTER 45MINUTES*** & this has also happened to other people I know my firend was actually adivsed that it doesnt matter if hes still ordering dessert / tea they need to leave .
5	My friends and I wanted to eat at an AYCE sushi place.  There were some debates on which place to go.  My friend that lives in LV recommended me to go here.  He lived here 10+ years and also has a sushi chef background.  With that in mind and the 600+ reviews in yelp, we decided to go here.  There was a 15 minute wait, which we didn't mind because we walked to the mini mart a few stores down and bought a bottle of beer.  We requested sitting at the bar so that we can order directly from the sushi chefs.  The sushi was fresh and made quick.  There were also items that needed to be ordered from the waiter - yakitori, pork belly, udon, dessert, shumai, etc.  Everything I ordered was delicious.  There were also daily specials too.  After we were finished I asked my friends if this was better than the other place you went last time (Don't want to call out the other place).  He said this place was better.
5	One of the best sushi places I've had! Location is a little strange and out of the way but well worth it. Yelpers were spot on with their raving reviews of Goyemon. The inside was very nice and clean and didn't smell :) It was a packed house which is always a good sign of a great establishment. We sat at the sushi bar and Ivan, our sushi chef was amazing. Of course we ordered the AYCE. Loved the fact we can order 1/2 rolls so we could try lots of different items. The nigiri was the perfect bite size. We enjoyed the Hurricane, garlic tuna, masago with quail egg, and I also tried the 911...spicy habanero HELL! We made friends with nearby patrons & started sharing but none of them dared to try the 911. I couldn't feel my face after eating it, thank goodness for the nearby sugar packets to help put out the heat.To finish our meal, lychee sherbet...refreshing and light.Definitely at the top of our list for sushi.
2	Had dinner with friends on a Friday night, wait time was 45 min. I wasn't surprised. Nothing really stood out for me, that it goes on the fav list. It's difficult for AYCE places to please everyone, for me it's the hamachi kama, uni, sweet amaebi and oysters. I know exactly which place serves them as AYCE items. Prices are comparable to every AYCE restaurants, sake by the bottle prices were actually inexpensive..
5	Great snow crab n albacore n spicy tuna. Urchin n squid was wack. Poki was meh. White tuna was surprisingly good. Sushi chef was a bit rude. But the Latino sushi chefs were way cool. Found a hair in our roll sent it back and Latin dude sent us urchin. It was a kind gesture but I didn't like it.
3	I'm afraid to even write this review... EVERYBODY seems to absolutely ADORE this place... I've heard a lot about it, everyone ranting and raving about how GOOD it is. Everytime I try to come here, there is always a wait and HB and I are not about that life. So we came for lunch. HB got a cucumber roll and loved it. I ordered Edamame, Steamed Shumai, Seaweed Salad, Tuna Poke, and yellow tail, tuna, salmoon and fresh scallop nigiri. 'I was FAR from impressed by their Tuna Poke. Amando S. can make it better at home! The Edamame was crisp and good... the Shumai was PLAIN - I think I ate like ONE piece. The Seaweed salad was good... aaaaaand the Nigiri... It was OKAY. The Tuna seemed a little fishier than I normally experience however the Scallop WAS quite good. The scallop is so hit or miss depending where you are at and they served it very well here so that was definitely a good thing! I just don't know what all the hype is about! It was GOOD don't get me wrong but my mind was not blown!
5	My absolute favorite all you can eat sushi place! Fresh, delicious, great service. . Try the ecstasy roll, my personal fave :P
5	This is my favorite sushi place in ALL of Las Vegas.  Their rolls are just good!  The prices are decent too, I never do all-you-can-eat at any sushi place because I usually eat less than ordering individual rolls would cost - two rolls fills me up.  They have the best spicy tuna!  My boyfriend always gets the salmon special, it's a dinner combination plate that comes with soup, salad, a little scoop of potato salad, big scoop of rice, shrimp and vegetable tempura, a california roll, AND teriyaki salmon for about $12.  It's a great deal!
5	This is the best sushi in town. We come at least 3 times a month. I love everything about this place.
5	Who doesn't love a buffet?....Especially when it's All-You-Can-Eat awesome sushiAfter a fail attempt at Cesar's buffet during my last Vegas trip (Oct. 2013) me and a party of 13 didn't want to stand in that ridiculous hour wait line so one of our friends who was with us and a resident of Las Vegas suggested we go to Sushi Goyemon since it's all you can eat sushi and he said the sushi was just as good as Honolulu's sushi...so of course we couldn't refuse.We got there around 8pm and there was about an hour wait as well but we just walked a few stores down, bought some beer and waited outside by our car until we got called in. We were then seated in their private room. We all got the all you can eat buffet for $27 but with tax it came out to little over $31. Don't bother filling you tummy with the rolls because that makes you full instantly because we ordered about 2 and yes they were good but they were so filling. I loved all of the nigi sushi...sad that they only allow 2 pieces for the uni (sea urchin), amaebi (sweet shrimp) and the GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE (which is not on the menu). Their hamachi, ikura, ahi, salmon, unagi, scallops, albacore etc is all fine cuts and really freshly delicious! I also enjoyed their baked mussels, fried fish heads, asparagus, tomato salad. I think everything on their menu was great and I was so stuffed walking out...Now I know where to go for good buffet sushi whenever I visit Vegas.The place is small and busy so be sure to wait and they do offer a punch card so for all you regulars out there.
3	Really fast service I order all you can eat and I enjoyed most of there special menu rolls.
5	This place has Sushi that is in a class by itself, It's open until 3am but 2am is the last all you can eat seating, so late night hookah people might want to check it out. The usual assortment of Nigiri and Rolls but also a few unique items. They have deep fried rolls and seared salmon. Very tasty. Try the Pork belly or the Cajun Salmon, Cajun spice and Chili sauce that is sweet and wonderful.The staff is very friendly, and will make you feel at home.It is so good that you should be prepared to wait for a table. But then again, if no one is in a place, that speaks volumes.Located on Decatur and the 215 South, near Hacienda.
5	I like this place when I have the craving for AYCE.  I love the pork belly and the sashimi salad.
4	Nothing special I think this place tastes like all the other places I've eaten at but nonetheless, it's still tasted good! I had the Salmon Special which was very tasty, I loved the sauce that came with my salmon and the fact that I had a small dish of coleslaw as well. My friend had udon and it smelled and looked so good! I'll have to try it next time!
5	It's one of the best all you can eat sushi I have ever been.I like how they are so generous with their fish. They don't compact the rice, so that rice is chewy by itself, and the whole thing is soft.The chefs are good and fast. It's off the strip. So if you want to go there, you need to rent a car.
3	Just okay...I would say the most over rated sushi joint in town. This place is always packed but the cucumber salad and tuna poke were as bland as can be!! Everything else was just okay...the sexy girl was fantastic!!!!!
1	Walk in to sit AT THE BAR, 5 seats open, wait for tables, Waitress tells me 10 minute wait for BAR seat, because they dont want to backup the sushi chefs from serving everyone else IF I sat at the bar!???? WTF. (Btw, there were THREE sushi chefs working). WILL NOT EVER GO HERE AGAIN.
5	BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!!!!! Generous portions of fish, great variety of rolls and open super late. Can't beat that mix. We eat here whenever we are in Vegas- it's love at first bite at Goyemon.
4	I just found my new AYCE sushi spot in Vegas. When it comes to AYCE sushi, I'm pretty particular. While some places limit what you can get on the menu or overload your rolls with rice, this place does the exact opposite. The sushi AND appetizers/starters are included in their AYCE menu, and they have a great selection of unique starters and specials.(Their Spicy Tuna Rice Crackers are a must!!)They have a good selection of speciality rolls, and each roll comes with plenty of fish. The $27 price is competitive for the quality and quality. I just wish I had enough room in my stomach to try everything, but I'm definitely coming back!
4	Got referred by my friend to visit the place in vegas n had great time enjoying dinner! Waiting is unavoidable. Though host was way off on estimated wait time. The server named Rie was on top of her job feeding two ravenous mutants. All u can eat sushi was just about right size. Green tea Brulee n lychee sherbert desserts were awesome. Totally worth waiting 45min. to hr.
5	I don't mind the wait so worth it to eat here. I love the AYCE menu. Probably why I am here at least once a week
4	The sushi is pretty good for what my opinion is worth. I usually eat the stuff that has been either baked or cooked in some way because I'm a loser (or so I've been told by various companions of mine at sushi restaurants). As far as being Paleo friendly, I don't think you can get much better than fresh fish, kelp, and some white rice. Skip the soy sauce (contains gluten!) and the mayo-based sauces and you're golden.It's expensive, like all other sushi restaurants, and I'm skeptical of the quality of their fish for that price like I am with all other sushi restaurants, but given that it tastes so good I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. The only real problem I have is that given the price of the all-you-can-eat, I feel like I have to eat at least 3 rolls to break even so I always leave there feeling like I've eaten way more than I should! (To clarify, I prefer wild-caught fish over farmed fish, but they make no mention on the menu or anywhere else about the sourcing of their fishes, and when I asked the waitresses didn't know. Wild-caught fish would be worth the price and I wouldn't call them too expensive. Farmed fish is not worth the price, and if that's what they use then they're too expensive.)
2	I was sorely disappointed. After seeing delicious looking pictures from friends who have been there, we stopped here when we arrived in Vegas. The sushi seemed old and was not delicious. My friend thought the white fish was pretty good, but that was it. Maybe it was an off day? Too bad bc I can't chance another wasted dining opportunity to allow them redemption.
4	Been here twice.  $27 for dinner all you can eat.  Sushi is good - not fantastic, but not bad - comparable to almost anywhere else.  What is fun - the fact you can order and order and order - since you can get half roll (maki) you can really eat a lot of sushi and try everything.  Pay attention to the black board to the right of the sushi bar - with specials.  Salmon Belly was available one night - super fantastic.  Super White Tuna - fantastic. Salmon and Hamachi really good.  Scallop - good. Conch, Halibut and Sweet Shrimp - were just OK.  Lots of desserts included. Sea Weed Salad, things other than sushi are included but you order with your waiter and not the sushi chefs.  Sit at the sushi counter - fun and they just wait on you attentively - asking you what you like and giving you whatever you want.   Spicy Tuna crackers everyone raves about - didn't seem that special. Everyone raves about the Pork Belly - was OK.  But hey - its included so try it.  Service is good.  Sitting at the Sushi Bar - much better because you have the sushi guy right there asking you what you want all the time. Fun to take a friend and just go thru all the sushi you can possibly go thru.
3	Decent sushi. Their unagi (BBQ eel) is terrible and that's my favorite. The salmon and other rolls are good.
4	Okay this is my 4th time here and I really like this place for nigiri sushi. the rolls don't really impress me. I am more a nigiri person, sushi is about the fish not about jazzed up mayo or Teri sauce. Goyemon does have a impressive selection of nigiri for a AYCE. They also do have great desserts and appetizers. I like it because no limit on dessert like some places. They also have a black board that changes daily with specials that includes special fish of the day. On this day it was conch, konpachi, Bonita, jalepeno massage and negatoro. The conch nigiri so good. On this day service was greatly improved with servers being really attentive to us. I have tried most of the major AYCE sushi joints in Vegas and no one can beat Goyemon on fish varieties and varieties of rolls, appetizers.Only con is the long wait, usually 30 to 40 min wait. Very popular place and it's a small place. I've been in there at 1am and it's packed during mid week
4	Good sushi, always order the spiciest roll! Great sushi salad. Went on our lunch break.
1	Party of 7, wait time: roughly 30 mins.AYCE limitations: No sharing (as always), and 1 hour limit- the heck?!This was our first visit but I follow a few people on YouTube that have been to this place so I've heard good things about it. The restaurant sits at the of a very quiet strip mall, well at least at 9:00pm it was quiet. Hostess was pleasant and sat us, but when we told her that we were all probably going to do AYCE, she only gives us 2 AYCE menus so we request for more. She never came back w/ them so we asked our server. He never came back w/ them. So we asked the busser, finally! Someone understands that 7 people shouldn't be sharing 2 freaking menus!Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders and even more time getting them to us. Even longer to take our orders which is a bit frustrating considering that they place an hour restriction on their AYCE! Needless to say-- their service sucked.On to the eats-- mediocre at best. I'm sorry but if you can't get garlic tuna right-- WTF is wrong with you?! It's my fav and has got to be the easiest f-ing thing to make. First off I didn't taste any garlic, it was more of a "lemon" tuna. And then I ordered a cut roll, it was more rice than sushi. Goyemon, I understand you're a small establishment and you want a good turnover on the tables, but if your servers suck, take their time with orders and stand around talking to other staff members for the majority of their shift (as they did the night we came in) then lift the hr limit bc your price point for what we rec'd was quite upsetting. Ok, bye.
5	I think the AYCE sushi lunch was around $22.  The dinner is around $27.  We came around 12pm on Saturday and we didn't have to wait.  However, we came to Vegas during the off-season.It's located in the corner of a strip mall, not too far away from the Vegas Strip.  Plenty of parking.  The service was good and fast.  The food was really good.  I like this place more than SushiMon.  Definitely will come back again!
3	I will admit, the food is amazing. But the last time I went there, my dad found a live cockroach underneath his sushi. Then our waiter killed it and then asked "Do you still want it?" The food is good, but we're not coming back. After finding that cockroach, no.
5	AYCE lunch for $21.95! Everything was tasty and fresh. Nigiri sushi were small which is good. You can try more flavors! I didn't eat tempura ice cream because I was full. Anyway, it is a fabulous restaurant. If you love sushi, you must go there.
5	I am a big fan of sushi... And this place has an amazing fish quality! Their super white tuna is to die for... Must try
5	This was a great stop for lunch. Had the AYCE. Absolutely loved the Andy roll and the Supreme Salmon roll. Everything was fresh and amazing. Service was excellent also. This just might be my new Sushi go to placeTip:Get here early for lunch, the place gets packed!
5	Been coming here for the last 3 years, a review was due.Hands down the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.Best appetizers, best unlimited desserts and most important,  very fresh fish.Tips: -The wait can be long on the weekend evenings and they don't take reservations...have someone from your party arrive first and throw their name down-Get a loyalty card, I think I've burned through 4 of them by now. Buy 10 get 1 free stamps knock $2.50 off each meal each time. Not bad.I've tried 5 other places in Las Vegas and have yet to find better.
5	Best AYCE sushi place for $26.95. Was looking around for other sushi places in Vegas but saw this place and it had pretty good recommendations. Place was pretty packed at 5 pm Christmas Eve and the estimated wait time was an hour and a half. However within thirty minutes we were in.Service was prompt and quick. We were greeted warmly and I would recommend this location to others!
2	Good food, but the wait for lunch is ridiculous. Someone needs to figure out how staffing works and schedule enough people to handle the rush. If my lunch break is an hour long, I can't wait an hour to get a seat.
5	All u can eat is very good! And it's even better when we ordered half size of everything! The price ($27 for dinner) is very reasonable compared with the buffets in fancy hotels with waiting time for 1-2 hours. As the first time visiting Las Vegas, going here for dinner was a wise and perfect decision!
4	Please be prepared to wait. An all you can eat sushi menu is such an amazing deal you won't regret it!  Great sushi, busy atmosphere, and worth it! My fav is sweet shrimp nigiri sushi and halibut sushi.  What to choose for rolls is endless.
5	Hotate Hotate Hotate! My favorite! The fish is so fresh and yummy! One of the best places to eat AYCE and includes Nigiri! Hotate, fried shrimp heads, hamachi, ikura, amaebi, hirame makes me a happy! Sit at the Sushi bar, Ivan will take great care of you. He was great!!!!! Thank you Ivan you helped me convince my cousin why Goyemon is better than the rest!
3	Always busy, sometimes underrated. Love their pork belly. I wish they have more servers because of the long wait all the time. It quite in the middle of nowhere for me. I get claustrophobic and they placed us in the middle of the room so I was quite uneasy.
4	The food is really what gets the 4 stars! All you can eat dinner for $26 was worth it! The customer service could have been much better :/ our server seemed as if she hated being there and had very little personality when coming to our table. Could've been a bad night for her. The sushi was yummy! But Yama is still out favorite!
4	I have searched for months for a good sushi place and now I have found it. I went for all you can eat and it is the best deal i have found so far, and that does include dessert.   I would recommend sitting at the sushi bar as you will get a direct line to the sushi chef, they are very attentive and quick to give you your order. Be sure to order the Athena roll
1	I have been a faithful Goyemon customer for years! It's always the spot I choose for my birthday and other special family get-togethers. The other day my sister and I went to eat AYCE and she came home with food poisoning. Threw up everything on the floor. And she hasn't thrown up in 9 years! We ate the exact same food except I didn't eat super white tuna. I know that super white tuna asks like a laxative and makes people want to use the bathroom but this occurrence showed me that there must be something wrong with their food. I'm not upset but that but more that I kindly called the restaurant to warn them. The receptionist said the manager would call me back and he never did to apologize or thank that I took the time to warn them before they poison other people. She even asked for my name and number. Will not be returning. Very bittersweet since I love Goyemon's food.
5	This is one of my favorite all you can eat sushi places.  There's always interesting specials on the menu.  I think I had smoked salmon sushi and striped bass as specials last time I went.  The decor is done in warm tones and is Japanese minimalistic.  Everything is very fresh.  It is the only all you can eat sushi place I have ever been to where I order Hamachi and they give me Hamachi Belly without prompting.  Yum.  The only thing bad I can say about the place is they don't have agedashi tofu and soft shell crab as part of the all you can eat appetizers.
4	Being a very avid and frequent sushi seeker, I enjoy coming back to Goyemon, especially for the AYCE!Although their menu is very extensive and broad with variety, I believe I have selected my fair share of must have items after about a dozen visits.  Ecstasy roll is always what I order first. Tuna based roll with a topping of seaweed salad and roe finished in a light creamy sauce. Truly fulfilled the expectation of a food high. Salmon skin hand roll is simple but just done so right and deliciously.  Pork belly is absolutely craveable. Seriously amazing product and execution on the grill. Comes perfectly glistening in a slightly sweet and savory sauce with a refreshing acidic mango salsa to tame that rich, meaty, umami unctuousness. All of the deserts are excellent. My favorites being the chocolate mousse, mochi ice cream, and especially the Yuzu sherbet. Its the perfect citrusy, light palate cleanser to end your meal after eating all the fatty fresh fish you can handle. Service is really a hit or miss, as well as the wait times, which, at some visits have been disappointing enough to effect the whole meal feel vibe, and having sushi kaya as another frequent option/alternative.
4	I'm a frequent at Goyemon and nine times out of 10 they deliver.The service more times than not is quick and efficient.  There is one waitress there that I'm not very fond of, but most of the other servers bust their ass on a daily basis.  Food is churned out a consistent rate, but don't be afraid to be on top of the servers...there have been a few times when our order was misplaced by the chefs.  The wait times during peaks hours are LONG.  Expect on Friday and Saturday night to be waiting up to 1.5 hours for a seat and they absolutely do not take reservations.  However, the wait is very much worth the experience.  I'd recommend heading over to PT's a block down and grabbing a beer while you wait for them to call and tell you that your table is ready.  They're pretty flexible and understanding that it may take you five minutes to get back to the restaurant to get to your seats.  In addition, I would highly recommend going here for dinner, than going during lunch.  The service and food has always been better in the evening than during the day.The overwhelmingly majority of the time the fish is as fresh as it gets in Vegas (there was a good two visits in a months time during the past year and a half that my partner and I have been going their where the freshness was questionable.  However, it was temporary.  The next time we visited the quality was excellent.).  They will often have some very beautiful cuts of tuna that are just to die for.I find it quite impressive for an AYCE restaurant to be serving this quality of meat.  The range of items you can an order on the AYCE menu is insane, but I love the variety.  I would recommend the following if you're going to be doing all you can eat for the first time:Nigiri:- Yellowtail- Garlic tuna- Super White Tuna (melts in your mouth...so good!  My absolute favorite!)- Cajun tuna or cajun albacore (cajun tuna is a special and they run out quick, but I find cajun albacore to be a great substitute).- Red snapperGrill:- Steamed edamame (I find the the garlic edamame to be far too greasy, stick with the steamed!)- Pork belly- Super white (it's a special)- YellowtailRolls:- Magma- Sexy girl (the cucumbers pair so well with this roll)- Crispy rice - Yebeisu- Salmon skinDessert:- Red bean ice cream!  - I'm not a big green tea fan, but everyone tells me that their green tea creme brulee is excellent.If you just want to try a bunch of different rolls, than you can order half a roll for the large majority of the items.  Trust me for the tempura and especially the baked items...you may want too!For a quality sushi dinner (that just happens to be AYCE) at $26 for dinner...it's hard to be beat.  You just have to know when to go and hope you don't get the one waitress that will drive you nuts!
4	tasty nigiri - you'd want to stick to the nigiri and anything written on the boardmust add quail egg on somethingorder anything from the grill
5	This is my go-to AYCE sushi place in Vegas. I always find myself craving not only the sushi, but also the side-dishes and even the dessert. These are my usuals:Rolls: - Sexy Girl (shrimp tempura roll with spicy tuna, crumbs, and eel sauce)- Pastel (crab stick and cream cheese, topped with shrimp, avocado, and eel sauce)- Magma (shrimp tempura roll topped with salmon, eel sauce and Sriracha)Side Dishes:- Pork Belly (my favorite, but only included in dinner price AYCE)- Spicy Tuna Rice Cracker (panko-breaded rice topped with spicy tuna, eel sauce, and spicy mayo, also only included in dinner price AYCE)Desserts:- Tempura Ice Cream (it tastes like they use cake batter)- Green Tea Creme Brulee (it's usually only on their board of special desserts)The rolls are really good, and it's really convenient because one menu has pictures of all the rolls, while the other gives descriptions of them.As for the service, they're really good! I never have to usually ask for them, as they're really attentive and come to me as much as they can to check on me.The only downside is that the wait times can get really long. Sometimes I've had to wait over an hour. It is a pretty popular sushi place, and they don't accept reservations. Also, they don't typically seat you until you're entire party has arrived.Overall, I really enjoy this place. I would definitely recommend it.
5	The sushi is amazing! We had all you can eat sushi which totalled 33 per person with tip for dinner. We had up to 4 different kinds of rolls per person with various side dishes and even dessert. Yuzu sherbet was amazing. The pixie, spider and hurricane rod were excellent. Worth the wait!
5	Me and my girlfriend go to this place all the time when we are craving sushi. This is the place to come for AYCE. Everything is good here from the rolls to nigiri and the appetizers. Well where to start the pork belly here is the best tender and savory just right, I always have to order it when i come here, its cooked to perfection. The nigiri selection is good, the fish is fresh tasting and not frozen  and the rice they use is not hard not like other places I've been to. The specials they have are really good the salmon belly is excellent and the Japanese snapper is flawless. If you're craving sushi and you're up for AYCE come to goyemon you won't regret it. Just to let you know they dont take reservations sometimes there is a wait to get seated but the wait is worth it.
5	I think it is a sin not to order AYCE, so this review is only for that portion of the experience.This restaurant is by far the best AYCE sushi place in Las Vegas.The rolls are delicious, and the option to order half-rolls is VERY helpful is you want to try a vast variety of rolls. The servers are usually attentive; however, they can seem a bit surprised if you can eat sushi like you're a human vacuum.I also enjoyed the side dishes. My favorite is probably the pork belly. The dessert is also unlimited (surprise, surprise), and you cannot go wrong with Mochi Ice Cream or the Lychee.However, keep in mind that this restaurant does not take reservations. If you are with a large group, you may have a long wait ahead of you, even on a weekday. If you'd like to make a reservation for AYCE, I recommend Island Sushi in Henderson.
4	Four words!  GREEN.  TEA. CREME. BRULEE.  Another four words...ALL.  YOU.  CAN.  EAT.I've been here a couple times and I was full both time!  I will make some suggestions and give some advise when you visit here:* If you don't want to wait at least an hour you should during their off hours (i.e. lunch or dinner times).  This place isn't very big, just be warned.* They are open late with the last seating at 2AM (yes that's 2 in the morning)* If you have a small group or even just want to try something new, don't be afraid to order half rolls (if you like that type of sushi)* Most of the sushi is all you can eat with the exception of the uni (sea urchin) and the sweet shrimp* Small groups (3 or less) opt for the sushi bar because it maybe first available (i.e. you get seated faster and you get your sushi faster)* Look at the chalkboard near the sushi bar, this has specials and in-season items not found on the menuI tried so many of the rolls I don't remember which ones I had, but I remembered I liked them all.  My mom loves the white tuna here.  You wouldn't expect fish to taste so fresh in Vegas but it does!  You must get the green tea creme brulee!  I will be back soon!  I hope I don't forget my stamp card!
1	By far the WORST customer service ever. A few months ago the hubby dined with a buddy and was asked to leave after they paid their bill and the server collected the 30% tip. We actually boycotted this place but decided to go back because it was close to where we live. We walked into the restaurant sat for 20 minutes waiting for a table during lunch time. Although all the tables were 2 tops and we were 2+ a baby we were never acknowledged. However 2 people walked in and were immediately assisted. When I approached the waitress/hostess she said well you guys are a party of 3. Wow....I actually gotten way better service at fast food restaurants before. Restaurant is decent but I'm not going bother spending my money there with that kind of service.
5	I wanted sushi for lunch and Goyemon was the closest(lucky me). I just had a few rolls since I wasn't extremely hungry but those few rolls were packed with flavor. very clean inside and the staff is very friendly and quick to get you more roll or fill your drinks. I will come back for the AYCE very soon.
5	We were out on a Friday night date...our favorite sushi place was sold so we were looking for a new place...we drove around two three different places and finally ended here..they said it was an hour wait...but we waited..(which we never do) and so glad we did...it only took 40 minutes and the food was great!! Service from Shima was even better!! All orders came fast and delicious!! Will definately come back again...
4	I love sushi! This place has a lot to offer. They are fast with bringing out the orders and are always checking on the table to make sure we are okay and that our empty plates are taken away. I love this place because they have a variety of different rolls for those who like fancy rolls. I also like it because their nigiri is very generous. The slices of fish are very thick and the ratio of fish to rice is extremely fair. The rice sticks out of the fish at most places but not here! It was basically a chunk of fish with a side of rice. Yum. The only reason I rated this place 4/5 stars is because the wait is always super long! My friends and I went during lunch time and the wait was 1.5 hours! I was starving by the time we got seated but I am glad we waited because it was well worth it.
5	Such a yummy place! Service is so AMAZING!!! I have a seafood allergy and they are always remember and keep me safe!!! Food is so good as well! Will always recommend this place to anybody who wants any kind of seafood!!!
5	One of my favorite sushi places! Great all you can eat options - with appetizers & soup - yummy! The fish always tastes fresh and the servers are always nice! Volanco roll, red dragon and sexy girl are a few of the best! If you like spicy rolls, try the 9-1-1 roll - my husband loved it but be prepared with a lot of water, by the look on his face, it was hot!
5	Although it was a long wait. It was worth it because I was able to stuff my face with good food and good company.
4	This was my second visit to Goyemon. My first one was about two years ago and at the time I wasn't too impressed. I was in the mood for AYCE and was in the neighborhood, so I thought I'd try it again. $26.95 for AYCE with a nice sized menu. I got a few orders of Nigiri: cajun albacore, garlic tuna, seared tuna, and super white tuna. All were cut nicely and tasted fresh. I got a few orders of baked mussels and a tuna poki salad. Both of which were great.Probably my favorite thing about Goyemon is they allow AYCE patrons to order half rolls, score! I ordered a half ecstasy, a half pastel and a half calico along with a pixie roll. The pixie roll was my least favorite, it was wrapped in soy paper and the seaweed paper, but the seaweed was too chewy, I had trouble breaking it up. It wasn't like that on the other rolls however. My favorite was the ecstasy roll, I ended up ordering another half of that. Then of course tempura ice cream for dessert.I should note that I wasn't alone, so don't go thinking I put all that away on my own :)I gave it 4 stars due to the space alone, really crowded and it feels like your on top of the tables around you, not for the food. Overall this time the food and the service was great, I will be making many return visits.
5	just got home from a long drive(30 mins) with a full stomach. I'm so glad we decided to eat sushi this late and try out goyemon. It's seriously one of my best AYCE experiences. service was friendly and attentive without being bothersome. ok let's talk food..we started off w/ 2 special rolls, salmon skin hand roll and pork belly. everything was good but that pork belly needs more than just good praises. literally, bites of congealed fatty meat heaven. ugh so good! I love how they do nigiri here and this is how they won me over because this is all I eat. they had specials which were bonito, blue fin, salmon belly and I also frequently ordered fresh scallop, uni, ikura/quail, mackerel, and white tuna. all tasted fresh and the rice2fish proportions were perfect! seriously PERFECT! Lol. I feel bad for all the other sushi places I go to because goyemon is my new sushi gf and she is o so delicious.
3	I had the cucumber salad with shrimp which was very tasty. I also enjoyed the miso soup. I tried the teriyaki chicken roll which was okay, kind of dry actually. I enjoyed the Taylor roll. They do have great lunch specials and all you can eat. Service was alright.
1	I WOULD NOT EVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO EAT HERE!! I'm sorry to say but my fellow Yelpster's were wrong, this place was a joke.  The fact that our waitress only came to our table once to get our drink order and never came back. Had to wave down another waitress to get our food ordered. Once we got our appetizers it was bland n cold, their Nigiri's dry, the rolls were off tasting as if they over cooked the eel sauce & the baked rolls just awful had to return them because it was burnt.  Who serves anything burnt?? Didn't have an appetite for anything they had after that. It was honestly a waste of time & money. Had to eat somewhere else.
4	Grade A place off the strip off Vegas for an all you can eat sushi. Make sure you come hungry and able to eat it all, or be charged for it. Make sure you make reservations cause if not you may be waiting quite a minute because when I was sitting an hour flew by so fast, where did the time go. From raw salmon to rolls, everything was amazing and fresh tasting. When stopping here, make sure you keep a track cause you may lose track and it'll keep coming more and more and you may get more than you can handle unless you got friends to help you. The place looks a bit small with the tables and the setup but it's the right size to make sure everyone gets taking care off and gets the food as soon as it can to you and your party :) If you go time visiting or a local, stop by and see for yourself. (Picture below)
3	I really wanted to like this place. But after having lunch there, I couldn't give them more than 3 stars.When you find a red spoon with miso-soup, that's a very strong, bad sign. No wonder, the bento box came with multiple items that are only offered at non-authentic Japanese restaurants. It looks like they decided to optimize their business to go the fake-but-catchy sushi bar route... Yeah, I can't blame them for pursuing lucrative clientele. It's business. Just that the restaurant is not for me.
1	First impression. Rude service. Waitress took order across table. Waitress also did not take responsibility for order. Said she didn't know since someone else took order. Waitress name Geo. Fish was stringy. Only good thing about this place is price...but then again, I guess you get what you pay for...definitely will not return.
4	Best AYCE sushi place in Vegas at a reasonable price (~$30 dinner) and comes with AYCE dessert. Dessert is always changing but great every time I've tried something new. Service however is never that great every time I've been, but not HORRIBLE. Sit at the bar if possible. Nigiri is at the best size with minimal rice, which is good. Try the Ecstacy roll. ALL. YOU. CAN. EAT. GREEN TEA TEMPURA ICE CREAM!! -small orders so you can eat one for yourself :)
2	I was just finished my review as we were eating but then. While we were eating our desert they already took our payment and as soon as that happened the service went down hill. No one was paying attention to us anymore we tried to order more because we we were not done eating yet but no one was really paying attention to us. It took them another 20 min just to bring out Green tea ice cream. Which in reality how long does it really take to get the green tea ice cream  unless they actually make it themselves. But the other deserts came out in less than a min. They are normally pretty good but this time I was a little embarrassed because we brought our friends telling them that it was a pretty good place. :(
3	Im offering 3 stars because the roll combinations and the fish quality were marginal but the service at the bar sucked. Having sushi should be an experience with your sushi chef and staff. It was not at all. The chefs seemed put out when we placed orders. No engagement at all. Seem awkward. Also, we had dishes piling up a few times and it wasn't busy either.
4	A very popular AYCE place, in a centralized location in town. Owned by the name owner as Sushi Mon and Monta. But in comparison to Sushi Mon, much classier and nicer setting. If you check out the menu, and if you've been to Sushi Mon, you'll recognize how a LOT of the menu is the same as the Sushi Mon menu. This place is great for nigiri and roll lovers. They have a wide variety of normal nigiri as well as daily specials that they post on Facebook as well as the chalkboard inside their restaurant. They periodically even have toro (limit 1 order per person), and sometimes salmon belly (mmmm fatty !) For a wide ranged of sushi eaters, this is the place to go. If any of my friends are in town, and they crave for sushi, this is where i bring them. Appetizers - check out their place mats for their specials (grilled pork belly, seared yellow tail, sashimi salad). Pretty good if you are interested in those things. Grilled pork belly is good but gets boring fast (really fatty xD). Seared yellow tail isnt bad. i think it has a yuzu sauce but they kind of overcook the fish so its a little firm. The sashimi salad is not bad. Decent amount of various chopped fish (salmon, tuna, etc). Nice way to start off the meal ! Not too much of an appetizer person but their mussels are pretty good as well. Nigiri -  their salmon and yellowtail are usually pretty spot on. Their amaebi (sweet shrimp) is usually pretty good, and this place will give you the head (deep fried) upon request with order. Uni (sea urchin) is a hit and miss (like all other places). Always check out their special menu. They sometimes have some rarer fishes on there as well (amberjack, etc) as well as some more peculiar styles like jalapeno masago, etc. Rolls - they have a super wide range of rolls. Traditional maki rolls, to the popular rainbow, spider, or dragon rolls, to the less traditional but very popular mahalo roll (essentially a spam musubi roll), etc. 1/2 rolls are offers for some (not all) rolls. Dessert - this is one of the FEW places that include dessert in the AYCE. More than that, its unlimited. They used to have a wide variety of desserts (green tea cake, green tea creme brulee, etc) but now, they have only ice creams, mochi ice creams, and tempura ice cream. still pretty good ! Overall, great place to go.. Be aware of the time you go. They do get VERY busy and wait times can get ridiculously long (1-2 hours) so if you dont wanna wait, go earlier =] But, they are also open late too ! So you can also wait till after the dinner rush.
5	This place is AMAZING. Not only the best all you can eat sushi place I have ever been to but the best sushi I have ever had..and I have eaten a lot of sushi. All you can eat delicious appetizers, succulent sushi and heavenly dessert. Everything is so fresh and the vibe is really great as well. I always make sure to stop there on every trip to Vegas!
2	The hostess doesn't know how to seat people here.  I came here before when they were pretty busy and the only two seats available were at the bar but not together.  I thought, ok I'll just ask this nice looking person to slide down a seat so I could sit with my husband.  Apparently this is a huge no-no.  The hostess intervened and said that they can't ask anyone to move.  Whatever, we left.  So I came back today with a large group.  Tons of open tables but none together.  You would think since they don't take reservations they would seat their customers appropriately to prepare for a group of five or more (not too uncommon right?). They should really take reservations and seat their customers in a systematic way.
5	Hands down, seriously the BEST AYCE sushi spot in all of Vegas!  Yes, the line can be long and painful, but trust me, it's worth it!  Sashimi, nigiri, robata, and sushi rolls all made to order w/ a great selection of apps and salad to choose from as well.  Food is tasty and the fishes are always the color it should be, they do not serve you stuff that has been sitting out for days.  There is a limit on certain more expensive nigiri items (uni, fresh scallop, amaebi) each person is allowed, but with the great selections Goyemon offers, you will hardly notice the limitation.  Even if you're not a sushi lover, there's still plenty of cooked food options you can choose from so definitely do not be discouraged by this place.  Miso black cod and pork belly are 2 dishes worth trying, along with all their yummy grilled vegetables.  Come after 11pm and you can even indulge in their AYCE ramen from their sister restaurant, Monta.  Be sure to save room for dessert though as they have a great selection to choose from!  They usually rotate their offerings by season, but their green tea creme brulee, green tea cake, and mochi ice cream are almost always available year round.    Service can be hit or miss, but put your name down and have them call you when your table is ready.  If you are renting a car, it's best that you drive here, write down your name, and venture to the other strip malls near by.  If not, taking a cab from the strip is still worth it.  Just be sure you don't come here when you are already starving and hangry, come w/ a light stomach and be prepared to wait at least 30 mins.Happy eating!
3	The food is not bad.  However, their service is super slow and they have time limit for AYCE.  The servers don't come back even if you are done with your plate.  You have to grab their attentions.  And I agree with someone said the chef is kinda rude too.  My friend and I wanted to sushi bar and it was wide open but the chef got angry with us because we didn't sit right next to the customers he already had at the sushi bar.  I would understand it if it was busy but no.  There are so many AYCE places in Las Vegas and I have no doubt that there are better sushi places out there.
1	This WAS my favorite AYCE place which I had been visiting for the last two years, until my last visit where I had the worst customer service experience EVER.My boyfriend and I are well aware of the policy for uni and sweet shrimp (one order per person), which was what we ordered but the chefs gave us a really hard time about it and would only serve us one order. Not only that but they were hispanic chefs and immediately started bad mouthing us in spanish..... unfortunately I speak spanish as well however I'm light skinned enough to pass off as a white girl..... so I understood everything. SO for any of you who are wondering what the chef is saying while they're staring at you while you're seated in front of them at the bar, don't think they're saying sweet things about you. After we did not receive the order, the chefs continued to ignore us while we sat there in front of them. They continued talking and giggling while taking glances at us. The servers eventually came around to fill our drinks as we had nothing left and the server (also hispanic) asked the chef what was wrong or why we looked annoyed. The chef later replied in spanish that it was because we wanted "more food" so I interrupted and in spanish spoke out to them. OF course the chefs at that point turned bright red since they were unaware that I spoke spanish and was listening to them the entire time. Needless to say I was furious. I'm still baffled that someone can talk all this messed up stuff while you sit in front of them. Thanks to this I will never return.
4	I was getting cabin fever at the Mandalay Bay!  Yelp... Take me away.  I saw a picture posted by Mona W that looked so good I decided to give this place a try. AYCE sushi?!?!  WTF?!?!  Nasty... Right?Not here. Not at all. Lin was my sushi chef and he was great. (We were both very quiet, but that's okay since it was pretty crazy all around the place). $21.95 for lunch and $26.95 for dinner. Not bad. It's not Sushi Sushi by any means, but it's pretty good. (Don't want to tarnish my credibility but it was okay. Not great. Sushi should be great, otherwise don't eat it. Just saying).
5	IS THIS PLACE FOR REEEEEEAAAAAAAAALLLLLL?!?!??!?!?!?!?They have a SPECIAL MENU of the DAY?  They have dessert lineup specials as well as usual dessert?!?!?  THey have CURRY?   They have UDON?  WHAT?!HANDS DOWN, the best AYCE place EVER. And even comparing this place to a regular sushi spot, it can RIVAL FOR SURE!  OMG when I had the GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE, I thought I saw the gates of heaven opening up and the light beam coming at me, like I was on my way to some magical place. I saw THE LIGHT. OR something, like that. You get my drift. Yellowtail was good.  I went all-in on sushi nigiri style, and didn't even touch the rolls. That's how you do it right fellas, when you hit up an AYCE spot. Limit that rice and unnecessary carb and veggie fill up. Stick with the raw fish stuff. Price can't be beat. I will be coming back here every time I want sushi. Forget about those normal spots when you got GOYEMON.  BRAVO !!!!!!!
4	Protip: remember that Sushimon on Sahara and Goyemon both use the same punch card! Make sure to get those stamps!My go-to AYCE sushi place! Is it the best? Well, that's subjective. If you're looking for a solid AYCE for the quality and price, this is it. Disclaimer: Keep in mind that all-you-can-eat quality sushi cannot compare to the super fresh level of excellence of SOME, real, authentic sushi places. I wouldn't compare this Kabuto or other ala carte, higher-quality joints. This is strictly based in comparison to other AYCE places.AMBIANCE: Decor is clean, intimate, but without the creepy silent vibes or weird football jerseys on the wall. Low mood lighting, laid-back, and doesn't feel too casual. You don't need to be too dressy either.SEATING: Try getting a seat at the bar! Intimidated on how to order? Make eye contact with the sushi chef facing you even he looks busy, then say what you'd like! Service is definitely hit-or-miss once in a while. This place is popular on the weekends especially during dinnertime. Last time I was here, it was still quite busy on a weekday dinner rush hour. Always expect a wait! A party of 5+ can be very difficult to seat! I believe they don't take reservations over the phone, but I heard this changed according to some other diners. If you're just dining with one other person, it's a lot quicker, especially if you say you don't care if you're seated at a table or the bar.FOOD: I've been here countless times (enough to fill 5 of their stamps cards and a few paycheck's worth!), and the fish has always tasted fresh, crisp. Fish portion is generous. They don't try to load you up on rice unless you're ordering mostly rolls. Love the questionable super white tuna. The ubiquitous, americanized rolls are usually on-point, large, and presented beautifully. My fave is the moon roll!Try ordering half-orders in case you end up disliking a particular roll. This way, you can sample many types of rolls. Too often do I see the people next to me saying they are not eating their rolls because they had too much of it or didn't prefer it. They end up not knowing you can order half! Ex: say "half dragon" or "half" whatever.It varies on who your chef is when it comes to execution. A few times, my roll or nigiri has come out looking like a beauty school drop-out :C sometimes, consistency is an issue when it comes to presentation.VERDICT: Although Goyemon is hyped up, it's really because they try to bring better quality fish to the masses of the AYCE crowd. Service can suffer when it's packed. Last time I was here, our server totally forgot about us sitting in the corner of the bar! When he saw my drink was completely empty, he tried to make it up to us by diligently coming back and checking on us since then.Fun for a date-night spot or a small get-together. A solid experience and hands-down one of my favorite AYCE sushi spots.
5	Whenever I want to get some AYCE sushi, and still keep it fairly "clean" I love going to Goyemon.  They have items on the menu that you can enjoy and still be reasonable while dieting, ie. non-fried/greasy sushi rolls.  My favorite roll is probably the Ecstasy Roll.  If I had to go with a not so healthy roll, I'd go with the Hurricane Roll (shrimp tempura on the inside).  On a lucky day, the daily specials may include Toro, Blue Fin Tuna and Salmon Belly. One of the things that stands out about Goyemon & Sushi Mon, is that their dessert menu is also AYCE.  The only other place that did this was Yama Sushi, but no more.  For that reason, you can't go wrong with Goyemon.  On a busy night, you may find yourself waiting 2 hours.  If it's not too busy, the wait may be 15 minutes.  Either way, bring your appetite!
4	Long wait, Good food, Service was ok over all experience was good. I've been there many times (from day one) Tony is an amazing Sushi Chef that we have followed around. Only draw back of the place is occupancy. Way to popular for such a small establishment. Price is fair for AYCE and portions are proper. I'm not a big fan of rolls but might mix it up once in a while and have one or two. I prefer sticking to the basics. Will be back to review again, next time I hope to give them that extra star!
5	My favorite ayce sushi spot! They have a chain of them all have the same menu, all taste great! This one is just my favorite because it's the one I go to most often. Fish is fresh. Rice ratio is good. They have a great dessert menu. Most of time they are quick. Service is good. This should be your go-to spot!
5	Delicious and affordable which makes me a fan, but service from Gio is the best. Try to ask for him. He's quick and attentive!
3	Food, Meh sushi with plenty of appetizers. The pork brisket is the best to try. Service, Good service in the beginning, but after a while the server stopped coming to us even when I had both of my hands in the air, maybe because I presented 5 pork briskets? ...... If they don't want me to have any more or try to limit people's portions, then state it. Otherwise the food is god for the price.
3	This is my go to AYCE sushi spot to go to in Vegas. There is usually always a wait when you come here so don't come starving in case it takes an hour for you to be seated. The place is not big and they close the party room sometimes so wont use the tables in there making you wait longer than you have to =/What I love about Goyemon is that their fish is usually always fresh. Salmon belly, ikura, and uni are my favorite. Udon is yummy and included in their AYCE menu as well. One of my favorites! Not many AYCE sushi places include udon with their menu so this is a plus for me. For dessert Green Tea Creme Brulee and chocolate moose is yummy!! Also included in their ayce but not listed on the menu so just order it hahaTheir price of $27 a person for AYCE is pretty average here in Vegas. What is pretty ridiculous tho is that it's the same price for kids. Would be nice if they had a half off price for children or something bc I'm pretty sure my 4 year old did not eat $27 worth of food. Then they charged my 6 month old baby $3 to share with me ..I guess smh haha
5	Our favorite AYCE sushi place in town.  Sometimes you get lucky and don't have to suffer the wait, but a lot of times there is a long one.  And if you get super lucky be sure to try the salmon collar!!
1	This place has the worst customer service. I come I'm at 10 pm and ask for a table for 5, since I'm the 1st of my party to arrive they tell me they can't seat me until the rest of my party arrives even though there is 20 seats available in the restaurant.  I finally tell the host my party will be here in 10 minutes.  So he seats me, I ask to order then he says my 60 min ordering time starts when I first order. So he's basically punishing my friends. So I guess it's worth pissing off a customer over 10 minutes. Never coming here again.
5	Delicious. I love that you can get half rolls on most of their AYCE menu and the sushi is BOMB.  The CHUBBY was our favorite roll and I love their salads and pork belly.
3	Even at 10:30 on a Friday night there was a half hour wait. The good parts about this restaurant is that there is the option to order half rolls. I love to try a lot of different items so it's much easier on the stomach to get the smaller portions. :) The had a braised pork belly dish that we ordered three times because it was so delicious. The pork was so tender and it was beautifully charred on the outside with a nice mango chutney of sorts on the side. The udon noodles we got were also really good. Other than that, the sushi was okay, but it was nothing special. I expected a little more for the price.
5	I have to be rolled out of this place after AYCE, because I can never say no to the green tea creme brulee after all the sushi. Great selection of rolls and variety of desserts.The wait is usually 30-40 minutes at any given time of the day, but we like to use that time to take before we stuff ourselves silly. *Will only seat you if your whole party is present
2	Came here for Goyemon's 3rd Anniversary Customer Appreciation event. They required reservations to be made, by request, from a site, that was posted through their facebook (www.mongroupevent.com). Reservations was first come, first serve. The reservation request form was simple to fill out, name, contact info, number of people, times wanted. I was surprised by this because I got no e-mail confirmation or anything. I had called a few days prior, and the girl who picked up a phone, said she had a list on a paper she found, under correct time and # of people, but had no info if it was confirmed. 2 days ago, (monday, i wanted wednesday), is when i received a confirmation text. Upon arrival, our reservation was for 7:30. We arrived around 7pm. I had went in to ask to double-check my reservation. Was all good so went outside to sit and wait. There was another yelper there, Chris V., who had an reservation for 7pm, who was still waiting. Doriee and I were like, okay, they are a little backed up. No worries. She glanced into the restaurant to look at the blackboard, where they usually had their specials written. Toro was no where to be found on the menu. I mean sure, it was not on the original "promised" special items on their site (blue fin tuna, wagyu beef, foie gras), but day before, many have said they had AYCE toro. That got us really excited prior to arrival. By 7:35, i had went inside and asked to see the estimated time on wait before we get a table. She glanced around the dining area and she said there is a table whos paying, and will be leaving soon. Ok ! ... wait a minute ... Chris' reservation is 7pm.... so i went outside and waited. Less than a few minutes late, my name was called. UHHHH !!!??? OK THATS WEIRD.... Later we saw they were seated AFTER us. That's bad on their part. They've been waiting here since before we arrived too.... Just because i went in to ask, i got table faster? SO ANYWAY.....When our waitress came up to us to take our drink order, we had asked what was avail today and if toro was AYCE today. NOPE. Toro is limit 1 per person. Same for the Foie Gras nigiri. Wagyu beef, sea urchin, and blue fin tuna is AYCE. DANG IT ! sad. SAD!. SUPER SAD ! IMO thats a bad management on their part. Why allow AYCE one day, and be super limited the next? In my opinion, to manage better, to allow maybe like, 5 orders per person. That way, each who wants, gets a fair amount, and not be SUPER limited, but not be free to order. Bad call on their part. Also, as they had posted on their FB on 2nd day, items are avail until they run out? Uhm, there's a reason why you had a reservation to begin with. To limit the amount of people you have these two days. Not only did you have AYCE one day and not the other, you allowed walk-in's as well. Though it may have been "Said" that its a 1 hour limit on eating time but it is NOT enforced. People sit around and socialize after the end of their meal. No good ! Control and manage better ! With that, already a bad start. Doriee and my friend are already upset but we decided to stay and eat, since we were there already. Ordered 3 toro, 3 amaebi, 3 foie gras, 5 blue fin, 5 yellow tail, salmon, 3 kobe beef, and a half of a 9-1-1 roll to start. Blue Fin Tuna, was fresh. Each fish piece was actually cut fairly thick. Wagyu Beef Nigiri. First 3 orders. VERY thin and "broken" cuts of meat. Like it ripped open because they sliced too thin. Meat was not tender, as what a high quality meat should be. The "carrot?" topping was a bit weird. Ponzu? sauce used made it weird as well. Was not a good combination at all. poorly executed. Foie Gras Nigiri - topped with, i believe, fried onions?, seared foie gras, and probably an unagi (or similar) sauce? That was weird too. the sauce used covered the taste of the foie gras. You can really taste the foie gras if you ate a straight up piece, untouched with anything but, in combination with the fried onions, sauce, and rice. flavors gone. poor executed as well, in my opinion. Toro Nigiri (fatty tuna) - the most sought after order. considering we were limited to ONE order per person on the SECOND night of their event, we tried our best to "Savor" the pieces. With my experience with toro, it is supposed to be naturally sweet, super fatty and tender, little to no chewing needed. This toro, thinly cut. not as tender and soft. Some chewy bits as well. SAD ! Amaebi Nigiri (Sweet shrimp) - this wasnt bad. granted neither of the people i went wanted to eat it, so i ate all 3 orders. Size of the amaebi was actually fairly large. larger than normal actually. nice and sweet, and gives a nice "bite" texture. fresh. Uni Nigiri (Sea Urchin) - considering their no limit on sea urchin, i had high hopes for this as well. Considering their fast usage, i was expecting fresh and sweet. Nope. little to no sweet taste. okay freshness. Overall experience, meh. Had high hopes for this event, looked forward to it, but was quite the disappoint.
1	This place has HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! Especially the hostess/cashier in the front, the lady has serious attitude problem: if your staff cannot deal with human being in the front, please schedule that person to work BOH, so she/he can provide the best use of his/her labor. We had problem with this lady on 2 different occasions already. Once was on Christmas eve /day, I called ahead of time to see if they were open, and was told they are open till 9PM. So I went there around 5ish, and was told by the lady that they STOP seating already, I understand that you were busy, but the tone and attitude she had was really bad, and rude.Second time was last night, we got there early, again 5ish, SAME person: "sorry we stop seating for today unless you have a reservation", I replied "I thought you guys dont' take reservations?!", she answered "yes, we don't, but it's our 3rd anniversary, so we open for reservations.", I asked her how would the customer know if they can or cannot book reservation, she replied with a VERY rude and unprofessional tone, "well, if you have been to our restaurant for the last few weeks, we have been talking about it.".REALLY?? so you are telling me that if I don't go every week, Im NOT welcome here?!? I work in service industry, I know how important it is to be nice to your customer, even the assholes, I always answer with a smile on the face when Im in front of customers, I also co-own a restaurant, and I know damn right it's NOT the right way to treat the customers. She better be the owner there, otherwise the owner should really consider to get rid of her, she obviously can not be working as the front of the house. There are plenty of sushi houses in town, food there is not bad, but for the last few times I went there, the service had been lacking and some of the service staffs have the attitude of "oh-our-place-is-so-good-and-you-are-SOOOO-lucky-to-eat-here, now-what-the-heck-do-you-want-me-to-bring-you?"I will not be the one that's paying money to take shit from service staffs. NEVER GO THERE AGAIN and I will make sure to tell anyone I know.
4	Sushi house goyemon has been our go to sushi place since it opened.  It's always busy so plan on waiting a while.  Although things have changed a bit since it first opened (no more collar!) it is still a great choice for AYCE sushi.  My one complaint with them is that they are so busy, they can sometimes be rude with service as you are finishing up.  The host once asked us to hurry up with dessert as they were waiting to seat a large party.  No problem, I understand, but we had only been there an hour and we weren't lingering at all.  I know the rules, eat and leave, but this was over the top.  The sushi is always fresh, delicious, and at a great price for what you get so I'll keep coming back.  Our favorite is the salmon belly..practically melts in your mouth.  The big eye tuna was another one of our favorites but I haven't seen it on the menu in a while.  Overall a great place for AYCE sushi with good food at great prices.
1	Visit Goyemon again with my parents. Most of the servers are new. Jessica was our server (name on the check), for the whole 1.5 hours dinning experience, I never see her smile. She even rolled her eyes on us when we were thinking what drinks we would like to order, come on, service sucks!!
4	If you are looking for AYCE Sushi then this is a must. Very reasonable priced around $25-27 I believe. I was turned on to this place by one of my training partners. The rolls are all pretty good and my favorite is probably the super white tuna nigiri (pictured below) I could eat that all day. The only down side I can give it is the size of the restaurant. It is small and more than once I have had 45 mintue wait times. I've never actually waited 45 mins though, maybe closer to about 25-30 minutes and they get you in.  I usually attend with a party of 3-4 people. I imagine if you had a large party you should call in advance and set something up instead of just showing up and having to wait. Customer service is solid for how busy it is. Another good thing is it is open until I believe 2am or 3am with last seating about an hour before close. We always have a good time hanging out at this place. Obvioulsy we also always make sure to get our moneys worth!
5	For the life of me, I don't understand the controversy surrounding this place? But I do know that's what got me there. You know what they say, there is no such thing as bad publicity.  :)A group of eight came in Saturday morning. We were there when it opened, so we were promptly seated. It was $21.95 for all-you-can-eat. The decor was nice, it was clean. Service was a tad slow, but I could understand, since we were in a big group. Onto the food... for $21.95 I can't complain... it was more than adequate. The nigiri was hit and miss, but get this, you can get BLUE FIN tuna! What? Yes. And it's included in the AYCE price. There was also Spanish mackerel and uni. Wow. I've never seen that before. There's also standard Americanized rolls and Japanese appetizers. Again, they were hit and miss. I thought the tuna poke was great. The takoyaki balls perfectly fried, but only had tiny pieces of tako. I tried the natto rolls for the first time and they were true to form, but natto is not for me. In conclusion, if you want a life-changing, sublime, dining experience... go to Bar Masa. If you're a local, looking for a decent sushi-fix, thrown-in with some high quality nigiri cuts... come here.
5	My new favorite AYCE sushi joint in Vegas... Aside from the hour wait lol. Be sure to come and check in a little before starvation mode before you die from waiting outside in the hot parking lot.
5	When I first got here they quoted me about 20 min for a seat, I was seated in 5. Go for the all you can eat and if you can, sit at the bar. Extremely fast service, kind of a team serving effort, which was a little different, but my cup was never empty and my plate was always full with delicious sushi. I will definitely be coming back here on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Was recommended by a friend, and not disappointed! The seared salmon nigiri is amazing, along with the red snapper. The octopus was good, if only it didn't have the seaweed wrap (it makes it a little fishy for my liking). Can't wait to go back and expand my sushi palate.
4	At the time I got my 3rd seaweed salad,  I was going to give this place 5 stars. However, my eyes can always handle more than my stomach. I took off a star because they don't allow you to waste good, meaning that you HAVE TO EAT EVERYTHING you order. So for those that are greedy, please heed my warnings and DO NOT OVER ORDER. Otherwise I feel like the all you can eat option is much better than ordering individual rolls, unless you're watching your figure. If you're craving sushi in Vegas, come here to get your fill.
5	This restaurant is really good! We were greeted and seated right away even though the restaurant was very busy. Food came out in a timely fashion. Sushi was delicious along with tempura and pork curry. I like the fact that even though this restaurant is located off of the strip it has 5 star quality! A hidden gem for he locals.
1	The sushi was alright. The service I received was horrible!!!! I came here on Sunday night and I ran into a group of people very upset due to some issues they had inside and that probably should have been my first indicator to turn around. I walked in and the hostess looked and me didn't greet me and walked off to talk to a table she then came back and still did not acknowledge us I still was too bothered and thought maybe she's just really busy. We finally sat down and had to wait 15min for someone to come over to get our drink order. Once the waiter came over we also gave our food order because we didnt want to wait another 15min and that was the 1 and only time we saw our waiter I had to ask the hostess for the bill. The customer service here is nonexistent and I will never be back. I should have gone to Yama Sushi.
4	The quality of the fish and food is extremely fresh. My only problem with this place is that the waiter would never come by to refill waters or take any extra orders. I had to wave down a busser who I thought would get our waiter for us but ended up taking our order and it took 20 minutes for the items to come and missed one of our orders as well. The restaurant is small so that made me more irritated as to how does a waiter not come and do their job more often? Im just glad they didn't push the time limit disclaimer. Food was great, just step up the service please.
4	One of my favs for sushi in Vegas. Service is fast. Sake selection is delicious. Sushi bar is a plus if you don't want to sit down at a table.
4	AYCE sushi for $27 for dinner is well worth the money. There is a time limit for an hour but that was more than enough time to stuff myself silly with sushi. It took forever for the hostess to seat us as we waited about half an hour to sit at the bar. For dinner, you are limited to one order of uni and sweet shrimp per person. There are so many options for sushi and rolls (you could get half orders). Check out the specials on the chalkboard because those items aren't on the menu. Save room for dessert! The lychee sorbet was my favorite.
5	Love love love sushi Goyemon! My friends and I always do "all you can eat" and we like to sit at the sushi bar. Sushi chefs are doing a really good job. We have been there many times and their fish is always fresh and tasty. Lemon roll is my favorite along with salmon & avocado hand rolls. This place is always packed and they don't except reservations, so my suggestion is to go there, put your name down and come back. It is usually 30-45 mins wait.
5	Lovely AYCE selection! One of the better AYCE places around. Be sure to order everything off the specials chalkboard..Oh and you can order more than one dessert... whhhaaaaaaattttttttt
2	Where did the crowds go?oh a cockroach now I know,this place has gone downhill fast,used to be my favorite
4	Tried this place for the first time tonight.  Will DEFINITELY be back.  The basics that me & my hubby usually get at sushi places (tuna poke, seaweed salad, miso, etc) were very good if not BETTER than their equivalents at the other 5 or so sushi places we've tried here in Vegas. We ate at the bar and our sushi chef (I think his name was Juan, a young Hispanic man) was very attentive, polite and intelligent.  He was taking multiple orders from multiple customers at once and getting them all out quickly and accurately.  Plus, he told us something we've never hear at a sushi place before: that we could add or subtract whatever we want from the rolls on the AYCE menu and he would make them to order.  How awesome is that!And I loved that this place had many rolls with ingredients you don't see every day at the other places in town.  And all the new ones we tried were very tasty.  Oh, and there were some unique items on the dessert menu too which were also delicious!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is that the servers were kind of slow.But we would definitely return for "Juan" and sit at the sushi bar!!!
5	This is one of my favorite sushi places in Las Vegas. And that is saying something because there are A LOT!Great AYCA menu. Lots of options and the food is always fresh. The food comes out really fast so you can order small amounts as you go (Which in my opinion is the best way to eat AYCA)The apps are soooo delicious.. Best steamed gyoza and shumai in town! Their Moon roll and their Caterpillar roll are both fantastic. Plus you can finish it all with tempura ice cream! And Try the green tea brulee. It's really great!
3	Service is the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars.I LOVE Goyemon!! The food here is always on point! Salmon belly is my new winner it just melts in your mouth. I can't say I've had anything I didn't like and my friend even had all you can eat chicken, hahaha.So prior to coming I've been spending a lot of time on yelp and looked up Goyemon's and checked out how could they possibly get bad reviews?! Well last week when I came the hostess with a lack of a smile claimed they were on an hour wait. Looking around and bodies waiting and tables available that hour wait did not add up. But since I've never seen a manager I figured they're gonna let this girl lose their business, and we left. Last night, a party of 8. The server did not smile once and was not having it. Funny because all of us just got off work from SERVING!! On top of it he rarely came to the table to help with our order or even check for satisfaction when one of the girls was missing a few things. I let it be known he sucked and was rude and my girlfriend made a mission to make this guy smile... Sadly only took a sexual innuendo to see those lips smirk.So sad that such a great place for years lets this happen... Especially if there are multiple reviews claiming bad service. Plenty of good servers and I'm sure I know a few!!
1	If you like a ball of rice with a tiny fraction of a slice of fish on top. This is your spot. Used to be good. The business model at many " ayce" restaurants in Vegas, is to offer descent to good sushi, then systematically pull the reigns in on size and quality of sushi. When everyone wises up and flees to the next spot, they will put up a sign that says under new management and start the cycle over again. Just leave and let the restaurant die. Goymon falls in this category.
2	Goyemon used to be our absolute favorite place, we would eat here about 4 times a week since it is also close to home. But in the past few months something happened... The service became bad, the portions smaller (we almost always order ala carte), occasionally the fish is very warm. I keep hoping it will change back to how it once was, perhaps they cannot handle their popularity. Goyemon was great but right now it is a solid 2 - 2.5 stars.
2	My friend and I stopped in for some dinner since the place was highly recommended. The wait for 2 was longer then expected the AC was up so high it was uncomfortably cold to enjoy the atmosphere.  The service was pretty bad, I understand they were busy but no one came to check on us, refill our drinks, or take our order every time we wanted to. I had to flag down someone every time which made me feel uncomfortable. The food was very dry, had no flavor, the portions of the salads and appetizers were tiny like in sauce dishes. I won't recommend it and actually even at the end of our dinner my friend and I said at the same time that we definitely won't be coming back again.
3	I was craving late night sushi a few months ago and hopped on yelp to hopefully find a place.and this is how I tried this spot. Walked in and was surprised this place was so busy but was excited since that usually means its good. I was by myself so I sat at the bar. I was greeted by 3 very friendly sushi chefs. This is the reason I keep coming back. The sushi chefs are always inviting and will help you with any questions you have!they are awesome! The sushi quality is pretty good as well!always super fresh tasting and so much variety!now for the reasons I give only 3 stars. the first time I dined there, I was charge $2.75 for soda WATER....that's just tap water with bubbles.never in my 12 years of being in the service industry have I ever Been charged or charged a Customer for tap water with some C02. When I asked the manager he had no explanation for me and said "yeah it's just like that and there's a charged for it." Now if I was the manager of a nice sushi Resturant I would respond with "yes ma'm there is a charge for water with bubbles here but since it's your first time and you didn't know I would be happy to make an exception and remove it off your bill this time" whatever dude my bellys fool of delicious sushi. and I'm not in the mood to end my night poorly over some bubbles.....I'll just order regular tap next time....last thing is I've been to this place at least 4 times now and only last night was I asked if I had an AYCE stamp card....ummm no I don't because I was never asked in the first place....the servers need to communicate with eachother more and I think the manager needs some tips on hospitality.....
5	I haven't tried all AYCE sushi restaurants in Vegas but I've experienced some pretty bad to mediocre ones. With that, I'm pretty confident that my opinion of Sushi House Goyemon being one of the best AYCE sushi in Vegas holds water. I like my sushi simple, fresh and nigiri-style. Not really big on sauced-up rolls (which they also serve). Because of Goyemon, why would I go and overspend at places like Blue Ribbon Sushi? Most of the fish that comes to Vegas is frozen, right? They also claimed one night that their uni was from Santa Barbara. One order of uni per person for AYCE is still a steal!The service is a bit slower than some local AYCE restaurants and the wait time can be ridiculous if you're there at peak dinner hours. But I take busy as a good sign that people are recognizing something special in Goyemon. They also offer other delectable fare like grilled pork belly and desserts you should definitely make room for. There are the cutest tiny servings of green tea creme brulee and chocolate mousse you must try, also part of AYCE. Make sure to check their board for the specials of the day. And don't forget to get your stamp card if you're planning on becoming a regular.
5	Fresh sushi!!!!!!  the only bad things is the size and wait of this place. Come hungry . Nom nom nom nom
4	I am glad we read the reviews on this place and chose it over the other place nearby. They were spot on. the ayce sushi was great. lots of specialty rolls and selection. the service was fast and fresh and they even have a stamp program for those who are locals and come by often. we were only in town for the weekend and craving sushi and this hit the spot. the only downgrade was the miso soup and salad just a little bland for my taste. would recommend this spot to others.
4	I really liked the really fast service! The small portions were great! I really liked that since most people at other AYCE sushi places load up there rolls with a crazy amounts of rice in it the meal is hard to enjoy. I dont feel as if they do that here. The service was awesome and so was the sushi. The only thing I did not like was the salad and the dressing.
5	Love this place!  Used to go to Sushimon on Silverado and Maryland.  But since they opened this location. This is my go to place for AYCE! They have good quality food.  AYCE pretty much everything.  Even the desserts are all you can eat.  Tempura ice cream, mochi, green tea creme brulee.  Yum!  My boyfriend is from Long Beach, and everytime he comes to town, he has to come here for sushi.  The staff is great!  Hiro, Geo, and Ivan are always so accommodating, they know exactly what I like and the service is always fast.  Food is so good.  Sushi is fresh.  They have daily specials, different types of nigiri.  They have ramen served after 11pm, but the Udon is good too!  Always consistent!  That's what I love about this place.  Love love this place!  They have a stamp card, buy 10, get one meal free!Love me some Goyemon!
4	Everything was pretty good. Garlic tuna tasted like Garlic had nothing to do with it. Our server was good. Heard a couple bad stories about a rude server there, whatever. The hostess was ok.
1	I walked in and the workers walked past me and never greeted our party. I had to finally ask to get help. Then I find out the all you can eat is limited to one hr. Not worth my time.
1	This place was highly recommended but my party of 3 immediately walked out  - lack of customer service, no greeting. The servers at the podium didn't take the time, so we didn't want to either. Total turn off in my book. I like to think I am pretty patient but perhaps working for a 5 star resort/restaurant made me a "snob". Oh well...Decided to get sushi elsewhere. Oyshi greeted us the moment we walked in!
3	We arrived around 9:30-10pm. We were seated promptly and our server was good. She took our order and got our drinks quickly. We started with garlic tuna, cajun albacore,  sweet ebi, and the tamago. The garlic tuna could have used more garlic as I thought the garlic was lacking. The cajun albacore was good. Tasted like some seasoning I had in my spice cabinet but good. The sweet ebi was also good. The tamago could be alot better, seemed as though the egg had been folded over each other to make the shape instead of being prepared that way to begin with.  We then moved on and had the orion, domingo, and the tiger rolls. The orion was good the cajun albacore made that roll spicy yet very tolerable, the domigo had to be my favorite.  The salsa that it was topped with was awesome and was a different twist from what ive had in the past. The tiger was ok. Nothing to crazy.  We then had the crispy rice, lasagna, and the spider rolls.  The spider roll was good. The soy paper was soft and the crab crunchy, very good! The crispy rice and lasagna was no spot light and was very heavy rolls with mayo, eel sauce, that just made the rolls not so appealing.  Overall place was a good time, decent food, and good service.
4	I love hamachi! And as much as I ate tonight would have been far more expensive than the all u can eat price. I sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were great! My favorite was Ivan he was the only one to bother to make small talk. My server wasn't the best *shrug* I didn't let him ruin the entire experience. I'll definitely be back
1	No customer service at all.Service is really bad. I will never go there anymore waste my time n money.
1	Service here sucks ass. Don't go in a party of two. They will completely ignore you. Rice cracker was a little too harsh on the teeth. Grilled pork belly totally awesome. Food lags.Service sucks. Been waiting for someone to notice us for about 30 minutes.Don't even bother coming.
4	One of the best sushi places in town, the sushi is always fresh and they have a wide variety of specialty rolls. Parking is plentiful but it gets packed quickly here, even at first opening in the morning the place usually gets filled. Atmosphere is modern and clean and their prices are decent. Ayce lunch is about 22 and dinner is $27, service is usually always good as well despite being busy.
3	Sushi was average, nothing extraordinary. As far as freshness, it was. Selection was not as large as se of the other sushi places I've been to. Overall, it's a decent place just nothing that was over the top. Forgettable.
4	This is still one of my favorites, we go quite often after work. The pork belly and scallops are my favorite. We Love the ramen and creme brulee as well . It's a great place to go after a busy night at work, I run into many people here too in the industry.
5	I love this sushi place. The staff is always nice (with a few exceptions) and the fish is the best quality. If it's just two of you I would say to do the bar, the bar chefs are so funny to just hang out and talk to. Be warned though of you go  after 7:30 on any night there's a good 25-40 min wait
5	Have to say , visited a lot of AYCE places before but this one beats them all. 5 stars all the way for me! Try the "lasagna" roll or if you go for dinner, the stuff from the grill(super white tuna & Cajun salmon) is delicious! Also don't forget to get an AYCE stamp card , after 10 visits the 11th is free!
4	The service was great, atmosphere was comfortable, and the sushi was very good.
4	Grabbed dinner here the other night and we had a great experience. We got the all you can eat (AYCE) option and loved it. The atmosphere was nice and the staff was extremely friendly. The chefs did an excellent job preparing the food and they kept it coming pretty quickly. We tried out a lot of the sushi rolls and didn't have any that we wouldn't eat again. You can even make up and order your own rolls here which gives you a lot more options. The calamari app was excellent as well. Overall I would highly recommend this sushi place to anyone looking for a new sushi spot. We will be going back often. Enjoy
4	On my Vegas trip, my friend recommended to try this place out. All you can eat sushi?!! who can turn that down?  Took a taxi here since it was off the Strip, about 5-10 mins. Went on Mother's Day weekend and there was an hour long wait, not surprised.  The place is small and could be bigger but it is a really nice comfy intimate restaurant.Sushi was really good, I personally recommend J.J, Pete's, Tiger Eye and the green tea ice cream!  Lunch was around $22 bucks, not too bad for all you can eat.Will definitely come back during my next Vegas trip.
3	When I first moved to Vegas, my family and I constantly went to Sushi-mon. Then when we moved away, Goyemon opened so whenever I visited Vegas, I always had to go to Goyemon. It was amazing. It was probably my favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas. The sushi was yummy, they always have some type of specials on the board, and they have other things on the menu for non-sushi eaters. So if you were to come with a huge group of people, you can get a mix of things. One of my FAVORITE items from Goyemon has to be the salmon belly! It is delicious, fatty, and never a disappointment whenever I get it. So why, in heaven's name, did I give it 3 stars? Well ... let me tell you a story.Goyemon had their 3rd Anniversary Customer Appreciation event and it was supposed to last 2 days. They had a list of special items for those days, which included blue fin and toro. With that, they offered the ability for you to make reservations. My friends and I decided to make a reservation for the 2nd day of the event since the 1st day of the event didn't work out with our schedules. The excitement built up even more after we found out that on the first day of the event, they did AYCE toro and AYCE uni! OMG! Like, I can't even WAIT. So when we went in for our reservation, my excitement turns a little bit sour. Why? Well, we had our reservation for 7:30 pm. We get there a little bit early but we have to wait for a table. I'm sorry .. I thought I had a reservation. So what we find out is .. they are still accepting walk ins and because they're typically a walk in restaurant, they don't quite grasp the reservation concept down that well. We actually didn't get seated until maybe at 8 PM.And then they tell us that there is no AYCE toro tonight, only AYCE uni and waygu beef. Well, gee, thanks. What's the point of having a reservation then? Why would you give AYCE toro one night and not the other night? I wanted to flip multiple tables but since we waited for the table, sat down, and were ready to order, we just stayed. So my experience from that is just really really sour. So I learned to just walk in on the days they have yummy specials. That way, I won't be missing out REGARDLESS of what they say. So Goyemon gets an average from me. I still like them and will continue to go to them for AYCE sushi. Service can be slow sometimes though and the servers will look at you funny when you order 20 orders of one thing. Oh and LOVE their yuzu sorbet (:
4	It was hot outside, but cool inside. We went for an AYCE lunch and enjoyed every bite. The service was fast and friendly. This is no non-sense eating establishment. Most of the clientele with the exception of yours truly were locals. The experience was good, presentation of the food was nice and everything was fresh. We will be back. I have the feeling that if you go for dinner you better plan on waiting cause this place is a local favorite.
3	My sister, who is a bigger foodie but doesn't write, lives out here and was the food and beverage manager for Ritz Carlton in D.C. so she knows her stuff. I recommended this place considering the # of reviews and 4 stars on Yelp. However, although I didn't try the food, I wanted to leave this dirty smelling joint asap. The place smelled like old fish, was dark, loud, and very crowded. Because I was so hungry, we left and went to her usual spot Umiya. Considering these places are all you can eat raw sushi joints, I'd rather be a bit more picky and eat at a more cleaner establishment. Even if it was the late lunch hour rush, the establishment should be clean and not smell like the kitchen if they're serving raw fish (my pet peeve). Dahmmit...I feel terrible for writing a bad review about this joint, but Umiya was just that much better and even a few bucks cheaper with the free drinks.
1	Used to be the best AYCE sushi In town but I won't refer anyone here anymore. Service obviously sucks (or I should say getting worse? The server here never smiled) and food quality is getting worse. They don't even care how to roll rice anymore. Oh yeah, the server was trying to charge me for rice I left on the plate....I understand the rule but come on, your rice sucks and bigger than the sushi...trust me, I did my best and no bitch I'm not paying for the leftover. Lychee sorbet is good tho lol
3	I'm usually a regular here but I have noticed that the service has been slipping now that they are getting more popular. Food is good like it always is but it took a really long time to come out. Our server also didn't seem like he cared to be there. We had to try to get workers attention when we needed refills, wanted to order more, get the check, and to even have our payment taken. Pretty much everything that a server is supposed to do for us. Disappointed because we come here a lot. Now thinking that we need to find another spot.
1	This is my favorite spot for AYCE but today I am very disappointed.  Found HAIR in my food TWICE today. This is not acceptable. Plus customer service is wack today as well. I showed the waitress hair I found TWICE so she knew about it then she jokingly asked me "is everything okay? No more hair?" WTF kind of a joke is that? Ugh.
5	AYCE Sushi!  Let's do it! I'm probably still considered a newbie when it comes to sushi determining what is good and what is great.  From a newbie standpoint, this is great! We met up with some friends to dine on their delicious creations.  Since it was AYCE, I was going to take full advantage and try a variety off the menu. It was busy but there were open seats at the bar for immediate seating.  When you sit there, the waitress will handle sides and drinks.  All you have to do it tell the sushi chef's what you'd like. It was pretty great!  They were so quick on our orders and just fun watching them. I ordered half rolls of the Baked 428, Pete's, Sexy Girl and Frying Jason. The 428 is baked with grilled chicken spread with yum yum sauce, cream cheese, eel sauce and spicy sauce.  Love Love Love this!  I would have been happy with just ordering this.  Can't stop there! Pete's is deep fried sushi with white fish, crab, cream cheese, avocado and eel sauce.  The light texture enveloping this masterpiece from being deep fried made me fall in love with this roll.   Sexy Girl was filled with shrimp tempura, crab and cucumber.  It was then topped with tempura crumb and a spicy garlic sauce which made it totally SEXY! Frying Jason is a baked roll filled with crab, cream cheese, asparagus and avocado topped with spicy yum yum sauce.  Yum Yum indeed!!  I absolutely loved everything I ordered.  I am definitely a fan and will tell anyone who is in the mood for sushi to go here.  Fabulous friends + Fabulous food = Happiness!Yelp Challenge 2014 (150/365)
5	Me and the wifey met up with Bethany E and her hubby Mike for lunch on a Sunday just right after they opened which was 12 pm. Already the place was packed and we were told that the wait was an hour. So we were given the option to sit at the bar. I thought it was better way for we got superb service in getting our rolls because the chefs were literally right in front of us.We opted for the AYCE ($21.95) lunch option which was from 11:45 am to 6 pm. According to the menu, you had 45 minutes to alotted time to do the AYCE which didnt make sense because we were there for at least an hour.What is good to mention is that most of the rolls you can get you have the option of getting a half (4 pieces) or full (8 pieces) roll. I strongly recommend that you get the half rolls so that you have more chances of trying more rolls. Some rolls are only available as a full (refer to menu for they clearly state which ones are not available for half orders). As for what I ordered. Man, I will only tell the names but not describe them because this review would go on forever! That's what's good about doing the ayce option because you can try just about everything!What I got for starters were the Garlic Edamame, Fried Calamari, Ahi Poke, and Shrimp Tempura. Then, we got half orders of the Taylor Roll, Sexy Girl, and Frying Jason, Then full rolls only for the Spider Roll and Pixie Roll. We also tried one order (2 pieces) of the Seared Ahi. Lastly, we finished it up with 2 pieces of Strawberry Mochi.Originally, we wanted a table so we can all hang out much more comfortably while we ate, but after sitting at the bar, I think we got our orders much faster for the chefs actually hand you your order instead of your server grabbing it and bringing it out to your table. If you are at the bar, the servers are mainly there to get your drinks, appetizers, and dessert. Overall, I think that this will be the measuring stick to other sushi places that I will be trying out. The only negative thing that might deserve a mention is the wait time. But after eating here, I can understand why it can be a long wait for they serve good stuff  and the overall size of the place is not that big. Shout outs to Bethany E and her hubby Mike for inviting us to lunch! You guys are awesome!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #135 "Go Go Goyemon!"
5	The bf and I always come here during lunch (while my son is in school) and occasionally for dinner. We love this place. The server know us as regulars. I would say this place is hands down, best AYCE sushi joint. They do half order for rolls, they don't limit the desserts, and the service is great!
4	Really decent all you can eat. Lunch is for $21 and you can get half portions on most rolls so you can try a bunch of things. I've been here 2 times and service was good the first time, but the second time, we were a little concerned because the quote is 45 minutes but the service was dragging and we were thinking they would cut us off directly at time. I do appreciate how not ever roll is covered in sauce. Even though some rolls were overly complicated, the fish was able to speak for itself in most instances.
5	Came back again, as always and actually had the same server who definitely upped his game! Must've had a bad day, way to go Goyemon... :]Happy Panda
3	Came in for lunch on a hot weekday. I'm not a big fan of AYCE sushi but Sushi House Goyemon also offers lunch specials. Parking was easy to locate. I arrived after the lunch hour began and the place was near capacity for lunch.I opted for the lunch sashimi special which was reasonably priced and included miso soup, rice and salad. The quality of sashimi was unfortunately A-ok with the exception of the salmon which was the tastiest and ended my meal with a generous portion of green tea ice cream. Another con was the spotty service - I had to flag down the waitress for assistance and also request dessert! Not sure if they were having a off day here but I probably wouldn't return here again.
5	Food is great and I love the all you can eat deal!!! Excellent quality for a good price!!!
4	AYCE option is a no brainer, the choices are amazing and they bring the food quick, no waiting around here. There were so many great dishes, I'll try to list it from memory:salmonalbacoreyellowtailsurf clamsalmon skin handrollebiunifried shrimp headspork bellyI'm sure I missed a lot of items, but these are the ones that standout the most. Gotta order the fried shrimp heads & pork belly, absolutely fantastic.
2	AYCE Lunch: 11:45am - 4pm $21.95 per person (time limit 45 minutes) note: uni and ama ebi not available.AYCE Dinner: 4pm - 3am $26.95 per person (time limit 60 minutes).We ordered 2 adult AYCE lunches. Lunch Total With a coke and Tax: $49.35 (not including tip).Taste: 3 stars - They are only on the radar by a mere passing grade. Nothing was memorable or great. Everything was either average or not good at all. Even in the beginning of our lunch, we refused to eat one of the rolls we ordered, since it tasted like chemicals and left a foul aftertaste in our mouth. The fish to rice ratio was less than average - the fish cuts were short and thin with a dense ball of rice. In the world of AYCE, Sakana wins the match - they offer a waaaaay better fish to rice ratio, better selection, and more explosive flavors. The good:1. Salmon nigiri - slim cuts of salmon, but it will do. The fish tasted sweet and fresh. 2. Halibut nigiri - it wasn't bad, the fish tasted fresh and had a nice texture3. Yellowtail nigiri - also a sweet and fresh tasting fish4. Magma roll (half roll/ 4pcs) - we enjoyed this roll. It was simple, but all of the flavors and the texture went together nicely. 5. Miso Soup - we loved how it came out piping hot. It wasn't too salty which is a plus in my book. 6. Lemon roll (half roll/ 4pcs) - it was simple, light and refreshing. Be careful with the lemon slices, some of them were sliced too thick and left a overwhelmingly bitter taste. You might need to just squeeze the lemon.7. Green tea ice cream - very creamy and had a light green tea flavor. We loved how it wasn't overly sweet. 8. The stamp card- I love the idea, it might be the only thing that could bring me back. The bad: 1. Tuna poke - only 4 small bits of tuna cubes! it was really bad. I only tasted salty soy sauce and nothing else. 2. Baked green mussels (2 pcs) - it's just a lot of sweet mayo, nothing special 3. Takoyaki - it's all dough! There was a tiny dot of octopus in each one. 4. Sunshine/Or sunrise roll? It was horrible! The sauce they used tasted like chemicals and left a foul aftertaste. We couldn't eat it. My boyfriend felt sick after he ate that roll.5. Strawberry mochi - they used some knock off mochi brand and it tasted like fake bubblegum. It wasn't good.Value: 3 stars - It's a little less than average. It's a lot pricier compared to Naka Sushi. The fish was fresh, but definitely thin baby cuts or not consistent. Also their AYCE menu selection is noticeably smaller than that of other places. It seems like they focus on rolls here. Their side dishes (appetizer) selection is very slim and basic compared to Naka Sushi or Sakana's selection. Service: 2 stars - The hostess was very cheerful and energetic. However, our waitress seemed like she was over her job and like she was dragging her feet. She seemed annoyed that we wanted to order more food. Many times she would disappear into the back and we would not see anyone on the floor for a while. On a good note, it didn't seem like we were on a timer at all for the 45 minute lunch and we didn't feel pressured. Would we eat here again? I doubt it. Only if we're in the immediate area and wanted a later lunch that ends at 4pm. Other than that, we preferred Naka sushi's value and selection and my personal favorite Sakana takes the crown in selection, flavor, and quality!
3	This is the place for you if you want a bunch of zombies and depressed people serving you food.  Seriously, the sushi chefs are so miserable.  They don't smile, they don't acknowledge that they've heard your order either.  It used to be fun sitting at the bar, but now it's so depressing.  Sitting at a table is a terrible idea too since service is so slow and the servers screw up your order all the time.  We've been frequenting Goyemon for years and it has progressively gone down hill.  I feel it's finally time to say something. The freshness of the food has stayed relatively consistent.  One thing I must mention, and there is probably a direct correlation to the sushi chefs, is the quality of the rolls.  They look like a 2 year old made them.  Sloppy, ingredients falling out, rolls falling apart.  I can't even pick up a roll without it falling apart.  Sometimes way too much sauce and sometimes no sauce at all.  This situation is not just a one time "off day".  It's been at least three times.   Mayhaps it's time for you to find a different AYCE sushi place.  Unless mgmt does something about this issue.  We've been to JJanga to get our AYCE fix recently and not only is it fresh, but everybody is so nice and the rolls actually look and taste like a sushi chef made them instead of a 2 year old.
5	a coworker recommended this place, thank you. What a fantastic place. I probably spent this much easy at the sushi places in Ohio and had much less. I will be back and bring any friends that visit who enjoy sushi.
5	This place really doesn't need another 5-star review... I think you get the hint. Starting off with the good stuff, what to order:-UNI!!!! -Garlic Edamame to whet the palate -seaweed salad (I mean, don't you get this pretty much everywhere you go?)-Cajun Albacore-Garlic Tuna-Yum Yum Scallop-Yebisu Roll (super light & fresh) -Ecstasy Roll-No Name Roll -OID Roll-Sexy Girl -Hurricane-Athena -Stacy-Rock n Roll-Green Tea Creme BruleeYou can order half rolls here, I would advise that you do so. Food comes out SUPER quick, I felt like we had half of our rolls on the table before we even finished giving them the order!Place is always slammed, so be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes. A bit nicer atmosphere-wise than most sushi places I've visited in Vegas, so that's great!Honestly, my favorite sushi spot in Vegas! GET IT.
3	AYCE sushi,I am a big fan of  AYCE  Sushi and have tried all of the AYCE in Vegas.....I had high hopes for this place, my friends rave about it, but its okay....Pros:   Kool little sushi place, atmophere is kool, alot of young people, good service staff, there rolls are good.....The bad: They have no japanese staff (which may indicate lack of authentic sushi) There nigiri is cut in a weird unprofessional way, the fish is not always fresh, there wasibi is not always fresh, there ginger is not always fresh......freshness is a problemIf they fix the above this place could be a 4 or 5 star....Fish freshness is a problem....There miso sucks.....there rolls are good....Kaya is still king, until I try Umiya.....but thats not saying much...I'm thinking of switiching back to just eating sushi vs AYCE...
5	This place is a true unexpected gem in Las Vegas. We were in the mood for sushi but didn't want to go to a high-priced place on The Strip so we found ourselves here. Upon arriving in the strip mall parking lot, the place is very unassuming, even dive-ish from the outside. The inside is actually quite nicely decorated in a simple yet well-appointed Japanese style. Now on to the good stuff...We ordered the All You Can Eat Lunch for $26.95/ pp. You really can't go wrong here. Order from the whole menu and the only restriction is the time limit of 45 minutes. Between the 2 of us we ordered 7 different rolls, soup, edamame, soft drinks and dessert - all included. I was stuffed when we left, to say the least!! For the quality and selection of the sushi this is an amazing deal!!! Although everything we had was delicious, the stand outs were the Spider, Orion, and Tiger rolls. When I'm in Las Vegas again in the future, this will be on my places to visit again.
5	Goyemon, hands down the best AYCE sushi ever!Prepare yourself... the waits long, but its worth it!They have daily specials on the chalk board. It gets cramped when you're waiting but otherwise, being a sushi snob this is the only place I like to go to when I want AYCE.Their side dishes aside from their sushi are pretty yummy. If you're into that kinda weird food stuff, NATTO CUT ROLL!! But my favorite specials have to be salmon belly and conch without the sauce... MMM thinking about it makes me want sushi now!
4	Sushi House Goyemon.....oh how i love that i found you.This place is a true gem..and for the very first time; i experienced locals.You know what they say.. if a place is packed with locals.. then it must be really good.AYCE Sushi --could be a hit or miss.. but this place is for sure a real hit.The place is Completely OFF the strip. Like..it's a $20 worth cab ride from the Trump..and a $15 worth cab ride back to the Excalibur...So... if you have a car.. Definitely worth it to drive to this place for the cheap deal for AYCE but if you are...say two people sharing a cab.. then might as well splurge your money at the strip (not the taxi cab fare). get what am sayin?Anyway... The fish is fresh.. all the rawness goodness is legit.Loved the small tapas plates..But i especially loved the hamachi and the salmon sashimi. the Salmon Belly was out of this world good as well.Their special of the day was the Uni. Not sure i liked that.. it had an aftertaste that's not present in really good Unis i've had before...We got our money's worth for everything.. including our cab fare.Fast and Great service. No wait.
5	Great place for all you can eat sushi. Call ahead and ask for the wait time. This place gets packed very quick !!!!!
5	Sushi was awesome!! Interesting enough it was like sushimon which I also love. Awesome cajon albacore tuna. And 911 roll was actually spicy!!! Recommend you go for the all you can eat and enjoy a lot of the menu.
5	Jessie B. and I had decided to go to lunch by where she worked. When she suggested sushi I was all in. Goyemon was so much fun. We ended up snagging the last two seats at the sushi bar. (Score) They even have convenient purse hooks under the bar. We both ordered the AYCE lunch ($21.95). They have a huge menu. Jessie luckily had been her before so she ordered some of her favs and I picked some that sounded tasty to me. I really enjoyed the fact you could order half rolls. It really gives you an opportunity to try lots of different rolls. Some of my favorites were the Sexy Girl, Lemon Roll, Pixie Roll and the scallops. I could go on forever, 'cause the truth is everything was good. The chefs and staff were very attentive and never let my water glass get empty. They also thanked us several times for coming in. I can not wait to go back again. I've been dreaming about it ever since! Mmmmm Goyemon!
5	Best All you can eat in Vegas! If you haven't tried it you should. Usually go to Oyshi quality is not that good anymore. This place is great nice clean and friendly!
2	Most of the food was good, but overall experience got the 2 stars. To start waitress was very unfriendly, barely even cracked a smile. My friend had a hair rolled up in her roll so when they cut it there was a piece of hair in every section, yuck! When we finished our all you can eat we had maybe 3-4 pieces left in a group of 6 and they said we had to eat the rest or we would be charged for each plate. Then after we ate we were promptly kicked out due to a time frame, ahhh, there are six of us, not everyone shovels food down their mouth. Would never return again.
5	Best AYCE sushi in town! Also, the lunch price you can order everything that's available for dinner.. The only thing is you have 45 mins instead of 1 hr!
5	Loved this place.  Visiting from out of town, and this was recommended.  Highly suggest sitting at the counter, especially if you can sit with Ivan.  He's awesome...makes suggestions and gets creative based on your preferences.  Definitely will be back!
5	I have to admit that I only had 2 real meals this weekend because of EDC, but I was glad Goyemon was one of them. My friend from Vegas strongly recommended forme to try this place before heading back to LA. We came in at around 5pm (group of 5) on a Monday night and the wait was around 20 minutes (not too bad compared to the other reviews). The restaurant was pretty small, but the service was relatively quick and accommodating. There's an hour limit on AYCE dinner. We went on an order rampage immediately, focusing mostly on the nigiri. The rice:fish ratio was a bit off for me (too much rice) but it wasn't too overwhelming.Onto the fish. I personally ordered a sashimi salad, which was delicious and refreshing. For the nigiri, I tried the tuna, salmon belly (GREAT), octopus, uni (limit 1 order/person), sweet shrimp (GOOD; limit 1 order/person), yellowtail (YES), super white tuna, snow crab hand roll (too much rice), scallops and unagi (always my favorite). The fish was fresh and I felt like I definitely got my money's worth (turned out to be around $32/person). There were a lot of special rolls that looked great as well. My friends liked the rainbow roll, but not the spider roll. They also enjoyed the salmon, salmon belly, uni, sweet shrimp, sashimi salad, edamame (garlic buttered) and miso group. Goyemon offers a bunch of dessert, ranging from green tea or red bean ice cream to vanilla or strawberry mochi. I thought it was nothing special, but was pleasantly surprised by the numerous options.All in all, for the same price, I prefer this over a Vegas buffet any day. The AYCE option for lunch looks a lot more worth it in comparison to dinner, so I'll probably be back for that if I'm ever in the area!
1	what is wrong with the server here name:MARIA. our server was okay. she got busy so we didn't get anything or nobody would come near to our table. literally nobody would look at our table. so my bf looked to see anybody could get the order for us. so he raised his hand. MARIA was taking care of the next table of 6ppl. she came between the table and was taking order from the big party. so she saw my bf raising his hand. so she said "ill get your order" and SHOOK HER HEAD when she said it, face expressions 'annoyed'.  what the hell? she can do that at the back but doing that shit in front was super rude. We both saw it and at first i thought i saw it wrong . but yes, my bf saw it too. BOSS at Goyemon should read this. I worked as a server for couple years and i understand customers can get annoyed but u dont want to express that in front of the customers!!!!!! isnt that obvious?  thats so rude!!! I did not tip anything. Its my first time ever do that. I feel sorry for the other servers but they should know the reasons too. MARIA, put yourself in my shoes and u should know how furious we are right now.
5	AYCE is the way to go! Excellent sushi. The fish is so fresh and everything is portioned right. gives you the chance to try many different dishes. I can compare this place to many high end sushi restaurants but for half the price! I have finally found my vegas sushi joint!
5	The all you can eat menu has a great selection of sushi, nigiri, appetizers and dessert. Our server was very attentive and continuously brought out everything we asked for. The sushi and nigiri were very fresh and for dessert we had the mochi and green tea creme brulee which were also delicious. We had a table of 8 people. We had a reservation and were started within 10 minutes.
4	Went to goyemon with a large party for a birthday 20+people. They don't take reservations but were able to save 2 separate large tables for us. The all-you-can eat price is relatively cheap so it was busy all night even on a Tuesdays night. We choose to order a la carte because the AYCE menu is basically all rolls with assorted appetizers. The sashimi wasn't the best quality but it's understandable giving the super cheap AYCE price. All the cooked foot was good. Beef cutlet, katsu curry, hamachi Kama,etc. Our total bill was $70 for 2 adults and 2 kids. Definitely worth the price. There was a wait all night so be prepared to wait for a table. It was also hot in the restaurant and our whole was sweating so that took away from the dining experience
3	Came in. Waiter was alright. Gave me a stair like I didn't know what I was doing. He gave mediocre service. I'm full
4	In our opinion, the food is pretty good but it lacks creativity. Very few options on the appetizer menu (tuna poki is not that good), rolls are kind of blend too. We come here when we are in the mood for nigiri which are very very decent.
4	Another one of the best sushi places for all you can eat. I want to say I enjoy the rolls more than Sushi Kaya's however the service when I went here was incredibly slow and there were portions of the restaurant that it seems no server was even attending to.
4	AYCE is always a must with my group of friends when they come to Vegas. Everything they do here is out of control. Excessive gambling, drinking, and partying. To finish off the weekend, there is also a need for excessive eating since they didn't get much nutrition in their bodies all weekend.Food:$26.95 for All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Dinner. This is probably one of the best AYCE sushi spots that I've tried. The nigiri portions come out small, which isn't much of a problem since it's AYCE! The menu is really extensive. There are plenty of options including the kitchen items. The only items they limit per person is the uni and the ama ebi (Sweet shrimp)Dessert:It even includes AYCE dessert: Green tea ice cream, lychee sorbet (AMAZING), tempura vanilla ice cream. They also have green tea creme brulee, but they limit it to one order per person.Service:Wow the staff here are quick! I came with a group of 9 and they brought out everything with alarming speed. I guess it's expected because they only gave us a 1 hour time limit on the AYCE.
1	I heard the service was bad but food is not half bad.. Understatement the service is Horrendous. Not kid friendly what so ever. Let's just say we ended up leaving before we could even order food, my 3 year old daughter was so upset and hungry. When being seated I right away told the waitress it was our first time dining there and she completely ignored my comment and took our drink order; note we didn't even have menus yet, so how am I to know what their drink options are. There is no sharing with a 3 year old if your doing AYCE. We asked about my friends daughter who is only 5 and she said she would cost $26.95 same as an adult. That is outrageous. Yes we could have ordered ala carte but the server did not even suggest that she just said no there's no sharing and that yep she would be regular price and basically walked away and didn't come back. I was going to pay for the two lemonades she brought us that were basically all ice, but again she never returned and I tried asking the hostess for Togo cups and I would pay for the drinks and she said "oh uh yea we don't have Togo cups" and walked away also. Again note, there were to go lids on the kids cups. So you have lids but no cups? And didn't even bring us straws with our kids drinks. No harm there but it was just too much so we obviously left. There are too many other AYCE sushi places to give this place another chance.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this AYCE sushi. This will definitely be my number 1 stop when I'm in town.Wait is long so get there early. Even though they have a time limit, Japanese people are just way too polite to try and enforce that. While We waited the 1 1/2 hours for our table, I could tell that there were people who had definitely exceeded their time limit and still continued ordering and eating.
4	On high reviews from Michael C, my wife and I headed over here for our last dinner in town.  What a great place!  My biggest knock on the place is the service - once our original drink order was delivered, we had to ask for our waters to be refilled twice.  As for the food, the fish was fresh for the most part (the albacore and japanese white fish were a little on the fishy side, but still edible), and I couldn't believe what all they offered in their AYCE menu.  Salmon belly was phenomenal, and we had a bunch of 1/2 rolls, allowing us to try a lot more variety than we were prepared for.  The green tea creme brulee was out of this world good - and I'm not a huge fan of either green tea OR creme brulee!  Definitely check this place out - if it was closer to home, I'd be here all the time!
4	The quality the service is top notch. As an ayce sushi it seems we are limited in our location selections and this is one spot I would travel from the very North Pole to eat at. Hands down mine and wifeys favorite.
5	This is my go-to place for sushi in Vegas.  Every time someone says they have a better place I try that and then come back here.The quality of the fish for AYCE is one of the best I've ever had.  They are very busy most of the time, but I've never felt like the wait staff has ignored me.  They are always very nice and the sushi comes out as fast as we order it.My favorite part is they have daily specials of sushi such as masago jalapeno and salmon belly, which is SOOOOOO good.  If you go, I would suggest always try something from that list, as it is fresh and different.If I had to give a con, I'd say that the bathroom facilities have gone downhill over the years, and there are a lot of things in the wrong place or broken.
2	I don't get what all the hype is about. This is the lowest quality restaurant of this family of restaurants (Raku, Monta, Kabuto, etc..) Service slow. portions below average, frankly nothing stood out as original or even that good, and mediocre quality. Basically its your typical ayce sushi joint that caters to the South west suburban crowd. I can go anywhere and get just as good and easily find better.
4	One of my favorite past times to which I should stop due to the lack of money is eat all you can eat sushi. Alas eating fresh fish is just too good to pass up. I love eating and sushi is my favorite food so I cannot pass up eating at all the sushi places in las vegas. This place is one of the more top notch sushi places that I have been to with fresh fish. I am more of a nigiri man myself which is why I speak about the freshness of the fish. It is very important to me to have fresh fish. The texture of these fish are amazing and have the taste that you expect to come from such fish such as salmon and tuna. The sushi rice is also of great texture. Sticks together still in your mouth like it's supposed to. I use my fingers to eat my nigiri and the residue left behind from the rice is minor which tells of great rice. The reason for the 4 stars is because if the quality and presentation of the nigiri. The sushi could look better. I usually like to appreciate the food before me but there doesn't seem to be anything pretty about this fish but again this is not that big of a deal. This is a great place to go for beginners of sushi. Goyemon has a lot of menu items that anyone of all sushi levels can enjoy. The quality of fish is amazing and can be enjoyed as raw fish or in a roll. Enjoy!
1	This place advertises that you can get 1 order each of uni and amaebi when you go for AYCE, but it's just a bait and switch tactic to get you in the door. Because what they don't tell you is that if they run out of either of those two "premium" (and they are) items, you can't substitute it for something else of equal or lesser value. So once you're in, they're likely to tell you they're out of one, or both, of those items. That way, you pay the AYCE price thinking you'll be able to get those items, and they don't actually have to serve them to you. All they have to do is keep serving you the same, cheap stuff you can get at any other AYCE, and thereby saving them money, and making more off of you and me; the duped customer.It's really ingenious marketing, if you think about it. These guys are brilliant.... at least at making suckers out of their customers!
5	I try to avoid doing the all-you-can-eats and buffets.  I never can eat my money's worth!  But whenever I'm in Vegas, I try to make an exception and Goyemon is definitely a place where I go all out.  Skip the skinny jeans and put on that billowy dress with the stretchy belt because we're having half the ocean's worth of fish for dinner tonight, kiddies!I'm Seafood's worst enemy and I take no prisoners at Goyemon!  Goyemon is my ultimate favorite place to go for sushi and it's crazy for me to even say that!  I've taken my brother and friends here and they all go crazy for this place.  Nothing in Arizona can compare.  With uni, sweet shrimp, salmon belly, blue fin tuna, unagi, conch, aji mackerel, garlic tuna, and black tobiko being on their menu, how can I not love this place?  There's so many more amazing bites and everything is fresh [Remember:  fresh salmon should smell like cantaloupe!]!  Even with the all-you-can-eat, they don't try to rip you off by offering more rice and less goodies like a lot of other places do.  It just proves how great their work ethics are.  Don't forgot to check out their ever-changing daily specials.Goyemon is a trendy little place and it's nicely decorated.  The wait time can be pretty crazy and they're always busy.  The wait staff is pretty on point here as long as you're nice and polite.  Loud annoying people generally are given much worse service as we've seen first hand with the annoying drunken jerks next to us.  But in the city where clubrats and lushes prevail, I can see how they're just over it.  Stay on The Strip, fiends! Let me just have Goyemon all to myself.  Give me an hour, dim the lights, and don't come in when my stretchy belt is hanging on the doorknob.  NSFW.
4	AYCE Sushi! SOOO GOOD!Got here like 30 min before they opened so me and my group of friends got to sit down immediately when they opened. First off we got here for lunch so some items on the menu are not included in the lunch menu. If you do get it, you have to pay the dinner price for AYCE. I wanted to try the pork belly but it was only for dinner.Also, you have to make sure you don't overeat. You will be charged for anything you do not eat. Even if you order a nigiri and just eat the fish off of it and leave the rice, you will be charged for the rice leftovers! With that warning, my friends and I were cautious only ordering small amounts at a time. We did pretty good as the portions for the sushi items were not that big and when we order we ordered for the whole table instead of individual servings. The highlight for me was the super white tuna! It was really tasty! I would love to come back here for dinner but would want to come here early as I hear the wait could be as long as 2 hours!
5	This is the best AYCE sushi joint in town. I am here about once a month. Can't beat the quality and the price.
5	This is my go-to sushi restaurant. The quality of the fish for AYCE beats any other place in Vegas. I love the female mid aged Asian waiter, she is the most friendliest and attentive waiter. She always asks if we want to order more and always refills are drinks. She always has a smile on her face, she's my favorite. If you love sushi you should definitely check this place out. Their menu is great with pictures of what each roll looks like. Definitely recommend.
4	Pretty good sushi for an all-you-can-eat place.  Always fresh and they bring it out fast.  Honestly, I'd go here more if they didn't charge the full amount for my 4 year old because, seriously, he can only eat like one or two pieces.
5	Overall this place is the best AYCE sushi place in Vegas. To me what sets this place apart sushi is always fresh and well prepared. They allow half orders on rolls so you can try more different types of rolls. I especially enjoy the different types of grilled fish. After 11pm u can also order ramen they are the same owners of Monta. Sometimes their are premium types of fish on the specials menu you would never see in any AYCE place. Plus it is always busy and plenty of female eyecandy!
4	I enjoyed it as a first timer. I got the all you can eat and my favorite so far was the hurricane, spicy rice and moon. Yum yum sauce whatever it's made of (I even asked the waiter) is amazing.I'll definitely be coming back
5	My husband and I used to work at a very well known sushi spot and after work we would go here with a his friends and coworkers. It's always been very good  and we really enjoy coming here.
5	It seems like Goyemon has fixed their staffing problems, but I've also switched to mostly just ordering takeout instead of trying to have a sit-down lunch. The food is still wonderful and the staff are very friendly, even when the place is slammed and there's a line out the door.Every once in a great while, they still have an off day. Maybe someone doesn't show up for work, or someone who works in the area decides to bring 20 of their coworkers out for a meal. But these are the exceptions, not the rule.
4	Listen, you can never get better quality sushi at an all you can eat price or quantity, let's get that of the way.  Now, being the foodie that I am, this place gets as close as you can get to as I can ever expect any restaurant can.  It's the best AYCE sushi place I have ever been to. Rice is not mushy, it's cooked perfect. Rice to fish ratio is solid and comparable to a normal sushi restaurant. Service is excellent. Selection is solid and diverse. Go for it, it's a long wait but it's worth it in my personal opinion.
5	Came to Vegas for my birthday and we were craving sushi. All the Yelp reviews for this place sounded great and we liked that it was all you can eat. The whole experience was great. It's a small place but we were seated right away and the decor is beautiful. The nigiri was incredible. We also liked that you can order all the rolls in half portions so we were able to try a bunch. The Pastel roll was probably the best sushi roll I've ever had in my life. The Lemon roll was great too. Rice to fish ratio was perfect and the service was great. Their baked mussels were very tasty too. Definitely recommend this place if you're in Vegas and want delicious all you can eat sushi. Lunch was 22.95 I think, not bad.
5	we always get the all you can eat. my absolute favorites are: spicy tuna sushi style,  steam shumai, baked mussels, ecstasy roll, grilled pork and tiger roll.  sometimes I get the lemon roll, spicy chicken and shrimp tempura.for desert red bean ice cream...tempura ice cream is pretty good.
4	Great sushi place, service is fast (most of the time, other days can be slow) but overall I love coming in here for all you can eat! Highly recommend this place.
5	I came here for the 2nd time. I had a much better experience this time!! All the food we ordered was BOMBBBBBBB. The Fried shrimp head, the rolls (Crispy Rice roll with spicy tuna on top was my fave!!), the baked rolls are good too. I loved the baked  mussels!! They also have UNI (2 per person)! And the Scallop sushi.. i can keep listing!! It's a must try!! The best part, their dessert!!!! The green tea tiramisu is BOMBBBBBBB. Also, they have unlimited MOCHI ICE CREAM!! And lychi ice cream YUMMMMM. I WANT TO GO BACK ALREADY!!ps. there might be a wait (sometimes up to an hour!) but just wait, its worth it :)
2	I went back first time in several months to this restaurant. Having only good memories of good quality sushi and well put together flavors construction as well as good portioning. Last night that memory was completely shattered. When ordering the nigiri I was appalled at how inconsistent the fish was cut and the fact that the rice was horrible. They know more practice the art of making a quality product, the evidence to that is a machine that lays out the rice for them so I can slap a piece of cheap nori on it and turned into a very substandard role.You might think I'm being somewhat of a snob or a total dick to this place, but after having worked for three years in high end Japanese cuisine and seeing what is possible and also eaten at several other aw IC e. Sushi restaurants honestly have to say in my opinion this restaurant has slipped very very far down the ladder in quality presentation and caring.
5	Location: 5/5Close by the freeway off Tropicana and Decatur. Easy to get to and easy to find parking.Food: 5/5Been here multiple times and the sushi has always been amazing. Very fresh. In my opinion its the best sushi spot in Vegas.Service: 5/5Always quick and on point. Orders get taken quickly, drinks are refilled, and food gets brought out quick.Ambiance: 5/5Casual and not very noisy. Very comfortable environment. Extra: I will definitely be coming back here again many times.
2	My initial experience was amazing ! The food was fresh and on point (and endless). The last time I went- maybe the waiter was a new guy (caucasian, unsure of the name) - and he basically was like "you can only order 2 pieces at a time." He ruined my and my party's night - b/c we kept waiting for him to come to our table like once in a blue moon. Thank god his co-waitress checked up on us and was more attentive. I'm still hesitant to go back.Also be warned of a 1-2 hour wait on Friday-Saturday nights
4	My favorite sushi spot when I visit Las Vegas. Maybe even my all time favorite in general! Friendly service and good food. Don't be cheap and pay for just one roll, do the all you can eat sushi! It is definitely worth it. My favorite was their Ecstasy Roll. It's topped with "orgasm sauce" and let me tell you... The name really speaks for itself. Another good one is the Crispy Rice! I've been here probably 3 or 4 times and was never disappointed. If you're in town or a local, check it out!
1	If I could leave zero starts I would. Came in with my family for AYCE and a chicken teri bowl. Server was irritated at us right off the bat due to us asking for an extra plate and fork. (I'm white and can't use chop sticks!) I got the chicken teri bowl and almost choked on a bone. Really? It was cut up chicken breast! We were only about the 3rd family in the place and service was very slow. Getting sushi took forever with poor presentation. Quality wasn't the best either. IMO - go to HIKARI if you're looking for AYCE sushi!
5	Sushi is always fresh! Staff is very friendly ! Most defiantly my favorite Sushi restaurant !!! The wait time is well worth it !!
4	Fast service! Ordered items to go and it was ready in 10-15 minutes. Hostess was pleasant and helpful with the menu items. She even showed us the best combinations for ordering, saving us $10 on the order. I will have to come back and way here when I'm in this neighborhood again :)
5	I ordered all you can eat and it's so worth it. Service was great. You will get full quick so order half of the rolls so you can try everything.
5	Lunch 11:45 am-4pm $21.95 AYCEDinner 4pm-3am $26.95 AYCE!!!! Best deal in townThis place is the BOMB!!! I will come back here every time I come to Las Vegas because it is literally the best AYCE sushi place in the city, and just off the strip. You usually have to wait a while for a table, but if you're eating at the bar, you can go right in if there's seats open. I recommend not ordering too much off the menu right when you sit down. You have to finish everything or they will charge you ala carte prices, so you should order from the sushi chef as you go. You can order half-rolls so that you can try more types of specialty rolls without filling up so fast, and you can even order 1 rather than 2 nigiri at a time. Don't get the spicy tuna roll because it's just a plain roll with nothing else in it. The pork belly was just o-kay...it wasn't super special and it's just too greasy. The tempura ice cream is not that great either--the tempura batter isn't crispy, just bready. Next time I'll just get 1 or 2 mochi ice cream, because the green tea ice cream that I had wasn't a strong green tea flavor, more on the bland side. The $5 sake I got was such a generous amount, I kind of regretted ordering it since it made me feel full too fast. I should have gotten the smaller size. But all-in-all, despite my ordering blunders, I really REALLY enjoyed this place. Go for the unagi, amaebi, hotate, and ikura. Super duper fresh, generous, and artfully done. Mostly locals come here, so the party next to us asked how we heard about it. They were regulars. It's a small place, so go early if you have a larger party, or sit at the bar if you're on a hot date. It's worth every minute and every penny!!!
4	I'm not always picky when it comes to eating sushi as long as their fish doesn't look AND taste like it's been sitting out for a few hours.It's a small sushi place, but luckily it wasn't busy when we got there. They don't take reservations, or at least that's what the lady told me. Their menu has a pretty good selection of rolls and hot foods and the service was quick most of the time. My favorite was the salmon roll, I can't remember the exact name (salmon supreme? some shit like that) It was just salmon on the inside with more salmon on top LOL. Also, I loved the garlic tuna nigiri. Fish seemed like it was a good quality.For dessert I had the lychee sorbet and the tempura ice cream. The tempura ice cream was okay, but I really enjoyed the lychee sorbet.A bummer was that uni was only served during dinner time. Now idk my sushi rules all that well but if you ask me, uni should just be served 24/7 with no limitations. I mean it's called AYCE man. Gotta have that sea urchin ;)
5	This is my favorite AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas. The flavor AND texture of their fish is consistently VERY very good. And the construction of their sushi is spot on. I love being able to pick up my sushi and not have it fall apart before it gets to my mouth.Their service is friendly and prompt. There will probably be a wait, but they have an online queueing system that will constantly let you know, on your smart phone, where in line you are. So that's awesome.If you choose to dine here, you WILL have an exceptional sushi dining experience.
5	I absolutely love this place! Service has been nothing but wonderful. I love the variety. I'm from Orange County and I still haven't found a place comparable to this ayce sushi place.
4	Went here for a little sushi get away here at Vegas away from it all...  This place was a bit packed but was seated within 20-30 min waiting... They do have a small sushi bar area, this place also serve an all you can eat sushi!! Which was not expected... But was delicious, sushi came at original size, no overfilling with rice on the All you can eat menu!! So expect alot!  The soysauce was a bit off.. A lot more salty than most place so be careful for all you wasabi/ss dipper :D.. I ordered many appetizer such as their gryoza,shumai, and different chicken dishes as well as 2 rolls which filled me right up.  Overall experience was great, the food is freshly prepared and come out fast so expect a speedy get in, eat up, and get out!
3	For all u can eat sushi this is a good place place. Especially the scallop and mussels wete delicious. Also the lychee ice cream is a must try.
2	The food was ok, but the service was terrible! Our check was $57, but we were charged $68 on our credit card. When we asked why, we were told that the server forgot to add couple items we did order. I think the server should had let us know prior to charging our card. 10 minutes after we signed the credit card slip, we were asked to leave since other guests were waiting for our table.There are many sushi places around the Valley, so small places like Goyemon Sushi House should appreciate business and treat guests more kindly.
1	It used to be good but they really lose quality... Doesn't worth waiting...The problem is not the price or waiting.But it's the food and presentation what sucks... Sushi Kaya is always better alternative.
1	On a late Thursday night, a friend and I were looking for a bite to eat, so after a quick search, we decided to try out Sushi Goyemon. We saw online that they close at 3:00 am, which is usually the case for many sushi places in Vegas. We arrived at 2:15 am, and the sign on their door says that last call is at 2:30 am, so we still had time to order. We were seated and we ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl and green tea ice cream. Two simple items that tasted fine. However, I was in the middle of my meal and at 2:45 am, the woman who seated us approached us and humbly said, "Sorry, I don't mean to rush you, but can you hurry up so I can close the restaurant?" I thought we had had 15 minutes left, but I guess the entire staff wanted to go home, so they decided to rush us so they could close early. I wasn't even finished eating! We saw another table leave very shortly after that, and we were the only two left, with the rest of the staff just standing there watching us, waiting for us to leave. It wasn't even 3:00 am yet, but we left at 5 'til. I guess they actually close at 2:30 am instead. I took the rest of my food to-go, and we left. Don't visit this place if you're looking for common courtesy.
4	I've heard so many good things about Goyemon and last night I finally had the luxury of trying it!When my party got here, they said it would be about a 30-45 minute wait. A bit long, but expected on a Saturday night. It's nice that they have two tables outside for parties waiting rather than standing. When you walk inside, the place is very cozy, but not overly crowded. I also noticed the menu was very similar to Sushi-Mon. The service was very fast and we hardly had to wait for our food to come out. That was a definite plus. When you're here, you gotta get the baked mussels, salmon belly, and pork belly. My only issue was that my green tea ice cream and vanilla mochi ice cream was pretty melted by the time it got to me. Other than that, Goyemon is a pretty good place to grab AYCE. I'll definitely be coming back here again especially since they offer stamp cards!
5	Very fresh with wonderful variety of sushi, sides, salad and grill items.  It was our first time here and we should have followed rule #1 for the AYCE.  We ordered all of our favorite sushi and rolls plus grilled pork belly.It was a LOT of food.  When you order the sushi, they ask you how many.  Since it was my husband and myself, I said 2.  But the waiter didn't mean individual pieces but orders so it was like getting twice the amount of sushi I thought I ordered.Tip:  next time, I want to have the feel of a whole meal from the AYCE so I'll only order sushi and maybe only one soft crab shell roll (because rolls are super filling) so that I'll have room for a poke salad, seaweed salad, grilled pork belly, and must have lychee sherbet!  It's refreshing and addicting.
2	Took some friends who were in town here for dinner. The wait was only about 30 minutes so no complaints there. The sushi was good, not the best but it was decent for the price. One big problem - I GOT FOOD POISONING!Woke up around 4am and was very sick. I should note that no one else got food poisoning except for me, but nonetheless I have never gotten this sick after eating sushi before and I eat it quite a bit.  I would recommend checking out Sushi Kaya. I have never gotten sick after eating there and it is very comparable if not better.
5	This establishment is the sister restaurant to the Sushi Mon's in town. It is really fabulous. Not only is it delicious, it is also close to work. Also, there is a very cool vibe flowing through here. I think it's me...It is normally very busy. Adjust accordingly.Enjoy!
1	We have been extremely loyal customers to Goyemon for many years dining here at least 2x per month and have always praised this place as the best sushi house in Las vegas. Lately, not so much anymore. We have noticed since Gio no longer works here that there may have been some kind of employee shake up. The morale now seems depressed and it really shows on some of the front of house employees. Tonight I was totally disgusted with the hostess and the Japanese female server with glasses. We were not greeted by a friendly hostess, and the server was not friendly either. She took our initial order and never came back until I had to ask if we could order more food. This is an AYCE sushi house! Or isn't it? When she took our second round of orders it was like we were disgusting her and it wasn't much. She did not even refill our water cups or drinks. Soon after we finished our first round of food, the hostess asked if we were all done? Really?We were sitting there looking around and never saw this place with so many open tables. Maybe people caught on faster than we did. Service has gone severely downhill. Warning to the owner, there's a lot of competition out there.We sure miss Gio. We walked in, he knew our beverages and always came to say hello. He made everyone feel welcome and the place had a happy aura. Not anymore.We got into our car, drove off and we all sadly said, I don't care to come back anymore. Sad. I hope you can repair the great reputation you once had.  Sincerely,A new loyal customer to Soho Japanese restaurant on Jones/Warm Springs.
1	Its used to be good but not anymore. Service is rude. U will be asked to leave almost after u pay, seriously! I see that they are busy but its unacceptable. The quality of food is going down hill! Oh and all of the hosts are extremely rude!
5	This is definitely my go-to spot before I leave Vegas. $21.95 for AYCE at lunch?! What a steal!!! Everything is fresh and they don't pile on the rice on the sushi! It still is a little more than most places in LA but I'm not complaining.What I Recommend- ALL THE DESSERTS! Seriously, we ordered 1 of everything. Sooo good!- Sashimi Salad- Supreme Salmon Roll- Tiger Roll- J.J. Roll- Salmon SushiI highly recommend the Lychee Sorbet!! It was refreshing and had lychee bits in it! They go a little heavy handed on the crab meat sometimes on the Sashimi Salad but it was really good overall! I love salmon so Supreme Salmon was my kind of roll! The J.J. Roll is heavy but soooo worth it. TIP: No Uni or Ebi for lunch. You would have to pay the dinner price of $26.95 instead.This place is always crowded on the weekends so try going at an off time or make reservations!
5	With so many delicious restaurants on the Strip, I usually don't take the initiative to venture out and explore other restaurants off of it.  But, since trying Sushi House Goyemon, I realized I've been missing out.  Now, let me tell you.  This place is truly one of the best sushi places I've ever been to.  I mean it's hard to imagine that at a city like Las Vegas where Sand and Cactus Trees predominate, you'd find a place like Goyemon that offers its patrons one of the freshest sashimi they ever experienced. So, a group of my friends came here for dinner on a Thursday night.  We all signed up for the AYCE dinner special, which was a little less than $30.  My friends mostly ordered the Special Rolls, but I stuck with Nigiri.  I really enjoyed Goyemon's Garlic Tuna along with the Sweet Shrimp (too bad it's only one order per person).  I still got to try some of the special rolls that my friends ordered, and they too hit the spot.In conclusion, I'll definitely come here next time I'm in Vegas, or will make an attempt at the other restaurants off the Strip.  Heard Lotus of Siam is also a must go to place...
3	My husband and I came here for lunch at noon and wow, it was already starting to get busy. The hostess had a bad attitude, Which i hope she didn't have the whole time she was working. We got seated right before the lunch rush came in at a nice small intimate table.We orded some a variety or Sushi-Nigiri, which i felt were TINY but the fish tasted fresh. We also ordered some rolls which came out in good timing.and for the most part i remembered all of them being pretty good. The one roll that i actually rememered ordering was the 911 Roll, and they were not lying, that stuff is SPICY!Service was decent as well, our server came back often enough for us to order more once i plate was done.As for the menu. I would say this would be the perfect place for you if you like eating just rolls. They have a whole bunch of rolls to choose from. But for other plates, such as hot dishes and all that sort, not much of a selection. But sushi rolls yes.
5	This place has officially taken the Number 1 spot on my Top AYCE sushi restaurants. So congrats Goyemon!After reading reviews I knew the wait was inevitable. This place is small! Very small space. Which explains the wait time. We got there and it was about a 35 minute wait but they do grab your number and text you when your table is ready. The text even says if you need a few minutes reply back and they'll wait 2 minutes. So don't wonder too far.Automatically when we sit down someone takes our order. They must know the wait made us extremely famished! Ordered so many rolls (as seen in my pictures). I am a half roll kinda girl. I love getting half so I have more room to try different rolls. Some of my favorites were:Sunrise Roll- This roll had cajun albacore (my fav), cucumber & avocado inside and its wrapped in tuna, yellowtail, shrimp, and white fish! I mean thats an amazing combo of fish. It taste so good! 911 roll- Seriously the spiciest roll out there hands down. When we got it I thought, wow what a simple roll but boy I was wrong. It's spicy tuna with habanero sauce. Now I've had sushi rolls with habanero sauce before and it was NOT as spicy as this roll. This had my mouth on fire.... but in a good way! Nigiri- Very fresh! The garlic tuna was to die for. And of course my favorite Cajun Albacore! Spider Roll- Very large roll of sushi wrapped in soy paper and not seaweed. Might need to bite it twice to finish. Very amazing flavors of the soft shell crab inside. BOMB! I honestly loved every single roll I tried. I wanted to keep eating but my stomach would't allow it. The presentation of the rolls and different colors of the fish used was beyond beautiful. I love when my food not only taste amazing BUT looks amazing. Even if I ordered half rolls of everything-- it looked just the same as if it was a full roll. service was great! Thanks for a great experience Goyemon! See you for dinner next time for that green tea cream bruele !
5	Best SUSHI AYCE I have every tried in my life .. this is a must try a place. Service is incredible. Food tastes amazing. Restaurant looks clean and neat. Price for dinner is 26.95 but it totally worth it. After trying this place I would never go back to any other sushi AYCE even my house is 10 miles away.
5	Probably my favorite sushi bar in Vegas, which happens to be one of the most popular. So, first off, be ready to wait for a table. Once you're in, the place is small, but well utilized to fit as many people as possible. The service is fast and accommodating. The entire place is nicely designed and edgy for an off-the-strip sushi place. All food has been stellar here, but I'm not a sushi snob, so it's hard for me to be disappointed. For being popular, it's quite the treat to see they offer AYCE, which I get every time.One of the best oddities of Sushi House Goyemon is that it's open until 3 a.m. Since I have late dinners, this is very accommodating. All in all, with the solid food, great hours, and ambiance makes it one of the best choice for Vegas locals.
5	This was my first time at ayce sushi and I got to say it was bombdizzle. For $33 dinner, i nearly passed out by our third round. However after some wiggling shifting and fresh air, I recovered and continued to go HAM on them yellow tails. This is well worth your $33 just make sure you do legs beforehand!
4	Sushi is my favorite meal and THIS IS MY FAVORITE PLACE EVER!!!TIPS: Come for dinner to get the good AYCE menu!! Menu encompasses one order of uni per person. It's nice that not everyone at your table needs to order AYCE. Came early for dinner to avoid the rush. There's not many tables inside so if you get here later, you'll be waiting a while.FOOD: Oh man. So much good nigiri!-- YUMMY Nigiri: Tuna, Uni, Yellowtail, Salmon, Seared salmon, Albacore, Unagi, Fresh scallop aka hotate, Salmon roe aka masago (and we added quail egg on top!), Amaebi aka sweet shrimp (came with the tails, which was a little awkward to eat). They also have a specials menu written on chalkboard so make sure to check that out. We tried the salmon belly, which was a little too fatty for my taste.-- Wasn't a big fan of the Super white tuna -- I didn't do any of the rolls, because I just wanted all that fresh nigiri! -- Hand rolls: Salmon skin roll was okay, not much flavor.DESSERT: Liked the lychee sherbet. Green tea ice cream was okay, I've had (and made) better.SERVICE:Ugh. Service pretty much sucked here, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5. It took foreeeeverrr to get any of our orders and sushi, and the waitresses didn't come to check on us so we had to wave and hunt them down to get more orders in. Also, the sushi chef made one of my friend's hand rolls wrong TWICE!!! The waitress tried to argue with us until we showed her there was a shrimp inside instead of scallop. I'm really not sure how you mix up scallop and fake crab / shrimp....OVERALL:I'll be back when I'm in Vegas again! Hopefully the service was just a fluke (the waitress said one of the sushi chefs was new and so that's why it was so slow).
4	Like most I was weary of AYCE places, I'm glad I took a chance and stopped in for dinner. I was very impressed with the quality of the fish and wide selection of sushi they make. Must try's:Tiger RollFried Jason Pork BellySalmon BellyBEST MOCHI VANILLA BEAN EVER! :)
2	The food is still good but the service has gone bad. Our server, IRVING, sucks!!! He did not come back to our table for 15 mins even though our table is already empty. He got our drinks wrong. There are servers who weren't doing anything but stand by the back. Some of the servers who are just roaming around doing nothing didn't even ask if we wanted to order anything. Seriously?!? In a place this small and with 7 servers, service has really gone down. I think we waited total 40 - 45 mins if you add up all the times we were waiting for a server. Not coming back ever again!!!
5	This is my favorite sushi place ever, anywhere. The only thing I don't like about it is the wait. I brought two friends from California here once and now every time they talk about visiting, Goyemon is included in the plan. My go-to orders are garlic edamame, salmon belly, the Japanese Lasagna roll, and tempura ice cream.
3	As I write this, I'm really struggling on what to rate it. Somewhere between 4 and 5 stars.The service we experienced was brash, but to be expected of an all-you-can-eat place.  But there in lies, my dilemma.  Coming here, I was under the impression that it was in fact, a buffet.  I was wrong.  What I experienced was an all-you-can-eat-a la carte place.So, basically you order and they make your sushi to order. Because of this, the quality of the fish, and rice is higher than any other all-you-can-eat sushi joints I've been to (though, I tend to avoid these at all costs).  But, due to the fact that it's all-you-can-eat their product is just not up to par with sit down joints (also, I have been very spoiled in my raw fish experiences)I think I'm going to rate them on being an al a carte place, and give them 3 stars... It was good, but not special.  That's not to take anything away from them, as, previously state - probably the best all-you-can-eat sushi I've had...
2	Goyemon's service definitely needs work. Saturday around 4:30 and they are slow as molasses even with a packed restaurant. The quality of fish has seriously gone down and well the bad service just makes it bad overall. At 430 there's a wait and you would expect it to be amazing AYCE with the wait. The scallop is drenched in lemon juice, the yellowtail was poorly cut, etc etc. Overall really disappointed by the quality. I won't be back for a long while.PS. I was in the bathroom for the rest of the night after that. =\ I know that's one of the risks of AYCE sushi though.
2	Why is it that the more Las Vegas gets over saturated with AYCE sushi restaurants the more the service and quality go out the window? I don't understand how a place with this many good reviews could miss the mark so far. My friend and I sat at the sushi bar. First off the sushi chef was very rude. He had a bad attitude and was not attentive at all. We had to get his attention several times though he was maybe two feet away. The chef snapped at my friend when he mentioned that we ordered amaebi instead of ebi which we were served. The chef kept saying you can't get amaebi with AYCE. We both agreed a few times that its ok we will pay for it on the side for the regular order with our AYCE. It was very annoying and frustrating. It was such an awkward meal. I guess that was it for the chef. From that point on everything we ordered was either incorrect or lacked something. I know sushi pretty well. I have been a fan since I was 9, I worked at a sushi restaurant for a long time and learned a lot about it and my friend with me is Japanese. I will say the big eye tuna is tasty! This place just really disappointed me. Not only the yelp reviews excited me but my friends have told me so many great things about Goyemon. Maybe I will have to give them another try.
5	5 stars!! Best sushi off the strip. 3 reasons...1) All you can eat!!2) nigiri isn't overwhelmed with rice. The fish is very fresh and cut perfectly. The piece of fish is actually bigger than the rice.3) pork belly, melts in your mouth. Seaweed salad is delicious (different than most restaurants, awesome seasoning added)If you're daring, take a shot of ponzu with quail egg My only issue would be that the place is really small so you'll definitely be on a wait. But it's so worth it! I've been to this place 5 times since I first discovered it. Definitely my new favorite spot.
5	I had almost given up on all you can eat sushi because generally the quality is sacrificed greatly.  However my boyfriend eats so darn much that I had to keep searching.  We had come to goyemon a long time ago when I was super hungry and opted out while everyone gorged themselves, but this time I was armed with intense hunger.  I like that the nigiri  are not so inundated with rice that they overwhelm the fish.  The garlic tuna was super fresh and had an awesome light sauce which I believe was elevated with some yuzu.  The ikura was freaking awesome, fresh and perfect seasoned which is hard to find.  I also loved some baked green muscles the sauce was so yummy and not bland like some places, and the muscles were not to big.  I prefer smaller sized because the bigger ones can get a bit chewy.  I like that you can order half rolls and that they have more unique desserts like chocolate mousse and green tea creme brule.  The green tea creme brule could have used more of a firm sugar top is was more speckled that a layer of crunchyness.  The chocolate mousse was the perfect size for how rich it was.  I did notice some of the cuts of fish got a little less consistent towards the very end......we ordered a lot for two people.  Our server kept up with us pretty awesome for how busy it was, and the food came out very quickly.  So for being an all you can eat place I believe they earned 5 stars.
3	Well... I would say the food was good but it didn't "wow" me. Since I've been trying most of all you can eat sushi all over Vegas. I pretty have my favorites! I would point out lunch all you can eat is $21.50 (something! Make that $22) while dinner is $27. I have goyemon 3 STARS :) Oh and the service was great! Very approachable and friendly environment
3	Located near my office this happens to be a regular lunch time take out place for my office. They haven't been consistently great for lunch with dry chicken occasionally & my crispy rice has been over done but for dinner they have been great. I hope they get it together for lunch because we would appreciate it :)As for dinner, there have been many evenings that the wait has been over an hour & our group had to move on to another option. The all you can eat options are great & you can order half rolls which I love because I enjoy tasting a little bit of everything. Come hungry so you can chow down.
3	The rolls are cut in different sizes, some being too small, leaving other pieces larger than comfortable to eat. The garlic edamame had too much butter on them. The yellowtail tasted strange but the tuna was the saving grace. The spicy tuna in several rolls was overly salty. The service tho was spot on, bussers and servers alike were attentive and very nice.
4	Small place, but good service and food!  I think I only counted 10 tables here plus a bar.  I came in by myself and sat at the bar, did not opt for the AYCE.  I would def come back by myself, but it looks like the wait is forever for a table.  Which is a good sign of the food, I suppose.
5	I think I found my all-time fave AYCE sushi bar! Came here on a Thursday evening around 8pm after I weighed-in for my kickboxing fight. Naturally, I had an appetite since I had been cutting weight for almost an entire week! I was in a party 3 and we had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. I can only imagine - and I'm pretty sure this place is packed on the weekends. Service is prompt and professional. The AYCE menu includes the typical nigiri and variety of rolls. They also offer 1 order/person of sweet shrimp and uni. The wagyu beef and pork were also on the menu and are definite "must-haves!" The volcano roll was delicious! Make sure you save room for dessert because that's AYCE, too! Yep, AYCE mochi, tempura ice cream and other sweet treats to choose from! Definitely check this place out before you hit the Las Vegas buffets. You'll leave pleasantly surprised and satiated :)
5	BEST sushi place I've been to. ALL you can eat, the quality is top notch, and I love the size of the nigiri.  You get to sample so many different types.  The service is quick and friendly, and the deserts are TOO good. Green Tea Crembruleeee is so delicious, and their special Yuja Sorbert was very tasty.  I try to come here every time I visit, and I never leave unhappy.  Definitely quality sushi for a great price. I think they lose money when I come here with my family because of the amount we can eat!
4	Had the magnum roll and the supreme salmon roll. Both were delicious! Hubby had the screaming orgasm which was sooo tasty!!
5	This is my go to sushi spot when I'm in Vegas!! Absolutely love it here. The food is really fresh all the time. The hostess Arpi is really awesome. She's very nice and chill and remembers all the regulars. See you next time I'm in town!
5	Fresh sushi with fast, friendly service. They have all you can eat appetizers, sushi and desserts for lunch and dinner. Everything is made when you order it! I highly recommend Goyeman!
5	Thanks Yelpers for another wonderful suggestion. While I don't partake in the AYCE, the menu items have a been really freaking good. I don't know what they do to the tempura shrimp but I am addicted! The best part is that the rolls are not only super-tasty but they're not overly huge with too much rice. It's the perfect stuff-your-gob size and allows me to get two rolls instead of just one. Yum!!!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER.. This one's for you IRVING (waiter of the night)!30-40 minutes to even get noticed (yes we timed him)??? Very unacceptable!!! No apologies, only a butt-hurt attitude to add the "cherry on top"..What really set me off is...It is FREEZING in the restaurant, all I asked for was miso soup.. Had to order it twice, almost a 50 min wait for MISO SOUP, and again... Even after the issue was brought up kindly-- no apologies ...Even the guy refilling the waters was more attentive than IRVING..How frustrating for something that could've easily been fixed ...
2	I went here Oct 7th. I just moved to vegas few month ago. Tried to find good place eat. So I'm always seaching on yelp to find something good. So I find this place a lot a people said food n service is good. But it wasnt good at all.  I had a AYCE. Fish quality wasnt good. N employees looked so mad no smile.  Never ever wanna go back.
4	I admit I come here too often. With an abundance of AYCE sushi spots this one has quickly became my default. I used to live in the southwest next to another sushi place, that I won't name, but have stopped going there in favor of goyemon. The Cajun albacore and pepper tuna nigiri are my favorite items on the menu. Either way you can't go wrong their ayce menu covers a wide range of nigiri and apps. My only advice is to go early, the queue can get pretty long around dinner time.
4	I love Goyemon! It's my favorite sushi restaurant. The sexy girl is my favorite roll! It's just so delicious. I also love the salmon belly nigiri. The white tuna melts in your mouth. I love the unlimited dessert options that are available. I usually get the lychee sorbet and the yuzhu sorbet. The lychee is much sweeter, so eat that one first. People typically order the green tea creme brule, but I don't like green tea. Always look at the daily specials so you can see the specials like salmon belly or the different desserts that are available. I ordered the Calamari was on the specials board. That was disgusting. It did not look or taste like calamari that I would normally order at other restaurants. I normally like the pork belly, but the ones that came out was so horribly greasy  and oily. This visit, I would rate probably 2.5- 3 stars. But since I generally love this sushi restaurant, I would give it 3.5 starts rounded to 4 since I love the dessert there!
5	Great all you can eat sushi place in Las Vegas. It's true that the waiting time is a bit long; however, once you are seated good quality sushi make your tongue happy. I like the fact that they have daily specials and Japanese draft beer. Most of the sushi is not over-seasoned which is great because you can taste the fish not just the sauce. Been going there since they opened and I'll continue going there. Friendly service and great sushi!!!
4	My mother came to town and wanted to try this place out.  We did the AYCE.  Which I recommend.  We probably saved  about $60. Customer service is great, they were very attentive. Food is great.  Dessert is included in the AYCE so that's a plus.  I don't recommend the ahi poki. There's about 4 pieces of ahi in there and a bunch of seaweed. It's a small restaurant with lots of tables.  So other tables conversation could be heard.
5	I usually come here when I have AYCE dates with my friends (6+ people). The wait is usually long during busy hours and the weekends. Despite having a table reserved, all members of your party must be present to actually start sitting in your table. But once we do we eat like no tomorrow lol!I mostly just order handful amounts (as in like 20pcs or more) of Cajun Albacore and Salmon Belly. Sometimes White Tuna. Let's not forget almost every piece of dessert (Mochis, Green Tea Creme Brulee, Yuzu Ice Cream). OOOOOH DELICIOUS~
5	One of the best AYCE Japanese in town.  We arrived around 6pm and there's a line already, the wait will be 30 mins & i left my number for them.  I received a text from Goyeman immediately and we can check how many people ahead of us by noshlist.com, very convenience! We got seated at the sushi bar area, that is the best seats if u have a small party.  We ordered sushi from the sushi chef and appetizers from the server.  Our server was very attentive and patient to explain the menu to us, the chef was great too, he kept feeding us (lol) and made sure we got all our orders.  Quality of the sushi is superb! Fish is fresh, sushi had the right portion of fish and rice, and chefs did great jobs on the presentation as well.  Salmon kama was very juicy and not dry at all.  Grill calamari, shitaki mushroom, gyoza, tofu were delicious as well! Sadly we can only order 1 sweet shrimp & 1 uni suchi per person, because they are really goooood... And if u want soft shell crab, it has to come with a roll, cant order just by itself.  No oyster on the menu either.  Green tea creme brulee was good but hubby preferred the coconut mochi.
4	Goyemon!!!!!! My favorite sushi place in town!!! It's a bit on the small side and is always packed! The place does not take reservation so expect to wait a while during peak busy hours. However the place is so worth it. First things first, if you're not doing AYCE then there is no point coming here. Other than that if you got a big appetite and looking to satisfy your craving for Japanese sushi then this is the place to go! Everything here is really good. If you're into the Nigiri sushi, you have to definitely order the SUPER white tuna, Cajun albacore, seared salmon, sea urchin....ahhh whatever just order everything!!!! Also if you like ramen you should come here after 11pm since that is when it is added to their menu. I love this place! I'd give it five stars if it wasn't for the long wait times.
5	One of the best sushi places in LV. This place is always super busy and after eating here I now know why. Seating: Fortunately when I did eat here, I was seated right away. I went on a Sunday around 1pm; it was busy but luckily there was a table for two that had just opened. I foresee the wait time definitely being an issue in the future because even just 20 minutes into being seated there was a good 10 people waiting for a table. The place is smaller than most sushi restaurants I've gone to so that doesn't help. Service: pretty good. I saw a lot of reviewers saying that the waiters aren't attentive but I had no issue at all with it. My water was refilled more than a couple times and the food was brought out in a timely manner (about 15-20 minutes for sushi and 5 for the soup and salad).  It was pretty busy at this time but I imagine that if it was even more busy, service wouldn't be as quick. Food: my sister and I did not have the AYCE and believe me, it is STILL WORTH IT. The lunch specials are really a highlight of the menu; if you aren't hungry enough for AYCE or you don't feel like spending the $22 it's a great option. The rolls available on the lunch menu aren't the most intricate in flavors but for a basic roll it's a win. We had spicy tuna and shrimp tempura rolls; spice level was on par with other sushi bars I've been to and serving size was a little better than average. Lunch specials also include miso soup and salad! A total win for a complete lunch without breaking the bank. Would absolutely return and plan on it in the very near future!
2	I was extremely disappointed by this restaurant the fish was disgustingly warm and mushy. The appetizer was edible to say the least. I don't quite understand why this place has such high reviews it was mediocre at best. I'll say the price is a little much for the poor quality of fish. Bottom line don't trust the high ratings and skip on to the next.
4	Like the blackboard specials...good super white, great shrimp heads, real snow crab,Ramen soup after 11pm...
5	amazing sushi great service wow price will be there again and again and again
5	I've ate there many times before and it's my all time favorite sushi place in Vegas! Great service and the best sushi I've ever had.
4	One of my favorite places to each sushi because honestly, my high school teacher recomended this place to me when he heard I was going to Vegas for college. LOL! But it's not the only place I eat sushi at. I like the dimness of the room but not so much the price. I'm pretty sure I could eat AYCE sushi else where for cheaper. This is just one of those retaraunts I would save for a rainy day or date night. Lol. Other than that they have some interesting rolls and seasonal interior decor which is pretty cool. They also have a bar, you dont have to be 21 to sit there, but it is an overall clean and nice environment. Cool chefs behind the bar as well! Lol. Keep in mind that this place gets packed on weekend nights especially, im not sure about during the day but it's all good. It's worth a 20 minute wait max. Haha
1	Went in for dinner tonight asked if we could watch the world series and the server said sorry its on a set channel we are not allowed to change it. Last time I go back
4	Pretty good AYCE sushi. We waited for about 15 minutes on Sunday around 6:30pm. It was surprising since it is not a big place. We ordered a lot! I mean everything at once. The nigiri was very fresh. The sake and white tuna were the best. The uni and sweet shrimp (only allowed one per order) were very good too.  It was hard that you have to eat all of the rice. I would recommend not get any of the rolls. None of the four that we ordered were that good. The 911 roll was good but very very spicy. The spider roll was not authentic at all. All the side orders are very yummy. The shrimp tempura, spicy chicken teriaky, seaweed salad, etc. Would definitely go back next time I am in Vegas.
2	It used to be great, but they've been skimping on portions and the quality of rice they use is subpar at best.   Hopefully they will change that because this was our spot to eat whenever we go to Vegas.
5	I love that's like $20 for all you can eat sushi it's a amaazzzziiinngg  it was my first time  and it was totally worth it . I recommend you go
4	Service was extremely fast, almost too fast! Sat at the bar and had wonderful customer service. Hot sake is great, 9-1-1 HOLY SHIT. I'm still chugging on my water.. I love and can handle spicy, but this is by far THE spiciest I've had yet. RECOMMENDED The Mingus -- even if you aren't a fan of fish or sea food I suggest you give this a shot to break into the scene. Absolutely delicious for anyone. Only thing I would say is I wish there was some environmental music in here, some gentle Japanese or something for environment factor.. Rather than the crying baby!
5	Amazing place! Well worth the wait!  The hostess stated a 45min wait and it turned into only 15 minutes.  Staff was average but the food was spectacular!  Creations of the rolls were original and full of flavor. Must order is the calamari!  This is a definite go to sushi house.
4	Awesome sushi spot with their all you caneat it definitely hits the spot.I tried their halibut sashimi and it was sublime!Also, don't forget to order some sake and beers or both to enhance your all you can eat experience.
4	Gosh darn it, why do I love sushi so much.  This place is no exception.  Take my money!Lunch is $23 and dinner is $27.  The only difference is for dinner you get one order of Uni (Sea Urchin) and Sweet Shrimp.  You also get a few more "specials of the day" items to choose from.  Definitely worth it if you eat those things, otherwise try for lunch.  I've tried eating here before but left after we heard the wait was 2+ hours.  This time, we came at an odd hour (3:30PM) on a Saturday and were luckily able to get seated for 10 people without issue.  Note, NOT everyone in your party has to eat AYCE, which I was surprised to hear.  This worked out great for us.Everything we ordered was amazingly fresh and tasty.  Definitely not the cheap sh*t. Love the ton of options and the grean tea creme brulee was a nice touch to end it all.  Service was also attentive and quick.  However,  the sushi to rice ratio is not that great here, but the freshness kind of makes up for it.  Just looked at my thumb and that's about how much rice you get per sushi (I have a medium sized thumb).  The fish on top is just a small sliver.While I liked this place a lot compared to the other 4-5 AYCE sushi places I've tried in Vegas, there's still another AYCE sushi place in Vegas I enjoy a tad bit more.  A better sushi to rice ratio and even more options make me like that place more.  Check out my reviews to find out which one.  Hence, 4 rightfully deserved yelp stars from me, Goyemon.
4	I have returned! Much to my amazement the food & service is still outstanding! Still an awesome off the strip sushi spot to dine at!This time we came on a Monday for lunch and beat the mad lunch rush! Whew~ We dined for about 1.5 hours for the AYCE sushi and ate til we had to unbutton our pants :):: GOTTA HAVE IT (4/5) ::- Sashimi Salad- Seaweed Salad- Garlic Tuna Sushi- Salmon Sushi- Dynamite- Pixie Roll:: LOVE IT  (3/5)  ::- Baked Mussels- Tuna Poki- XTC Roll- YellowTail Sushi- Frying Jason Roll- Tempura Ice Cream:: LIKE IT  (2/5) ::- Yum Yum Scallop Sushi:: NOT DYING TO HAVE IT AGAIN  (1/5) ::- Moon Roll  (there was no fresh water eel)- Jala Jala Roll
4	Pretty decent AYCE sushi place.....good ambiance and good quality fish. My only complaint is from the cuts of fish i received for my Nigiris.....sinewy pieces of tuna, and bloodline still left on the Hamachi. Yellowtail is my favorite fish for nigiris and it was unpleasant having a large portion of my fish being bloodline. And they displayed the bloodline side smh. That aside eveything was pretty good. I would visit again.
5	Here for the AYCE and I have not even finished dinning but already I can write a review about this place. Awesome!!! Quality is great service is great just all around a really good place for sushi!!!
3	We came here with a friend who liked the place. It was packed but we had reservations, got in the door with a 15 min wait. We opted for all you can eat. We had eel, super white,  the excatsy roll, and the moon roll. The fish was pretty fresh , minimal rice. But we waited 20 minutes for drinks. We got some of our food before we got our water and sprite..  Service was slow for a 30% tip. We waited 25 minutes for a moon roll... I would not recommend or make the drive back. Our mussels were sent back twice and they came back cold twice . The sauce they used looked shady. Very thick and overwhelming taste of mayo.yuck
4	I almost felt like i was betraying our AYCE sushi spot, coz we're like family when we walk into that restaurant but my boyfriend couldnt wait for that spot to open up so he searched out this place.  its small but clean, we sat at the bar and got the AYCE. decent menu its almost identical except that quality was a taaaaaaaad bit better than our usual spot. price wise its decent, might as well get the AYCE since you practically pay for that in like 2 sushi rolls.... we got a pitcher of beer and tried all the items that you can get only one per person for dinner. all the kitchen items are small but its all you can eat so yea. made friends with our sushi chef, he seems to hook us up and suggest certain sushi, overall it was good. had a great time as always with my boyfriend for dinner and liked the food. will be returning.
5	This is at least my 50th dinner at Goyemon and I must say I've never been let down once. The quality of fish and service from the staff is unparalleled. At this point the sushi chefs know my order by heart and have it out for me within minutes. I would definitely recommend the Hurricane and Magma rolls.
5	Quite a bit of a trek off the strip if you are staying in that area as I usually am, but the quality of food for an all you can eat option for lunch or dinner is out of this world. Some menu items were fairly unique to this restaurant and not something I have seen in other sushi restaurants.  Definitely fun for a group that is all willing to order the all you can eat to be able to pass around items for sampling. I will definitely be back!
5	Goyemon! I love you! Definitely my favorite place now for all you can eat sushi. I'm not a sushi expert or anything but I know a great deal when I see one! Every time I've come, sushi has been pretty fresh, food has come somewhat fast and I always leave satisfied! There's usually a wait but to me, they're worth it! The only I don't like is that their stamp card now has like a two month expiration on it. Okay I like sushi, but I think it's safe to say that the majority of people would have a hard time eating sushi 10 times in 2 months. Mehh, lame. But anyways...My favorite rolls-Lemon: California roll wrapped with yellowtail, salmon and sliced lemon drizzled with ponzuMoon: Fresh water eel, scallop yum and avocado served with eel sauce on bed of tempura crumbPuffy: Fresh water eel, cream cheese, cucumber and avocado topped with smelt eggs & eel sauceMoment: Shrimp tempura, scallop yum and avocado topped with smelt eggs & eel sauceHurricane: Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado topped with salmon tempura, smelt eggs & green onion drizzled with eel sauce spicy yum yum sauce & mayonnaisePixie: Deep fried soft shell crab, spicy shrimp yum, cucumber and avocado wrapped in soy paper with smelt eggs & eel sauce on topYum Yum!!! and for the desserts, I love the Lychee Sherbert, Tempura Ice Cream, and Green Tea Creme Brulee!
4	Food is always amazing. I love the variety on their A.Y.C.E. menu and service was particularly on it tonight.They don't take reservations so anticipate a wait time to be seated.
5	This is my favorite All You Can Eat sushi place! Their sushi is always fresh and their AYCE menu includes dessert as well!
3	Sushimon and Goyemon, but moreso Goyemon due to distance, have been my go-to places for AYCE sushi. There's never a trip to Vegas where I have not stopped by to dine, even during business trips to Vegas. However, at this last visit, I've became very disappointed by foremost the quality of the fish and secondly with the service.Every non-nigiri item came out first -- the appetizers and regular rolls. We sat for quite a while waiting for even just one of our nigiri orders. Sadly, the long wait wasn't rewarded at the end.Halibut nigiri... stringy and chewy. Had to spit out part of it because I really couldn't swallow it.Scallop...lots of lemon juice. Did not seem fresh.Cajun albacore...completely doused in sauce.1/3 of the nigiri fish were smaller than before, which made it seem like there was too much rice given.At least the snow crab meat is still good, so we loaded up on multiple orders of that. Seeing that this may be my last trip to Goyemon (will likely go back to Sushimon), I also ordered my usual 2 orders of green tea ice cream and 2 orders of lychee sherbet, while getting the tempura ice cream just for kicks (the tempura batter gets to you at the second quarter piece you eat).I'm sad that I will likely not return, unless things change, and I hope that the diminishing quality didn't hit Sushimon as well.
3	My sister, who is a bigger foodie but doesn't write, lives out here and was the food and beverage manager for Ritz Carlton in D.C. so she knows her stuff. I recommended this place considering the # of reviews and 4 stars on Yelp. However, although I didn't try the food, I wanted to leave this dirty smelling joint asap. The place smelled like old fish, was dark, loud, and very crowded. Because I was so hungry, we left and went to her usual spot Umiya. Considering these places are all you can eat raw sushi joints, I'd rather be a bit more picky and eat at a more cleaner establishment. Even if it was the late lunch hour rush, the establishment should be clean and not smell like the kitchen if they're serving raw fish (my pet peeve). Dahmmit...I feel terrible for writing a bad review about this joint, but Umiya was just that much better and even a few bucks cheaper with the free drinks.
1	No sashimi all rolls. not as fresh. They want you to eat every piece of rice. Overpriced. Long wait. Not worth the  time and money and not too many selections. Never coming back!!!
5	I won't go too in depth because pretty much everything that needs to be said has already been said.- IMPORTANT: the dinner menu has a slightly bigger selection, most importantly pork belly, one order of sweet shrimp (amaebi) per person, and one order of sea urchin (uni) per person.- service can sometimes be a pain, especially if you have a large group, you will be seated in a private room on the right with two large tables and have difficulty attracting the attention of your server- TIP: in a group, don't order too much at once or else it will definitely take longer to get your food (i.e. 20 orders of nigiri per person in a party of 6)- nigiri: garlic tuna, salmon, cajun albacore are staples, and their uni is also great- rolls: to each their own, but beware the 9-1-1 IS pretty spicy- no matter how full you are or how full you think you are, you'll have space for dessert. lychee sherbet is my personal favorite- there are a bunch of AYCE sushi restaurants in Vegas, but I always end up gravitating back to GoyemonThe only downsides are service and lengthy wait. Whatever. Goyemon is undoubtedly the best AYCE sushi in Vegas.
3	I was never a fan of AYCE sushi. Even after reading the good reviews about this place, I still wasn't interested in coming here since I already had a favorite sushi spot! However, we had family in town a few weeks ago who asked us to bring them here, so I finally got to see what it was all about. So many reviews here already, so I'll try to keep mine short and sweet. A few things I would like to point out.....First, we got lucky with the wait time. They told us we would be waiting about 40 minutes. But because a big party left, it opened up like 3 tables and we only waited about 20 minutes. I thought it was kind of cool that they text you a link that shows your place in line and how long you have waited so far to keep track of your time.Second, we unfortunately got a table that was close to the entrance door. It was so crowded and people were waiting inside the narrow entrance way (as if this place isn't tiny enough). I got annoyed because it felt like the whole time, strangers were watching me eat. Sorry, but it sucks when you cant enjoy your meal because people keep looking over your shoulder!Lastly, I'm sorry, but the sushi just wasn't that great. I ordered a few rolls, but nothing stood out or gave me a reason to come back again. They may have sounded fancy on the menu, but the taste was disappointing. However, I will say this. Their rice to meat/fish/veggies/what have you is great. They don't pack on the rice or are not stingy with the other ingredients, which some sushi places definitely do. Anyway, glad I finally tried it, but no thank you. I don't mind paying more for sushi that I can definitely enjoy elsewhere!
5	I am usually the pickiest sushi eater, so AYCE is not generally my choice.  But this place could definitely change my opinion!We were seated immediately at the bar at lunchtime on a weekday.  Our drink orders and appetizer orders were taken immediately, and as soon as the sushi chef in front of us had a breather, we placed our sushi orders.  We ate a lot of food, but these were the highlights:Sushi:White Tuna sushiAlbacore sushiFreshwater Eel sushiAppetizers:Fried CalamariFried Soft Shell CrabTuna PokeOctopus PokeDynamiteDessert:Tempura fried ice creamLychee sorbetThe appetizers that came from the kitchen are all sized very small, which is great because you can taste them and if you like them, order more.  The only downside was that they don't offer Uni at lunchtime, and at dinnertime they limit you to one order per person : (.  But the fact that they include desserts with their AYCE is pretty great!  For about $50 for 2 people, this was a great deal, and really hit the spot when we were craving sushi!
5	This place is one of the reasons why I go to Vegas!!For $26.95, you can eat the BEST AYCE sushi dinner in Vegas.It is a short drive from the strip, but way more worth it than other overpriced restaurants on the strip.I highly recommend getting their fresh nigiri, but if you are in a big group, make sure to order reasonable amounts at a time since ordering too much at once will slow down your order significantly. Their rolls are very good too to go well with the nigiri. You WILL feel VERY VERY full after eating lots of exceptional sushi, but everyone has a second stomach for deserts, right? Their lychee sorbet will cleanse your palates as well as make your day better.This is a MUST stop for any Vegas trips
5	I love the fact that they literally have all you can eat mochi dessert!! The food is great also the pork belly.
5	This is a small Sushi house. You will most likely have a 20 to thirty minute wait. But it is well worth it . Did the all you can eat for $27.00 the flavor was amazing.
5	My all time favorite sushi spot. TOURISTS do no waste your time eating sushi on the strip. I cannot tell you how many bad experiences I have had eating sushi on the strip, along with a horrifying bill to follow. Goyemon is fresh, affordable, and unique. Open late, and offer a great lunch all you can eat price! They truly have a flavor, rather than everything tasting like the same roll like other places. Their fish is very fresh, service is quick and attentive. I will continue to come to Goyemon as long as I reside in Vegas.
2	Waaaaay over priced for substandard sushi... Not sure why there is always a line. I definitely would not have waited the hour and a half that they quoted me a couple of weeks ago. I would rather drive the 30 minutes to North Vegas for awesome food, than go around the corner to waste money. Don't recommend you eat here.
3	I'm gonna come out right off the bat and say I was pretty disappointed. I had heard this place hyped up by some friends and was really looking forward to trying it out. Even checked out some of the other people's pics and I had to say the pics looked pretty impressive. Well then I got here. With the friend who hyped it up I might add, and I gotta say what a let down.  No wagyu/Kobe beef sushi. No salmon belly. The sushi to rice ratio was pretty sorry as well. I was expecting a hell of a lot more. In actuality, I'm giving the stars primarily for the AYCE mochi ice cream and the pork belly. Those were pretty damn good. But the sushi was average at best. Now I'm not sure if I got there on a bad day, what the deal was but it was a letdown. I'll give it a shot on another day maybe but the sushi I was served looked nothing like the pictures that I seen people post on here.
2	What a disappointment. I came here about two months ago and had a wonderful experience. I was so excited to go back to Goyemon and introduce this to my friends but instead I left disappointed, unsatisfied and embarrassed! The sushi was not fresh - they didn't even have the Wagyu/Kobe beef and the waitress wasn't very friendly. In fact, the she seemed really annoyed to be there. When I asked questions about the sushi rolls, she literally rolled her eyes! Not only did I leave unhappy, I was so embarrassed how I hyped this place up to my friends. They weren't impressed either. It looks I won't be coming back here for a while. I hope they step up their game. Sigh. I guess I'm back to looking for a new AYCE sushi bar when I'm in Vegas.The only good thing about this place is that the dessert (mochi ice cream) is AYCE.
4	Came in w/ a friend around lunch time for their ayce. Love the dim ambiance here. As for the food, their nigiri here compared to other ayce around the valley is the best - the ratio of fish and rice is perfect! The fish here tastes very yummy, and the cuts are large & dense. One thing I didn't like though was their specialty rolls :( Ordered a few half specialty rolls & I didn't think any tasted unique or really good. I drowned my sorrows eating red bean ice cream to mask the taste from forcefully eating certain rolls.. LOL I'll just stick to nigiri, hand rolls, anything eel, and dessert here. I regret not waiting for their dinner ayce instead. I wanted to try their uni and sweet shrimp nigiri, as well as their green tea desserts (cake, creme brulee) but they were dinner only! Oh well, next time.Our server was friendly, she refilled waters and such without us asking in a timely matter. However, the time to wait for our orders was EXTREMELY SLOW especially when restaurant wasn't even packed today. Thankfully the time limit for ayce didn't apply to us but if it did, then we'd only have 2 orders .__." Maybe new sushi chefs? Idk.As the receptionist handed our checks, we were offered their stamp cards, which I would've forgot if he didn't remind me! After ten ayce, the eleventh is free. They do have a expiration date of one year. So it is pretty much treating yourself out every month :p Their stamp cards also works at Sushi-Mon. I live closer to Sushi-Mon but my school is closer to Goyemon, so that's perfect! We'll be back :)
5	This place is still too good to be true for me! Can`t wait to make it back to Vegas. While writing this review I have the sudden urge of driving 5hrs just for this! Goyemon had me at "ALL YOU CAN EAT." - Smart GuyWrite it down son
5	I love this place! Usually we go to Sushi Mon but this location is closer to the Strip. I've been here for both lunch and dinner and they are both equally delicious. In fact my love for this place may be just a little bit more than Sushi Mon since they give minimal rice for the sushi.Service is great. Be sure to check the board for their daily lunch/dinner specials. Get here early so you don't have to wait!The AYCE price can not be beat for the quality you get. Can't wait to be back here the next time we are in Vegas!
5	**Long story short**:Hands down, best ayce sushi I've ever been to! 45 min ordering limit (which is plenty imo) but they remind you with a last call. They have the freshest garlic ahi tuna nigiri that is a must try. About the same price as all other ayce sushi but waaaay better quality. Desserts included! Service can be a bit spotty but the sushi is so good you won't be disappointed. **Full story**:How have I not written a review for this place yet?! I guess all the partying in vegas makes me forget about the great food I eat afterwards...lol. Anyway, I've frequented this place every time I've come to vegas after I turned 21 and it is the best ayce sushi restaurant I've ever dined at and I've definitely visited my fair share! I love that this place isn't overly packed even on holiday weekends; I've been here during EDC weekend and memorial day weekend. It's definitely a hidden gem just a few minutes off the strip. The ordering system is a little different here than most other ayce sushi restaurants. Instead of giving you 3 rounds to order, they give you a 45 min limit. So you don't get a little sheet of paper that you check off, you just keep ordering from the waiters until your time is up. Your time starts when you order your first item. I haven't had a problem with this being not enough time especially since they give you a last call. However, I haven't been here when it's super packed so I can foresee that possibly being a problem for some people but haven't experienced it myself. J casually ordered the garlic ahi tuna along with the rest of our rolls and sushi not knowing that it was going to be probably the best tuna both of us have ever tasted. The tuna was so fresh it was literally ruby red and glistening as it came out. I have never seen a more appealing cut of sushi. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sushi-house-goyemon-las-vegas?select=q8fozGYfWJbBHNHrfUgAsg#UnDx5-6zuPhFOyzBufRpSw The slightly tangy sauce that dressed the tuna was perfect and didn't require any soy sauce! We ended up ordering about 10 more orders of the tuna alone LOL. The appetizers are pretty standard and the rolls are good too. If you read closely, you can find the rolls that are in smaller portions, about 4 pieces, which is great because you can try a bit of everything without getting too full. I'd definitely recommend coming here with a larger group so you can sample everything but even with only 2 people you can still try a variety of things.The price is about $25 total for lunch and if you upgrade to dinner price during lunch, you can order uni and sweet shrimp as well! I'm not a fan of either so I'm content coming here and paying less for lunch :) Anyway, definitely check this place out and TRY THE GARLIC AHI TUNA. I dream about that stuff man.
4	The service was good but the food was great!  Sushi was fresh and the green tea flan was delicious!
4	This is my hands down favorite ayce sushi spot in all of vegas. I never leave disappointed and I know the menu by heart. The only downside is depending on the time you go their may or may not be a wait, however they have integrated this "text you when your table is ready" system which is actually quite convenient. I mean the service isn't really all that great, but it is also not that bad so i'll live. Definitely one of the better spots to grab sushi in vegas.
1	This place blows anus.Small portions, awful service, and just the worst. If you like sushi come to francisco and I'll take to the best spot in town.
4	I've gone here the last few times in Vegas with my friends.Must say, quality is good and the cuts if sushi are cute and small, but it is ayce. My favorites are:-Salmon-yellowtail-White tunaGood selection and service is very fast and efficient. My go to sushi place in Vegas.
3	Avid sushi lover & this was our second visit. We should have stuck with our regular go-to sushi joint.  The service was slacking & portion size of the fish was so tiny compared to others we've tried. It was just an ok experience rather than a good one. Not so much of the hype & not worth the wait at midnight on a Wednesday.
1	Horrible service! Totally diappointed. I know they probably dont care negative review because so many people come here. I know they are busy but doesn't mean you can ignore cuatomers who wait in line for over 20 mins just try to put the name down. And some people just cut the line and go up to put the name down and totally got ignored by the lady!!!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas!!! Would definitely go back again
5	Only place I would eat sushi and other great japanese sides. Sushi are always fresh and comes in bite size. We also love the salmon collar, pork belly, shiitake mushroom, and all their specials. This has become our 'must eat' place whenever we come to Vegas. Highly recommended for everyone. With the amount of food devoured, it's totally worth the price :)
3	I know not everybody comes for the sweet shrimp and uni, but I do.  It's Sunday 5:45pm and they are out of uni. Seriously? Its not even 6 yet. And we asked our waitress if we can get two orders of sweet shrimp sushi since they are out of uni, and the waitress gave us a short answer, "no." And that was it.  I come to this place every time I'm Vegas, but I don't know if I will return after this.Dessert time - another server is serving us and now they are out of green tea and red bean ice cream (which is all they have) and tempura ice cream.  She said its year end so they are out food.... So, how often does your restaurant stock up ...?
5	Best AYCE sushi buffet!!!The wait is long because the restaurant is very small.I think the capacity of seats were only 60 people, if I saw it correctly.  But being small allows the staff to be more attentive, which was great!The wait was around 90 minutes, but it was worth the wait.  Also, they have an awesome system that allows you to track your standing.It's different from other AYCE buffets.  The servers still come and take your order and all you have to do is stuff your faces lol.  The quality of food is awesome.Everything on their menu was fresh and enjoyable.Some of the ones that we enjoyed the most were the fresh salmon nigiris, shrimp tempera, eel, 911, and something ruby roll.  Make sure you get the half(4pieces) orders so you can try as many as you can. Seriously, I think I was so stuffed to the point I felt sick... which I don't recommend but it was definitely worth the visit.  Will probably make it our go to place in vegas! Oh, and don't forget the Mochi ice cream and Lychee sorbet!!! Perfect ending to the meal.
2	ack.  cant give it more than two stars.  the poor staff was overworked, and that impeded my ability to order, out of common courtesy.  we sat at the bar, and the sushi chef had to handle orders from five people at the bar AND orders from the restaurant.  it just made it uncomfortable to keep ordering.  for once, i left an ayce sushi place feeling just okay full. they also did not have uni for the day and declined to offer an extra order of sweet shrimp per person.  was def looking forward to uni.the fish is fresh but sliced a bit thin.  quality is decent.  hotate was topped off with yuzu which was excellent.handrolls seem like a good deal, as the specialty rolls had too high a ratio of rice to fish.
1	Went back a few weeks ago. Not sure if the owner changed or what. The service is not the same, the menu have complete changed. It takes about 20 minutes to get 1 order out to us, and the sushi chef always give you attitudes. (Mind you that I set at the sushi bar). Will definitely not be returning.
3	Came here for dinner w/ the fam last night because of the reviews my sister saw here on Yelp.Got here around 5:15, and got seated right away. Not too long after we started eating, did the wait go from 0 to an hour and a half! Guess we walked in at just the right time.Food came pretty quickly. My sister even said her "ecstasy roll" was the best sushi she's had in a super long time! Sushi was good and fresh, but the salmon collar I ordered was nothing like I've ever tasted. Over cooked and dry, makes for not a happy foodie. Mom and dad both ordered a salmon dinner special, and both their salmon came out the same as the collar. We were a bit disappointed, seeing as this IS a sushi house.  Service was friendly, ambience is nice, and the sushi was good. I'd come back despite the salmon fail, I just wouldn't order it again.
5	My favorite ayce sushi joint in town. They don't take reservations and are always busy so plan accordingly. Great selection of sushi and other Japanese cuisine.
5	Amazing food. Excellent service. Make sure to get the bar seats. Get everything in half order if possible so that you can try as much as possible. Don't forget to get mochi n lychee sorbet for dessert after the meals. Prepare yourself, 60 minutes is plenty to get into foood cooooma. XD
4	I love this place! They have a wide selection of sushis that are not mainstream. They also have other dishes that are included in the AYCE menu, compared to other restaurants who offer extra, or offer "non-sushi" dishes, ala carte. I always come here often with family and friends as I think that the food is always worth the price. Due to its popularity, there is always a long wait before you get seated especially during dinner time.
5	SUPER FRESH ALL-YOU-CAN EAT SUSHI :DBite size little balls of deliciousness! The menu is extensive from appetizers, udon, tempura, speciality rolls, sashimi, and dessert! They also have daily specials which they only have a limited amount! When I went they had cooked tuna jaw and salmon belly sashimi. Both were super fresh and tasty. What I really like about this place is that they don't overstuff you with rice like I feel like most places do. I am going to mention what I can remember because I feel like the food just kept coming. Scallop: You have to try the raw scallop. It was SOO perfect, it just melted in your mouth. Uni: I tried Uni for the first time here and that was AMAZING! Sadly you are limited to 2 pieces of Uni per person.  Fried spicy tuna: I forgot what this is called, but its spicy tuna on rice fried to perfection. It is one of the appetizers. So tasty! It is fried just slightly to add a little crunch to your bite. Salmon Belly: This was a special that day which was very yummy! So moist and melted in your mouth! Tuna Jaw: It was baked I think? It was veryyyyy tasty! This was a special of the day.Sashimi Salad: yummy!! Nice portion of greens and raw fish on top.Seaweed salad: can never go wrong with seaweed salad :]Edamame: There is an option between garlic and regular. I didn't really like the garlic soysauce one. Go for the regular!Octopus: Not that great, it was chewy, but isn't it always??...And on to desserts! There were so many choices from green tea ice cream, red bean ice cream, sherbert, green tea creme brule, vanilla ice cream, green tea mochi, tempura ice cream. I think I am missing a few, but there were so many options!! The green tea ice cream and creme brule were both yummy!! Others said the green tea mochi was good too! The tempura ice cream was just plain vanilla with a thick batter. The batter was too thick and not really tempura fried.. so I wouldn't get that again. The service was also phenomenal! The food came out quickly each time we ordered and waitress was always very friendly and attentive! This is a gem off the strip of Vegas! $27 such a steal!!
5	My favorite AYCE place in Vegas. They don't short you on fish, they don't give you huge pieces of rice with your sushi to save money, they don't slow the service down to prevent you from ordering more, and the food's delicious. Around $27 per person for dinner and $22 per person for lunch. PRO TIP FOR FATTIES LIKE US: if you order a crap ton of sushi like my family does then sit at the table and not the sushi bar. Sitting at the sushi bar means you order direct from the sushi chef which can be awkward if you place multiple big orders. We sit at the table and place our order from the server which is less awkward. The only downside is the wait is crazy long on weekends. They also ran out of uni one evening (included in the dinner price) and wouldn't compensate for this in some way whether through an extra order of sweet shrimp or anything.If you download their waitlist app you can check how many parties are before you. They call or text parties when their table is ready so most parties wait in their car. Don't be fooled by the empty front desk: there are usually dozens of parties before you.
4	I love this place! Their fish is fresh and their food is great. But the proportions have gotten little smaller I must say, especially in their sushi department. The rice is the size of my thumb! And I have pretty small hands.Also, the wait time for the sushi gets really long when it's a full house. But the server was attentive, quick, and helped us get more orders in by telling us that it will be a longer wait with sushi. They are pretty lenient about the AYCE times, which was nice because the orders took a while. I will be back!
4	One restaurant, 5 words: ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI for less than $30 a person? I'll book my flight back now.Ok back to the review. Sushi House Goyemon is a small sushi restaurant outside of the Vegas strip (but not too far). This is how it works, they have a la carte options but they also have their all you can eat option. If you like sushi, the all you can eat is a decent deal. It's about $27.00 for dinner and you can order as much sushi as you want. It's not just sushi. You can also order soup, salads, and even desserts are included on the menu. They do charge extra for leftovers so be mindful of what you order. The sushi itself is delicious. It's fresh, made to order, and comes out in a decent pace. I would recommend keeping track of what you order, especially if you're in a large party. We were in a large party and our orders got mixed up. It was an accident and they apologized but definitely something to keep in mind. Like I mentioned, Goyemon is small and there is a wait on weekends and holidays. So be prepared to wait. It's worth it, but definitely factor in wait time when you come to Goyamen. They also have a time limit of 1-2 hours if you decide to do the all you can eat option. Factoring in everything, it's still a great deal and delicious food. If you like sushi and are in Vegas, definitely stop at Goyemon.
2	Came here with my boyfriend two nights ago for dinner because of the many reviews there are about the place, but we were so disappointed with the service. We had AYCE sushi, meaning we were obviously going to be ordering quite often, except we were barely tended to. We had to look at the hostesses at the host stand every time we were ready to order more because the servers weren't coming to the table. Most restaurants you go to, you know who your main server is, but that wasn't the case here; there was a different person taking and bringing our orders each time. An improvement in their serving method would help a whole lot here.
2	To be honest, I don't understand why this place is so busy. Most of the sushi was eh, but some were not good at all. I love nigiri, but I wanted to spit out the tuna because it tasted way too old. The salmon roll was difficult to swallow as well. The service was HORRIBLE! The WORST service I have ever had at a sushi place. All the tables near us had their orders mixed up or the order never came. A huge waste of time when they have an hour time limit for AYCE. The presentation of the sushi was also horrible. They were messy, some had fallen apart, and some of the fish looked like it had been cut with safety scissors. The food is not inedible, but save your money and go somewhere else for much better sushi at the same price.
