5	With full on humility I share this: my skin has been complimented dozens of times - by ladies, by dudes, by dudes who look like ladies, family, friends, frenemies, total strangers, etc. - I consider myself very fortunate to be the recipient of supple skin. Moving right along...I hit the big three-OHHH a few months ago. Total believer that prevention is the best medicine I decided I needed to step up my skincare regime if I want to continue to age well. Enter Bamboo & Silk Esthetique. This boutique spa offers skincare treatments (facials and peels), hair removal services (waxing, threading, and sugaring), and top notch products (Sircuit Skin and PCA Skin brands) to aid in taking care of your skin at home between visiting Bamboo & Silk Esthetique. I go to Bamboo & Silk every 4-6 weeks for a facial. I've had 3 different ones and every single time leave feeling and (face) looking like a million dollars. Prior to opening Bamboo & Silk she was the #1 esthetician at a very posh, very well-known salon/spa in town and you can feel the 10+ years of experience every step of the way. From the moment I walk in I feel at ease, relaxed, and completely confident I'm in for a treat. She does a pre and post consult/discussion to pinpoint any specific areas of concern you may have and how to effectively treat said issues, if any. Sugaring. Very similar to waxing but in lieu of sticky and messy wax that can leave those w sensitive or very fair skin red afterwards this method of hair removal uses an all-natural room temperature paste made of sugar, lemon, honey, and maybe 1 or 2 other ingredients. I've been sugared 10+ times here and am still fascinated by the "goo" being manipulated by the esthetician's hands through her gloves. She applies the paste over area to be sugared, puts pressure on it, and gently peels it off like silly putty. It does not hurt, does not sting, does not echo the scene in "40 Year Old Virgin" in which Steve Carell maligns Kelly Clarkson's name. Scheduling appointments is a breeze thanks to the Facebook page and Spa Booker site. Email confirmation of appointment, receipt, and reminder of next appointment all promptly sent. Try it out for yourself or gift someone you care about to a visit. Referral discounts applicable and no, you don't need to mention me specifically when you make your first appointment (^_^)
5	I have been seeing Debbie for my waxing since I moved to Charlotte eight years ago. Prior to opening her own spot, she worked at a high-end spa uptown. If you need waxing or sugaring, Bamboo & Silk is a must! She uses the highest quality products and it is about as painless as waxing can be. If you're in a rush, she can accommodate your schedule...clearly having mastered working at a large spa!Facials are good too, but I primarily go for waxing.I tried out several places in Charlotte before finding her, and I'm so glad I did. Trust me, I get EVERYTHING waxed, and you want to go somewhere where people know what they are doing and can do it quickly and perfectly. Bamboo & Silk is that place!
5	Today I was a first timer with Debbie as I scheduled a brazilian sugar wax and baby doll eyelash service. I had previously visited another boutique; however, she left the state and I was worried that I would not find someone as good as my former professional, but was extremely satisfied and pleasantly surprised during and after my visit.Debbie is a real professional. She knows what she's doing and is very personable.  I'm scratching my head wondering why there aren't more reviews. Scheduling my 2nd appointment now. PS-VERY convenient.
5	I found Debbie on Yelp and she was amazing!!!  Easy parking, easy to get to, and she was so warm/welcoming.  She whipped through a brazilian in no time and was a delight to chat with.  I will be back for a facial and waxing.
5	I first found Debbie about a year ago when my face decided to debut full on adult acne. I was nervous to let anyone see my face up close, let alone diagnose the probable cause. Within the first five minutes of meeting me, Debbie was able to pin point what the systemic problem was. The facial was beyond amazing. I didn't know my face could be so clean! I have continued to receive facials from Deborah that are not only invigorating, but also deeply relaxing. Her sweet and positive sprit make the whole experience a treat! Her products are also top notch. i used a three step process that helped restore balance and moisture to my skin. Over the past year, Debbie has been an excellent source of information and a compassionate ally in helping my skin. I would highly recommend her to anyone that is seeking an above average spa treatment!
5	Today was my first time with Debbie for some Brazilian sugaring. I was so pleased! Her "shop" is in a beautiful old home where other "spa" services are offered. Her area is large and spacious and clean. Her chair is also the most comfortable I've ever been on. She made me feel so comfortable. We chatted the entire time (which really helps to distract from any pain!). And she did a great job! Didn't use any tweezers...because there were no hairs left behind! Will definitely be going back! Just wish she had a frequent flyer program since I plan on being a regular.
5	I have had a difficult time finding a decent Brazilian waxer in Charlotte. I have had some very unpleasant experiences soI decided to try sugaring. Debbie is amazing. She is quick, painless & very personable.Her studio is clean & great availability. I highly recommend her!
