2	I hate to be the first to review this with such a negative rating, unfortunately opening day did not do the place justice.  I understand that opening on a Friday night has its perks - lots of business, great way to show your nightlife capabilities - and show off in general, fresh crowds and new people to bring in and form into regulars, etc, etc, however if you're going to open on a Friday and be understaffed, it's not going to go very smooth.  My fiance and I showed up around 7pm and were sat promptly outside with no wait, which was nice considering all of the people that were in the bar area.  We didn't notice anything suspicious, everything seemed to be in good order and the place was spotless as far as cleanliness goes.  Then we sat down with the menus and were left alone without a drink order.  10 minutes later, our waitress showed up and took our orders - Arnold Palmer and a Port Brewing Wipeout IPA.  Another 10 minutes passes and the Arnold Palmer and two waters show up, but no beer.  Apparently they're out of most of their craft draft and bottled beer due to their soft opening the night before.  Okay, I guess I'll order something else.  The waitress excuses herself before I can order a different beer and I watch as she takes orders from 5 other tables around us, runs to the bar and kitchen twice before returning with another Arnold Palmer.  I order a Ska beer. "Which one? We have two."  I know, bring me whichever one you have available right now.  She smiles and trots away before we can order food.  We sat for another 15 minutes before my fiance went up to the bar to order me a beer.  The waitress passed us three more times before she brought out a beer for me, Ska Pinstripe red ale in a bottle.  With no glass.  But at least she stuck around long enough for us to order some food.Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against sucking down a beer straight from the bottle, but I wasn't exactly drinking a Corona or a Bud Lite.  Even then, don't most sports bars - and bars/restaurants in general - provide a glass with a canned or bottled beer?  I can even look past if the glass is frosted (yes, I am a beer snob, it happens to be my line of work), but to have no option of drinking out of a glass seems a little...odd to me.  I chalked it up to it being opening night, again, but I was finally beginning to run out of patience when our food still hadn't arrived another 30 minutes later.  I think the kicker for me was that the waitress kept zooming past us and offering up"Just another 2 minutes!" "It'll be out soon!" "I think it's because you ordered the fillet that it's taking so long..." "Thanks for hanging in there!" "2 more minutes!" without stopping to refill drinks or ask if we needed anything else.  I actually regretted not ordering appetizers, though we might have been there another half hour.10 minutes (seemed to be the trend of the night - I know, I know, opening night) later, I get the other beer my fiance ordered at the bar (Ska Modus Hoperandi), though the bartender was nice enough to give it to me on the house for waiting so long.  I could go on and on about how it took us close to an hour and a half to get our food, but in the end, we did get what we ordered (even after our waitress showed up with the next table's food convinced it was ours) and it wasn't half bad.  It is not food I would graciously wait an hour and a half for, but it was satisfying.  I ordered the fillet (I believe it's called Dennis' Fillet) cooked medium with prosciutto wrapped asparagus (which seemed pretty ritzy for a sports bar menu - but then it came with ranch and all was right with the world), and I received a slightly dry medium-well steak with blanched asparagus rested on some thick slices of...ham.  Don't get me wrong, the food had flavor, just not an hour and a half's worth.  Fiance got the blackened Cajun chicken sandwich with a side of pasta salad - the chicken had a nice kick, probably could've been seared a little more so the spices were more ingrained, but you won't hear any complaints about the pasta salad.  It had more flavor than most of my meal combined.  All in all, the place has some fantastic potential, the location is spot on for being in downtown Chandler, and by the time we left, there was a little bit of a wait for people to get in to eat while the bar area was jam packed.  I plan on revisiting in a month or so to see if they can get their act together and find their groove.  All of the people who served us, save for our waitress, were very courteous and helpful - even if at a snail's pace, though they didn't like hearing that we weren't 100% satisfied with our table service (hey, they asked!).  I'm sure this place will pick up some supportive regulars and turn out to be an awesome joint, just give it a little bit of time before you head in there, or at least be prepared to spend 2+ hours of your patience on the staff.
4	Met a business colleague here. Apparently there was some confusion about their grand opening. They changed from a "soft" opening (friends and family only) to a grand opening on June 3th. Threw me off a bit.Walked in and immediately impressed - smiles on all the employees faces and pleasantly greeted. The owners no doubt spared no expense (granite counters, gorgeous tile floors, TVs in bathrooms, stainless steel everything, gorgeous bar area) For being open 4 days it was pretty full - I went for a Monday lunch.Our waitress was cordial and helpful, since it had been years last time I visited in downtown phoenix.The menu was limited - they had a sheet printed out. perhaps. This is going to be a negative for some people. Would have been better to wait a little longer and come out with the full menu.Nice 80s background music that was enjoyable too listen to - not too soft, not too loud. Noise level in the restaurant overall was good (I could hear what my colleague was saying)I ordered a "Monday" blue burger (only $7 on Monday) and a Mr. Pibb. The burger was outstanding - the time it took to get it wasn't. About 16 minutes from order to arriving at my table (ordered a medium burger).They had ketchup but no mustard on the table, and did not have fresh pepper in stock. Also waitress didn't put my colleague's dressing on the side as requested. I asked for no onion on my burger but found one thereWaitress could have checked on us a little more, but she did ok overall.Tab for friend and I came to $18.95, very good for lunch at a place like this.if it wasn't for slow service this would be a 5-star place.
2	Stopped in with my wife for happy your on Tuesday.  Very good service!  I was disappointed in the domestic draft prices, however.  $3 for a 14 ounce beer during happy hour is a little steep compared to the prices in the area.  this is the way McDuffy's started out until they learned the clientele (remember - Chandler isn't scottsdale!).  We tried a couple of appetizers as well.  The spinach mozzarella deep fried spring rolls were OK - not much spinache and an inordinate amount of garlic - but pretty good.  We also tried the Italian nachos as they sounded like a good change from the standard fare.  They seemd OK at first until my wife said they reminded her of Totino's Party Pizza.  The resemblance was uncanny!  Anyway, we didn't finish them or take them home.  The decor and layout were outstanding - I hope once the full menu is available and they realize that tap beer is the cheapest lost leader in town that it will become more of an attractive hangout for us locals.  We'll be back, but not as often as I had hoped.
4	Love this new spot in downtown Chandler! The atmosphere is great and I love the high quality decor. The staff is so friendly and really on top of things. On a side note...I think they only hire very good looking men...and I am so OK with that! I've been here for lunch and the owner gave us a taste of their famous Lobster Bisque. It was delicious!!! Big chucks of lobster in a rich creamy broth. It was so good I ended up ordering a cup of it with a house salad ($7 on the lunch menu). What you get is not a cup, but a BOWL of bisque. It was a very yummy and filling lunch. I have also been to C&W for happy hour. it is for 3-6pm and they have good specials. There are lots of tv's for watching your faveorite sport.I will most certainly be a regular!BTW they are now serving their full menu.
5	It's Burger Monday! That means $7.00 burgers all day at Coach & Willies. The burgers are cooked to order and include cheese, lots of cheese! This was one of the better burgers I have had in a long time. I got the pasta salad as my side and it was unexpectedly delicious!! Great way to start the week!
3	If I were rating the environment alone it would be a 4.  The place is pretty cool inside and if you go in on a week night its a cool place to chill and have a drink.Now to the food menu.  I've had a few of the menu items as I haven't given up yet. The fries are not good, they are fresh cut and the waitress I had the last time compared them to In and Out.....not even close.  After we said something to her she stated "I know they can be soggy that's why I always order them extra done".....geez that would have been good to know before hand.  I wish they had another fry opition. Had their pasta with alfredo sauce, very bland it needs something to add flavor, the chicken strips are not even average.  Tried the flat bread pizza, I've had better. Just keep searching for one really good food item.  I would give the food a 2.5 for bar food but the place is really cool inside.
3	I was tantalized to visit on a livingsocial deal or otherwise I probably wouldn't have considered this establishment.To begin, the decor is pleasing and all the TVs give it a great sports bar feel.  Luckily when I went it wasn't very crowded so it was still quite.  It was nice and clean.The menu is extensive but they are a little price for a sports bar.  I ordered the BACA burger with fries.  The burger was good but the fries were soggy and limp.  They were quite gross for a $12.5 burger and fries plate.  The steak salad wasn't too bad either but the selection of dressing left something to be desired.  The $3 house cab was fantastic.  If you do happen to make it during happy hour, they have some decent deals.I really wanted to like this place because it's close and I love the new feel of it, but I can't justify spending as much as I did for mediocre food.  There are much better places out there to spend my hard earned money.
5	It just keeps getting better! Last night I had the Bacon Crusted Mac n' Cheese. HOLY CRAP!! It is amazing! One of the owners told me they actually make their own pasta...hello! The pasta was perfectly cooked and topped with a jalapeno bacon and green chili crust. I just reheated my leftovers and it was just as amazing. This place is going to make me fat! :)
2	I really want to like Coach and Willies - Downtown Chandler needs more options.  This was actually the second time we came in here, but the first time was such a quick visit and so not memorable, it wasn't worth the time to yelp it.Thursday should be a pretty good night for going out, and when we got there, it was pretty packed. They must have some kind of senior discount/early bird special, or a casino bus broke down out side, because for a sports bar, there were a lot of geriatrics chowing down.  We checked the sign again to make sure we hadn't accidentally wondered in to a Luby's by mistake.Service was fair.  Not terrible wait times for order taking and drink delivery, but even with the place mostly full, I've seen better.  I will add that I REALLY wanted that beer, so any wait was hard to bear.Food: Meh.  Kevin had the Black and Blue burger, which he said was good - I didn't try it but it looked like they just dumped some blue cheese dressing on top of a regular burger.I had the "Prime Time" prime rib sandwich.  It said as jus and horseradish, which I was super excited about.  When my sandwich came, I thought they brought me a Philly cheese-steak by accident.  The good thing is, the meat was kept nice and warm by the thick layer of melted plastic cheese over the top.  I eagerly scanned my plate for the as jus - the WHOLE reason I ordered it, and GASP! It was not there! Had some nefarious person stolen my dipping juice?  After about 5 minutes, I was able to flag down our server (who was not who brought the food out) and ask about it.  Apparently, C&W Sticks the As jus INSIDE the sandwich for you.  This simultaneously deprived me of the joy of dipping, and made my sandwich soggy.  They did bring me a side of the as jus, which was fair at best.  Also, I had to really search for the horseradish, it was like they just waved the sandwich near it, rather than put any on it directly.....or maybe the as jus washed it away as they soggified the bun?  Who knows.What I do know is that I was really underwhelmed with everything, the prices, the meal, the service. I'd much rather take my money across the street to San Tan or Murphy's Law then hang out in C&W again.  The best thing in there were some neat framed jerseys, except I don't give a crap about sports.
3	The first time we had come here the beer on draft was ridiculously priced and the pizza was not worth what we were charged. I had just felt like i didn't have enough of my own idea on the place to know how i felt about writing a review right off the bat.  So we had gone a 2nd time a couple months later.  We had gone with our friends and it was pretty late night for a monday  but they had a good deal on the beer from what i remember to where we would only go back late at night for beer.  What i did happen to love was the italian nachos  and the spinach and artichoke dip had great flavor. I am just not a huge fan of soupy dips.  The two together was enough to feed 4 people which was great! I want to go back just for those two things again and to try a few more things on the menu that i think the owner that it was that recommended things to us.
3	An early night out at Coach & Willie's on Saturday night.  Some concert was going on downtown, but even then parking by Coach & Willie's was not tough to get.  We sat out on the patio as the place was really packed.  Didn't help that we came on a ASU game night.  The crowd was a lively, fun bunch.  We came here from drinks after having dinner, so I can not say anything about their food other than it smelled and looked great.  My group ate some chicken wings at the end of the night, but I didn't try them.  A good deal for drinks- $5 bucket of beers.  I don't drink beer so I ordered a mixed drink- standard pricing there.  I would definitely come back some time for the atmosphere, people watching, and to try other their food.
2	Service was good.  Food was tasty.  Very pricey.  $10 for wings and $12 for a burger is pretty outrageous.  Very loud, but great TV setup for watching games.  My biggest complaint is they advertise free wi-fi and then they make it impossible to use.  Never did get online after asking the waitress several times and given bad login information. Oh and I guess they have TVs in the men's bathroom, but not the women's.  What's up with that?  Will try somewhere else next time.
4	I read the other reviews wondered what all the complaints were about. Coach and Willie's is a first-class sports bar:  upscale decor, delicious food and the most-friendly and knowledgeable waitress who couldn't have been more helpful.  We arrived for happy hour and everything was a real bargain. Plus, you can actually HEAR the games at the various TV screens scattered generously around the place.
2	Been to this loaction twice now.  Food was ok but not for the price i paid for it.  They must be REAL proud of their food & drink....The part that really got me was I brought both of my kids with me on the 2nd visit and they ordered off the "kids menu"?  Anyhow, the kids didnt like the food (not thats its coach and willie's fault but kids are picky) as it was a little to gourmet for kids.  However, to charge me for the kids meal and then $3 each for a "kids" drink was crazy.  It ended up costing me $10 for each kid for mac & cheese and a drink.  Usually most resturants include a kids drink with price of kids meal on the kids menu???  Anyhow, if your going to drink beer and watch a game it looks like it would be ok for that but very pricey for what you get....Not likely ill go back even to watch a game and throw down some drinks with the fellas!
1	This place was a major disappointment. We had heard a lot of good things from a lot of different people so we decided to try it out. We sat at a table in the cocktail area for about five minutes before our server came over. Instead of greeting us kindly, she flatly said "what are you having?" Umm, not a good first impression. Let's just say the service didn't get any better from there on out. Since this place is located right across from san tan brewery, you would expect a sports bar to at least have good drink prices. A 20oz bud light was like $5 or $6. And it got worse from there. We stuck with water. The food SOUNDED good. I ordered a side caesar salad and one of their specialty pizzas (the great white pie). My husband ordered their "famous" lobster bisque and a burger (the baca loca). My caesar salad had virtually no dressing, ONE crouton, zero cheese, way too much parsley, and instead of romaine lettuce it was huge pieces of green leaf that I had to cut up myself because the kitchen didn't take the time to. My husband's lobster bisque was okay.. definitely no need to call it famous. When we finally got our entrees, it was another major disappointment. My pizza was disgusting. The crust had zero flavor and was way too chewy. The whole thing tasted pretty bland. My husband ordered his burger medium rare and came out well done and was super chewy. He's a big eater and didn't even bother finishing it. Needless to say, I don't think we'll ever return to Coach and Willies.
3	OK atmosphere, ok food, run-of-the-mill bar selection.  Def try the meatballs though.
4	I went into Coach and Willies with very low expectations of it basically being typical bad (greasy) bar food.  Wow, was I ever shocked and surprised.  We started with the Italian Nachos, and they were super tasty.  Even my two year old daughter got in on the fun.  Lots of yummy mozzarella cheese and pizza sauce.  My main course was the full size Sherry's Spinach & Chicken Salad.  My first thought when they brought it out was that it was the 1/2 size portion, but when I checked it was the full size.  The salad was excellent, but the portion size seemed smaller than other restaurants especially for the $11 price.  My girlfriend got the lobster bisque, and wow was that ever amazingly tasty.  We had decided to share so that we could get both.  While this was incredibly tasty, the full bowl was a very rich and large serving so in the future think a cup would do.  The other thing we tried were their sliders.  Tuesday nights they have a $2 slider special.  WOW.  Were those things every amazingly tasty.  We ordered two of each of the meat/cheese and jalapeno ones.  We ended up with the pizza and jalapeno ones, but wow they were both amazingly tasty and not greasy.If you are looking for great food with a slightly higher price where you can watch sports, this is certainly the place.  I do suspect when there are things going on downtown Chandler, that parking will be an issue.I only had two complaints.  1.  Most of the tables they had were the tall bar tables.  If you have smaller kids, this translates into longer wait times.  Even thought they had tables open, we had to wait for a short table.  A fidgety two year old has no business in a boaster seat in a high bar chair with hard tile under it.2.  While the food was exceptional, they didn't seem to be staffed for the amount of crowd that they had.  Our server mentioned that they had to call in extra people to handle the rush.  I always remember the week of a holiday being busy...
5	Came here a few weeks ago with my wife & 6 year old. We sat in the "box" which is a cool little side room and had the Lobster Bisque (WONDERFUL!), great local brews (SanTan Brewery!), and the baked Mac & Cheese, which is so wonderful. It was a little loud as the other person said but what do you expect? I've been back twice since. I started coming here Sunday mornings at 8am to work. They have really fast free wifi (I use to go across the street to Murphy's Law but they've gotten so bad over there!). The breakfasts are just ok. My heart attack had runny eggs when I wanted them well but that's just my thing. The waitresses are awesome. Janeen is a dream and Danielle's been cool. There's two others who I don't know their names... The owner/manager men are really cool. Comped a drink when the price was wrong, put the game on I wanted, and even turned on the sound for MY game (Murphy's Law and RT OSullivan's always refuses to do that!). [Sure hope they open this early in the spring on Sundays!!!]I come now, the manager greets me, I get local SanTan drinks, and order the Mac&Cheese. I choose a smaller table out of the main area because I literally will sit there and grade/work for 5+ hours. They're good to their own. Prices may be a little higher than others but  you pay for what you get. Keep it coming! My only gripe might be is that Eric Stoltz (co-owner) hasn't shown up to sign an autograph & have a beer with me :)
4	I totally love Coach and Willie's. They have a great atmosphere & the wait staff have been really friendly and prompt each time I've been in there. I've been there more as a lunch spot than a nighttime hangout. At lunchtime, the place is pretty full, but not too full that the staff are overworked and unable to provide great service. The food is definitely above average... delicious actually. The biggest downside is the price at Coach & Willies. It's a bit too expensive. But obviously not too bad because I keep going back :)
4	great atmosphere, good happy hour, and pretty decent food. what more could you want from a local bar? located on the corner of Boston and Arizona, C&W is a pretty niced sized place with lots of bar seating and a dining area that you could bring your kids to if you really wanted. i really love the large, bay windows that they open when its nice outside and the comfy chairs that you can sink into after a long day of work.bars on tap are pretty much on par with any other bar in the area. they do serve some four peaks ale so extra points for that. their wine list isnt too extensive but they do have a really decent selection of hard liquors. food is also good here. look for their nightly specials. when i came here with violeta h. we had an awesome pizza/salad/drink combo for two at a really reasonable price. i've also had most of their appetizer menu and really love the italian nachos (maybe because i was a little tipsy by then, but they were delicious!).i definitely recommend this place as the first stop of the night before you head off to the other bars in the area. its a good venue to relax, get some food in your belly, and start off with your first drinks before you head off for some debauchery :).
4	Understand what this place is before you go. If you don't love sports and have an ADD/sports fan date, don't expect much conversation. There are even TVs in the bathroom. But food seems good and I like the location, right on a main corner in downtown Chandler.
4	Had a cheeseburger (coach &willie burger) with Swiss cheese, fries, and a blue moon. Burger was excellent - perfectly cooked, juicy pink in middle, cheese melted, and bun was great. Burger tasted like it was grilled over wood fire - great flavor.  Fries were perfect. Bartender was friendly and attentive. I have been there twice in a the last 10 days, and both times the food was excellent.  C&W will definitely be in my regular visits for dinner.
3	Downtown Chandler has needed a sports bar with a bunch of tv's like this. It's a good spot to watch some games and the UFC fights. The lounge area is pretty nice but always reserved so walk-in parties we've had have had to go elsewhere a couple times already.Lunch is my most common time to visit here... having a party of over 5 sometimes becomes a time issue; lately it's been better but we stopped going for a while because of the length of time to eat lunch pay and get out.  Their food is really good but the consensus is that it's all a little overpriced. Burger Monday's you get a $7 (if you don't modify it) burger w/ fries but most lunches will run you about $12-$15 + tip.We've had a couple of events in their side room and those have gone well. The management, when around, are very nice and seem to keep things moving more quickly than when they're not present. Some local beers and fairly decent happy hours make it the only but the best sports bar in downtown Chandler. Not awesome but it works.
5	Came to C&Ws for lunch and had the Prime Time sandwich (see photo) with lobster bisque for an appetizer. Wow. That was a good meal. The lobster bisque was a great meal by itself - big chunks of lobster with a great flavor.  The sandwich was really good. The meat itself was fairly standard, but the combination of the roll, cheese and au jus was perfect. They carry real horseradish which makes a nice topper. They also carry creamy h,  but what's the point?Our server Whitney was great - friendly, helpful and fast. She made sure my glass never got empty and didn't hover too much. Honestly, I'd go back just for her service.The facility is nice - very manly. Dark woods and leather.The music was notable. It was very recent.
5	Awesome new happy hour. That's the only time I come in and I've always enjoyed it. The Italian nachos are great. Bartenders are nice. Great deals on drinks now.
4	I didnt check out the bar. But I will sometime.. So the food was amazing! I saved some for work the next day and I was very happy I did. Oh and all the waitresses arent too bad too look at :). lol but they all seem very nice. I watched a bit of march madness while in there and it was good.. lots of tvs around so i saw a few games. Ill be back for sure.
4	When walking in I did see the great manly feel of the place.  The aluminum ceiling,  exposed hvac piping, dark brown buttoned booth, sports memorabilia perfectly placed and over 20 HDTV made me feel as though I did pick the right place.The staff were awesome.  I picked the mexajita chicken sandwich with lobster bisque soup.  They brought the soup out first and it was mouth watering good.  There were huge bits of lobster throughout and was spiced just right.  Then I got my sandwich and it was just as good.  The bun was a buttered and slightly toasted bun.  And the chicken, avocado, and pico de gallon hit it off.Would surely recommend this to anyone!  Probably not kid appropriate during happy hour but for sure a place I will return!Thanks Whitney for being such a great server!
4	A midst the St Paddy's drunken craziness, Coach and Willies still managed to impress me. The food was great, the drinks were good and the service was.... not so  terrible.Since it is a bar, my food expectations were low. I ordered the Italian stallion which is a a sandwich composed of mortadella, capicola, salami, pepperoni, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, peppers, pepperonchinis, red onion and Italian vinaigrette. It.... was... fabulous! Surprisingly so, too. I have never enjoyed putting so much meat in my mouth before (pun intended) and although the sandwich was HUGE (pun intended), I somehow managed to finish the whole damn thing (pun pun and pun intended).Sex jokes aside, it really was a damn good sandwich. Add some string fries and ketchup and you have a very filling meal, prepping you for all the overdose of alcohol you plan to induce later. I do have some negative points for the car bombs and the service. They thought they would be super efficient and serve car bombs in a built-in plastic cup which contains the shot cup inside. As a lady in the bar promotions world, I can tell you that those cups are great for jager bombs but not so much car bombs- the beer curdles at the top and by the time you get it and drink it, its already disgusting.. not to mention they really do not need to be serving us drinks in plastic cups. Even after we explained how horrible the drink was, the server didn't do much about it except for a bimbo shrug. Adding with the fact that we had to hunt her down for a drink cause she was too busy flirting with the guys in the nearby chair and you have one pissed off customer.Still 4 stars because the sandwich was 6 stars. One more day with her though and I might unleash my customer fury on to her. You've been warned, lady.
4	Checked in here Tuesday night with some friends for some food and a couple beers. The sliders were really good and a deal at $2 each, the reuben was my favorite. I also had a small bowl of the lobster bisque. It was a bit salty but overall very good. They have a really good selection of beers, I had a San Tan Devils Pale ale and a Stella. The happy hour pricing was really great.
2	I really wanted to like Coach & Willies, it's nice inside.The service was terrible - good looking gals with bad attitudes that move like molasses in winter, bleh. The food?  I had a loca burger and it came with this thick layer of cheese on top of it that my steak knife could not penetrate.  The fries were shoestring fries that had been cooked way too long and were pointless to eat.  I boxed it up and then carelessly left it in my car for two days.
2	Nice look to the place, but horribly understaffed.  Our bartender didn't notice an empty glass for 10 minutes & even though we asked for menus, he never took our food order.  We gave up & left.  There's lots of competition in this area, they need to up their game if they're going to stick around.
2	The only thing that keeps me coming back is the 90 Shilling on tap which is hard to find out here in AZ (I'm a Colorado girl). Otherwise, the food is barely mediocre and very over priced for what you get. Most of the staff is more concerned with socializing than actually working. There is only one good bartender and I rarely see him there anymore. Needless to say I only go in for a few of my favorite beers and learned my lesson, NEVER order the food.
3	Coach & Willie's is neither wonderful nor awful. It's clean, the food is average (nothing spectacular) and the drinks are ok. It's a safe bet if you are in downtown Chandler, but if you're looking for something with a little more pizazz or character try some place else.
5	Their food is so good here! Try the Italian Stallion if you like italian subs, this is for you. Bread is delivered from a local bakery and it fantastically crusty. Portions are huge so be ready to share! Chili is so meaty it's enough all on it's own. Love the lobster bisque too. There is so many things to try here, burgers are perfectly cooked.
1	One things certain, that the service seems to be consistently poor.  I have heard from different people that I need to go to Coach and Willies.  Last Friday night, I finally had the opportunity to talk my husband into going.  It was somewhat late, 9:30ish and the sign said to please seat yourself.  We walked into the bar area, found a table and sat down.  There weren't that many people in there, which surprised me.  Two parties outside, 4 parties sitting in tables inside and a sprinkle of customers around the bar.   We sat there for 10 minutes waiting for somebody to come over greet us and ask us for our drink order or if we were there for dinner.  Nothing.  As a matter of fact, one of the bartenders even came out of the bar area, walked right passed us and kept going.  Really left a bad taste in my mouth.  As soon as he passed me, I looked over at my husband and said "it's obvious they don't need our business.  Come let's go."  He wanted to stay a few minutes longer and I told him "no way".  Will I go back?  Not sure.  What I do know, is they need to step it up on their customer service side or they won't stay in business.  People are dropping apretty penny there and if they want one hit wonders then they've got it.  But repeat business, highly doubtful.  Now, if they are smart, they have somebody monitoring this board to see what they're doing right and what needs to be worked on.
4	Service was quick. MAC and cheese was Yummy. I got the steak wrap and wasn't impressed with the flavor but the size of the wrap and meat was good.
4	My husband and I were walking around downtown Chandler, looking for a new restaurant to try. We stumbled across Coach & Willies, a sports bar/restaurant with class. He got the Diablo Turkey Sandwich and I got the Reuben. Delish! He wasn't a fan of the skinny crispy fries but I thought they were delish :)  The waitress was really sweet and funny and easy to talk to. I will definitely be back!
3	Great beer selection for sure.  Food is OK and so is the service.  The bartenders need some major schooling in terms of efficiency and service.  Good looking staff at the tables seems quite a bit better but not excellent.  Sometimes you are wondering if the bartenders think they are too cool to serve you.  It can be tough sometimes to find a seat but busy usually means good and fun.  Overall a pretty good beer/cocktail drinking bar in the growing down town area.  It is nice too that you can walk around and try a few other places without getting into your car here.  Just go across the street and you have plenty of options.  I would recommend the lounge like area in the back left with the soft chairs and more relaxed feel.  If you get a good waitress there you should be pretty happy with this place.
4	I only had beers here. The food coming out looked quite tasty. The crowd and staff were friendly. I will happy hr here again.
3	My husband and I come here to hang out after work every now and then and we have a good time. Food is pretty good & service is good. We did come try breakfast one day and it was horrible. Guess we'll stick to Friday evenings for dinner and drinks.
5	Coach & Willies in Chandler hosted a 5th year anniversary party for a co-worker.  They managed to feed 21 people, flawlessly, in 30 minutes.  Great food and an awesome staff. Thanks again from all of us at Vertech!
1	Overpriced, bad service.  I had a large $8 house salas which consisted of 1 1/2 cups do romaine lettuce, 1/4 of a tomato, 2 cucumber slices, and 2 slices of red onion.  Oh there were some crotons as well!   Well worth the $8!  My husband had the $11 burger plus the $2 bacon....average burger but really $13 for a burger at a bar!  I have no issues paying for good food, but this was a complete waste of $$$$.
2	I went here tonight with a work group for the first time.  We sat in the "VIP lounge" and the place was set up awkardly and left us all struggling to find a way to sit and connect.the service for the first half was terrible.  The waitress would come in and ask if we were ok as she turned to leave.  Even as I sat there with an empty glass i got not attention and had to walk out and find a waitress to serve me.The apps are kind of strange.  The hummus was over powered with garlic and onion.  The potato skins were cut awkardly and needed more toppings (especially sour cream).   The ribs were ok, but were served with a pasta salad that was impossible to share.  The stuffed cheese seemed to go over well.The beer menu was out of date.  I am not in a rush to get back.
5	Great place to hang with friends and watch a game!  We had our fantasy football draft here in the Skybox VIP room and it was awesome.  They provided everything we needeed for it (wifi, outlets) and the service was great. Try the Turkey Diablo!
1	Great place for cold fries and slow service. Fish and chips came with very good fish, nice and hot. Fries were cold and clammy and were obviously prepped earlier and/or sat around waiting for an order to come in.The wings were good though the server never brought share plates or napkins. The food runner brought the share plates and one napkin each, which I think is a bit modest for such a messy finger food. When the entrees came, we were never brought utensils or additional napkins.Maybe we could have complained but the server did not come by for over thirty minutes to clear the dirty plates,  refill our beverages or check on the table. We were on a busy aisle yet not one other staff member thought to clear our dirty plates that had been pushed to the edge of the table or refill our empty water glasses.Rather bothered that they opened the sliding doors to the patio and are allowing the patio table five feet from us to smoke.Good looking menu, okay prices but I just can't justify returning here after such a lousy experience. No manager bothered to stop by the table even after we complained to our server.
3	I decided to give this a try last week and was pleasantly surprised. The food was good the price was right and the service was quick, which was perfect for my lunch break.  I am sure I will be back again in the future.
3	Great place in downtown Chandler to grab a beer and watch the game. The wings are good and if you are looking for something a little lighter I recommend the wedge salad.Burgers are decent as well, although I think they are a little pricey for what you get. I have only ever been in for lunch and find the lunch specials are usually an ok deal and if the the lunch special prices were their normal prices I would probably go more often.But all in all the food is pretty decent.
3	Great spot to watch a game with friends.
2	***Weekend breakfast review only***A truly unappetizing breakfast experience. We came in on Sunday and were seated promptly. It wasn't too busy and we were given a nice seat with TVs in view. Most people were there to drink and watch football - understandably so. They have some decent looking items on the menu and the portion sizes impressed me when our orders arrived. The eggs were bland, the bacon and sausage were overly greasy and too chewy. The hash browns were undercooked - practically mashed potatoes. Aren't they supposed to crunch? My girlfriend's egg sandwich used fake American cheese which grossed her out. It didn't help that our waitress was curt. **Verdict**Breakfast Food: 1 star. Not good, maybe order a burger?Service: 2 stars. Overall Experience: 2 stars. I'm optimistic about this place being fun if you're going to watch football. Brunch Recommendation: If you're looking for a lovely and tasty weekend brunch in the area, check out Yoli's or Brunchies (next door).
3	Coach & Willie's is pretty alright. Your typical sports bar feel, except I think their food is expensive for the quality, even though their plates make up in quantity. I don't think there's ever been a time I've eaten a whole plate here - I always end up taking half of it home. Their $7 lunch specials are awesome right now; I like the tuna sandwich.OH! And if you want some lettuce with your salad dressing, ask for the dressing on the side. They go WAY heavy with dressing here.
5	Went there for the first time last night and i was satisfied. I am a picky eater and know my food. The meatballs are done just right, actually better than some so called itallian resturaunts can dream up. As far as pricing, i have no complaints. Service was good and always around to fill your drink.I will be a returning customer.
3	I like to come here once in a while, but I really don't like to sit for too long. The ambiance drives me crazy. The owner is nice, and the other location in downtown phoenix is smaller and more crowded. However, if you like the typical sports bar atmosphere. Go for Coach and Willie's. Food was pretty hit or miss, but is cheap and will make you feel like a greasy american. I appreciated their beer prices for the time I have been there. That's all folks..
3	I grabbed lunch here with the Mrs last year while Christmas shopping and we were not impressed with the service, food or price, so decided not to go back.Since then have been back several times for Friday happy hour (get there EARLY). Pretty good beer selection although the IPA I prefer is never a happy hour special :(   The happy hour food is greasy bar food but fills the gut and I'm not there to diet. Have also met the guys for an occasional Saturday or Sunday breakfast. Bloody Mary's are great and usually on special. No complaints on the food I've ordered and the portions are pretty grand. Great place during NFL season.I would highly encourage you sit at the bar as I've experienced the worst service when seated at a table - happy hour or not. Matter of fact had the same waitress serve me and the chums (the one that served me with the Mrs) and she was just as bad at serving us then. Not sure why she's still there? Bartenders always take good care of the folks seated at the bar.All-in-all for a place to do happy hour it's fine. If you wanna catch a game and get a breakfast it'll serve you well too. I'll be back but not a committed fan.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I came here with 3 of my friends a few weeks ago. We decided to check it out after the Chandler Light Parade and lighting of the tumbleweed tree, so it was a busy night. We waited about 15 minutes for a table and were quickly served our drinks, but sadly the service went downhill from there. We didn't see our waitress but twice the rest of the evening; once to take our order and once to give us the check. We had to track down someone to refill our drinks and another person entirely brought us our food and was able to get the sides we requested. One of my friends ordered soup that didn't arrive until after his main dish even though the waitress asked if he wanted it early and he said yes. We waited nearly 45 minutes for our order to come out and when it did it was lukewarm. My friends pizza had clearly been sitting out for a while, but I will say they gladly warmed it up. The menu is huge, as are the portions, but unfortunately, they don't seem to do anything overly well. Maybe with the tree lighting they were understaffed, but Iwe weren't impressed. With San Tan just down the street, unless you are searching for a particular game to watch, then I wouldn't put this place on your must-do list.
5	Another fantastic meal at Coach & Willie's!  Not only are you surrounded by large flat-screen TVs to watch the games, the food is equally incredible.  We have been there 5 separate times now and I have personally ordered 5 separate entrees, and each was amazing!  Tonight the rib-eye coupled with the lobster bisque was equaled only by the incredible service we received from 'Ife'  [pronounced "E-Fay".........he was friendly and was always there when we needed something.  Honestly - I have never been to a 'Sports Bar' where the food was on par with a fine dining restaurant.  Truly amazing!  You must try this place!
4	This place is nice for a sit down and watch some sports. There is one part...lounge area....that you have to reserve if you got lot of people. The food is actually more of an Italian style yummy food. Try the Italian nachos as it is just seems like eating pasta. The mozzeralla sticks are more like egg rolls but filled with cheese. Good drink menu as well.I am sure to be back again.
1	Late night stop in with the wife on Saturday night and there were 4 guys working the bar area. The place was not to crowded for a Saturday night so I was a little surprised to be ignored. Finally the tall guy with dark hair came and acknowledged us, served the beers and provided the bill since we were only there for one round. Pretty decent guy. $18 bar tab so I figured I would put $5 on for tip. No sooner do I lay the pen down then the Mr. Rude Dude bald goatee bartender grabs it and rings it out. No acknowledgement whatsoever when taking or seeing the tip. He goes about his way to then help the next group. I could over hear the conversation and whatever the woman ordered he said, "how about the Apple Cider" which was some drink on tap...."it is easier to make than the drink". Sounding a bit on the lazy side if you ask me.Now don't get me wrong, I know that places like this pool their tips, but it annoys the hell out of me to put a little extra down in the tip area for the person that served you all to have someone else take the tab away and the original person having no idea of your generosity. Freaking Rude. After watching Mr. Rude Dude for then next 15 minutes it was blatantly obvious he was there to shuffle in the register as many tabs as he could. Maybe he needs to return to working at the traveling carnival where that behavior is expected.
5	This is one of my favorite places to "wine and dine."  More like Martinis and Appetizers but the food here is always great  and everyone is very friendly.  The Happy Hour food is my favorite -- the meatballs and St. Louis ribs with pasta salad are some of the best!  The bar staff and manager are also very efficient and friendly.  And if you like seafood at all -- don't pass up the Lobster Bisque (best I've ever had) or the Seafood Pasta (especially on Pasta nite) which is more than I can eat in one sitting.  I will be returning here many times in the future.Carol
1	Food was just ok, over priced and slow service. Won't be going back here
3	We came here for dinner on a Sunday night, after participating in San Tan's Brews Cruise event. We were seated in the "extra" dining room surrounded by brick walls and a TV. There were 6 in our party and seating was pretty tight. Service was prompt but I was a little disappointed they brought out all the food together, rather than appetizer first then salad then pizza. Everything we ate was good but nothing I ate was "wow". I would recommend the pizza, we got the roma basil and great white. This place is great though for watching a game and hanging out in a sports bar. All in all was good just not great.
5	This is by far the best place in Chandler to catch a game.  We spent four days here during spring training and came here everyday, at least once.  The menu's got tons of choices..  The wings and prime rib sandwich were awesome.  Their happy hour specials were great.  We got to know most the servers and bartenders and thought they were all super friendly.  Definitely a must visit in Chandler.  We'll be back for round two next year!
2	Went here one night for a birthday dinner with a few friends.  To say we were unimpressed, would be an understatement.  Several items that we ordered we were told that they were out of.  The food was good but not great.  Two of us ordered the side wedge salad with our meal.  We laughed when it actually came on our plate. For the prices on the menu, this place needs to step it up.
4	Came here when I was visting my brother and sister in law.  They told me about this place and how it is good food and drinks.  Decided to try it out and they have GREAT breakfast food and AMAZING happy hour on the weekend.Ordered a bloody mary, for only $3, and this wasn't a rink-a-dink one either, it was served to me in a pint glass. It was a great mixture of alcohol, tomato juice, and all the additives you put in a bloody mary. They had mimosa's for this price as well. They also have $5 jager bombs as well, and I couldn't really pass it up being on a mini vacation.  HahaTheir food was quite good.  I got the steak scramble.  You get a ton of steak, which was cooked just like ordered, with some potatoes, and your choice of bread.  I went with the corn tortilla so I could wrap my food in it. I enjoyed every bit of that plate of food and was successfully not hungry after eating here.  The plate was only $9, I believe, and all their other options were nicely priced as well.When I make my way out to Chandler next time, I plan on coming here again... Preferably on the weekend for their awesome menu. They also have a decent selection of beers on tap.  I would recommend stopping in for a drink or some food and give this place a try.  It's really hard not to enjoy their great food and tasty beverages at a great price.
1	We were here tonight. This is definitely a place I will not return.  I will say they allowed our dog on the patio,  that's the only nice thing I have to say. We waited over 45 minutes for our food. After 50 minutes, we went to the hostess and said we were leaving. As I was walking out, she came after us and said our food was ready,  "do we want it to go?" At this point, I was so over this experience, I said no thanks (if I'm going to spend money on food I want to sit down to enjoy it). She said "if you don't get it to go and pay your waitress will have to pay the bill". I said "what? That's redicilious, let me speak with the manager." He came out and immediately was defensive telling me that they were extra busy due to the street event and that the wait time on tickets were longer than usual. I told him just bc a place is busy is not an excuse for subpar service. Not once did anyone tell us they were experiencing long wait times. He was very argumentative with me and even said "Well you had a few ice teas didn't you?" Really??? How ridiculous, of course we had drinks, we are at a sit down bar and grill.  The whole experience was a joke! I will never return. At minimum, the manager could have apologized. But no he only wanted to argue and make excuses instead of apologize.
3	Drinks were fine, service was a bit slow considering no one sitting at the bar and 3 guys just chatting away. At the end, I'd rather go to San Tan right down the street.
3	I have told all my friends the coach and Willie burger is my fav- this time was a little off... The burger seemed like it had seasoning on one end and none on the other - very uneven. The fries were cold - and dry- like they had sat there a long time. It did take a long time for my burger- maybe it sat there waiting for delivery??? Even though there were only a couple others at the bar - the guy bartender was very unattentive- took me about 15 min to get any attention for my check- finally got the other person there to help me - like he forgot or something... Oh well, I like C&W and will definitely go back - I will write this one off as an "off" night for them.
2	Holy Cheesus!  If you want to leave somewhere having gained 8 pounds and feeling totally greasy and bloated, this is your place.  Took the fam here on Sunday afternoon to grab some appetizers and drinks.  Let me start by saying that none of the issues I have surrounding my visit have anything to do with the staff.  Our waitress was a sweeheart and the other waitresses were also attentive to us, even though they weren't our main waitress.  Our drinks were kept full at all times, and we were asked if we wanted refills on alcohol before the first drink ran out completely.  So, if I could give stars for the staff only, it would be a 5.  However, the staff being so great is completely outdone by the craptasticness of the food.  We got a 1/2 order of the Italian Nachos (gag!) and the Little Willies (Philly cheesesteak eggrolls).  Now, normally, I like nachos and I like Italian food, so these sounded great.  But, when they arrived at the table, they had what appeared to be about 2 pounds of cheese and grease smothering them.  The chips were soggy, the marinara sauce was a greasy disaster, and the sausage was downright disgusting.  Also, cheese is great on Nachos, but less than 1/2 the amount would have been perfect.  I honestly have never seen so much cheese in my life.  The Little Willies were also a greasy cheesy nightmare.  The cheese sause for dipping was literally a bowl of Cheese Whiz, and the eggrolls themselves were stuffed with cheese.  If you're going to provide cheese for dipping sauce, it would be soooo much better to not stuff the rolls themselves with cheese too.  We didn't finish any of the food, and ordered a lot less alcohol than normal because we were so stuffed with greasy fatty cheese.  We most likely won't be back, which is a shame, because our waitress really was fantastic.  Unfortunately, I would not recommend this place at all.
4	We went to Coach & Willie's in Chandler with a couple of friends who came to town. On the downside, the place was really loud, even though it wasn't that crowded.  But the vibe was relaxed so that was a plus.We ordered drinks and then dinner.  The ladies each had salads which were good. My buddy had Salmon Oscar which he devoured.  I had the $15 Prime Rib special.  The steak was great. The garlic potatoes?... Meh.  So overall? Not bad.  Then we ordered a dessert... ("... Nachos"?). It was a sort of sopapilla with ice cream which was the best part of the whole meal.If I'm in that part of town, I'll go back.
1	We have been here 3 times, disappointed 3 times. Waited 10 minutes for a hostess to show up. Had several employees pass me (im obviously waiting for help) and not say a thing! As for food: just as bad. Only thing somewhat tasty was the mini burgers. Quesadillas were awful and dripping in grease. Sandwiches not good. Wedge salad was bad. Cold fries. Won't ever be returning!!
4	Great service, I got the Prime Stack and wasn't impressed. Went on NBA finals night so they were pretty busy, I'll probably get something else next time
3	It's 5 o clock somewhere is always my first thought since I love happy hour. =)I've been here for dinner once but never for happy hour so my friend and I wanted to try it out. Their happy hour is only served in the bar area. I don't really like it when restaurants limit you to a certain area for you to sit for happy hour. It feels too limited and it shouldn't matter where you sit. We ordered the wings, hummus and some Chicken taquitos. I liked the hummus and the portion was a rather good size. The Chicken taquitos were a bit bland and the salsa it came with was nothing special. I washed it down with some Pinot Grigio which was also mediocre. All in all, I didn't think it was anything spectacular. The service was on the slower side. It took about maybe 30 minutes or more to get our food but it was busy so that was understandable. I thought it was pretty reasonably priced though since all of this came out to only about $22. =)  Might come back if I'm in desperate need of happy hour since it's super close to my house which is always a plus. =P
5	I have been here 2 times in one week, which is rare for me!!  First time, Girls Night Out and we stopped in for a drink and appetizers.  My friends ordered martinis which were not to their liking.  The manager noticed they weren't drinking them, sat down with us, asked what he could have made to replace the martinis and took the martinis off the bill.  He then circled back to make sure everyone was happy with the new drinks.  Our server was good, she watched our seats when we stepped away to ensure they weren't taken by other customers.  The artichoke dip is EXCELLENT.Second time, date night.  The place was packed, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes.  Our server was great and she happily moved us to another table per our very played-down request.  (our neighbors were extremely loud and we couldn't hear each other)  Again, the manager stopped by to check on us, two times.The food was very good and the staff was very friendly.  We had interactions with 6 or 7 employees by the time we left, as they were very accommodating  and trying to ensure we were taken care of.We look forward to going back with friends!
5	Great place! Clean. Friendly staff. More TV's than you can shake a stick at! And really good food too. A great addition to the revitalized downtown area!
1	Ok, so I am officially done with C&W.  Here is why - after 3 straight visits resulted in burgers over cooked with more of a shoe leather texture than a nice juicy burger, and with not so great bar service, I tried it one more time.  So I sit down at the bar, the girl behind the bar takes my order, brings me my beer, and I never see her again.  Someone from the restaurant brings my burger.  I had ordered it medium "NOT well done" but with pink inside.  Again, it came well done, and with NO seasoning on it - tasted very bland with no salt and pepper - except for the very edge on one side which tasted like it was dipped in salt.  Wow, I seriously do not think they could screw up a burger any worse.  But the fries were good, so I ate half my burger and the fries.  All the while, some tall dude with long hair and a backwards hat started slushing around directly in front of me washing the glasses - water was splashing all over - his head was so close I was worried his sweat dripping off his face would drop on my food - needless to say... SICK!!!!  So I was done and ready to leave, but no one would bring me my check.  I finally had to track down the other dude behind the counter and ask - he brought it and set it down and left -without saying a word.  I have to tell you, in 20 years or more of going out to eat, I do not think I have never left a tip.  So I decided to try and send a message by doing so.  I was not happy, if there was anyone paying any attention around there, I would have told them so.   As I got up to leave, and the sweaty long haired jug head dude noticed there was no tip and said a sarcastic comment to me.  At one point, this place was pretty good.  But if you look back at my reviews, it has gone steadily down in both food and service.  They have lost my business.  Try San Tan Brewery - they are 10 star compared to C&W.
5	Delicious burgers and a great place to see a game!!
5	Went here on a Sunday and had an amazing experience!  Our waitress was on top of our drinks and needs. Sat on the nice patio while the doors were open. Great Bloody Mary and turkey diablo! And the lobster bisque Yum E!  We will be back!
1	Not good for kids.  North side patio is smoking and smoke was blowing in.  Gag.  Waitress was quick to take order yet food took 30+ minutes.  Hostess was rude.
5	We love going out with our dog on weekends! We came here for food and to watch the saints game with our dog Otis. Supper dog friendly not only do they give your dog water your dog gets his own water dish!! So we had the garlic knots! Amazing! then my boyfriend and I had the lobster bisque and that was pretty awesome too. We used the garlic knots to dunk into the lobster bisque. Now there wasn't any tvs outs side but we had a good seat to see inside. Server was awesome! Service was awesome super friendly always checked on us as well. As well as food was a good price. Prob will be our new Sunday fun day!!! They do have smoking on the patio so just be aware.
2	The food and drinks were great..... when we finally got them.  They weren't that busy, but our waitress disappeared for about 35 minutes after taking our drink order.  We waited another 35 minutes to order and then it took about 45more minutes to get our food.  We barely saw our waitress.  We had to keep asking random people who walked by to help us with refills.  Unfortunately this was our first and last experience here.  There is so many restaurants around this square in Chandler - we won't be giving it another chance.  I think for the time and money, we will go somewhere else...
5	Great food great staff! Thanks Kevin for the great service for Bo and myself! The place is clean, inviting, and LOTS of tv's for you sports junkies. Again, thank you very much!
3	Food was great, service was not
2	Did not get the bartender's name, but this guy is "Mr. Bartender". He must be aiming for bartender of the year with his wittiness and personal comments directed at each regular. He does seem nice and friendly, so that's good, but maybe a bit over the top for my taste. Speaking of taste, the pastrami was a hot mess. THey claim they make it in-house and if true, they need a new recipe. It was chewy and hard to eat. After the first bite, I knew I wasn't eating this thing and to their credit they took it right off the bill. I don't care that they sell "20 of these a day"..those twenty people obviously are not fans of pastrami. The best ones are crumbly and outside of NY, only Denver gets it right. A few beer specials at $4 and some strange girl came inside handing out candy canes as well. The TV's at the bar are horrible, something needs to be changed because you have to squint to see the screens and they are old as the hills. This is sports bar that just opened right? Upgrade your TV's and change the bar confiqeration because right now it stinks.
5	Good food great service.  The Italian Melt was bomb!
1	Whatever you do, DON'T make your reservation with the hostess. Made a reservation for their private room on Monday morning, for our monthly Meetup dinner on Friday, for a party of 30. She took everything down, said she had it, and that a manager would follow up to get any further details. The manager, Kevin, called the following day while I was at work and left a voicemail to call him back & touch base. Called again, he wasn't there again. Spoke to Coop, the other manager, and he informed me that the room had already been booked by a private dinner party. He said he didn't know about it, that it must've just come in. Hmm, but MY reservation was made on MONDAY. There was no mention of the possibility of losing my reservation if I didn't call back that day. I was under the assumption the room was ours after making the initial reservation, since that's what was expressed. After several phone calls, and Coop going back & forth to talk to Kevin (no, Kevin never had the professional courtesy to speak to me himself) , Coop suggested splitting the "private" room with the other party or that they could put US in the lounge. HELLO? I have a Meetup group and this is an "event" not just some dinner party. I'd explained that we need room away from the noise, where we can get up and speak, but said I'd swing by tonight to see if it'd work.  Coop called back again to inform me the ONLY way they could accommodate us, was if I moved my dinner time, because the lounge wouldn't work for us. I asked why they couldn't put the other party in the lounge. He said he'd love to. When I said "Make it happen, then!!"....I think I heard the faint sound of cajones shriveling up. Choke. They were totally unwilling to work with us & save a monthly repeat business customer, with a Meetup group of over 700 ladies in the Phoenix metro area...and growing.I will NEVER visit this establishment again. Now, on a Weds evening, I have to start a brand new search to accommodate my party of 30 women all expecting to be at Coach & Willie's on Friday night. It was also one of the lady's birthdays, so we were planning on sticking around a bit to party, too. Lots of bar tabs you just missed out on. Your bartenders and servers thank you, Kevin.
4	Was here for lunch yesterday, but not my first time. It was after the lunch rush, so easy to be taken care of. Had the lobster bisque and salad. Salad was great, the bisque was a bit on the salty side, but still very good. Will have to try their mac and cheese on of these days!
4	We were here for lunch as I had the black and blue burger and my wife had the soup and salad. She enjoyed the salad but not too much the lobster soup. The black and blue burger was okay. The service was excellent! And the garlic knots for appetizers was unbelievably tasty! I give it four stars as we will come back and try different things. So far so good!
5	I LOVE This place, Firestone Walker Union Jack is ALWAYS ON TAP and  happy hour is swingin'!  The deals are nice and the place is quite comfortable.  You Should Go!
4	Pros:Atmosphere is on point !Good selection of seating from indoor to outdoor to booths and big comfy chairs!Waitress was very attentive and knew the menu wellDrink specials on SaturdayEveryone was pleased with their beverages and food! Great menu options to choose from. Not such standard bar food! Cons:Though we were in no rush our lunch took quite a while! Not to the point we wanted to leave but where we looked at each other a couple times asking where our food/drinks were. However we weren't disappointed once we got it
4	Tried Coach and Willie's for the first time today after hearing rave reviews from friends about the different kinds of mac and cheese. I sat out on the patio and waited to meet my sister for lunch. I was greeted right away and drinks were brought out quickly. They have a nice assortment of lunch choices on the lunch menu. I decided to side salad and a cup of the green chile mac and cheese. It was delicious! Breadcrumbs and cojita cheese on top and creamy and hot on the inside. The green chiles add just the right amount of spice for me. My sister had the lobster bisque and the bacon mac and cheese and loved both. They definitely have some other great looking menu options that I will try out in the future. The reviews on here are mixed but I will definitely give them another try after the good experience today. I will also be back to sample the bar menu. Overall good experience.
1	Wouldn't let us in because my friend appeared to be too intoxicated. This was after the Chandler beer and BBQ fest. We had been drinking, but we were far from being intoxicated. I wonder why this place had so few patrons while the other 3 bars across the street were packed?
1	Wait staff is completely lacking. Service is so sub par that the clientele is more likely to fall asleep then to be accommodated.
4	Took the family on Sunday afternoon. Wasn't to busy.  Kids are their meals and wife and I liked ours.  Will go back.
5	Great place to eat and drink, happy hour after work, go watch the football games.  Jessica is the best bartender ever,  the bar is by far the best bar in chandler!!!! Great for after work functions.  I love this bar!  The service is great!
3	I love that they have a Mesquite burning stove.  It smells wonderful as soon as you walk in.  They cook their pizzas in the wood stove and I believe some of the baked homemade pasta dishes as well.  The one problem I had was their fries.  I like big meaty steak fries, and these fries were more like large shoe-string fries.There is a nice bar with cool bartenders and good drink specials.  Give it a try if you are in downtown Chandler.
4	I love coming to Coach & Willies! They have great food and I like coming in for drinks. They usually have a bunch of games on and will change the channel if you need them too. Good place to come!
3	Some good changes have come recently to the menu here. The service is hit or miss, though. I'd recommend it for Happy Hour -- be sure to sit in the bar area for the best happy hour food deals, which are good.. taquitos, Southwestern-style lettuce wraps. What disappoints is the depreciating beer selection. I hope they can step it up with more high-quality and local craft brews again soon.
1	The service was just awful, I sat for like 30 mins at the bar that wasn't even busy at the time. What pisses me off the most was that I had to approach one of the servers and let them know what's up. 07-22-14
4	Wow there burgers are awesome here. This place has a really great atmosphere. Do not have to ask for a refill there right on it. I'll definitely be coming back for burgers again
3	Went here at the request of my buddy and his wife. They like this place for day drinking and sports. I had a crazy hamburger that was good and the beer I ordered was wrong but server fixed it quick. You know how some servers are overly friendly and want to over share personal stuff with you? That was our server she is whipping out her cell phone and showing me pics of her dog, her dog and her dog! Oh yeah and let me tell u about my boyfriend! Ummm no can I just dive into my beer and demolish my burger? You get the point. It was funny and was not upset about it at all. This place was just ok  and seemed pricey for the food and service. Maybe next time just apps and drinks. Deserves a second chance. Don't we all?
2	Average Bar Food with Haute Cuisine Prices.The food is OK. Just OK. It's typical bar fare - burgers, wings, pizzas... But the ingredients are not extraordinary, and neither is the execution. It is average at best.There was a selection of local craft beers, which is nice, and a lot of TVs showing different sports. The staff seemed under-trained (our waitress wasn't sure what beers were on tap, even though I ordered from their brand new draft list).I would not be surprised to learn that the "brisket" on the Brisket BBQ Burger and the "Italian Beef" on their Italian Beef and Pepperoni sandwich are the same meat with different sauces. I would also not be surprised to learn if it was Steak-Ums, and even that severely overcooked. Dry. Crispy. Unseasoned.Wings were nice and crisp, but lacked seasoning. Again - not bad, but not worth a $75 lunch tab, that's for sure. If they reduced prices 20-30% across the board then it would match the quality that they are serving. It was fine for a $9 hamburger; but not a $13 hamburger.There are several restaurants in downtown Chandler putting out creative and delicious food by talented chefs, all within a 5 minute walk from this place. You can't sling out crummy bar food and charge those kind of prices. We won't be back.
4	Love the atmosphere! Nice, mixed crowd of joyous sports fans. Went to watch the football game on one of their many TV screens. The weather outside was a little windy and the satellite signal kept going in and out. ...very annoying. Finally, some genius had the bright idea to tune into the local network...(the sky opened up!)I tried the black n' bleu burger which was DELICIOUS! It was huge; I couldn't eat the whole thing!Our waitress was on point.  She was friendly and kept an eye on our drinks.  I would definitely return.
4	Been there a few times. Service good and food pretty good too. Atmosphere and TV screens really add to the experience.
5	New menu changes are awesome.  Staff all polite make you feel right at home. Perfect place for fantasy draft, or for just watching Monday nightie Thursday night football with the fellas!
4	I love this place! I love the BBQ chicken pizza and the lobster bisque! Great beer selection as well. Also, a really great place to go watch sports.
5	The perfect place for that refreshing recharge after a night out. A wide variety from the healthy to the sinful. Our server, Tonya, was everything one wishes for in the dining experience. Oh, and one can not forget the Famous Bloody Mary.
2	Food is decent, but the service is terrible!! I'd rather have bad food and great service!!
3	Pretty good food, not too busy at night. Thinking during the day might be a lot livelier. Lots of beer draft choices and good music. I recommend this place
4	We went with a party of 8 on a weekend evening. The place was hopping, but we didn't have to wait for a table since there is plenty of seating (it's larger than it looks from the outside). The guys enjoyed watching the games shown on their multiple screen TV's while the women chatted over wine :) Service was spot on; we didn't feel rushed at all and when it came time to pay the bill, our server had no problem separating everything. The prices here are more than fair for what you get. I ordered the white pizza and my husband had the Brisket burger (total "man" burger...meat on top of meat...it was HUGE, he had to cut in half just to eat it! Lol). Both were delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their meals too. The lobster bisque and bacon Mac looked good; I may have to try it next time. Nice atmosphere + good food + good service is the recipe for repeat business. We will definitely be return customers :)
3	Went for the Burger Monday happy hour a few weeks back. Honestly the burgers are huge! Next time go with a friend and split a burger...save your money for the great drink specials!
