2	Searching for a lunch option after a hard shop at Costco we deiced to check this place since it was just around the corner. This place is a little bit dirty, the first table we were sat at was covered in ants.. we told the waiter and he shrugged and I asked if we wanted to move?! Hello?! No I want to sit with the ants.. maybe they will like some chips and salsa also? Dipshit. Anyway, the service and kitchen were pretty quick. Ordered a cheese crisp which was actually really good.. super crispy, melty cheesy goodness.. the Mr ordered a Grilled Chicken Ceasar Salad.. Im like WTF?! I ordered the pollo chicken something.. you know the one with the deep fried chicken burrito smothered in cheddar cheese and cream cheese.. it was pretty good I suppose but the rice was so dry I thought it was uncooked.. the Mr's Salad was WAY over dressed.. well duh!All in all this was place was just so so.. the ants were a real turn off.. for this style of Mexican Id say that there are other places who do it better and cheaper. I wonder how those ants would have tasted deep fried?
4	Los Olivos Norte is the North Scottsdale outpost of the original, located in Old Town.  This is your basic, everyday (American) Mexican food place.  Fajitas, combination platters, chips & salsa, etc. etc.  While Los Olivos Norte is not going to blow your socks off, it is good, typical Mexican food.  I give it four stars because I am a Mexican food addict.  If you do a good job (and they do), I'm going to be a fan.The service here is QUICK.  Chips and salsa (plus a free bean dip!) came out immediately.  They were quick to take our order and the food was out, fresh and hot, about 10 minutes later.  Again, the food isn't going to change your life, but it is tasty and does the job.
4	Fancy this is not.  It's more like a teleport to one of the restaurants you find a few blocks south of the border for lunch when on a shopping trip in Mexico.  I've been to Los Olivos several times over the last few years and it's decent, typical southern AZ mexican fare.  Get something fried.  Don't be in a hurry.  Bring a friend and enjoy their company while you munch and drink.  Los Olivios doesn't pretend to be something it's not - it's just serving everyday Arizona style Mexican food without fooling around.
4	Solid Mexican food.This is actually one of the better Mexican places, but it does depend on what you order.  I have found their chicken to be very dry and lacking in flavor... however, everything else is tasty.  Their salsa is great and they serve free bean dip with every table.  The service is friendly and quick and their beans are very good.  This place is in my lunch rotation and is definitely better than most Mexican spots.
4	Los Olivos is a good, traditional, Mexican restaurant.  Good food (GREAT Salsa!) in a casual environment - an excellent option for a relaxed meal with good food at a reasonable cost.  Service is always good.  Atmosphere at the North location is more open than their old town Scottsdale location which has more rooms - but food is similar.
2	Wifey and I dined here in Nov., 2008, and we found this joint to be very overpriced and very average. The place was dead on a weeknight, a bad sign. The room looked like it could hold 300 people, and there were only about 7 of us total. Service was good, but chips and salsa was mediocre, food (nachos and enchiladas) was average, even below average. We found it to be more expensive than other, similar Mexican restaurants in the area. I would not go here again.
2	Hot sauce and salsa w/chips hit the spot during happy hour with a cold beer.  Lunch specials are a good deal too.  But for dinner, the menu is grossly overpriced and most items are rather average in flavor.  Perhaps we're paying for the location?
5	5 Stars - Five Reasons1.  Awesome Homemade Fresh Full of Flavor Salsa2.  Homemade Tortillas.  This should be expected at any self     respecting Mexican Restaurant - but strangely its not.  The tortillas     here are great!3.  Reasonable Prices4.  Friendly Fast Service5.  No Wait!
1	If you call this authentic Mexican food you are probably not Mexican. I really hate giving bad reviews but this was one of worse restaurants I've been to.  Food is disgusting, more specifically it is bland, greasy and low quality. The place was also pretty dirty. It looked like they hadn't mopped in weeks. I would only recommend this place to my worst enemy.
5	pollo a la quesa crema, is all the spanish you need to know if you roll up into this joint... it is and will forever be the best version of a "chimichanga" you will ever put into your mouth...never mind the amazing salsa/chips/and bean dip combo that they start you off with, that is just warming up your pallet for the main...the p.a.l.q.c as i like to call it for short must have been what they used to sacrifice to the the aztec gods back in the old days... because this thing is just that good... think traditional deep fried chimichanga meets  the stairway to heaven. the chicken they put in it is cooked and pulled to the perfect size and texture, some places get huge chunks that totally ruin the dish, now the best part is the cheese and the creamy jalepeno sauce that they cover the entire thing with... probably doubling the calories right there. but honestly if you are ordering something deep fried in the first place calories are not your main concern... i have been to los olivos about 50 times in my life and never personally ordered anything else... its just not necessary...
3	I went here for lunch with some coworkers. I agree with other reviewers they have great chips/salsa/ bean dip. The lunch specials are a decent value at 7.95 and come with beans and rice. I decided to be different and have the chicken taco salad and it was pretty good. It had huge chunks of chicken and I like that they don't put salad dressing on the taco salads like some places. Usually you can't get in and out in an hour at restaurants in the Scottsdale air-park but the service here is very fast. Arribas is right next door but I would much recommend this over Arribas. Next time I will go during nonbusiness hours so I can try there margaritas.
5	I have been eating at Los Olivos since 1987.  It is the ONLY place I think of when I am hungry for Mexican food.  The Corral family has kept this one in the family, and they still make the fresh tortillas and guacamole daily.Order the chicken chimi supreme, it's not on the menu but it's always a known by your waiter...huge chimi done enchilada style with heaps of guac and sour cream on top.  The margaritas are fab, if you want a splurge go for the Cadillac.  Mmmmm.  This one is a must eat every time I am in town.
4	Some of the best margaritas in town (or that I've had), and the food is quite good - tex-mex style, in my opinion (as opposed to California-style Mexican). I liked the carnitas, and I've also had the combination plate: beef tamale, enchilada & taco. And both salsas are delicious!
4	JD and I wanted a super casual place for lunch on Saturday after a workout and he suggested here and it was the perfect spot. The chips and salsa were exceptionally good, or I had just worked up a voracious appetite at the gym, probably some of both. JD ordered a cheese crisp and I made fun of him by asking if he was on a diet. Then I ate my words when the behemoth greasy cheesy large pizza sized crisp actually came to the table. It was HUGE! A thin crispy tortilla topped with tons of melty fantastic-ness! It was cut in squares like some pizza's too which made it easy to eat. I had the Mexican Flag enchiladas and they were fine, but lackluster in comparison to the giant wheel of melted cheese across the table. All in all it was a great meal and definitely reversed any good I had just done at the gym, but that's life and I'm fine with it!
3	The best example North Scottsdale has of traditional Phoenix sonoran mexican food.  Los Olivos restaurants have been around forever - at least since the '60's.  The food is great if not fancy, and the place is pretty free of gimmicks.  You can get your fix of cheese crisps (aka quesadillas for you CA transplants), deep fried tacos, chimichangas, combination plates with so much sauce and cheese you can't tell what's underneath but it all works together to taste so good.  Los Olivos still plops down the free chips and salsa right when you sit down so you're good an full when that combo plate comes and glad for it.  The atmosphere is more like a nice mexican diner than mexican cantina and service is solid. They often have mariachis playing on weekend nights.  Margaritas aren't great, but the beer is cold.  Don't bother with dessert.  Cheap eats for all the food, especially since you won't be hungry for another 24 hours.  If you're in North Scottsdale and in the mood for traditional Phoenix style mexican food, Los Olivos is a great choice.
5	This place is one of my favorites to bring anyone who would like to have great Mexican food that knows what good Mexican food tastes like.  I've been going here for several years and it is always delicious.  They have become my exclusive provider of chicken quesadillas (shredded chicken that is).  Theirs is the best and I will not order one anywhere else in the WORLD as they just don't compare. The waiters are great.  They get their job done, they are friendly and quick.  They won't stand around and chat with you - which is not a negative.  Excellent margarita's - they are not from a mix and they are amazing.  Love, love, love this place.
3	This place is great is you're looking for an inexpensive lunch (around $10 w/ tip). The lunch specials are what you would probably expect from a Mexican chain, but they are not bad. I really like the salsas that they serve. Sharing a couple of servings of chips and salsa with a couple tacos hits the spot and leaves me very full. If you work in the area you probably already know about this place, but if not, you should check it out. It won't hurt your pockets and you may end up becoming a regular.
4	After a long week, taking the family to dinner Friday nights at Los Olivos is quite the treat for all.  The highlights for us are the relaxing atmosphere, good Mexican food, attentive service, cold Negro Modelo beers and talented mariachis playing music.My kids would be happy just eating their awesome chips and salsa.  We all love to get the tortilla soup and share that as a starter.For the adults our favorites are the Huevos Rancheros and Chorizo Con Huevos.  The kids love the bean burritos and cheese quesadillas.  Would have given it a 5 star except last time really did not care for the tough to eat carne asada (way too thin and overcooked) nor the margaritas (way too sour).  If looking for a good Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale that won't break the bank give Los Olivos a try.
4	One of the better Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale - top notch service and ingredients. This feels more legit than places with chilies and oversize parrots hanging from neon-colored stucco walls. I strongly suggest you try their house Guacamole!!!
3	I could drink their salsa it was so fresh and delicious.  I had the chile rellenos, which was also good, but too spicy for my taste.  The server was young and not very attentive.  We had to beg to get our drinks filled.  The food overall was good, not the best I'd ever had.  The price was a little more than what the food was worth.
3	Los Olivos is what it is - a basic, larger Mexican restaurant that doesn't pretend to be otherwise. Competent, inexpensive and not at all pretentious. Remember, this is in an area that doesn't know about small, family-run Mexican restaurants. Inexpensive lunch, as expected. Just don't expect fancy cuisine. That's not why you go here - it's to avoid a drive downtown or to the west side.
4	Truely is one of the better Mexican restaurants in North Scottsdale.  Love the tostadas which are loaded with toppings!  My family eats here a few times a month and we always leave full and satisfied!  Only complaint is the service can be slow but the food is worth the wait.
2	I've been here a few times now and I would say it is decent, slightly overpriced Mexican food. Their regular dishes are just OK. I have had their tacos and enchiladas and prefer Arriba's (right next door) or Carlos O'briens, just down the street. There is even some mom and pop place by my apartments that equates to the quality and taste. What I like about Los Olivos is their Nachos. OMG this thing is huge. Imagine a large pizza in your head and then replace that image with the same size plate of nachos. I am not even kidding. Four or more people could munch on this. They do it exactly how I like it too, lots of cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream, and guacamole. YUM That is what has been keeping me coming back, but after the other night I feel I am sure to find somewhere whose nachos make me just as happy. Every time I have been here, it has been dead. And last time I came at prime dinner time. Then why is the service so awful? This kid kept coming up to our table and trying to take things. We weren't even half way done with our nachos when he asked while I'm in MID BITE "are you finished with that" not only asking but reaching his hand to grab the plate! And this happened repeatedly as we tried to finish our food. I don't know if they wanted us out of there or what. And then for someone who was so "attentive" I waited for 5-10 minutes for a drink refill (make the glasses clear and it won't be so hard to tell if I need more) My friend and I left full but irritated. If I thought the quality of service was a one time thing I wouldn't even put this review up...but the fact of the matter is when you are paying for overpriced Mexican food in North Scottsdale, it isn't as if your options are slim. My advice, go next door to Arriba's. Good food and GREAT service!
5	I have eaten here more times than I can count over the years. It is my favorite Mexican food of all time. And I travel a lot. The margaritas (although a bit pricey) are fantastic. I have tried many dishes but I can flat out tell you that the best one is the Carne Asada w enchilada (its a cheese enchilada, so I have them add a little meat to it.. just ask... they will) and it is to die for. The carne asada is so flavorful. I order it medium rare. If you don't ask, they might overcook it. I highly recommend this place.
4	The Northern sister property of the Los Olivos in Old Town Scottsdale, this is one of our family's favorite choices for Mexican food.  We enjoy the Cheese Crisps and Enchilada & Taco combo.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LVyoW7-2XMnb1avqWNZ3yw?select=7OSp0zucUguetvAc48g37AOf course, complimentary Chips & Salsa is offered here.  What I like is that they offer a really spicy Salsa and a Mild one.  I love the spicy stuff and the rest of the family enjoys the mild.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LVyoW7-2XMnb1avqWNZ3yw?select=1uhB-OTY0yApqdfsVZfMQwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LVyoW7-2XMnb1avqWNZ3yw?select=FrJYrz1giW5lvi0iDW-JjwWe've dined here several times and have had decent service each time.Return Factor - 90%
4	I say that good service carries a higher point power than good food. She disagrees. I say it's a 4 based on my rating system, she says it's a 3. I'm going with the higher point total BECAUSE IT'S MYYYYYYYY YELP PAGE. NEENER. We went here on a Thursday night at 7pm. It was croaking dead. Weird. Have all of the "new money" Scottsdale-ites had their real estate/mortgage/advertising/partner in a law firm income dry up? Flame away. I have seen far fewer small body Benz's and Beemers in Scottsdale as of late. Just saying... I digress.  It was all old people, and a few people sitting at the bar. Read; people with some money and a few single people needing to get out of their 900sq ft. apartment.The service was fantastic. No complaints. The food was definitely quality. Not the best ever, but we were just going for good, reliable Mexi-chow for a reasonable price. We found it at Los Olivos. We may not agree on points, or ratings, but we agree that it was good all the way around and we will definitely go back if we're out that way.
4	This location lacks the character of the original location but it's a nice option for North Scottsdale dining! Although it's located in a strip mall on the freeway, once you step inside, it feels like a family-friendly restaurant with a little bit of Mexican flare. There's plenty of seating making this a good option if you want to have a big party. The food is decent and your generic restaurant Mexican food. Holy large portions though! I ordered the carne asada tacos and it came with a salad, then two very large flour tortillas, two large pieces (probably 3-4 inches long each) of carne asada beef and heaping beans and rice. All of it was very delicious but had I know the size of the portion, I would have definitely shared. You also get chips and two types of salsa with your meal. In summary, this is a pretty basic Mexican meal experience, but in a good way. I think it's nice that North Scottsdale has this option and I can only imagine that the bar area can get pretty crowded on the weekends.
3	Decent, but uninspired Mexican food.  There's nothing bad about Los Olivos.  The place certainly uses quality ingredients to make its food.  Too bad what end up on the plate was just plain average.I had the fish tacos and was not impressed.  The fish itself had no taste.  All it really provided was some texture (and hopefully protein).  Without the lime and the sauce and salsa, which are all served on the side, it offered no flavor to the dish.  Couldn't it at least be seasoned a little bit?  My girlfriend had the chicken quesadilla with a side of guacamole.  This was pretty good and huge.  It could easily serve two or three people.The chips and salsa are wonderful.  The hot salsa perfectly delivers quite a kick.  The mild was incredibly flavorful.  The cilantro really stood out.  However, I am not a fan of the tubes the salsas are served in.   They're extremely narrow, so you cannot directly dip your chip into them.  You need to pour the salsa on a plate.  That left a narrow liquidy mess on my plate, which doesn't make for good dunking.The restaurant itself is quite pleasant, and there is a lot of space.  I wouldn't call Los Olivos overpriced.  You'll get a lot of food for your money.  But, I would prefer some more quality over the quantity.
1	Worst service ever. Stay away. Bartender will sit next to you and play on his phone while ignoring you when hes not completely out of sight. One star for delicious salsa though
5	Great Mexican food!  The meat is delicious, and very tender.  You receive chips at the beginning of your meal with yummy salsas to try.  The ambiance of the restaurant is not that great, but the food makes up for the lack of flare!
2	I'd heard good things from friends and co-workers about Los Olivios Norte, and given the pleasant surprises I'd found in Scottsdale's Mexican dining options at Some Burros, Juan y Jaime's, and Habanero's (all recommended by the same people), I figured that it would be a slam dunk.  As you can see from my star rating, this wasn't the case.We went on an unassuming Wednesday night, and were seated immediately.  Chips and salsa were brought over immediately, and while the chips were light and crunchy and appropriately chip-ish, the salsa was served in a bottle with a carafe-style neck.  For those who have never had chunky salsa in one of these things, let me explain what happens: all of the run-off liquid piles on your plate, while the tomatoes, onions and solids sit in the bottle, laughing at you.  Once we got the solid bits out, though, the salsa turned out pretty good.Our waitress must have been under the impression that the 3/4ths-empty dining area that we were sitting in was full.  She rarely came by, and we sat with our orders ready (and menus stacked) for at least five minutes before she came by.  One of the requests was that a bottle of Carta Blanca be brought with the meal.  This was emphasized three times to her during the order.  With.  The.  Meal.  Instead, it came with the waters, a good 15 minutes BEFORE the meal.The food itself was serviceable, if a bit uninspired.  I got the mini sampler platter, and found the meat to be under-seasoned, and the enchilada hiding under the refried beans.  Reports of the other dishes varied from "it's okay" to "not bad."Back to the service: the waitress' second and final appearance was when she delivered the bill.  No dessert offerings or a stop by to see if we liked the food.  We saw the busboy, who delivered the chips and salsa, brought the drinks, and cleared the table, more often than we saw her.If I was living in certain parts of the East Coast where they have no idea what Mexican food is beyond a Taco Bell, I would say that this place isn't bad.  But given the poor service and superior options in the immediate area, Los Olivios Norte just isn't worth it.
4	Los Olivos is an absolute fun place to eat some good Mexican food, yummy salsa and well prepared Margaritas!  We came here last Saturday with an out of town friend.  Our waiter Miguel kept on top of things and was always refilling our glasses. The three of us had the Bean Tostada for $4.50, the Three Soft Taco Special for $9.95 and the Huevos Rancheros for $10.95.  If you add in one double Margarita for $8.25, our bill before gratuities ran $36.58.  A great and tasty deal!Many of my fellow Yelpers have written about the Chip & Salas ad nauseum.  We echo their sentiments and say that Los Olivos Norte makes a really great Salsa.  It's not one of those commercial Sysco Foods brand stuff, but home made and very good. Los Olivos Norte is family owned and you can see that in everything they prepare.  It doesn't have that chain feel  -- it's  just carefully hand made.Enjoy!
2	Service and staff were friendly and knowledgeble.... no wait....of course after experiencing the food it is easy to see why!I would say Los Olivos is 1 very short step up from Arribas.I started with a margarita $7.00 which was quite tasty...and I am still feeling the effects...lol...Fish tacos were expensive $13.95 for 3, Boringgggggg and tasteless...*Yawn*Gazpacho was again very boring and way too peppery.   The salsas were just ok....  I think someone needs to learn about spices...The tortilla chips were stale.Did I mention the Margartia was good? lolOne of the people at our table tried the guacomole and enjoyed it but did not care for the chili rellano.  And I must admit I did enjoy the frijoles...good texture and tasty....once you doust it with hot sauce.And so goes the search for some decent mexican food in North Scottsdale area that is affordable.Would I go back to this restaurant.......Naaaaaaaaah!But the Margarita was yummy.....or did I say that already? lolIf it is generic mexican you are looking for with a "not so cheap" price tag this might be an option for you.Bon Appetite'
2	Heard about Los Olivos from a friend who had been to the original one. They had nothing but good things to say so we decided to check it out. Nothing about this place impressed me. The food was average at best and the service was terrible. We had ordered margaritas and I guess the waitress forgot to bring them buy. When we had asked for them again she told us she forgot and that it was just sitting at the bar so she would be right back. I was surprised when she brought it back because most of the ice was already melted, I figured she would bring us a fresh one but I was wrong. She didn't seem to care when I mentioned how my frozen margarita was now a lukewarm margarita.That being said, I can put up with bad service at a restaurant when the food is good but I have had better Mexican at Taco Bell. The only reason I am giving two stars is because it was at least decently priced.
2	Service was decent, even though it was busy for lunch both times.  Food came out quickly, once ordered.For the quality level of the food the cost was a bit high.  I believe the lunch specials were around $10.  The Salsa was decent, but the cooked food was greasy.   They do offer the option of black beans instead of refried, which is nice.  There are large portions, but quality of ingredients isn't there, and food is somewhat bland, requiring that you season with the salsa to get some flavor.
3	YUMMY for the tummy.  I loooove the chicken tacos.  Good and fresh and perfect.  The chips and salsa and good too.  The salsa provided is hot and mild, two different options, which is always nice.The service is good, although can be slow at times.  It's hit and miss if this place will be busy or not and seems atypical of "normal" business times. Food is a bit overpriced, especially for Mexican food, and in Arizona, where you can get just as good for a bit lower priced than Los. Overall, good quality food.
3	Chips and salsa are pretty taste and free. Service was just ok as there was only one poor guy trying to take care of about 10 of us. Also you cannot order happy hour in the dining room only at the bar and you cannot order it at the bar and bring it to your table. Boo!!! I may give them another try sometime soon.
3	Met up with the International Supper Club last week before the Magic Mike showing. The chips and salsa/guac were pretty good, and I ordered a margarita that was on special that day. Lindsey was kind enough to order some cheese quesadillas for the table, and after having a bite I decided to get a chicken quesadilla. It didn't take too long to come out, but it wasn't as crispy as the cheese one when it came out, in fact it was a little soggy :( Everything else's food looked good, and the restaurant is actually way bigger than I thought (there were two large groups in the back). It's not in my 'hood, but if I was in the area I may stop by for HH or try lunch or dinner again.
1	Questionable buisness practices. Watch out for overcharging. The waitress here tried to scam us to get a higher tip. The first bill she gave us didnt have the drinks added but way at the bottom she added gratuity of almost 7$. I probably wouldnt have caught it but the bill just seemed too high. When i complained she said there was no manager but it was by accident but the new bill had one drink. I complained again because she was only gonna give us free drinks if she could rip us off. She then informed us we had actually recieved two drinks. If she knew that, then why did she only charge us for 1. She was trying to get a big tip by making it look like she was hooking us up when in reality she was ripping us off. On top of all that the service was horrible, we got one refill and thats because I stood up and looked for someone to give us a refill. When I finally got her attention she got me a refill and never asked anyone else at the table if they needed anything.
3	Los Olivios is a solid 3 stars.  We get take out from here every now and then and have stopped in a couple of times after shopping.  This is one of my go to spots when I have vague cravings (hmmm, I know I want something that is good with a cold beer, cheap and spicy) or when I just want to pick on a bunch of stuff.  Both of these vague signals from my appetite are served by Los Olivios mini menu. We've tried the mini beef tacos, mini chicken flautas and the mini bean tostadas - decent and consistent.  We also really like the Mary Lou with red chile con carne - it's one big delicious pile of slop. Honestly, all of the food is based upon your wanting some deep fried piggishness but there are times that's just what you crave (at least I do).Pretty good salsa at this place too but I agree that the weird carafe style bottles they're served in are inconvenient though if you know a habitual double dipper, this is the place to bring them.You get a bucket of ok food at a cheap price.  It could easily be 2.5 stars but I think it deserves the extra .5 for consistency. Not "real" Mexican but A-OK.
3	I enjoyed my visit to Los Olivos Norte, but I felt that with a little more effort it could have been much, much better.  We visited during happy hour, and while the drink specials (additional food specials available for patrons in the bar area) were actually quite good, I found the service to be mediocre and the servers to be, hmmmmmm, lack-luster.  Smile.  Have fun.  Tell me it's Happy Hous, offer me a premium margarita or some other whimsical beverage...make me feel special!!  :)  The food was good, but not great.  With so many dining options in the area, I don't see myself dining at here again unless they step up the service a notch or two.
2	Why does it seem like there is an inverse relationship with the size and quality of restaurants? Unfortunately for Los Olivos, this means that although they are a super-sized restaurant (I think my whole neighborhood would fit in here for dinner), their service and food are lacking.I was dining with a large group and our servers seemed overwhelmed and confused the entire time.  I asked for water. Twice. I left my meal STILL thirsty.  Isn't water one of those things that restaurants bring patrons no matter what?  I ordered a margarita with no salt.  Would've been delicious... except it was loaded up with a salty rim. Bleh.  My friend and I shared the Pollo Fundido, which was pretty standard.  No complaints about it, but nothing stood out either. Would I return? Nope.  There are SO many quality Mexican food restaurants in town that I will be choosing somewhere else next time!
2	Service was a little slow, the tacos were delicious. What my girlfriend complained about: the guacamole had too many onions. Slow service.
2	I've come to this restaurant several times and I always hope that things will be just a bit better each time.  Each time I get the same experience.  Decent food.  Crappy service.  If I never set foot in this place again, I wouldn't miss it.  But it's one of those places that is close to the 101 and is in the neighborhood.  Chips and salsa are probably the best thing they serve.  Today I got the lunch taco's plate and the beans were old, the rice was bland and the tacos were just standard. And I had already lowered my expectations on the service based on previous visits, and they didn't disappoint.  They were just as lame as usual. Give them a star for meeting my super low expectations!
4	I went here for lunch with a coworker and we both got the lunch special that came with a cheese enchilada and a green chili tamale. The price was reasonable for lunch about $8 if I remember correctly. You get chips and salsa when you first sit down which is good because it helps to distract you from the slightly slow service. When our food finally came, it was really good. A big plate of cheesy goodness. Definitely not healthy for you though since everything is covered in cheese. This place reminds me of Macayos a bit but in my experience, I prefer this place if I were to choose between the two.
3	The hot and mild salsas were deeeeelish!! So much so that I had to buy a pint to take home.
4	I have been going to Los Olivos for more years than I care to remember.  They still have the best Mexican food in town, and you can't beat the salsa.
1	The food wasn't bad but service was terrible. It took a couple minutes for anyone to come to the front to seat me. Once I was sat it took about 15 minutes for the waitress to come ask me about my drink order(wasn't too busy either).  I ordered a tea and a margarita. The waitress didn't say anything until she reached out to take my menu before ordering. Then when I started to order(because she was taking my menu) she interrupted and said I need to see your ID( in a not so polite manner). I've been here before and the service is a little slow but obviously not bad enough to where I didn't want to come back. This experience has made me not want to come back. I will go to arribas next door when I get the feel for Mexican food.
5	Holy delicious! Los Olivos is the best Mexican restaurant I've had; which is saying something because I live in Arizona. I absolutely love their tacos and enchiladas. They have great lunch specials during the week; this is my favorite lunch spot. Request to the owners: Bring back the complimentary bean dip, please!
5	Great restaurant. We are from out of town and just googled Mexican restaurants. We were pleasantly surprised. It was a little pricey. However, I had the fish tacos and they were fabulous.
5	El mejor comida!!
1	Was up in the area for a golf tournament and wanted great Mexican food after.  I have found memories of Los Olivos in South Scottsdale.  Had been going there since I was a kid with my mother.  This was anything but the fond memories I had of the other location.   When we arrived on this Sunday afternoon, we were seated quickly and about 5 minutes later someone came by with chips and salsa.  I'm not a fan of the way they serve the salsa.  It comes in two flavors, mild-chunky, and spicier version.  Both served in mini carafes.  You have to pour out a bunch onto a small plate and fight it.  Why not just serve in the small bowls every other Mexican restaurant has found out actually works?  Whatever, that can be forgiven because the chips and salsa are fairly good.  What can't be forgiven is everything after that.  We waited at least 15 minutes before our server ever showed up asking for a drink order.  The worst mistake you can make is eating some hot salsa and salty chips after being out in the sun all day and waiting forever for a drink.  Then after taking the drink order, it was at least another 10 minutes before she brought them out. Food order put in and it came out pretty quick.  I was starving so I ordered the steak fajitas.  When they came out, they were not sizzling like you would expect fajitas to be.  These were the worst fajitas I have ever had.  It was one huge mound of onions with some mushrooms, a few slices of green pepper, and maybe 2 ounces of very dry, very overdone steak.  I had to dig through the pile of onions to search out little bits of steak.  The tortilla's that came with it were a huge mess.  They do not serve a few small tortilla's, they serve it with looks like should have been two larger tortillas that were grilled and folded up.  They came wrapped in tin foil and when I opened it up they were broken into a bunch of small pieces.  I not even sure how they possibly got that way.  just a mess, hard to eat tasteless, with terrible steak.  My wife's dish was even worse.  She ordered the #7 green corn tamale and enchilada combo.  It came out and the green corn tamale was just awful.  Had absolutely no flavor other than the feeling of biting into hunk of lukewarm lard.  She actually sent it back and to their credit they took it off the bill.  My son ordered the mini chicken chimi's.  How could they possibly mess that up right?  wrong, you can by expecting a mini chicken chimi to have chicken in it.  They came out and were 90% filled with cheese and 10% chicken.   All in all, the worst Mexican restaurant and food I had ever had.  Never going back.
3	Went on a whim today at about 1pm. Seated immediately, chips salsa and drinks right away, food delivered soon after. In and out in about 40 min, maybe sooner. Hubby ordered the burrito and I got a combo, both lunch specials. Both of us were pleased. I will return and recommend this restaurant if you are in a hurry...although, I have not been here for a lunch/dinner rush.
4	Some happy hour action here on a Friday night with HH running until 7pm. They give you free chips and salsa and that salsa comes in weird flower like vases. Not sure if they are trying to be different, but you might as well give us something we can dip our chips into cause a chip ain't fitting into that salsa casket. So, now you have to dump the salsa onto the plate and use two chips to get the chunky salsa onto your chip. Dumb. The "hot" salsa really had no kick and was more sweet than anything else. Beers were reasonable at $2.75 a pop and we tried two appetizers. The tostada's were standard with refried beans and lots of lettuce basically, but they gave about five per order at 4 bucks each. The better choice was the mini chimi's with fresh chunky guac at 6 bucks. Get it stuffed with ground beef, it was pretty good and you get four of them per order. Fairly crowded in the bar, but emptied out soon after HH ended. Good value for the stuff we ordered.
4	I love the camarones mojo de ajo! or .... garlic shrimp ;) the guacamole is fresh and plentiful as the free chips and salsa they do most of their dish justice and the happy hour is truly HAPPY!. kicking back with a few margaritas doesn't hurt either
4	First time there. Late afternoon and only a few folks there but the service was very fast and properly attentive. Agree with others -Salsa and chips are excellent. Food was very good and plentiful. Had a house margarita which was well prepared. All in all a pleasant experience.
5	The food here is amazing! Great local mexican food at great prices! Highly recommend this place.
4	I really love this place!  I've been here many times on all different occasions.  They offer a great happy hour where I enjoy the chicken quesadilla and margaritas.The decor is just okay with nothing to brag about, however, the food and service is great!  The margaritas are perfectly made and the chicken quesadilla and enchiladas are delicious.  I also really like the salsa and chips!  When getting Mexican food, I usually go for enchiladas, tacos, or a trio plate, but If you can't already tell, I absolutely LOVE the chicken quesadilla here!  Give it a try!
5	Second time here. Much better than the first. The beef tacos were Muy Delicisio! I don't know why it wasn't busier! I'll definitely be coming back.
4	The tacos and salsa are some of the best in town.  Overall I love Los Olivos, however the atmosphere at this location is only one step up from a Denny's.  I prefer takeout at this location!
2	Atmosphere =FWait Staff and Greeter Girl=DBus boy/chip boy=A+I went to dinner with  my kids tonight and the girl who sat us couldn't even smile just a little...she almost seemed annoyed that we walked in the front door.  We were seated and weren't acknowledged for a good 6 o 7 minutes.  The bus boy saw this and immediately brought chips...still no waiter.  After my son tried the hot salsa he was gasping and turning red dying for some water that the bus boy came over and took our drink order and gave us a menuThe waiter came over 2 seconds after that and asked if we were ready to order...we only had the menu for 2 to 3 seconds so no we weren't ready to order.  He said he come back....we waited for him to come back for over 10 minutes.  By the way, there was only 5 other tables being sat at...the restaurant was empty.  Our waiter NEVER smiled...seemed grumpy that he was working.  Did I tell you the bus boy/chip boy was great!!!  If it wasn't for him I would have left 1 star!  The food was just OK.  My sons got chicken tenders and fries and it tasted like the fryer hadn't been cleaned in weeks...UGH...soggy flat fries and the tenders turned a dark brown color from dirty fryer oil.Needless to say I won't be coming back.  Hope the owner looks at these reviews and does something positive....the restaurant needs some spunk/life to it.  Just very drab and plain like the wait staff!
1	Sadly, in the past couple of months, this place has declined. Service is non-existent.  I have been sitting here in the bar for 10inutes after sitting in the dining room for 15 minutes with zero acknowledgement.  The youngish girl with long dark red hair and bangs is rude and inept. I am only sitti g here to write this, then leaving. Sad. It was my favorite.
4	Food is always good.  They have the best chips & salsa/hot sauce in town.  Pretty standard but tasty fare.  The tacos are great as is the steak picado.  Can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.  It's all good.   The place is pretty basic (original location is more interesting inside)  and the service is quite respectable.  I have been coming to both locations for many years and will continue to!
5	One of our favorite Mexican food restaurants. We frequent both locations. Amazing chips and salsa and the service is always wonderful. Pablo is our favorite. Must try the Chimi! Also the green corn tamale. I could recommend a million things! Try them all!
2	Excellent food. Poor service tonight as it's during Barrett Jackson auto show and place is slammed.
1	The only reason I'm giving one star is because it's not possible to give zero stars, and the mariachi band was wonderful. Horrible food and horrible service. We won't be returning.
3	The shrimp chimichanga is a one of my favorite Mexican dishes in town. That dish is surely a 5. Everything else I have seen or tried in this restaurant seems very average. Get the shrimp chimichanga.
1	After my wonderful experiences at Los Olivos in South Scottsdale, I felt safe taking my in laws here without visiting prior. Bad decision on my part. This restaurant is a far cry from the Los Olivos I know. Terrible margaritas, food was bland, loud restaurant. I was embarrassed to bring my family here. Go to the original.
3	Great for large parties, shabby-cute, serving standard heavy Mexican fare.  This place is a big favorite with my coworkers so I've been here many times over the years.  I recommend the fajitas, which are tasty as long as you don't expect them to be a healthy option (not a taste-the-flavor-of-fresh-veggies situation).  The chips and salsa are nice, the portions are large and the seating is great for large parties with no reservation, but that does make it a pretty loud place (don't come here thinking you can effectively discuss business).
4	We stumbled upon this location while heading for a different location and decided to try.  It was really good.  They were very busy but with plenty of wait staff to keep you happy.  Food was really good and reasonably priced for it's location.  Chips and salsa are really good.  Live music good and not too loud.
5	The food is great, but Genesis (pronounced heh-neh-sis for you gringos) puts the food to shame. Tonight she is wearing sassy red lipstick that is TO DIE FOR OMG. Best bartender ever. Ask her for a tres amigos y gordo next time you're in. She won't make it for you, but she'll most likely flash you that bajillion watt smile of hers-a worthy consolation prize indeed.
1	Worst service ever! Didn't have many domestic beers an the they where not draft. We had to ask our waiter for everything.
4	Fast, relatively inexpensive, good Mexican food.  It's a good spot for lunch during the workweek.
1	Horrible!  Went there because I bought a Living Social coupon.  First of all, the booth was so uncomfortable.  The bench was way too low for the table.  Looking around I could see the same was true of the chairs at the tables.  Then there's the food.  I must say I enjoyed the chips and salsa very much.  The chips were warm and not salty, and the salsa was perfect.  I should have stopped eating at that point.  I ordered the steak fajitas -- one of my favorite dishes.  Not this one.  It was loaded with mushrooms.  Seriously, mushrooms?  Don't know what cut of meat they used, but it was tough and had NO flavor.  I actually had to salt it, which I've never done with fajitas ever!  Got to find another Mexican restaurant that knows how to cook.
5	We have been coming here for years and the Food and salsa are wonderful here. This is a family run business and our server Steve is great! Partner and I are vegetarian and Steve helped with getting an order customized for us. One of the best Mexican food places in Arizona!
4	Service was good. I loved the chips and salsa. Burrito was very good too. The meat was phenomenal.... Super tender flank steak carne asada . The decor is very outdated but it added some charm.  Mariachi music was pretty cool too. Food was a little pricey but overall a thumbs up.
5	The food is fantastic,  the margaritas are killer and the mariachi band is amazing!  You have to check it out and tell them Whitney sent you.
3	Went here for a quick dinner. Food was just average, not too special and not as good as I would expect in the Mexican restaurant. I had an impression that we were a bit neglected by the waiter and waitress, maybe because we had a small order and didn't feel like drinking tons of alcohol, not sure. Salsa was good, but I need a bit more to Mexican restaurant than a good salsa.
2	Went for Friday night dinner.   I have been to the one in Old Town Sdale and didn't think that experience was good.  Well, Norte was about the same.   Chips & salsa were fine.  My Cadillac Margarita was okay and had a kick of alcohol but just tasted like a premade mix.   Steak fajitas were a big disappointment.  Beef was way overcooked and was really tough and tasteless.   My friend ordered the chicken chimi and didn't care for his too.   Mariachi band was kind of fun playing in the background.  Service was fine.   Won't be coming back to either Los with so many other good Mexican places in the Valley to choose from.   Honestly, we should have just gone to Chipotle for carry out and made our own margaritas at home.
1	Ugh this place is Nasty !!!! Overpriced & tonight's meal was inedible had to send back. I went for a birthday dinner have been here multiple time each time gets more disappointing the service is ok that's why I would give the one star but next time I will not return. There was a party of 9 of us there & at least 3 of us got sick within 2 hrs of eating here must have been the salsa & cheese crisp which we all had to bad cause that was the only editable part that I had ;( I have been to the other location many times & it's a step up but this location I would stay clear of so many other choices near by.
2	We've tried giving this place the benefit of the doubt so many times, and now we're just over it. We won't be returning.The service is terrible, whether it's slow or busy in there.  Came around 4:30 after a movie, a few tables in the bar area but most were finishing up.  Server took about 10 mins. to come and get our drink order. Finally brought our soft drinks, but no chips/salsa. We ordered a cheese crisp (very good) and it came out about 2 mins. after the chips/salsa finally came.We split a combo dinner, which was very tasty. We needed drinks refilled but that didn't happen until we flagged down the server.  Never checked on us to see how anything tasted or if we needed anything, just terrible.Similar experience about 2 wks later, came again at dinner time, server took our order but didn't bring sugar for our tea. I asked her about it, never came. Then our meals came, our drinks were empty, she asked if we needed anything and I told her, "Yah, sugar for our drinks, and DRINKS!" in a nice way.  It didn't faze her, she seemed oblivious.  Never checked on us to find out if we needed anything, or how the meal was. Sucky service every single time, no wonder they keep putting the Groupon deals out but alas even that will not bring us back. Stick to Arriba's for great service and excellent food.
3	Two years ago, it would have had a 5 star rating from me. I live nearby and go at least once a week for a quick bite. Their salsa is the best. I like their food, but the service has declined beyond acceptable. They can have 10 people in the restaurant and you may wait ...and wait. The food also isn't as good as it once was. Makes me sad, because I really liked it so much more in the past.
3	Thus is a convenient lunch spot with decent lunch specials. Service is hit and miss and the food can be a little heavy,  then again it's good ol Sonoran Mexican food. It leaves a little a little to be desired.
5	Food was super yum. Yum yum. It took a little long to get some water, which we really needed because we were pigging out on the delicious salsas. Carne Asada with enchilada plate was amazing... Super soft meat seasoned really well. The bean and cheese burro was on the money. Whatever this place lacks it makes up for in food quality.
4	This is one of my favorite spots to sneak out for lunch. The lunch specials are amazing. I'm a big fan of the 2 tacos, or the Taco and the cheese Enchilada.  In a small group setting, the service is amazing. However, once time I brought my Team from work (10 members) in for an off-site lunch meeting. I made reservations several days in advance. They brought us to the back of the restaurant, and it took a solid 10 minutes for someone to come by with water. Then took several more long moments to bring our drink orders. Once we finally ordered our food, it took near 40 minutes for everyone to get served (this is including one member of my team who had to wait an additional 5 or so minutes from the rest of my group)  The food was still delicious, and very affordable. We were just disappointed in the service for a large group. All in all, this is a great lunch spot, with consistent and delicious food. Just don't bring a big group.
