4	I was surprised to walk into Green Light and see artwork from one of my fellow classmates from high school posted in the front of the studio.  Bracken had a set of beautiful oil paintings with a veggie theme like Coupling Peppers.  This was my favorite one, because the loving peppers were embracing each other and full of color while the rest of the world behind them was dim and bleak.  Green Light had a big open room of paintings and then several open rooms with art from many different painters and photographers.  I liked small rooms more, it allowed me to become more intimate with each piece rather than be surrounded by gawking, impatient strangers.  There was one last piece that I thoroughly enjoyed called the Tree of Secrets.  It was made from twigs and it had a little creature poking its head out from a hole in his twig house.  In front of the sculpture  there were pens and slips of notebook paper to write secrets on and throw inside the little man's abode.  I loved it here, I will definitely return.
4	Green Rice is one of my favorite galleries in Charlotte. In addition to exhibiting the paintings and other work of various artists, five artists have studio space in the gallery. So if you stop there you might get to watch them work on a new piece or explore their art that's on display. Green Rice is a must-see if you're on a gallery crawl or just hanging out in NoDa. I particularly love the textile-inspired artwork of Allison Hertzler, who started the gallery about five years ago.
5	I checked out Green Rice last night at the gallery crawl, and I was really impressed. They have a great collection, and I like the setup where you can see artists' works in progress whose completed works are on display. It's neat to be able to see behind-the-scenes in this way.Holt McLean's art was particularly impressive to me last night, and they have many of his pieces. It's rich, sensual work, almost as if the paint had been globbed onto the canvas...as much sculptural as painted. I wish I could do that.And honestly, Green Rice had the best cookies of the gallery crawl, AND apple cider.
4	Gallery Owner, Carla Garrison constantly puts together one of the most innovative and thought provoking local art collections month after month.Its fantastic local art at a reasonable price.  And the space is awesome for hosting events.  A couple of friends of mine got married there last year and the gallery was tailored perfectly for the ceremony.Carla has also started a "rent an artist for the day" program where you can get one of her talented local artists to come out and capture your special day on canvas.She has a number of artists using studio space in the gallery, so you can occassionally see some works in progress.You definitely need to swing by on one of the legendary NoDa gallery crawls that are held the first and third Friday of every month.
2	One of the worst. It's more of an cluttered gift shop.
1	This gallery closed in August 2011.http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=green%20rice%20gallery%20closing&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CFYQFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.charlotteviewpoint.org%2Farticle%2F2505%2FNoDa---Still-Charlottes-arts-district&ei=P97kT7SOFoOQ8wTF-vHjCQ&usg=AFQjCNF7AOdmpanwf_4TP-Kem1s0GcfMhw&sig2=m4VjSdfCXCkJeBXWQ5yASw
