2	This place was old - old - old. The lady at the front desk barely lifted her eyes enough to tell me there were "newer" novels in a small shelf in the front. I like to find old treasures at places like this but it didn't seem to have anything too exciting. The newer novels weren't bad but there was only a very small section in which I only found one novel that caught my attention. Wouldn't go back...
2	It appears we've reached a common consensus: Westgate Book Exchange is severely lacking in customer service. Upon entering, my friend and I received only a clipped "hello" and a discouraging glare. The store stocks mostly fantasy and romance novels, mainly the latter. Compared to most other used bookstores, it is extremely well organized, which may be a plus to some. The few books that I wanted were overpriced, only half off the original value. The Amber Unicorn has MUCH better pricing and selection in my experience. After shopping around for a bit, I asked the owner, who looks like everyone's favorite grandmother, about her trading and buying policies. While the store does trade AND buy, she strongly discouraged me trying to sell or trade, as she has "very, very high standards." She immediately put her nose back to her notebook before I had to the chance to reply.I don't know how the economy is doing on her side of the world, but apparently she doesn't need help from any bothersome customers.  I, for one, will be taking my patronage elsewhere.
1	Soooooooooo DISAPPOINTED! I LOVE BOOKS!  I love the smell of the paper, I love to touch the pages as I read (you'll NEVER catch me with an E-Reader/Kindle etc. NEVER!!!).  I especially LOVE used book stores.  I love the fact that there are others out there who have the same love and appreciation for reading as I do!  Reading is like a lost art in my opinion!This place DIDN'T DO IT FOR ME.....I'm so disappointed!  There's no organization to the books and they are lacking terribly in stock.  I prefer books about the military, war, history, bios and auto bios........this place was littered with ROMANCE novels.  BLAAAAAAHHHHHHH!   :(I was however, able to find three of four books that I wanted to purchase admidst the chaos, and when I removed my bank card from my wallet, I was subjected to my least favorite phrase, "We don't accept credit cards, only cash!"  What?  What in the hell?  Who doesn't "accept" bank cards for crying out loud?  I'm not a cash carrying person, I'm just not and probably never will be.So, this story concludes with:  I most likely will never rerturn to this bookstore, and I am still in search of another.*If you know of any great used book stores in town, please message me because I'd love to check them out!:)
5	I am visiting Las Vegas for just a day in the middle of a long road trip and was desperate to replenish my book supply. Westgate Books did the trick and I had a WONDERFUL and lengthy book-centered conversation with the owner/manager. I found her extremely kind, helpful and VERY knowledgeable. THANK YOU!!!
