3	As I've noticed in Montreal, the decor was amazing. A tower of skipping stones, art drawn on the walls, and written beneath it "From wine what sudden friendship springs," a quote they love enough to print on all of the wine glasses.The bread was wonderfully soft with a crunchy crust. It's always a good sign when you ask for more bread and don't feel like you're wasting your appetite. Our waitress was very friendly, and we received a small spoonful of their tomato soup to try. As to the main courses, the grilled Arctic char was very flavorful, and the provencal halibut was delicious in a garlic sauce.Unfortunately, those were the items my dining partners ordered. I received the poached salmon with hollendaise sauce and a salad on the side. The greens tasted a little unwashed, but not enough to ignore. The few bites of broccoli and cauliflower were blander than I expected. And apparently poaching a salmon is a good way to drain some of the taste. I tried using the hollendaise to give it some flavor, but the sauce wasn't very exciting as well. I'll never leave salmon uneaten, but I wouldn't order that dish again.It's a nice restaurant, and I would give the wait staff 4 stars, but overall this is a 3.5, rounded down for the multitude of restaurant choices in Montreal.
5	We had a great at this resto which was recommended by the concierge in our hotel. The staff was great and very accommodating . One of our best meals in Montreal
3	We were a group of 6 and were guided through the menu by our waiter who was not always the most attentive. They apparently had ran out of clean cutlery when I asked for another fork!  Food quality was great very fresh.Some of the info on portions was way off and my husband had to order another entree... but in all the food was good.Nothing exceptional, simply put standard fare for the price.
5	A must in Montreal - amazing seafood and great company
5	My favorite Go To spot in Montreal! Have been each year for the last 4 years and it's just as amazing each time. My favorite is the Seafood pasta, quite expensive at $54 a plate, but definitely worth the splurge! The service is awesome and always attentive and helpful with any questions we might have! Definitely recommend!
5	I go over there practically every time I'm in Montreal and have never been disappointed. From the escargots to the rack of lamb by way of the "Pate de Foie". One of the best spots in Montreal. Also ask Chris for his expression shots you'll be ready for the rest of the evening in Montreal!
5	Went there for lunch today. The place has a great vibe. Not too quiet and not too noisy.. Just perfect for a business lunch.The food was awesome. I had the scallop ceviche as an entree which was very fresh and melted in my mouth. For the main course, i tried the beer battered fish and chips. By far the best I tasted in Montreal.The staff was very attentive and the service was great.Will definitely go again.
5	If you like fine dining, this is a must visit. While Old Montreal isn't necessarily on everyone's list of go-to places in winter, Chez Delmo offers a great dining experience where you can enjoy the food as well as the conversation of your company.My wife and I enjoyed the Dover sole and sea bass - both were fantastic, as was the rest of our meal. Our server (Stephanie) was perfectly charming and professional at the same time. We'll be back again on our next visit to Montreal.
