5	I first met Dee at a school fair where she had a booth set up and we chatted a bit about colonics.  I had been feeling some abdominal discomfort lately and I knew it was time to do something about it.  I waited a few weeks and the pain got worse, and I finally made an appointment to see Dee right before Xmas.  This was my first colonic.  Dee's system is state of the art, and she made me feel incredibly comfortable.  Dee and I made some interesting discoveries  in my poop (parasites) and she made sure to follow up with me afterwards to see how things were going.  At the end of the colonic Dee gives you a probiotic pill and a coconut water before sending you on your way, to make sure you start getting back the good stuff that you lost during the colonic.  I dropped five pounds of poop that day.  Dee offers cleansing programs and package deals, but never pressures you to buy.
5	Yay!  I love Dee!  She is very knowledgable and makes you feel right at home.  This is the first time I've tried an open system other than Libbe equipment, but it is just as excellent.  If you feel like crap and don't know why, it's probably because you are full of it.  :)
5	This was such a wonderful experience... my first of many colonics.  I was in my Holistic Nutrition class, taught by a well-known author. She herself discussed the importance of colonics in class.  Then, my classmate next to me (who is a raw food chef for an alternative cancer treatment center) mirrored the importance of colonics, raving about  Dee Munsterman.  Our teacher could not solicit or mention anyone, but I later learned that Dee Munsterman is her colonhydrotherapist (CHT) as well!  Any way, after learning all in class I had to try.  I had "Detox"ed before but still wondered what could exist from decades of eating chemically processed, pesticide-ridden, sugar-loaded CRAP (Cruel, Refined, Artificial, Processed) food...Once I got there, Dee approached and just had the warmest smile and the coolest shirt!  It had a stick figure that celebrated "I POOPED TODAY".  Dee was very professional, and the shirt was just the most comforting thing for me to see.  It showed her humor, and just how comfortable she was with what is a natural process. I immediately felt less embarrassed about the whole ordeal and at ease as I am a bit of a witty person myself!For someone who is quite a "clean eater", I still had a lot of "matter" that was obviously stuck to my intestinal lining and never eliminated despite my juice detox the week prior.  Now, you don't have to juice, but  if you do prior, the chances of getting further into the lining might be possible.  The cool part is that I know very little about this...and Dee explained it all in a light, fun, informative way. It exceeded my expectations and I feel so much lighter and cleaner. My energy levels were through the roof, and I even felt enlightened.  Somewhat euphoric and just "feel good" because I was taking care of my body and hadn't felt that clean ever before.  Like a level of health we should feel daily, but have gotten so far from in society with the Standard American Diet (SAD).  Please consider at the very least, calling Dee. She'll make you feel as if you are her only client, giving you her undivided attention in a charismatic, genuine and knowledgeable way!
5	This was quite an experience.  I felt so much energy after completing 3 colonics 3 weeks apart.  If you think it's gross than you have to remember the alternative is all of that waste staying inside your body...THAT"s gross.  It's a wonderful detoxification of the liver!  I am going to start going monthly!
5	Dee is fabulous, knowledgeable and makes you feel super comfortable. Great experience, and a must try for those on the fence!
