4	Jamba juice would be the happist place on earth but for two problems:1.) The sound of six blenders working in overdrive simultaneously makes my brain bleed and,2.) The Bunny Ranch is the happiest place on earth. As JJ's go, this one is typically clean and staffed with the typical compliment of perky teen-agers all reeking of over-ripe fruit.   Is it expensive for a smoothie?  Hell yeah.  Is it probably out of your way in the morning? Yeah (unless you're a poor shmuck and work at the McDonalds next door).  Are you going to make smoothies on your own using  4 different fruits and orange sherbert complete with nebulously defined "boosts?"  Fuck no.   Drop the $5 and get a smoothie from Jamba.   Jambo means hello, but Jamba means corporate health-craze capitalism.  Hip, Hip.....hooray.
4	The smoothie could have been mixed a little bit better, unless you like sucking banana pieces up your straw. Teenage girls behind the counter were perky. Although I was the only patron in the store at the time, they asked my name when I placed my order. Odd, I thought, but cool. Very clean place with limited seating. Music was loud, though. Guess the teens were jammin' with Jamba.
4	I like Jamba Juice.I like this particular location as well.Like Alicia, the place was JAMbING loud with music-- like really loud, like I thought I turned into my parent's b/c I almost wanted to say, "Can you turn the music down, it's hurting my ears."I bit my tongue and anxiously awaited for my Orange-A-Peel.  It was good.  It was exactly what I expected and wanted at that very moment. Clean, nice staff, good smoothie.  Just loud.
4	I have never really put too much thought into places like this, there really isn't THAT much that goes into a stop at Jamba juice... However, on one particular morning, I visited Jamba to get oatmeal and a carrot juice and couldn't have been more impressed with how fantastic the staff was!  I had a nice, comfortable conversation with the girl who worked the register, I believe her name was Maggie, it probably helped that they weren't busy but it was a very nice experience that pretty much paved the way for an awesome day.  And I really can't complain about the smoothies there, I think they're good, but the oatmeal was incredible!  Yummy yummy yummy!!!
1	Why would a person want to go into a place where they virtually never get your order right.  How does an order for 2 large pomegranate smoothies with wheat grass blended in become half a banana with a side of wheat grass and a small pomegranate smoothie with a side of wheat grass?  What is worse when the fellow making the order argues with you that the order is right and you are wrong?  This is typical of the place.  A friend likes to go in there or they'd never see me again.  I make them read back what I order or they don't get my AMEX,   You can make then print out an itemized receipt.  I'd suggest it.   In all fairness, I can tell you they have gotten my order correct one and a half times.  That's not saying much is it.The company could also spend a little money on some sound proofing this place.  I agree with Nadia C, with all the mixers going and the music, it's not some place you want to be for long.  But, they could spend the money to train their staff to learn how to ring orders properly, so making the place a little more quiet obviously is wishful thinking.The parking leaves a lot to be desired now that the Verizon office is a few doors down from them.  You'd better be fast when there is an empty spot or it can really become ugly.The best thing I can say for the place is they have good oatmeal.I have truly enjoyed writing this review!If you really want a much better smoothie go to Robeks on the NE corner of 16th and Camelback,  It's cleaner, nicer set up, and they have a magic ability to get your order right.
5	This was my first destination every morning for about 2 months straight in summer 2010!  Sucker for the Pomagranite Pick Me Up, the workers at this location are all nnice
5	The staff is always so friendly here. Very quick and a great way to distract yourself while waiting for the Verizon next door to call your name!
5	I am new to Jamba, however i am surprised at the AMAZING customer service that this store dishes out. One of the workers there has always noticed me as a regular customer. He has a stellar personality, gave me a 20% off card and sometimes has my order ready by the time i finish paying the cashier. He's always very bright and smiling or laughing with his co-workers, I believe his name is Christian. He suggested a banana oatmeal with peanut butter the other morning and i have to say that it has been the most incredible oatmeal i have ever had!!! (You must try this) At times i visit the store twice a day simply because i cannot get enough Jamba Juice!!
5	Everything about this place is 5 star:~ The product is yummilicious~ The atmosphere is intentionally upbeat~ The price is fair~ Consistently consistent~ Convenient. The service is quick, so I can get out the door & on with my life.
5	Friendly!Loving the Chunk Strawberry Topper!!! It has fresh cut bananas on top, strawberries, peanut butter, non fat yogurt, soymilk, pumpkin flax seed granola...sounds delicious right? Well it is. I would like to venture out and try the others like this but they sound kinda tart. There is a berry, mango, and acai topper...maybe next time.On occasion I get the wheat grass shot for fun. It's nasty tasting but it is supposed to be good for ya.Oh and fun seat dancing music while you wait.
5	OMG this is the best jamba juice in town, they make their smoothies nice and thick, not all watery like most jambas do they make it just right, I'm addicted to jamba  juice all over again =D the staff is nice and I just love it. Probably be back tomorrow, if I have time.
5	In my opinion, this is the best Jamba Juice location in Phoenix. It doesn't look like much, as it's tucked inside a strip mall, but you will not disappointed! Workers are always friendly and smoothies are always top-notch. I think this is partly because this is the "model" or "training" facility for other Jamba Juices in the area. Go here!
5	Friendly staff, great smoothies every single time!
5	My Jamba order is consistently the same, so it is easy for me to compare them all... and this is the one of the more reliable and consistent locations in the Phoenix area!  Seriously, what's not to love about JJ anyway... five stars!
4	I'm cheating on Robeks....and it sucks but I have to give props where they're due and the four stars is mainly for the friendly staff that this location has. The abundance of hello's and how are you's is sometimes a little much but they always have smiles and it shows in their ginormous tip jar.The smoothies are good. As fresh tasting as Robeks? No. But since the location closed down (which makes me sad as me thinks the chain isn't doing as well as I would think it would be) this is the next best thing and it ain't that bad! I'll check back in once I've had more of their other options like the fruit only smoothies as well as the veggie/fruit smoothies.
5	I'm always jumping for Jamba Juice. This tucked away location that is next to Verizon Wireless in a strip mall has some of the friendliest staff around. They fit the culture.My Jamba Juice experience is always a blast. It is my morning boost of energy to help start my day. Who needs coffee when you have a healthy option that gives you your daily recommended amount of fruits or veggies along with a free boost. Jamba Juice offers more then just smoothies. They have tasty, snacks, breakfast baked goods and oatmeal. They recently added meal deal options such as burritos that you can take with you along with a smoothie. If you haven't already be sure to "Go Jamba!"
5	Don't come to Jamba often but when I do, I always have a good/quick experience with a delicious smoothie.
3	The employees were absolutely wonderful and friendly and amazing. In saying that, however, I have ordered a topper (different types mind you) and each time I get them they are runny and inedible with a spoon so I usually end up drinking this runny, granola mix with chunks of bananas in it. So I guess I will just have to order a regular smoothie next time or try a different Jamba Juice.
1	The smoothie I had today was not wonderful. And the staff did a great job of disrespecting me. I am very unhappy with the way I was treated.
5	Apple n greens is pretty darn tasty. Always good.  Love the consistent results and customer service.  I'm fan.
5	Love this place . good healthy food. Great service great drinks. This is very clean too.
4	Very good experience overall.  Fast, friendly service.  Knowledgeable order taker and smoothie was good.Keeping it from a 5 star was the lack of a clear choice of a low carb or low sugar smoothie - menu nutritionals are confusing.
1	Horrible. Don't go to this location. They don't follow the parent company's lead.
1	This location does not accept Groupons, stay away from here and go somewhere else.  You'll have a headache by the time you get out of the store.
2	Typically I have a good experience here, but tonight the closing shift didn't care about anything other then the cell phones and talking to friends. It took 4x longer than any other visit to any other store. The floor was also extremely sticky. Not in one spot, but the entire floor.
