5	David Ramos is the guy I use when I need an infestation inspection on one of my listings. What reminded me is of his treatment or consideration of my last inspection I had him do today. As the home is set up he could have said yeah we need to treat, but being the honest guy he is, he found no activity and just billed me for the inspection. Hey these folks are hurting just like everyone else right now and it would have been real easy to lie and no one would know any difference. So if you need monthly treatment for your home, give him a try. He is a nice honest hard working guy.
5	I was referred to David by my Realtor.  I couldn't be more happy with their service.  I stated that I was already 3 days into my inspection period and they were happy to schedule the termite inspection the very next day and I called them at 5pm.  It was easy too, I just went to their website to fill out the form and they called me back right away and told me they were good to go.  The following week I was at the property with my home inspector who said he thought he saw a trail of termites, so I called David back and he immediately went over and investigated the problem  Turned out, it was just dirty, and not termite infestation.  Thanks to House Doctor Exterminating, for making my home buying experience that much more smooth.
5	As a real estate investor, I need contractors that I can truly count on to get things done for me.  This means that my calls get returned in a timely fashion, work is done properly, quickly and competently but most importantly, that I get quoted a fair price for a good job.  Don't give me drama and definitely, don't give me any bullshit excuses or sales pitches.I'm so glad to have found David and Tracy.  They run a tight ship, they are extremely professional and I sensed their sincerity from the word hello and I talk to contractors and real estate agents almost every single day.Thank you for a job well done.  You have definitely made the cut as part of my go to crew, not only for my rental properties but as a highly recommended vendor to my Sonoran desert friends, colleagues and neighbors.Cheers!!
5	I don't remember exactly when I met David. As a home inspector, I seemed to be running into him several times per month. David is one of the most reliable and honest professionals I have met. I was present when a home buyer thought it would be a good idea to treat for termites, and David talked her out of it. Said it wasn't necessary. He also lets people know if they can obtain treatment from an existing warranty which means they don't have to spend additional money. A great guy; family run business with two generations of experience, terrific personality and a beautiful family.
5	I found this company here on Yelp and went with it because of all the high reviews.  This company deserves them!  They did a one time treatment for sewer roaches and while they were here also found termites and showed me where they were.  They were able to treat them with a one time fix instead of trying to sell me monthly treatments.  This is not a company that pushes sales they just do what you ask them to and they do it well.  I would recommend them to anyone having a sewer roach problem or termite problem.
5	David and his crew have been nothing but wonderful to work with. My realtor recommended him for my home inspection two years ago, and have since used his company's services for monthly pest control, and now for our termite visitors. He and his company are great to deal with and can usually accommodate a same-day or next-day appointment. They'll even call me back to follow-up months later when I tell them to call me at a later time. Have recommended him to family and friends, and everyone has just been impressed. Highly recommended and I wouldn't do business with anyone else in this field.
5	Awesome company.  They came out to my house to inspect for termites, found none, and then charged me nothing at all!  David was very professional and helpful.  Highly recommended!
5	Excellent service always.  Fair prices always.  Punctuality always.  Reliable always.  Over 30 of my real estate clients have used House Doctor Exterminating.  Not one complaint ever.  Highly recommended.
5	I needed termite treatment on my home and the estimate I received from Terminex was around $3000. Ouch!I looked on YELP to get 2nd or 3rd opinions and found the great reviews for House Doctor Exterminating.Not only was this company, prompt, courteous and professional, they also beat the 'other guys' bids by ALOT! After meeting with the owner, David, and getting the bid, I felt that I no longer had to keep looking.His team came out within days, arrived on time and cleaned up any mess that they made.This company also offers new customer specials, which was appreciated! David is super friendly and down to earth guy that makes you feel comfortable and well cared for.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
3	These are very nice and helpful people to work with. Unfortunately I was repeatedly stood up when I was told they would be out.  I gave them multiple chances to correct their scheduling errors, but it never got any better.  I was sad to have to let them go. But if you can't rely on them to show up, you waste your time and money waiting around for them.
4	We are having a cricket problem at our house, so after reading reviews on yelp first, I called House Doctor Exterminating yesterday. They were helpful and informative over the phone and had an exterminator at my house this morning. He showed up on time, answered my questions and gave me some recommendations. I can already see several crickets dead from the treatment.
5	Called today after going to yelp to find a good pest company i can trust and the House Dr had great views so i gave them a call. I thought i might have a termite problem but after a few questions from Dave he figured it wasnt termites i have but crickets! Dave even walked me through google pics to ensure what i saw. He also gave me a great price and worked with my schedule to get an appt set for next week. If i go w the other reviews i pretty sure the service will be great too! If not i will repost but doubt i will have too. Give them a call if you need a pest co.
5	I had a very good experience with this company and suggest you call them out if you have any exterminating needs.They promptly came out to my home and performed the treatment exactly when they said they would.I saw termite tunnels, called 3 exterminators for treatment plans and an estimate.David with House Doctor was clearly the most knowledgeable.The 2 other companies confirmed the tunnels we found were termites, one company did not find any other tunnels, the second company found one other area with tunnels area, David from House Doctor was the only one to find all areas in my home that had tunnels.Their plan for treatment was much more extensive than the others and their estimate was within a few dollars of the lowest estimate and hundreds lower than the third company.Bottom line they provided the highest level of expertise, the most through job, a 5 year guarantee all at the most competitive price.The only thing negative i can say is that I had to wait a few weeks before they had time to treat my home but I guess when you do a great job for a fair price you are in demand.
1	Fired!!!What I love most about this site is that a business can only fake it for so long before savory Yelpers catch on. I hired these guys to kill termites 18 months ago based upon Yelp reviews and the unbelievable price quote that was conducive to my budget.  The quote was half that of the closest bid and included a 5 year guarantee. In hindsight I find it interesting that other than Yelp, few online reviews exist about this outfit. I waited almost a month for service and feeling relieved that termites were no longer destroying my home I intended to post a mostly favorable review until the discovery of bugs dropping dirt from the ceiling.  A quick call and I was instructed to wait a month for the magic termite killer elixir to work.  A month later the situation was only getting worse and was given a service appointment for the next month.  The pleasant office lady advised they were a small business and were very busy.  On the day of the appointment I stayed home from work and waited to no avail. No service person showed up or called.  The next Monday I was able to contact someone in their office and schedule another service this time I got lucky and would only have to wait three weeks.Three weeks later a service man showed up two hours after the scheduled appointment looked at my termite mess and sprayed the magic elixir outside.  Fifteen minutes later he left and the next day termites were building more mud huts in the ceiling.  When I questioned the service I was told (again) to wait a month for the magic elixir to work.  A month later I was given a service appointment and waited three weeks.  No one showed for that appointment nor did I get a call so I decided to get some second opinions before my house collapsed.From two exterminators and a state inspector I learned my house had only been partially serviced and the number of gallons of the magic elixir was not sufficient to protect against the kind of termites in the ceiling.   It seems exterminators save money and labor costs by only servicing around the outside and not underneath the home where termites nest. I also learned that the owners claim of being in business for 40 years did not jive with state records that show he has only had his business license for about 5 years.Armed with an education on termites and upset I was sold a partial treatment I went down to their Phoenix office to get a refund and discovered the office location listed is a mail box inside a UPS Store.  I was talked into another service appointment which someone showed up for (only 30 minutes late).  When I inquired about the termite problems in the ceiling the serviceman said it was a common occurrence and that I should not worry.  I also asked about the favorable reviews and why no one had posted this "common occurrence?"  He informed me most of the reviews were written by the owner, his wife and family.  That would explain why very few other reviews exist for this outfit besides Yelp.  Needless to say the termites continued to get worst in the ceiling and moved into the bathroom.  I hired another exterminator who found termites in two other areas and serviced my entire home.  The termites have stopped dropping dirt so my fingers are crossed.  I will follow up in a couple months on the current exterminator.
5	I would highly recommend House Doctors Exterminating--and have--to numerous others who are experiencing termite problems.     I am on the Board of an HOA and we have seven buildings in our complex.  We wanted to take some positive action (as an ounce of prevention is definitely worth a pound of cure), and had noted a few termite tunnels here and there.  We contacted David Ramos who was so incredibly informative, patient and helpful.  He went out of his way to assist us...even providing a site where we could research when and what units in our complex had previously been treated for termites and by what companies.    We explained our situation to him that we would be accruing the monies over a period of time (7 months), but would like to start the process as soon as possible.  We did our homework and researched the different termicides on the market and discovered that House Doctors used only the very best.  We also gave other companies the opportunity to bid and to work with us pertaining to how much money we could pay and over what period of time.  David's offer far exceeded all other offers.  He truly went out of his way to work with us.  He provided a 5-year guarantee, which very few companies do.  (We are already starting to budget for continuing his contract when the 5-year guarantee runs out!)    All of his staff were highly professional and dealt with every complication imaginable: climbing over fences to access back patios, intense heat in the summer, no public bathroom on site, and so many other issues, not to mention dealing with a very stressed out board member (me).  His staff arrived on time, every time....working full, long, hot, tiring days, always with a willing and positive attitude!  BRAVO!  They always brought the proper tools with them (ladders/brooms/drills/generator/etc.); in essence, they came prepared!  David co-ordinated with my schedule and always assured me that if we saw any termite activity (because it does take time for all of those little bugs to be wiped out), he would be happy to schedule his crew to revisit and retreat. Having dealth with David and his wife, Tracey, and their crew over a 7 month period, I can honestly say:  WE DID A BIG FAVOR FOR OUR HOA BY HIRING HOUSE DOCTORS.  I hope you will feel the same way if you give David an opportunity to give you a bid.
5	Great service. Called first thing in the morning and explained that I had 2 young kids and an ant problem. The lady I spoke with (Tracey) was extremely helpful and worked me right in. I had a guy out to my house an hour latter and he took care of the problem. I would highly, highly recommend House Doctor.
5	For now, five stars!  I was also referred to David at House Doctor by my Realtor.  He was able to get someone out there for inspection the next day. They saw mud tubes and sent me a thorough report of where they were located and quoted me an extremely reasonable price.  Two and a half months later we're finally closed!  I called David this morning and, again, he's able to get someone out there to treat my house tomorrow.  Price didn't change from the estimate, and it comes with another inspection again in a year.  They've always been friendly and honest with me.  This is the first house I've ever owned, and I feel like I'm in good hands with House Doctor taking care of my pests.
5	Addendum to my 3/4/2013 posting:  We are having a garage built and found out that we needed to have a termite treatment prior to the pouring of the cement foundation.  I called David 3 days before the pour and he set me up the afternoon before the pour...saying he would leave open slots for 3 days...just needed to let him know when they needed to be there to do the treatment.  I give them 5 stars....and would recommend NO ONE ELSE to take care of your termite needs!!!!!!
5	Ah, House Doctor Exterminating-- thank you for solving my pest control woes. After a lengthy search for an exterminator with a good attitude, I found House Doctor Exterminating and couldn't be more pleased. Here is my situation: I live in a town home and learned that our next door neighbors have bed bugs (nooooooooooo!!!!). We share a wall with these neighbors, so naturally, my boyfriend and I tore our place apart looking for any evidence of bed bugs. Good news! We don't have them, so we wanted to call a professional to spray to prevent any infestation issue (even though I had already spread diatomaceous earth around our baseboards, in our electrical outlets, and behind our light switches).My experience with House Doctors started with a very pleasant phone call with Josh, whose ability to directly answer my questions and reassure me about the bed bug issue really sold me on this business. I spoke with Josh on Friday, and they were booked until Monday. I was looking for someone sooner than that, but after a series of discouraging calls with other pest control businesses-- I happily called House Doctors back for a Monday appointment.When I asked Josh what the price range would be, he asked me about the size of my home and a yard, and happily gave me a "ball park" idea of what the price would be, explaining that the price (of course) specifically depends on the size of my home/what they find in the home/ how much chemical and how much time was required to complete the job. And...guess what else, Yelpers? No contracts or commitments or monthly services. Only want one spray? Then, one spray you will get!I mentioned in our conversation that I appreciated Josh's willingness to discuss cost with me, because I had been laid off and was concerned about money. Josh went the EXTRA MILE and asked me what price I could afford. I told him and he said he could make it happen-- and you know what? He did! I was completely taken off guard by this and couldn't have been more pleased. I genuinely wanted to cry with joy.I set up an appointment for Monday (which was today). I asked Josh if House Doctors did email confirmations so I could let my landlord know. He explained that they didn't usually, but took my email address down, and not five minutes after we got off the phone, I had an email confirming the appointment. I got a call this morning from Josh, alerting me that the technician would be late, and he apologized. Fortunately, the change in schedule actually worked better for us, as it gave us a chance to finish vacuuming and pulling furniture away from the walls. I mostly really appreciated the advanced notice. Tony was the technician who serviced our home today. When he arrived, he was incredibly apologetic for being late. We explained that it wasn't an issue and toured him around our place for the inspection and spray. AWESOME NEWS, Yelp! Tony confirmed that we do not have bed bugs!!! Tony was very reassuring about the issue and both my boyfriend and I appreciated his laid back sense of humor. We couldn't have been more pleased with him. Tony was happy to spray any of the places that I pointed out on our tour. He was also very thorough and efficient. I was expecting this to take at least an hour, and it was nowhere near that! Fast and friendly service?! What could be better?From beginning to end, my interaction with House Doctor Exterminating was an awesome experience. 5 stars for being efficient and to the point, both on the phone and in my home. I will be calling them next month for another preventative spray and would highly recommend them to anyone who is in the market.Thanks, House Doctors!!!
5	House Doctor Exterminating is the best!  David Ramos is a great guy.  He gave me a very reasonable rate that I could afford to treat my house and take care of a termite infestation with the most activity in my garage.  He checked out my house for almost an hour, and even checked to give me advice on a water leak, also in my garage)!  I needed the service to be done at a certain time, as I work from home and needed to be available for conference calls.  His employee arrived at my house right at 8 am (I needed him to arrive before 9 am to let him in, etc).  They did their work, cleaned up afterwards, and left around 11 am.  I am thrilled and relieved to have this termite situation taken care of, and the treatment came with a 5-year warranty.  They are the BEST.
5	Great service. Dependable. Reliable. Punctual. Super communication. Gave my home buyer a warranty, and all for a great price on a whole house termite treatment. What's not to like? Will use them again without hesitation.
5	We noticed termite mud tunnels along the outside base of our walls and had House Doctor come out to give us a quote.  They were very professional and competitively priced.  They also pointed out termite damage in our garage that other termite companies didn't notice.  The follow-up after the treatment process was very good.  All in all, we were very happy with the service they provided.
5	David Ramos is awesome! The first day I reached out to House Doctor's to get an inspection for termites, David was able to fit me in the same day. David was very thorough and knowledgeable. He provides great customer service and was a pleasure to work with. The next morning my husband and I decided that we wanted to get the treatment so I called David and he told me that he would be able to get his crew out to me that day. The crew was also very polite and efficient. They worked so quickly at first I thought that they missed some spots, but they completed every task as promised. I'm very happy that we signed up for the 10 year warranty because I trust that if the termites come back again that David and his crew will do a great job taking care of us.
5	After contacting a couple of termite companies about coming out and do inspection and treatment for my rental home and not feeling quite comfortable, I found Dave Ramos. After a quick talk with Dave. he understood what need to be done, and had the estimate price locked for me, which I couldn't be happier.  And the best part of all is that the price includes a 5-year warranty  The treatment date was scheduled and it completed yesterday.Dave called me before the appointment time to let me know he is on his way. When I arrived, he and his crew was already working on the treatment. Dave walked me through the house and explained the whole process of how it will be done for the type of foundation of my house. He is very knowledgeable and friendly.  I was feeling very comfortable dealing with him from beginning to the end. I was telling one of my friend about the price and the warranty Dave offered my, and my friend didn't even believe that.......Thank you Dave for the great work and great price.
5	Just had David over to give me an estimate an to see if we should have the house treated . He sees no sign of termites an does not recommend having anything done at this time . It is good to know that there are still company's out there that don't want to just take your money . When I do need someone to do my house it will be The House Doctor .
5	If you want to deal with an honest company that will not sell you something that you do not need, then call House Doctor. David came out to do a termite check, saw no activity and told me he didn't think it would do any good to pay for "preventative treatment." As I know nothing about termite treatment, he could have told me anything and sold me anything. When I do encounter any kind of a pest problem, I will be calling House Dr.
5	David was the only one to personally respond to my 4 request for a quote, and inspection. The others only sent emails. David showed up and did a complete walkthrough inspection. He spent the time to explain the treatment, and the various pricing offers. His prices were very fair, and his service did what they said the would. The 5 year warranty is a good deal.
5	This company was reasonably priced, very responsive, and did an excellent job of explaining, and later treating, our termites. Their technicians always asked to be sure it was ok to drill in certain places. They showed up on time and cleaned up after themselves. I was ver pleased with this termite service, and will definitely use them again.
5	I can not believe how good the service is at this company! Because summer is here the bugs are out and trying to get in houses. I called them a couple of weeks ago, and they came out to spray in and around my house.The few little ants that made their way in have not been seen since, however there are still some outside. A employee from the company called a couple days later just to see how things were. I told him about the issue outside, and they sent someone back to take care of it without somehow making it my fault the ants were there or charging me again.I was really impressed with the over all service, and there price is pretty much the standard price you are going to pay anywhere else.
5	Very Professional, right on time, took care of my bug infestation. I like the fact they do try to push you into any contract and will only come to your house when you call them. Prices are very good. overall I am happy with this company
5	I've waited a few months before posting about House Doctors service. I wanted see if there were any more signs of termites since they serviced my home before I toot their horn. House Doctors is exactly what it stats above "Woohoo! As good as it gets!". I received quotes from 7 companies, yes 7. I know crazy. Over the phone Dave Ramos was very, very knowledgeable about his products and confident in his prices and guarantees. He came out to the house and was FAR more thorough in his inspection than any other company. All things considered~ product used, price, guarantee, efficiency and honesty he definitely stood out from the rest! Sometimes it pays to be crazy. If I would have stopped at 3-5 quotes I wouldn't have found House Doctors and I would have paid a whole lot more for a whole lot less! Thanks house Doctors!
5	David was great.  I am remodeling a house that had evidence of termites.  He came out and looked over the property.  He showed up on time and was extremely knowledgeable.  After contracting him to treat the existing house and pretreat the additions, he was extremely flexible and worked around my schedule.  His employees were very friendly and professional.  David was always in contact with me and always answered his phone when I called.  I am very happy with the work they did and would highly recommend them.
5	After finding a few little termite tubes in our new house we were freaking out! David gave us great personalized service and answered all of our questions, he was extremely knowledgeable. He put my wife and I at ease and came out quickly and on time to treat our whole home at a very reasonable rate. We haven't seen any termites since, wooohoo, and I wouldn't hesitate to call Dave again with any concerns. Don't look any where else for a friendly, professional, family owned business. A++ service!
5	Fantastic service!  I called House Doctor after reading the great Yelp reviews and they lived up to their great reputation.  The office was friendly and David was out treating my termite issue the next day.  The price was great and I will recommend them to my clients!
5	It's a horrible feeling to discover signs of termites in your house, but I would highly recommend House Doctor Exterminating, as Dave Ramos is extremely knowledgeable as well as personable, and he was able to put all my fears to rest. He went out of his way to schedule me into his busy schedule for an inspection within a day of my calling the company. I was impressed with his professionalism throughout the inspection. At the end of our meeting, he said he would email me a treatment plan as well as warranty information, and what do you know... the promised email came from him that same evening! The actual treatment was scheduled for the beginning of the next week, but Mother Nature intervened, and monsoon flooding impacted the crew that was going to treat my house. Dave bent over backwards to contact me (phone messages and email) and reschedule another crew to service my house as soon as they finished a big job in the same part of town, with the caveat that if they might not be able to finish my house by the end of the day and would have to come back. That was fine with me, but to my amazement, the crew showed up by 1pm and finished my house by 5. The crew was conscientious, professional, thorough, and extremely hard-working! The quality of their work was excellent. I have inherited another property that has signs of termites, and  I will be calling House Doctor Exterminating again!
5	Amazing service!  We needed the house we just purchased sprayed for ticks.  House Doctor was recommended to us.  When we called, they had someone out the next day to spray the house and yard for a very reasonable price.  They explained the process and even called us back when it was time for our second dose.  I didn't have to remember!We also went with their termite service.  Our house had never been treated but several neighbors on our street indicated they had termites before and highly recommended we treat our house as well.  Dave came in and thoroughly explained the process.  It was completed within days.They know their stuff, are no nonsense and have always met their appointment times.  We will certainly call them again if we have any more critter issues!
5	I have a cool perspective as a review that can attest to the following: knowledge, integrity and customer service.I called and spoke to David. He has so much industry knowledge. He took the time to speak with me about the chemicals, looked up what another company used in the past, shared his opinion based on experience and offered advice. This was free of charge.Here's the important part: I asked him to schedule an appt to follow up and examine what an inspector we had at our appraisal saw as possible termite damage. This a new home purchase so we didn't know much. Instead of just taking our money, he saved us a lot! He helped us find who did the treatment for the original owners and suggested I call them to see if there was a warranty. YEP there was.It might seem like a weird thing to write a review for someone who I didn't end up using BUT I'll tell you this-- there are companies out there willing to do anything to sucker you out of your money. I think his knowledge and integrity should be considered by others who are deciding between companies. I totally trust this guy and would definitely use him/House Dr because they earned my trust in the future (if those darn termites come back).
5	After calling several companies to get quotes for an ant problem I finally called House Doctor because of the reviews I saw on yelp. I scheduled my appointment because of the great rates and plus the lady I spoke with was sweet as can be and pretty hilarious! They came out 2 days later and I must say I was impressed with their services. Tony was not only nice but he very knowledgable and did a great job as well. There is no doubt that we will continue to receive services from them.
5	We found some termites in our new home, less than a year after we bought it. I was pretty worried about this and called the best-rated pest company I could find to get someone out here. David showed up today and found several spots where the termites had gotten into my home. He pointed out the best products and solutions and then had me look up my termite inspection records (I didn't even know these existed). David saved me a big chunk of change, turns out my home was covered under warranty with another pest control company. I've got them coming out here to take care of the termites now but I was very impressed with David's concern and professionalism. I highly recommend House Doctor Exterminating, they're doing business the right way and I will use them in the future, no doubts.
1	While moving in (literally) the guy from HDE showed up and "sprayed" the house.  I was unloading boxes into an empty house and I accept the fact I should have watched to see if this person really sprayed the house or not. My fault! But as a professional service, I should not have to monitor the if the job is being done or not. Prior to moving in, we noticed a few dead roaches and one which was alive. The guy from HDE was in and out of the house in about 5 minutes and I can't recall if he sprayed the exterior.  Fast forward two weeks... no dead roaches in the house... only alive ones. AWESOME!  Again... not even certain if he sprayed or not as I don't recall seeing any wet areas from the spray. So... next step... try another pest control service. I hired http://www.insectekpest.com/InsecTech Pest Solutions. Zack did an initial walk through the house... checking under every possible place a roach/spider/bug would hide. He did the same around the exterior of the house.  He sprayed the interior and dusted the drains with poison. He then brought me around the exterior of the house and showed me 3 black widow spiders and literally 50-60 roaches residing in the water shutoff valve area...along with another 50-100 crickets.  He removed all spider webs from the exterior of the house as well. After he sprayed both the interior / exterior of the house... it was like mass murder... I had to sweep up all kinds of insects inside and out.  I can only think this is from the rental sitting unoccupied for a long period of time... or the previous tenants were filthy. Either way... Zack did and awesome job...I cannot say the same for  HDE as they failed miserably.  I would NOT recommend HDE to anyone as a pest control service. Highly unsatisfied.
