4	Imagine my joy when I discovered that La Favorita have a branch in Morningside! I'm closer to Old Town than Leith, so when I had a serious case of the hunger-munchies and was in need of pizza tout de suite, voila! La Favorita pizza delivery. (Yes, I realise the irony of writing about an Italian restaurant with flutters of French.)They have some really delicious, unusual toppings. That evening I pipped for the Rosa with chicken and peppers, and one with spicy sausage, mushrooms and truffle oil. Nice thin base, plenty topppings that seem freshly prepared (huge strips of red pepper, rather than cut up wee cubes). One wee thing - the way they cut the pizza was weeeiiirdddd. Not the usual, symettrical, even triangles. No no. It seemed to be cut in thirds but then at random angles. I made for fun, inventive pizza eating (pizza sandwich!) but just a bit odd.They warned us they were busy so it'd be a 65 minute wait, which is always nice to be told this.I would say it wasn't quite as good as the original La Favorita on Leith Walk. But this isn't a criticism, as the original is one of my favourite pizza places EVER. The pizza here was still delicious and half an hour later there were two very empty pizza boxes. Nom.
4	Amazingly, I'd never eaten La Favorita pizza until this branch opened in Morningside.So, when it did open, I was on it.  Friday nights have become pizza nights in my household (rock and roll, I know) so one Friday I insisted The Man should drive in (I didn't realise at that time that they would deliver to my house in the sticks!) and I ordered pizza online, for collection.The only thing was, when I ordered for collection I received an email and a text confirming my order... for delivery.  So, I ended up calling (totally defeating the point of the online order) to confirm that they knew I would be collecting my food and not having it delivered.  A minor glitch but the confusion was fair. It seems that their automated messages would be better off re-worded so the customer isn't left wondering how they'll receive their food.Other than that, we collected our amazing pizza and endured an agonizing ride up the road with the delicious smell of pizza filling the car.  Yumyumyumyum is all I can say about how they taste.  I ordered mine (wild mushrooms and rocket) with truffle oil and luxuriated in its gloriousness.  The Man got a spicy meaty pizza which I actually found rather un-spicy but he enjoyed it.Next time I would opt for delivery, and I'll definitely be ordering again for a Friday night treat.
2	I really wanted to love this pizza for I had read the other reviews of this places amazingness... unfortunately t'was not meant to be.I can't even describe how excited I was that La Favorita was actually delivering to my flat finally! Its not easy getting good pizza delivered to my part of Edinburgh so when this option became available I was estatic!!!  What a let down. We ordered our pizzas and salad online, which is a very nice option and the site is very user-friendly. The pictures are great and I'm sure give a very accurate photo of  freshly made food. Ours however weren't as nice looking and this was due to the fact that the pizzas had been cooked for some time before arriving. When you order pizza for delivery you expect your pizza to arrive warm, perhaps pipping hot would be too much to ask for but at least warm. I felt like I should've just bought a Cosmo's pizza from my local corner shop. At least then I would've had a freshly baked hot pizza to eat. For a fraction of the cost. And the pizza would not have been stone cold.Maybe they need to sort out their delivery system still, who knows... I do understand this is a new shop but I still feel that delivering pizza stone cold to be quite unacceptable.
3	I am bumping this up a star cause we ordered in again and this time my pizza did arrive nice and warm! I would've given it even more stars but unfortunately our order got mucked up and we didn't get the entire thing!!!  The manager was really nice and compensated us for this pretty big mistake so I felt okay about it all but seriously whats up with this? Can't a girl just get what she has ordered?!
4	Movin' on up! I can officially now say that La favorita in my favorita for pizza in Edinburgh.The pizza's we ordered were delicious and the salad was very good value for money. I have been to very few places that offer a salad with so many different fresh veggies and all for less than 4 pounds! Again, very good value for money. I just hope this is the beginning of a long (and consistent) relationship! I'm  all in.
4	Solid.This time I ordered the larger pizza which was only a quid and a bit more expensive and some italian lemonade and i was in heaven. The larger portion is the real deal! Its value for money. Really recommend doing it and if I can eat that whole thing, so can you and it was delish. And the wee one liked it too ;)
4	i have to thank Yelp for being able to recommend this place as a dinner option when my boyfriend and his friends were ordering take away one night.  luckily they loved it, but really how could they not?! and when the boyfriend and i headed over to another friend that lived near this pizza take away we suggested it as a dinner option last night.i had great faith that this new branch of la favourita would live up to all the greatness of its mother branch and it most certainly did.  we got three pizzas, which names all escape me as we chose via their online menu which is handy pictures of what your pizza will look like with a description of the toppings.  one was a spicy chicken, another mushroom, rocket, parmesan, and with added parma ham, and the last mushrooms, ham, artichokes, and parma ham.  each one was delicious and made a very enjoyable dinner :)  the mushroom pizza was especially as it was a mixture of mushrooms and not just your standard button variety.what i thought was really nice though was that they packed the rocket and parma ham for the pizzas seperately so we could top them at home.  this meant that the rocket didn't get all wilty and we had extra parma ham to put on the other pizzas if we wanted.  definitely a nice touch and just reminded how much more awesome la favourita is to any other pizza place!  so happy that their delivery service is just as good as their restaurant.
3	Hum... well as predicted, I opted for delivery for my second dose of La Favorita.Not only did we wait forever for our pizza, it was limp and lukewarm at best, the toppings were sparse and overall flavour was pretty uninspiring.With the pizza we ordered a side chicken wings - which were admittedly AMAZING and so incredibly spicy that I got chili burn on my hands.  We also ordered the tiramisu which was a very generous portion but I felt that it was over loaded with cream and lacking in flavour.Immediately after finishing our meal I was sick  (not food poisoning) which I imagine was due to the belly combo of spicy wings and *loads* of cream in the tiramisu.  For the sub-par pizza and the price, we've decided to stick with what we know and not order delivery or pizza again.  I would try more of the sides in the future, but I would definitely choose to pick up to ensure better food quality.
5	I've been reading other Yelper reviews of this new branch of La Favorita, in Morningside, with curiosity. There seems to be a general trend that the pizza isn't *quite* as good as their original branch on Leith Walk. Delivery takes a while, the pizza arrives cold and sometimes a bit soggy. Hmm.So when I went to order La Favorita on Friday, the night that the snow hit, I tried to order it from the original Leith Walk branch. Uh oh, they don't deliver to my area. So I was forced to order from the Morningside branch.First up, the online ordering service is great. You can specify if you want to order for now, or a time later in the day (great for event organising). You can also go into the specifics of each pizza and request things like more cheese, less cheese, gluten free crust, not cut etc. It is worth noteing that they dont cut their pizzas in the usual triangles. They cute it like squares. I don't like this style of cutting, so I requested that neither of mine are cut, so I can cut them in triangles myself. And they arrived uncut.So, there was one hiccup. The order should have taken 40 - 60 minutes to arrive. It took 90. We were really hungry. But it was snowing and we assumed that may have been the reason. Give them their due, I got a text saying that my pizza was on its way after 80 minutes.And when the delivery guy arrived with our pizzas he was so apologetic, and had brought two cans of coke and two Hagen Daaz icecreams to apologise. The pizzas themselves? Oh yes. They were amazing. I've ordered from the Morningside branch once before and they weren't as good. I get the feeling La Favorita read their customer reviews, and respond to feedback. These pizzas were amazing, and just as good as the original La Favorita.We had the Veusovio with chicken, spicy sausage, chilles and boy was it spicy. Sooooo good. And one with artichokes, olives, mushrooms and ham. Both 14". They tasted great the next day as lunch too.So I am now happy and confident in the knowledge that the new branch produces pizzas just as good as the original. And yes the order was very late, but when snow hits we know that the whole of Britain panics, and the fact they registered this and tried to make it up with free ice cream was a bonus.Now, when will it be Friday night again so I can order in more pizza?
5	Take out Pizza with out the grease! The pizza's from La Favourita are amazing - fact! MY favorita is the Capricciosa with extra anchovies followed by the Tiramisu. We had them last night after an afternoon of gardening which works up an appetite and a half I can tell you. Two large pizzas, between three and we were happy garden gnomes sat in the sun with a bottle of red. Lovely
