3	We've taken our animals here for several years.  Dr. Whiney has always treated us well and gotten us appointments within a few days time and less if we felt we needed it.Prices from Dr. Whiney are fair and the care is of acceptable quality. He doesn't have the best "bedside manner" some of the time.  I think he may work himself to hard.The facilities are clean and the staff courteous.
4	I took my cat to the walk-in clinic, there was a reasonable wait to see the vet which was understandable considering I didn't have an appointment. The staff were all very friendly and Dr. O (please fogive me, i dont remember how to spell his last name so I'll just shorten it to Dr. O) took the time to explain what was worng with murray, what medicine he was prescribing and what it was for. My bill was just over $100 which I expected to be more. I was very satisfied with the care murray received and would take him back in a heartbeat as well as recommend this place to any pet owner.
5	I have had dogs and cats for 40 years, and have used vets in multiple states.  Dr. Winnie is by far the finest vet I have found.  I have been using him for the last 10 or so years, and he has treated several dogs and cats for me.  He is a great diagnostician, and always takes time to thoroughly explain what he is doing and the results of any test.  He demonstrates concern for animals well being while at the same time not applying pressure to use extraordinary measures in complex cases (though he always offers the option).An anecdote of his diagnostic acumen: I recently brought my mothers dog to live with me after she moved.  This dog had recently been to her old vet (one considered a fine vet in that area).  I took her to see Dr. Winnie just for a check up and he found one issue overlooked by the other vet, and recommended a different course of action for two relatively minor existing issues.  While I'm not a vet, I found his explanations for his suggested treatments compelling.To summarize, I've always been very satisfied with the treatment he provides and have always found visits enjoyable.
4	My dog had a holiday related relapse and I had no pain medications in the house. Time was running short, offices were closing soon and GVH was the only vet willing to work with my regular vet (who was too far away for me to drive and pick up meds for my dog). I spent hours on the phone with other veterinary hospitals and pharmacies trying to work out a pain mediation solution. GVH listened and worked with me and my vet. It was a huge blessing - that was what she needed. They were compassionate and now my dog can have a restful night's sleep free from pain, be able to go outside to the potty without being in pain and I can rest without too much worry. Thank you GVH.
1	poor experience here. When we got a new kitten we took him here to get shots... he came back with fleas. The office said that oh, he can get fleas from a number of sources - clearly when you see them the same day you bring him home from the vet office it is pretty obvious where he got them from - especially when he is exclusively an indoor cat. They also gave us the wrong information as to when to have him fixed. they said to wait until he was about a year old. we are now using a different vet for our cat.
5	I've been taking my cats here for about 5 years.  We've seen both Dr. Winnie and more recently, Dr. Henke. I've had everything done from physical exams to complicated surgery at Greenfield Vet, and for the most part, I've been very happy with the care my cats have gotten. I have to say, Dr. Henke seems to have a better bedside manner than Dr. Winnie, but both of them do a good job of examining the cats and performing procedures. Also, when my cats have had serious medical issues, the follow up care has been good, and I've been happy with the level of communication (they will always call back promptly if I have questions or concerns). They keep good medical records, which is helpful. And while there has been some staff turnover, across the years, I really like the vet tech that's there now (Michelle).  In short, Drs. Winnie and Henke are competent, thorough vets, and I am pleased with the care my cats get.
5	I've been taking my cats, my dog, and even past boyfriends' dogs here for years! Dr. Winnie is excellent! I've seen a couple reviews on here commenting on the Doc's personality, and I'll admit it, he isn't very personable. He is nice, don't get me wrong, he's just not into chit chat. But he is GREAT with pets!My favorite experience with the doc was when I brought in my cat who just had surgery for a blocked urinary tract (I would've brought him to Greenfield Vet for the surgery if it hadn't been 10pm!). My cat was still having some urinary issues, so of course I asked Dr. Winnie how long it would take for him to get better. Instead of just giving me an estimate, he pulled out a book and opened the page to the pic that showed the insides of a cat. He explained exactly what my cat was going through, where in his body it was happening, and gave me a realistic timeframe for when he would be back to normal. My questions were all answered in such a way that I did not feel rushed. He gave me straight answers, even giving me the bad (that my cat's kidneys had been damaged due to the blockage) and really took the time to sit down with me. I was so distraught when I got there (the surgery had been hard on me and my Kitten, yes that's his name) but I left feeling that the worst was over and it was only uphill from there. I felt armed with knowledge and optimistic for the future. The staff are all very friendly. They make me feel welcome and important. I actually enjoy the simpleness of the decor. There is even wood panelling! Most vet offices feel like hospitals to me, which I really don't like! I know this is getting long but I have one more thing to add. Greenfield Vet really does NOT try to rope you into unnecessary charges. I've NEVER in my LIFE been able to get out of the vet office for under $100! NEVER! But it has happened to me at this vet. I'll never go anywhere else! Also, they have great hours! And even a walk-in evening! Love it! I live in Lawrenceville but I'll still make the trek!
