4	For me, I'm a total ice cream person and I think that the best place to go if you get the sudden urge/cravings for ice cream, especially on a hot summer day in Arizona would be Cold Stone Creamery. I went to the one on Alma School and Queen Creek after our half day because of aims testing with a couple of my friends. Cold stone may be a bit pricy but its totally worth going to every once in a while. There was only one employee working there at the moment when my friends and arrived so it did take a little longer than it should've been. The service was still good, the employee was friendly and had a sense of humor. When I usually go to the creamery I get the "love it" size with coffee ice cream and reese's pieces mix in. It is amazing!! They have several different varieties of ice cream and mix-ins so you can change it up a bit and add more mix-ins if desired. But that costs an extra 60cents per mix-in. But like every other place, it had its small flaws. Usually Cold Stone Creameries have a decent amount of space for small tables and chairs usually for people who want to sit down, eat ice cream and socialize for a little, but this Cold stone only had one table (usually the least they have is 2-3). The table was also occupied so my friends and I had to wait till we got to my house till we could eat our ice cream. There was also a door open in the back of the creamery. It seemed like a storage room. It was very unorganized, there were supplies all over the place and no one seemed to even bother to close the door and keep it clean. To our group, it seems unsanitary and it doesn't look to appealing to people that walk in there. They could've done a better job in maintaining the store and keeping it clean.Other that the small flaws in the store, I still believe Cold Stone is a amazing place to go to for ice cream.
5	This place as always is delicious.. I reccommend the cake batter for sure. Last time I was in a company was getting some ice cream so it took awhile.. The girl working by herself ( poor thing ) offered to buy me a waffle cone because of the wait.. I declined 1. because it didnt bother me. and 2. I dont like waffle cones lol.. But i swtiched it up and got some strawberry.. pretty good also.. only thing i will say is.. a bit pricey if your looking for  a cheap date!
4	What is there to say about this place that hasn't already been said? You can make your own or have them make one of their signature creations - all of which are delicious (not that I've ever had them all, but I've never heard anyone say anything even close to a complaint).Bring your sweet tooth and forget to log your calories after ordering here or you will be be forced to visit the nearest fitness gym before you go home.4-stars simply because they are expensive.
5	I only really like one flavor.  Im not very original.  I get the oreo cream filling with oreos mixed in.  Its also good with chocolate shavings.
4	Quickly becoming an addiction, the kids ask to go here at least three times a week. The staff is always friendly and let them sample some of the flavors before they decide. They could use more outdoor seating, though. Who really wants to sit in AC and eat ice cream?
