4	A little confusing for the first trip, but nice after you figure out the ordering system. Been here twice so far. Sandwiches are good.  Definitely try the brownie if you like sweets.
2	When I first walked in, I thought it was confusing but then felt, what a great idea.  You pick a bag and mark all your choices on the bag with your name on it, how can this go wrong?   Well I got it to go so I didn't discover until I got home, that mine was not made to order and was hugely disappointed.  I ordered it "wich" style which comes with 1000 island and coleslaw, mine did not.  I think even if it was made as ordered, getting past the super thickness of close to stale tasting bread, it wouldn't be a good sandwich.  Three quarters of it is sitting right in front of me and I'm over it.  Maybe they have some kinks to work out as it's only been open for a couple of weeks but I doubt I'll return.
4	All I can say is GENIUS.  The customer is what slows down the ordering process and by having it all at your disposable this place is pretty quick and tasty.  The portion sizes are bit smaller than I'm used to but personally I think they are the Subway sinker.  I kind of like to look at this place as a more efficient and tastier Subway.  I've been here several times and I'm slowly working down the menu.  My personal fav thus far would have to be the gyro special.  I work in the area so I'll be here quite a bit!
3	I went here with a friend today for the first time. Kind of a neat place. They have bags lined up for you to choose your sandwich, and then you mark on the bag what kind of sandwich you want (toppings etc). Kind of pricey ($17 for two smalls), but a fun experience none the less. Would try again with a coupon! Must get their house chips if you go - yummy!
4	Pretty darn good, odd ordering system but once you do it it works pretty good. A lot more options than a subway . They are open on Sundays even though yelp says they are closed
5	Amazing!! It's hard to find GREAT customer service these days, but this sandwich shop and location has mastered it! Awesome food and AMAZING customer service!!
3	I  have only visited once so far. It is a very unusual manner to order.  But this is what makes this place the most interesting. I had the Turkey Ruben. I was a little disappointed that it lacked the zing that I usually get on a Ruben.  Also, mustard I ordered took something away. It is a nice change to the ordinary sandwich locations.  I probably would drift to another similar location first, but this is not a bad option if you are in the area.
5	I love all the healthy choices I can make. They are super friendly and I love going there.
4	Went here for the very first time. Sandwiches were great. You walk in and there was someone to explain how to order. Got the authentic Philly cheesesteak and the Cuban. Both were delicious and fresh tasting. Cool and easy concept. A little on the pricier side but worth it.
1	Gross!!! Way too expensive for what you get! I ordered a turkey sandwich... How can you go wrong? Right? Bread was stale, turkey actually had a weird taste, and the toppings were lack luster and practically non-existent to say the least! Prices were so high too... Almost 11$ for a large sandwich meant to split with my hubby but we just threw it out and ate somewhere else! Totally indelible!!! Won't be back!!! Try cheba hut  for one of kind sandwiches at a killer price!
5	After visiting this place a few more times I am absolutely addicted! Everyone I have taken with me loves it too. I'm not a huge veggie person so Which Wich is perfect - there are LOTS of other options other than the veggie/healthy stuff (crispy onion strings OMG!!). My brother likes it too because he says the sandwich makers aren't judging you (as they do at Subway it seems) when you say no to all the veggies going down the line. Just grab your bag, mark what you want and you got it!Be sure to sign up for their "Vibe Club" to get extra savings (free sub on your birthday and lots of other discounts).  Buy the larger drink for 50cents more for a cup you can keep/reuse and bring it back for 50cents off your next visit!
4	This small place features fresh, tasty, large sandwiches, very clean surroundings, and a nice friendly staff. A first time visit and a fine surprise...we'll be back.
4	I love the concept of being able to customize your sandwiches/salads to your own preference. I also love that there is such an extensive list of toppings to choose from, such as: types of mayo, types of dressings, sauces, veggies, cheese, 3 types of onions, different spreads-like hummus and they even offer sprouts, not many places have this!I got the small size (5inch) and I thought it was the perfect size. The meat & cheese ratio was sufficient also. I also liked that the bread was not too thick and doughy. I'm not sure why people are commenting that it was too small. I thought it was the perfect size. The price was affordable also- $5.50 for the small.I'll be coming back.
4	We visited Which Wich at San Tan Marketplace about a month ago. It was wonderful! I meant to post this review then, but just got busy and forgot. Oops! But our experience was so great, I just had to come back and review anyways. The whole sandwich customization concept is great! The brown bag/sharpie process is super efficient and actually, kind of fun! :) But beyond the yummy sandwich, I was really impressed by the service. Namely, by a kid named Alex. When we got our sandwich, I mentioned to my husband that I wanted to sit outside on one of their few patio tables. Unfortunately, so did everyone else and there were no open tables. So, we just grabbed a table inside. Well, a minute or two later, this gentleman, Alex, came up to us and said that a family is leaving the patio and their table should be ready in just a second. He must have just overheard us talking about it and offered a solution without being asked. EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE! He even offered to refill our drinks for us. We've since been back and hope to run into Alex again soon! If Alex's manager is reading this, please give that kid a raise! :)
5	Great sandwich shop ! I had the buffalo sandwich and it was great! The kids love to write down what they want on their sandwich. They also offer crust free bread for the kids!  It's a little pricey compared to the other sandwich shops but the meat is a lot better here!!!!
5	Holy cow!!! That was an amazing sandwich!!! You knocked my socks off! I just had a turkeywich with shoestring onions and ate the whole thing and then wanted to go get another one. Yum
4	LOVE this place! I had never been into a which wich before so an employee came out and explained the entire process to me.You pick what kind of sandwich you want, get the corresponding paper bag, then mark off all the ingredients and sauces you want with a provided marker and take it up to the counter to pay for it. They have fantastic options for toppings and sauces and it takes the guesswork out of building a sandwich. No longer do you have to say, no mushrooms, no onions, add avocado, etc etc. Your sandwich, your way.Great flavor and high quality products. Here's a tip, pick the skinny sandwich bread and they take some of the bread out of the middle to save you about 80 calories and make more room for more toppings!
5	Superior Sandwich? OH YES! Stopped in with my wife to check out the local place and I was caught off guard. I was expecting, well, I didnt know what to expect. First you grab a bag that's the type off sandwich you want. Then you fill in the dot for your topping selection. I kinda likes that. Turn in your bag and pay then a short wait later your food is ready.I got the 'grinder". Italian meats with what ever I wanted on it. I went pretty traditional with the toppings but added Hot Giardiniera! That made my sandwich "superior"! The price was fair for the quality of food, and the staff were very friendly. I will be back!
4	The Banh Mi sandwich is sooooooo good!
4	I had the "thank you turkey" twice now and it was great. I love their ordering process of checking what sandwich and toppings you want on a piece of paper. The meat they used in the sandwich was definitely far above the caliber you would find at typical chain sub stores. My one complaint is that this particular location has prepared my order incorrectly both times I have visited. It seems to me there should fewer mistakes based on their ordering process. Regardless of the mistakes, try this place. It has quickly become a favorite lunch spot.
5	OMG. I've had several great sandwiches from here over the past few months, but my favorites are the Bahn MI (which they no longer serve, dang it ) and the Monte Cristo, (which is AMAZING ). SO GOOD, I WILL DRIVE 30 MINUTES ACROSS TOWN TO GET MY FIX! ! I order with extra mayo and grape jelly and get it warm.  So happy to have this as a regular option.  Now all you need to do is make my Bahn Mi a regular option, too.
4	We always enjoy eating here.  Easy for everyone to get what they want. Nice toppings selection.  Always very nice.
5	Fantastic sandwich! Finally I found a place that beats subway, jimmy john, and firehouse sub. Their bread is so soft and fresh. Great choices for vegetarian as well. Even better for deaf peeps because they provide a brown bag where you check the ingredients yourself and not having to ask for a paper and pen to comminicate. That's the best part about this place. Vegetarian friendly and deaf friendly are the huge bonus. They tasted extremely good and fresh! Definitely will come back to it. Oh it's also Gluten Free friendly since it does give you the option to go for bowl or lettuce wrap it up. Go and check this place out! Staffs are friendly!
4	Great size portions...I always get the lettuce wraps. Been here prob about 5 times. Great brownies for $1.25! Love their monthly/seasonal sandwich selections.
