5	If you're ever in Vegas and want to have fabulous hair, you must visit Lauren.  She's amazingly talented with cuts and color and she takes her time and treats everyone nicely.  She's the best stylist I've ever met!
5	Melissa, from Mosaic, cut, colored and styled my hair a couple weeks ago and it was one of the best experiences. She was super professional, had great ideas and was reasonably priced. I usually get my hair done in CA and it costs $$$$$. Melissa G was great! I highly recommend her! I will definitely be back.
5	Trinity, Trinity, Trinity that's all I can say. I started getting my hair done by her back in 1998. I live in California now and it's really hard for me to get to Vegas to see her, but every time I try a hairdresser in California I get angry with myself for not making the trip to see her in Las Vegas. Every time I go to her after a bad haircut or color I tell myself I won't go astray, but this time I am serious. You have to make your appointments with her way in advance, but she is so worth it. She has taken my hair from black to blond in one day; from long to bob. I have seen a lot of different hairstylists, and no one compares.
5	Used to have my hair done here before I moved. Loved it! Excellent haircuts and color by Desiree. Always did a good job, listened to what I wanted and didn't over cut my hair like other hairstylists that I've been to. Prices are fair for high end salon services. The salon itself is nice and Desiree was always able to accommodate me with scheduling appointments on weekends or evening times.
5	I was looking for a new hair salon and came to Mosaic since it's somewhat close to my home. I immediately liked that they accepted walk-ins. The Salon was very clean and they had great music playing.  The receptionist at the front was very friendly. Brandon was my stylist and he did a great job on my hair! My hair is very thick and wavy and a bit difficult to style but he made it seem so easy to do! He gave me some suggestions on products to use to tame my frizz and showed me how to style my hair using just a blow dryer.  He invited me back a week later for another blow-out since I loved the first style so much.I received a lot of compliments on my hair; the best being from my boyfriend who said, "No offense but this is the best your hair has ever looked." HAHA Well, thanks Brandon, I appreciate it!
5	Thank you Yelp!  I decided on this salon based on the great reviews and I'm so happy I did.I was getting into Vegas on Thursday so called Tuesday to see if there were any openings.  The receptionist was really nice and asked what type of hair I had and told me she would find someone that specializes in fine hair.  I was booked with Erin who took time to talk to me and ask what my hair concerns were and what I would like done.  My highlights turned out excellent and Erin lightened my base color so I look more of a natural blonde.  I was worried about breakage because Erin was correcting bad highlights I had done here when i stupidly tried a place i hadn't been to before. No breakage and my hair looks great!Erin is a great stylist-I highly recommend this salon!  The prices are reasonable-$85 for a highlight and blowout and they have Bumble and Bumble (among others) products.I'm seriously considering flying out to Vegas a few times a year to get my hair done now :)
5	Mosaic Salon is great...it's clean, always busy (but not annoyingly so), has a cute little clothing/jewelry/hair products boutique to browse when you arrive/leave...and you can tell the stylists who work in the salon enjoy what they do.However, my favorite thing about Mosaic salon is Britnie!  She has been doing my hair now for a couple years (I have longer hair, and blonde highlights are the main need I have, aside from a haircut every couple months).  Britnie is talented, fun, personable, professional, and is an absolute sweetheart!  She has worked at the salon for many years, is talented when it comes to cutting or color, and truly enjoys what she does.  I appreciate being able to schedule appointments easily and directly through Britnie.  She is always running on-time when I come in to see her, which to me is another sign of true professionalism and great business management within the industry.If you are looking for a new stylist and a salon with great atmosphere, I highly recommend Britnie at Mosaic Salon!
5	I love brittney!!!so..... im not from vegas, but i was getting married there and needed to find an affordable place to get my hair done for my wedding. I found this place on yelp, and when i called to make an appt the girl at the desk recommend brittney. so i talked to brittney and told her what i needed and she was easy to talk to and totally available. i asked if i could text her a picture of the hair do i was thinking about doing and she was totally ok with it. then getting to my appt the shop was easy to find off the strip, and the shop was cute, very trendy. brittney spent about 30-40 min on my hair and it came out perfect. so much better than the picture, exactly what i wanted. i loved loved loved my hair. Brittney is the girl to go to and shes fun and outgoing. 6 stars for her. =) as soon as i get the pics for my hair i'll post one. thank you!!!
5	Jeff Dille @ Mosaic!!!!!!!!!!!!Had my hair colored, cut and styled by Jeff Dille yesterday, my hair looks incredible!  Jeff is a terrific stylist and so professional.  He is intent on achieveing perfection in his work, and needs to be admired for that.  It is in my best interest to become a regular in his chair, because my hair has rarely felt this good, or recieved so many compliments.  His pricing is awesome, especially considering the level of service and expertise you are getting.  Highly recommend!!!!!
1	I made an appointment with Carl over a week ago. It was initially at 3:00 p.m. and I called the same day I made the first appointment and asked if they had any earlier openings. He said he could get me in at 11:00 a.m. for a cut and color. I told him that was perfect and let him know I was in a wedding that day. I got there 10 minutes early and let them know I had an appointment with Carl at 11:00 a.m. Fast forward to 11:20 a.m. Still waiting. I asked the receptionist to see why no one had come out yet. She checked and said he would "literally be out in 2 seconds." Fast forward 10 minutes later. Still waiting. So I left. 5 minutes later my phone rings and its Carl. He asked if I was ok and informed me that he should have made it more clear that he was doing me a favor and fitting me in since I had switched my appointment. Really? You have the nerve to blame me for  your poor time management?? I switched my appointment over a week ago and you suggested the time, not me. Wont be back. Ill spend my 250 bucks every 4-6 weeks elsewhere.
4	I just moved to Vegas from California and I've been to three salons so far.  Jeff at Mosaic has definitely done the best job with my hair so far.Before checking out Mosaic, I went to Tonic II and Kelly Cardenas.  In terms of the salon itself both Tonic and Kelly Cardenas are nicer and trendier as Mosaic kind of looks like a strip mall of hair stations.  I wasn't offered a drink at Mosaic, the waiting area is small and tight.  They've crammed a clothing boutique into the lobby, don't really understand that, but whatever, I was there to get my hair cut, not for anything else.  If you're big on customer service or ambience you're definitely better off at one of the other two salons though.Onto the haircut itself. Jeff is incredibly professional. He took the time to go over his credentials with my, which by the way, are quite impressive! Find out exactly what I want done with my hair, why I wasn't happy with my last two haircuts then explained to me why the last two stylists weren't able to achieve the look I was after.  He was very friendly and talked to me just about the entire time he was cutting my hair.  Overall, I'm pretty satisfied.  He took a bit too  much length off, after I specifically said I don't want to take much length off at all. But he's definitely the best I've found in Vegas.  His prices are also very reasonable.  I will definitely go back to him again.I'd give Jeff 4 stars and the salon itself 2 stars.If you're moving here from California, good luck finding someone that's as good as your previous stylist.  That said, you can't go wrong with Jeff, he's pretty legit!
5	The best haircut experience I've ever had.  Carl never fails me.  His work is amazing and I am most definitely a satisfied customer.  When you leave the salon looking like a more gorgeous version of yourself, you know you've found the right stylist!The salon staff is great and efficient, they always make me feel like I'm on a mini-vacation.  I highly recommend Mosaic Salon.
4	I got a groupon for a $30 shampoo, cut, blowout, and style -- yeah, great deal!  My stylist today was Desiree and she was very professional and patient (I'm a hair dummy and had a lot of questions re: styling).  I told her to do what she thinks is best: I went from having long, straight one-length hair that fell to the middle of my back to a just-below-chin length bob with soft layers.  I'm really happy with my cut and the whole experience was smooth.  The salon is clean and even has a mini retail area in the entrance that features clothing, jewellery, and haircare products.This no-maintenance gal may actually go back again!
2	Jeff Dille @ MosaicI know there are a lot of good reviews for Jeff, and he's a really nice guy, but unfortunately I'm going to go against the grain. Being new to Vegas, I rely on reviews to get around, so hopefully this will be helpful.Yes, Jeff is cheap and boasts extensive experience. However, those two factors working together means he's an EXPERT at ripping off the client.My perspective is: charge me whatever you need to - $80, $100, $130, $140, $200 - just do what I ask for. And if you need to charge me more to do what I ask for, be up front with me at the beginning, but please, do so. This is NOT what happened in my experience with Jeff at all. I ended up paying more than initially quoted, and leaving with less done to my hair than I had specified.Regarding charging more:On the phone, Jeff stated my total for a full foil would run me $130. I also mentioned I saw his ad on city-search which promised 20% off the first service. So, I went expecting to pay $104 (plus tip of course) - a steal for a full foil. He told me AFTER my service was complete that he was tacking on an additional $10 because I "have a lot of hair." (It's thick, but smooth, manageable, and only shoulder length. Not even Newbury Street salons in Boston ever charged me more for just thickness.) But I didn't argue that, I just paid the $130 + tip and left. Then the following day, I realized he never took off the promised introductory 20% off. It was super uncomfortable, but I'm very much one for principal, so I contacted him and asked about it. To be fair, he was nice enough to leave an envelope with the cash at the front desk to be picked up.Regarding diminishing quality of service:Now this is what really bugs me. There were several ways in which he was completely dishonest costing me my typical hairdo, and profiting him through saving product yet charging me the same:1.  I brought in a note card from my former stylist (who unfortunately I left back in Boston, otherwise I would never have switched) with each specific formula on it in order to perfectly duplicate what I have done to my hair.  I usually get two colors foiled in and a specific type of toner, all in Wella color products. Jeff used ONE color instead of two, did not tone, and I'd place money on the fact that the one color is something cheaper than Wella because it just doesn't match. Needless to say, the portion of roots that I had at the top looks NOTHING like the rest of my hair, so it looks super super trashy. (Sorry, I don't want to fit in here in Vegas that much. I'll pass on looking trashy.) Why charge me $140 for 3 products when you can charge me $140 for 1? (Oh wait, the answer to that is because I'm a full foil and cut every 5 weeks girl, so if I'm happy, you have the potential to earn a lot from me! Fail.)2.  He threw out the note card with the formulas from my former stylist. Possibly inadvertent, but it's pretty presumptuous to think I won't need it any more and will just continue going to him. (I'm going to have to place a call over to my old salon to get a duplicate.)3.  As I mentioned I have thick hair and he charged me extra as such. However, he did not use any extra product. In fact, he did the sparsest highlights I've ever had, including the first set I ever got at age 15. So sparse, in fact, that it hardly made any difference whatsoever for my roots, and you cannot see any appreciable change in the rest of my hair. (Perhaps this was a blessing in disguise, since the rest of my hair minus the roots still looks good like it used to.)4.  He pulled the whole "Oh, you're only damaging your hair by getting highlights underneath!" line. Any time a stylist says that to me, I'm never going back again. My hair is perfectly healthy and I spend a crap ton to keep it that way. For those who don't know, stylists only do this so they can convince you they're "helping" you, meanwhile charging you for a full foil and effectively giving you a partial. I responded, "am I paying for a full foil? I better leave with one." And, even with that, there are still some spots in the back sans highlights, which when he gave me the mirror to see the back at the end, I moved my hair aside to examine and he quickly moved my hair back.5.  He put the highlights about 1/4" from my scalp, so I'll be due for an appointment much much sooner. This is a trick I've been told stylists will use to get you in the door more frequently, but unfortunately for Jeff, it'll be to a different salon. I cringe every time I look at my hair now, because I left the salon looking like I had 3 week roots, and now, I look like I'm due for an appointment again, and it's only been 3 weeks.So there you have it. Two stars - and two only because my hair isn't butchered, and is completely fixable, not because there actually was any level of service to warrant two stars.
1	This is the 1st time I have ever wriiten a yelp reveiw, Ive used yelp but I never had a reason to write a reveiw. But today I just couldnt help myself.. Found this salon by a groupon deal never used groupon before , but since im new to the area and needed a facial I figured Id give it a try. I paid 39.00 for a facial and a peel, which I thought what a great deal cus i usually pay 85 for somthing like that. Well the facial started at 11:15 and ended at 11;40 I COULDNT BELIEVE IT WAS OVER.. During the 20 min facial i started to realize that not only was the the facial 20 min she was trying to sell me products to take home with me and wanted me to book 2 more 39 facials with her.. I understand that this is a groupon deal and i got a deal but in the end i still need to go pay 85 to get a real facial . I COULD HAVE DONE A BETTER FACIAL AT HOME TO MYSELF... So as for groupon deals???? NEVER AGAIN !!! As for coming back to this salon ??? NEVER AGAIN!!!
5	Melissa with waxing and facials is fantastic! Decently priced, very professional, great results and super sweet. I went in on seperate dates for each service. The eye brow wax just about a week ago and the facial this past Friday. Both times she was very thorough and detailed in what she did. She took her time and addressed my concerns. She was very gentle with the facial, but was still able to do painless extractions. Even though my skin isn't perfect, and hers looks fabulous, she made me feel very comfortable. I highly recommend her to anyone!
1	It's been a minute since I have needed to write a scathing yelp review. I think the level of service I received here actually trumps them all. The groupon was for either "an antioxidant facial or a glycolic peel" at Mosaic Salon. I arrived 10 minutes early for my appointment, and then waited another 20 minutes for the esthetician, Yasmine, to appear. The salon itself was super cute, and really busy so I was excited about my service but as soon as I got back the esthetician had a snippy attitude with me. I told her it has been awhile since I had a facial but I used to get them all the time. I told her about my skin regimen to which she told me my skin looked "bad" (yes. Thank you. That's why I came here for a facial) She recommended the glycolic peel, to which I replied that I have very sensitive skin and the glycolic peels I've had in the past are too harsh on me. I told her I'd rather just do the regular facial with extractions, then she replied "we'll see" and continued to clean my skin. Then she mixed up the peel ANYWAY and tried to apply it to my skin. I am extremely sensitive and I can even get a wax. The last time I had a peel I was red for 3 days. At this point I got up and told her we were done. She told me then I was "being rude." I guess not wanting to cause damage to my sensitive skin is rude. I am going to stick to med spas for my facials, they actually seem to know what they are doing to people with skin conditions. Thanks for wasting my morning Yasmine!
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would. I bought a Groupon months ago for a pedi, but had issues getting an appointment because they, as many companies, oversell them. When I arrive for the appointment I finally managed to schedule, I ended up having to wait in the most noxious chemical smelling waiting area ever. All the fumes from the nail work have wafted over and concentrated there. I actually had to step outside for a bit because it was making me nauseous. After 20 mins of that torture, the receptionist takes me back to the nail area where a nail tech was working on another client and leaves me standing there. The nail tech flatly says: your appointment is tomorrow. I pull out my phone and show her the text message that confirms it was indeed today. She then rudely spits out that she's booked up, and that it's been changed. Perhaps the fumes have rotted their brains. When you a change an appointment, it's generally expected that you contact the client to let her know. No one bothered in this case.  Also, if there's a scheduling issue and you can't see said client, then you may want to let her know right away and not let her sit waiting for ages just to be told there's no appointment. And third, when you mess up, a simple apology makes a huge difference and at least gives the appearance of caring about your clients. All I got was attitude and a dirty look.Too be honest, I'm kind of relieved. The place was cramped and stinky. Not somewhere one is really going to get a true 'spa' pedicure anyways. At least now I can get my money back through Groupon.
5	I always go to see Mercedes and she does an awesome job. I love how meticulous she is, won't say she's finished until she knows it looks perfect. Have recommended her to friends and clients from my work, one I know also goes back to get his hair done all the time. And on that note I should probably call her and book my next appointment.
5	I have been a long time client of Shirley Paessler at Mosaic. I have long admired her ability to stay on top of any new product or treatment that is on the market,  her knowledge of the industry can not be matched. She has recently advised me to try Gels on my nails.  I am so glad I did, my nails have never looked better. Shirley is on top of her game with her knowledge of new products and her superior customer service!
5	Tam Dao!!! I came to him originally after a color gone wrong which was done by one of the other stylists. He has been so amazing getting my hair looking great and better than I thought it could be after what it had been through. Thanks Tam...you are the best!!! He is great with Extensions too!
5	Mosaic is at a great location and the staff is awesome. 5 Star customer care.Ask for Brandon.
5	My husband purchased a groupon for a mani pedi for both my daughter and i. I called left a message megan called me back the very same day got us in on a saturday wow. Got their outside was very nice looking. Inside even better. Lobby had a large waiting area a eye brow garu if u wanted to get ur eyebrows done while you wait. They had a store for clothes shopping, jewlery, hair products and more. Now may i add my daughter brought her friend two 11 yr olds i thought for sure id be kicked out as they we're very hyper. Not at all the front desk lady was extreamy nice much better than most prissy front desk people in other salons. She offered us hot coco, water, snacks and omg the most amazing coffee ever. Megan was very accommodating she let me split my groupon so i could get my mani pedi but that each girl either got fingernails or toenails done. We had a great mothers and daughters day out prices are reasonable megan was very nice,social and great with kids. I will definitely be back.
1	This review is for the GROUPON deal ONLY!I purchased a Groupon with my girlfriends for pedicure/manicure, so we can do a girls-date.   As it turns out, Mosaic Salon only had ONE person who was servicing and honoring the Groupon deal.  My girlfriends and I had to schedule our pedicure/manicure on separate days = no girls date. As if that is not enough, I called several times to make an appointment, but it always goes straight to voicemail.  The lady at Mosaic is so busy that she returns call days later.  So I waited until the month of my expiration to schedule an appointment, and once again, it went straight to voicemail.  Except this time, the voicemail informs me that she is no longer taking appointment until the expiration of the Groupon and that she will not extend the Groupon deal.  Customers are welcome to use the value of the Groupon and pay the difference.  WHAT A SCAM!!!On a sidenote, one of my girlfriends who bought the Groupon did actually got her pedicure and manicure at Mosaic, and she did not have a pleasant experience.  My friend felt that she was being rushed at her appointment, and the lady there was not very friendly. I feel that Mosaic was not honest and forthcoming with the terms of the service.  I have no plans to visit Mosaic Salon and will hope that this review will deter any prospective customers from going there.
4	I'm a San Diego resident but I travel to Las Vegas every few months. Every time I get in town I try to make time to come out to Mosaic to get my hair cut. Jamie does my hair and has done it for years. She's awesome. Definately worth going the distance to get my hair cut. The salon is a nice boutique and they even serve water. Great place!
5	I typically go to Mosaic in Henderson even though it is a long drive away, but when Colleen (my hair God) is at the Sahara location I will take my appointment at the Sahara location. This salon is HUGE and they have manicures, pedicures, skincare, massage, PLUS hair stylists. I was impressed by the sheer size of the salon.If you are looking for a one-stop shop to get all of your beauty needs met, this is your place! Colleen is by far the best hair stylist that I've been to in Las Vegas. She may not be at the Sahara location for appointments, but visit her in Henderson and she'll let you know whenever she is available for appointments at the Sahara location.I'd give more than 5 stars if I could!
5	Mercedes has been cutting my hair for a few years and sometimes I add color as well.  She is really detailed and friendly.  She really takes her time and does an incredible job.  It is super clear she takes a lot of pride in what she does and I highly recommend her!
5	Desiree is by far the best hair dresser I have ever met!!! So happy with my hair and will be a diligent customer for the rest of my life!!! Thank you thank you thank you!!!
5	This review is actually for Kim Newman (sorry, but I don't have experience with anyone else at Mosaic).  She gets 10/5 stars for amazing hair artistry.Today I had my hair colored by Kim and I realized, while sitting in the chair, that after going to her for 7+ years I never once took time to write a review for her.  And now I've carved out an hour to go on every single site and rave about her.Before I started UNLV I discovered Kim through a friend referral. And now I want to refer Kim to everyone who's looking for a reliable, experienced hairstylist.  I usually just get my hair cut but every once in a blue moon I venture out in the world of color.I'd guess that 8/10 girls experience anxiety once they sit down in a salon chair because they don't know what they will look like after it's all said and done.  I was one of those girls (and still am) but never when sitting in Kim's chair.  NEVER.  I know I will get up and my hair will be amazing.  What I meant by "and still am" is that I don't live in Las Vegas anymore and every time I go to get a haircut in Tampa I worry excessively.  I spend hours doing research on stylists because the last time I got a cut in Tampa I left cursing the stylist in my head and have had to look for a new one (I've never had a stylist cut my hair more than once while in Tampa) so I've just given up in Tampa -- you would too after 3 years.  I'm saying all this because I text Kim for an appointment as soon as I book my trips back to Las Vegas.  She's that special and talented.  What I really admire about her (second to her talent) is her dedication to professional education, mastering new styles/techniques, and sharing her wealth of knowledge with her coworkers/friends at Mosaic.  She's really laid back and will be honest with you.  Kim if you read this, THANK YOU. ;)
5	I found Mosaic thru Groupon a long time ago. I went to Desiree a few times, and always thought she did a great job. I took a long break while I was letting my hair grow out, and by the time I was ready for a cut, Desiree was on leave, so I was referred to Meghan, and I have been going to her for about a year.I cannot say enough great things about Meghan. It is easy to get an appointment, and I'm usually in & out within an hour. She is fun yet professional. She listens to everything I ask for, and delivers it. I've been in LV for 10 years, and I've been lots of stylists in that time. Even though there is no shortage of salons here...good stylists are hard to find! If you are looking for a stylist please give her a call!!
5	this review is only for Jessica! Jessica is the lash girl at mosaic and she's absolutely amazing!!!! I moved from Seattle and shopped around a lot for a great person to do my lashes bc I don't trust just anyone. I was referred to jessica by a girl I worked with and I totally fell in love. she's so easy to get in contact with, just text her and she'll get back to you by the end of the day, her prices are pretty average for out here but cheaper than cherry lash lounge and I get compliments on my lashes daily. she's seriously the best!!!
5	If you want long beautiful lashes, amazing eyebrows, and beautiful skin. Jessica is your girl. I absolutely love the work she does. I wish I would have never left las vegas. I was probably was one of her more difficult clients and always waited till be eyebrows got out of control to make my appointment but she always made me look amazing. The first time I went to her I had no idea what eyelash extensions were I just knew I wanted them. I also had a part of my eyebrow missing because the person that was previously doing them messed up badly. But she managed to fix it and make me all better. I have never left here disappointed. My lashes were so good most people didn't know they weren't mine.
