1	OK. So let me start off by saying I was not expecting anything special from this place but I was expecting for the person to cut my hair to know what they where doing. Let me first go over my first visit with them. I take my four year old girl there to get her hair cut. the women did a fantastic job. A short little bob. I thought, I might as well get a trim too, so I ask if she had time for another hair cut and she said she had an appointment coming in and someone else would help me. The lady who did my hair had no manners, was CHEWING GUM, and did not listen to what i asked for. As she laid me back in the sink you could see the water leakage on the ceiling tiles and the lights look like that hadn't been clean for years. She took me to a station, not her station so I couldn't see her name, but a station full of junk on the table. I asked for a short style and she cut it in less than ten minutes. It came out OK. A few months later, my baby needs a hair cut. we go back to this place and the gum chewer was still there, but not the girl who did her hair last time. A nice oriental lady took her back and I told her what I wanted. An a-line bob. She cut my kids hair it looked OK wet. I needed a trim on mine and showed her a picture of how it was originally cut so she can do that too. What did she do? SHE GAVE ME A MULLET! I knew a soon as she took thinning shears to my think hair i was in trouble. I asked her to cut it shorter in the back to flush it with the new bangs she decide to add. her response? "ooh i cut it really short already". RUDE. After correcting her a few times i gave up and said it looked fine. What was I to do? Throw a fit and cry in their salon full of families. So now I look like a boy and my long red hair is gone and i have long bangs, that i cant crop because i want them to grow back to be the same length as the rest of my hair like i had them before and took me years to accomplish. You wanna know why the hair cuts are so cheap? Because they have no standards. I don't know where these people learned to cut hair, but whoever it is they need to go back. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	This place is horrible. I showed a picture of how I wanted my hair cut and she barely looked at it. Said I haven't seen her there before and asked how long she's been cutting hair. She paused for a bit as if she's thinking of a good answer and told me two years. More like two hours!!!!!!! She screwed up my layers and my hair wasn't even. She didn't even check to make sure the layers were even with each other and nothing was right about my cut. She cut my hair in less than five minutes and told me that she was finished. I'm so mad that no one there knows how to cut hair and they don't care about their customers. I'm never never going there again.
