4	This drive-thru liquor store has got it right. Friendly guys who will get what you need and if you do go inside, there is a plethora of hard liquor to choose from. Lots of beer, soda, energy drinks and tobacco-type products too. I was a bit overwhelmed by their selection.I stopped by there this past Sunday morning to pick up Bloody Mary mix. They had a nice combo pack with a full handle of Smirnoff and a large bottle of mix for only about 33 bucks. It served four of us with plenty of vodka to spare. Not a bad deal, and a great recommendation by the drive-thru guy who could tell what we were looking for!Though often busier, another great drive-thru within a quarter mile is La Milk Depot (http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-milk-depot-scottsdale).Don't drink and drive.
1	Ive been in here a few times.  Today I notice when I was being checked out the clerk just typed in $3.00 per drink I bought.  I told him the price was $2.79 on the can.  He responded by telling me that it was $3.00 after tax (apparently he knew it off the top of his head).  I though this might be wrong and just checked myself.  Arizona tax on liquor is 5.6% this means even rounding up I should have only been charged $2.95 per can after tax.  I know this is a small amount to get mad over, but they basically stole 25 cents from me because they do math in their head.  And Ive been here a dozen times, just knot icing this now.  Times that by everyone who comes in there.  I would love it if the owner would message me about this.  Im also looking into filling a complaint with the BBB.
4	This place has it all from beer, malt liquor, wine and hard alcohol Ill admit it doesnt look too welcoming from the outside but once you step inside youll feel more comfortable. The guys that work inside are really helpful especially if you want to try something newI couldnt find any smirnoff ices so i could ice my friends and they went into the back to grab me some. So excellent serviceThe only reason why its not 5 stars is because their price for a fifth of fireball is the same price for a handle at total wine. But im sure its only so they can stay in business.
