3	Napoleons is an interesting bar with an interesting crowd.I have friends that talk about Napoleons as a really nice champagne and cigar bar ....and a couple of other friends that like drinking and the deuling pianos.It seems as if dueling pianos has become the most current copy cat trend in the strip hotel scene.It appears that the popularity of the Times Square Bar has spread to several hotels including the Paris and Harrahs.Now the interesting part ....Napoleons is a large bar with comfortable chairs ringing a great many tables in the room......The people in the room are a very eclectic group .....cigar smokers ...champagne drinkers, regular drinkers  .......... but all in all, an older crowd than the other venues offering deuling pianos.It is interesting watching the piano players trying to bring out some life and energy in the crowd.Many audience members want to be active and participate -and there are a good number of people that look like a rocking piano number is an intrusion in their life.There is great service from the bar and really good music -It looks like Napoleons is a bar that is trying to find out which identityfits it the best.You will not have a bad experience in this barEnjoy it....... just be aware of which hat you wear !!
5	This is a great piano bar with a nice laid back, more mature crowd.  The pianists are friendly, entertaining, and skilled and we enjoyed it very much.  Kronenberg on draft was excellent, and a large glass was $6 which is a deal in Vegas.  The seating layout was spacious and very nicely laid out.  The bathrooms are pretty far away...you can either go to the casino or they will send you down the hall into the convention center bathrooms.  If you're there at night, that can feel a little weird.  The bathrooms in the convention center are enormous because they handle conferences, and to be in there after midnight all alone a long way away from anyone was a little weird.
4	I had more than a couple drinks here while I was staying at Paris, but I never went in while they had the pianos going. Every time I went by there was plenty of comfortable seating, and the bartenders knew how to make a wicked French 75.
5	Dueling pianos rocked. Guys were very funny. Bar is a cigar bar, with very little smokers. (yay!). Seats cumfy, bar staff were nice. Drinks a little costly, but its a smaller lounge where ppl tend to hang around for hours.The guys knew so many songs it was astonishing. They look them up and learn them on the spot. The more u tipped, the more prompty they played your song.  Lots of humour and lyric changing (some songs). Be prepared to hear some songs a few times and songs u never want to hear again. (grease, abba, etc)I'd go every nite if there wasnt so much other dam stuff to do in LV.
4	I really loved lounging in the cigar lounge on a big comfy antique style chaise by the window. No pianos playing while I was there, but they had a good assortment of music that "set the mood".   ;)I love champagne, so I ordered the tester flight. Didn't seem much like a tester though, all the glasses were full! LoL. Tasty assortment of 3 bubblys and some tonic water to clear your palate. At $19 I think it was a great deal for a niiiiice little buzz.   :)
4	WTF is a dueling piano bar?! Step in here and find out...but I can tell ya it's a strangely high amount of fun.Heading back to our rooms after a late-night meeting, we got dragged into this place by one of our amped-up coworkers (luvyaBrit!!!), and eventually ended up with our tushies in a big comfy seat around a table while we laughed ourselves silly at the dueling piano players.If you are not into the whole seedy LV bar scene, check this place out as it's mellow yet fun and honestly the sing along and raunchy humor is right up my alley.Not so keen on....the cranky waitress who kept asking us if we wanted drinks....and eventually told us in a snotty ass voice that there is a 2 drink minimum per person, since that is why they don't charge admission.Well maybe tell us that when we sit down instead of just giving us attitude for 15 minutes? Not rocket science. Oh and you can order bottled water as a 'drink'...stay hydrated in Vegas right.Loved...the pleather snakeskin bluey green pants that the skinny chick dueling piano gal was wearing, and she rocked them too!
1	I generally like places and don't like to give bad rankings unless they are really bad.  This place was really bad.When we went, only one guy was playing piano, and he was horrendous (my stomach churned as we were walking in while he was singing Baby Got Back).  Our waitress was a complete moron who was confused by everything.  To top it off our drinks had almost no alcohol in them and still cost about $10 each.  When you are in Vegas, the whole point of leaving the free drinks in the casinos for expensive ones in lounges is to relax and actually have decent cocktails.  You won't get those at Napoleon's.
5	WOW WOW WOW... the dueling pianos were so cool the two pianists were fun and energetic and worth going to see.  We went last night, a monday, around midnight and the place was packed we got a couch toward the back but soon found a nice table closer to the pianos, the drinks were strong, but you will pay for it.  I found ordering from the bar was faster than the waitresses but I would assume thats why mine were strong.  the whole place had a cool vibe that was just fun.  We had planned on just stopping by to see the place and ended up staying for 2 hours, this place is awesome, perfect end to the night.
5	This place is a good time.  My sister and I got there early.  Only a few people in the place and a guy playing guitar by himself...and singing.  He found us charming and talked to us quite a bit.  He liked us as his backup singers.  So, the first of the dueling piano guys show up, and are one man show starts talking to him and pointing at us..moi?  What have we done already?  So, they start their show and we start with the money.  For 20 bucks, they play whatever you want.  After we through about 80 bucks their way, one piano guy announced to everyone that we were the sugar mamas of the night and they were our bitches.  Pretty funny.  We dropped a lot of money in there, but it was fun.  They try to play anything you want.  The beer was going down well this night, too.  We ended up staying the whole time.  They actually have pretty comfy seats to sit in.  It was nice to have a comfy chair to watch the show.  I would recommend it.
4	My sister and I came here on our b-day to partake of champagne and maybe watch the dueling piano's. Luckily we came on the last hour of happy hour, which of course ends when the piano's begin and we ended up having a wonderful time, albeit ending up absolutely broke. We started off with happy hour beers, and the selection was very generous and then had a couple of the champagne flights. The only complaint with the flights is that they only half fill the glasses. I was just like, really? Your not already making enough money to just fill up the damn glasses? In fact with the money we spent, we would've been better off getting a whole dang bottle, but my sister couldn't pin down which one was her favorite. The dueling piano's were a whole lot of fun, it was a man and a woman, who were both talented and hilarious. I only wish they could've taken  turns with the songs, playing both high AND average tips. My sister and I literally gave them our last $5 cash, and they ignored our request, along with others I'm sure to play songs with tips that were $20 and above. I just wanted to cry out, please I'm sorry I'm not cheap I'm just poor okay?! Overall, wonderful time, fantastic waitress, she ended up being from the same county as us back in New York, small town or what?
4	It's "Napoleon's Retreat" actually. This is one of my secret spots in Vegas for a nice drink and cigar. Most of the tourists won't go in because of the cigar smoke, and even though it's in the Paris Hotel/Casino, it's usually pretty quiet. Bring your own cigar. The selection in the bar is fairly weak. Competent bartenders will make whatever you fancy. Patience is key-- the cocktail waitresses are a bit slow to notice you sometimes. Been here many many times. My usual spot to wait for the wife to get all spiffy up in the room before dinner out.
5	We had a blast here. The piano players were really great and very funny. My husband likes to smoke cigars, so this place was a hit for him. We went there a few times in one week because it was so much fun.
2	Napoleon's, 2006: The Paris created an ambiance of a cool rainy April evening in France. The rain slicked streets are being lit by the warm glow from the lamps of the bistros on side streets, a beacon for  the hard working Parisian on their way home from work...everthing has a mist fractured sparkly aura...Napoleon's was an oasis of coziness with overstuffed, well used, but good quality couches and chairs. The soft tinkle of the piano in the background sets the tone for a lovely bottle of Champagne and intimate conversation with friends. Bowls of rice snacks on the tables and a complimentary nosh from the carvery welcome you to linger....Napoleon's, 2010: The Paris has attained that most feared patina of old tobacco smoke and thin coating of dust on the all-too obviously fake greenery...Napoleon's reminds one of an courtesan well past her prime. The few well worn slightly sticky red velvet couches are bottom-ed out, making its users resemble taco shells when sitting...they have moved the few comfortable chairs to the cold, rank cigar room...the rest of the chairs, are those you would normally find in a convention centre meeting room (perhaps from the area just around the corner?). The wine list is poor and limited; only three sparklers listed, with only one, the Tattinger, being of any quality. The red and white wines are pedestrian. The best thing they offer is the $19-$20 flight of  3 sparkers or port  which are presented in a lovely acrylic and metal carousel with a glass of soda water to cleanse the palate.  Gone is the complimentary carvery nosh and the bowls of rice snacks. And no other food is offered for purchase, lending its patrons to loading up on the 1/2 price drink specials and then staggering out into the casino looking for sustanence, gastronomic and spiritual, elsewhere. There was no mood music from the piano (which is now covered with tacky stickers) but a gentleman playing guitar/synthesizer far too loudly for us to carry on conversation. Whereas in a previous visit, the music ranged from classical to French standards like "La Vie en Rose", this was a mish mash of everything from Elvis to The Eagles. But no music to take you mentally to Paris...a shame...Where once, Napoleon's was a little tender haven that encouraged its patrons to dress as do the French, with style and flair, its most recent incarnation seems content to sink down to the ultra casual, jeans and logo bearing t-shirt crowd. The sense of "specialness" is lost. Might as well go to the "Hard Rock" .Yes, the economy played a factor in its decline but just because you can't dine on caviar, its doesn't mean you automatically switch to canned dog food. How sad! From sophisticated to sophmoric in only three years. Truly a loss for Las Vegas....
4	Went here our first night on vacation and had a blast.The piano players were really good. They interacted well with each other and the crowd and were talented musicians, playing pretty much any genre you could possibly think of. We were able to get a seat fairly quickly, and the crowd was a nice mix. Drinks were, for Vegas, not too bad... $10 for a mixed drink.The only knock is that cocktail service was pretty slow. They only had two waitresses working a pretty big and pretty packed room.
5	One of my favorite places to attend in Vegas! I was so excited to go back this round and it was just as good! Located within the Paris hotel. This place is always packed and worth it! Almost cheesy at first, but you can't help but get involved. The dueling pianos are great and they are very talented. The crowd is always mixed and people willing to throw down money to get their songs played. Don't drop anything but a $20 or it won't get played. The mixed drinks are around $10. After looking on the website they claim to have 100 different types of Champagne. I can't believe I didn't know about this? Not one waitress said anything and no one around my was drinking Champagne. Also, its a cigar bar and again not one person was smoking. Maybe this was just a rare occurance each time I come. So so so much fun though!
1	Thanks to it's popularity: To be avoided. Packed full of gaper tourists from LA who do not smoke cigars. By packed, I mean the entire lounge is at or above capacity. Hard to even move around. This used to be a reasonably quiet lounge where you could smoke a cigar, sample some nice drinks and relax. Now it's full of loud dueling pianos, hideous women with 3/4 exposed bolt-ons and putty knife layered makeup, Jersey Shore wanna-be dudes, and everyone doing the "LA show." I think some of the reviews here say it all. Posers. FANTASTIC people watching though. It's like that last scene in Casino when Deniro is talking about how Vegas has changed from something intimate and special to a corporate affair. No one really respects anything anymore. No one in suits or even nice clothing. It's all t-shirts and ass-eating shorts with no class. Enjoy!
4	This was my first time at a dueling piano bar (which my compadres thought was really weird... but I swear, I've never even HEARD of a dueling piano bar), and I gotta say - it's actually a fair amount of fun.Basically, you have two pianos up front that act like human jukeboxes.  You give them cash, and they will play your song to varying degrees of success.  The more cash you throw at them, the more likely they are to play your song.  It's a shameless cash grab, and way more than the dollar you'd happily waste away at a "normal" jukebox.  But maybe if you're cool like The Fonze you can just walk up to them, punch 'em in the head and they'll play.Eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
5	This was my first time hearing two pianos duel it out like that, and safe to say I was smashed beyond belief singing along to all the songs and getting all into the show, waving my eiffel tower full of margarita ice mix in the air. AH! great times.Some Australian dude dished out $500 for the last song to be Dirty Deeds by ACDC and then he got up and started dancing around as everyone in the room chanted "BIG! BAD! ASS! BIG! BAD! ASS!"Definitely something you would not want to miss up in Vegas.
2	Good music but poorly stocked bar.I sat down and got no service despite seeing a waitress walk around. So I stepped up to the bar. I asked for an armagnac and they had none. Rather disapointing specially as their menu lists 4 of them. Glancing over the bar i noticed too many empty shelves.The dueling piano stint is nice and the music entertaining. You get to request songs. You better tip with your request or you will not get your request played. They make very obvious :(
3	Pretty diverse drink menu. The prices are off, though. We had flights of champagne and glasses of wine. The champagne comes 3 to a flight with a seltzer with lime to cleanse the palate. The pours were supposed to be 2oz tastings but they were almost the full flute. The champagne/sparkling was just OK, none of them were fabulous. Says $19 in menu but charged $20 each. The wine was OK. We tried the 14 Hands Cab. $9 a glass. No water here, bottled water only for $5 a bottle. The piano players were loud and not that great. Singing off key and trying to be funny but they really weren't. I'd say hit up Harrah's or New York New York if you want a good piano bar. Gets pretty crowded, we were lucky enough to snag a little table with a few chairs. Restrooms are down in the conference center area. Huge so no worries of line - no kidding, about 50 stalls in each the guys and girls.
5	Was walking around the Paris Casino and came upon a bar thatwas hopping to find out their were dueling piano players. So we decided to take a listien for a few songs and wound up staying there for several hours. Anybody who can pull off Motorhead's "Ace of Spades" is great in my book. They were extremely funny and kept you interested and having fun all night!
5	Love it.............A man playing a sax to me, very sexy!  Great after dinner place for a drink and smoke.  (i don't so can't tell you if they have a good selection) However many were indulging and looked  very satisfied as well.
3	Good times! Service... Not so much.Good pianists, with mediocre singing voices. The one guy does cartoonish imitations, rather than trying to emulate artists or make the songs his own. Shitty requests!!! The patrons at the piano bar on this night thought it was an episode of "Stump the piano player." Example: one guy requested a non-hit-single B-side from Alice in Chains! Great! The idea of a piano bar is to throw a big party where everyone can sing along, NOT to see how confused and confounded we can make the musicians. The place also had Shitty service! The waitress would show up every 30-40 minutes to sell us an OVERPRICED drink ($8 beer/$11 cocktail). Do yourself a favor... go down the hallway and buy your beers from the convenience store for $3/each.
5	This place is amazing!  We were in Vegas celebrating my sister's 21st birthday, and even at that age, she loved it, and asked to go back 2 nights in a row!  The ambiance is wonderful, dark, and rich, and luxurious.  The piano players are top notch!  The take requests, have great senses of humor, and get the crowd going.  There is a ton of group interaction, as people try to bribe them to either play or stop playing any top 40song from the last 40 years.  Oddly, they did not know the song we requested, Unwell, by Matchbox 20, so instead they pulled my sis on stage to sing her a dirty little ditty that thoroughly embarrassed her.  It was wonderful.  There was one snot-faced bartender who was pretty nasty, but everything else made up for it.  Definitely worth stopping in and having a nice scotch, or a well crafted cocktail.  truthfully, their cocktail prices were even good.  $5.00 for a Stella?  i'll take it in Vegas!
3	We had a get together of online friends here yesterday.  The thing that keeps this from getting 4 stars is the fact we waited until 4:15 for them to open.  Their posted hours begin at 4.  Someone in the group finally got through on the phone to someone who unlocked the front door and opened the place.We were given Napoleon's Retreat, the private room, as a quiet place for the 15 people to get away from the loudness of the main room.  Congratulations to the staff for turning a losing moment into something positive.  But you know, when you're advertised opening time is 4 PM, you should have the doors opened then or shortly thereafter--not 15 minutes later.
4	Pretty good spot!we stopped here on our way to dinner. they had a happy hour (for beer 2X10 or something like that) A dude played on guitar was singing any song from 70s till now days... but he did not know the song that i have asked him :)anyway... good spot to have a drink wile listening to some quality music.
5	I liked this spot a lot. The piano players were engaging bringing the crowd into the performance and getting people to sing along, which is very important. They knew all the songs, quick with the insults and little side banter, and played requests quickly. Top notch.We found our way here after the Manilow show and grabbed a seat. Recommend to anyone interested to go around starting time, as it started to get really crowded and tables were scarce as the place filled. Also, this is a great people watching spot. There was some drunk dude hitting on a girl, dancing and air guitaring it up in front of the crowd. The piano guys bet $10 he'd fall by the end of the night, and by golly he took a major spill with the girl about 30 minutes later. We saw 2 brides as well, really fun to see them and cheer them on during a slow song.Definitely check this lounge out if you are in Paris around 9.
4	This is my go to place for late night unwinding. I just luv their champagne flight (3 glasses of 2 oz for 19$). The dueling pianos are entertaining and get the crowd involved very quickly and can get pretty wild pretty quick. It is more of a older crowd but very enjoyable nonetheless. Good Selection of wines/cognacs etc. Next time I will try King Louis XIII as it seems a be offered for a decent price here. They do have a humidor so next time I will give that a try as well. Its like a routine place for me by now and I usually end up here after trying other supposedly hot spots. Recommended above other spot for sure.
5	My favorite place in Vegas. You HAVE to try the drink called Midnight in Paris. Piano guys are cute and awesome!
5	Dueling pianos why don't we have you in Hawaii?! You must come to Honolulu because you my friend are awesomeness captured to the tenth degree! While on my Vegas vacation we visited Napoleon's after a mishap at a club where we were going to see Nelly. I'm not a Nelly stalker, I just wanted to say that I was able to wear my apple bottom jeans and boots with the fuuurrrr. Don't hate the player. Hate the game son! So long story shortened, that was a flop and we ended up drinking cocktails at Napoleon's. If you've never watched dueling pianos before, it's basically two guys, two pianos and any song you can think of being played and sung. It's every bad piano lesson in the world turned good! It will make you wish you had practiced harder at playing the musical instrument your mother forced you to take up when you were eight. It will make everything your mother said right, and you so very, very wrong.The night started like this...+Dueling Piano Dude: That man just put $100 to play whatever is on this piece of paper. Sir, I am now your bitch for the next twenty minutes!+The Audience: Bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahha+Dueling Piano Dude: I am now going to play Meatloaf's "Bat Out Of Hell!!!"+The Audience: BwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaIt was epic and then I had him play Lady Gaga's "Poker Face." I am now inspired to make my son practice piano til his fingers bleed!!Yelp 365 Challenge: #35/365 (The Dueling Pianos)
3	Napoleon's Dueling Piano BarOverall3.75Gold Medal - Extraordinary PianistSilver Medal - Peppy Fun EnvironmentBronze Medal - Free entranceThese pianist knows every song!  From Journey to Metallica.  Truely amazing.There were people singing, dancing, and drinking.  People were having the time of their lives.This is a free activity at night.  There is no admission fee and no drink minimum. Unlike comedy improv shows, where you get in for free, but the waitresses are hounding you for drink orders, causing you to miss the entire show. Here at Napoleon's, you pay for what you want to order.  If you want to request that special song that makes your body alive, you pay a tip with the name of the song written on a piece of paper.The crowd was mainly 40 years old+.  All the younger hipsters are probably out hitting the dance clubs.HAPPY DUELING!!
4	Walking and endless walking. We all needed to rest our feet and renujenate. I rejuvenate with alcohol, so we wandered in. I really liked the dark wood paneling and red velvet chaise lounges and deep leather chairs. Very cozy and classy in the old world victorian way. There were no dualing pianos in the afternoon, but a guy was up there singing pop songs and old rock classics. We settled in the cigar retreat just because we like private little cubbys. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OAEeaLLm_9sHksKJEY0o0w?select=WSwlpTyOTWGMXFcnz-k5VQ Bartender John served up a Hendrick's Martini just right. Finally. The last two bars we hit did not have Hendricks. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OAEeaLLm_9sHksKJEY0o0w?select=x1Eq5YVdAxnod14bzdpsvQHendricks: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OAEeaLLm_9sHksKJEY0o0w?select=NcMiquvoQfTRLuvD4vab8QI really liked the vibe of this place and the friendly bartender. I can only think it would be very cool when the pianos are dualing.
5	I will punch you in your gullet if you say you don't like dueling pianos. And I'll do it twice if you say you don't like FREE dueling pianos.This is a great alternative to the overpriced cirque du soleil and comedy shows. The drinks are a bit pricey but, again, it's a free show and there is no drink minimum.Keep in mind that it gets crowded, so if you want a seat you should arrive on time, if not prior to the show. Last time I went, we rolled in super late and had to stand by the bar; however, there was plenty of room to do so.It's definitely a couples scene, so don't expect to do much creeping here, unless of course you want to pick up a mid 50s drunk mom dancing to Billy Joel.The pianists sit against a glass window, so you'll constantly see people peeking in and looking downright confused. This only adds to the fun of it. Finally, the best part (aside from the music) is the tipping policy. The pianists will encourage people to tip upwards of $100 for a song, and they'll do so by instigating tipping battles between two people. It usually ends with an overenthusiastic drunk tipping an outrageous amount for no more than two minutes of entertainment. Fantastic.
5	A free piano bar with an excellent atmosphere, talented duelist, decently prized drinks, and good service.  Make sure you arrive early if you'd like a seat, otherwise it becomes a standing room only affair pretty darn fast.
4	Sorry....not a piano bar fan. Seems this is at every bar in Vegas now and it seems a bit too predictable these days. That being said, I love hitting Napolean's Lounge to catch N Demand. These guys are da bomb. If you like Motown, you will LOVE these dudes. Total showmen with amazing voices. We are always disappointed when they are touring cuz they are our go to band for a great night in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, I try to take out of town guests anytime one drops in. They love em too. Go see em. I swear you will be dancing in your seat all night. Oops....the best part.......FREE!
4	We came to laugh, we stayed to rock.Thursday night, no plans. So we decided to go to a comedy show in the Paris Casino. Intimate room to see a comedy show. Drinks are not cheap but we got our tickets for free, so we didn't mind paying the drink prices. The waitresses can be slow at times, but you can go up to the bar and get them if you don't want to wait.As soon as the comedy show was over, they quickly set up the small stage with 2 pianos. And the music began, one piano man...and then the next. I've been to a piano bar before, but this one was so much better. They'll play anything that's been on the radio for the last 60 years. Just write it down and shoot them a few dollars. They played a great mix of music and performed them really well. We were sure to test their range with Led Zeppelin "The Immigrant Song", Hanson's "MMMBop" (LOL), CeeLo Green "F*** You", and The Dead Milkmen "Punk Rock Girl". We had so much fun we ended up staying for the whole 4 hours they perform.  Behind the piano men are windows to the casino, it's fun to watch the people go by, looking confused as to whats going on inside, some passerbys actually licking or kissing the windows.I'm already getting my request list ready for next time.
5	Ohhhh dueling pianos... how I love thee when I go to Vegas... Where else can I go to hear Metallicas "One" played or Pearl Jams "Black" played by 2 pianos that rock the house? Oh that's right... no where... This place is so much fun, yeah it gets crowded, just grab a chair, check with people behind you to make sure you're not blocking their view, order a drink and have a good time! Always a must for me when I go to Vegas. :)
5	I absolutely love this place! In fact, I come here every time I am in Vegas. A few years ago they had a voice group that performed there, called In Demand. This time they had Dueling Pianos. The atmosphere is awesome! The energy is high! Oh, and it's all free!
4	I was skeptical at first, but I was really happy I ended up here! The pianists are really talented and play a wide range of music from classical to top 40s. You can sing along and request songs (thought the ones with bigger tips are more likely to be picked). There is also a full service bar to enjoy drinks while you listen to the music. A great activity in vegas when you need a night off from the club scene.
5	Stumbling upon this bar on our way back to our hotel when we thought it was time to turn in, made for the best part of our whole weekend.  At a late hour, this piano bar located in the passageway between Paris and Bally's called us in and we stayed until closing.  The two piano players were fantastic and fun and we sang our hearts out for what seemed like hours though nobody was looking at a watch.It's two pianists with very different musical tastes.  One played ACDC and Guns and Roses and the other Billy Joel.  And it all worked wonderfully as the soundtrack to our lives. The room is beautiful in a boho chic kind of way and we flopped down in a cushy couch and had an absolute blast.  Now the waitress completely ignored us which was fine since were already over-served by this point.  So this was totally free entertainment.  Even better.  Absolutely loved it.
5	The best piano bar in Vegas. Actually one of my favorite places in Vegas in general. If you love live music, a fun crowd, champagne, and reproductions of the French Imperial style art, make it a point to stop by this charming spot on the walkway between the Paris and the Bally's between 9.40 and 1.30 am. Unlike some other Vegas piano bars, Napoleon's employs only two pianists and they play nonstop for 4 hours. These guys are tremendously talented and have by far the widest repertoire of any competitor. Any musician that can play a medley of Guns N'Roses, Metallica, Buddy Holly, and Sinatra deserves great praise. A particular highlight is their version of the legendary guitar solo from "November Rain" on a piano. Also the drinks are very good, especially if you are a fan of cognac and champagne which you should be if you're frequenting the Paris. The bartenders do not skimp on the spirits so a pair of champagne cocktails should be enough liquid courage to start singing along to Billy Joel and Journey in no time.
5	This show was SO MUCH FUN! We were served some good drinks and the show was hilarious! Good times with great friends. They can play anything that you request and do a huge variety of different types of music. Definitely check it out if you get the chance! Plus admission if free!
5	The absolute highlight of one of my Vegas trips.After finding out about a piano bar in Los Angeles and having the desire to check it out, I find out that there exists a dueling piano bar!  So forget the LA piano bar, VEGAS HERE WE COME.Came by after a night at the Gallery.  Not gonna lie, DUELING PIANO BARS ARE SO COOL.  My group of four sipped on Coronas and enjoyed the last half hour or so of the night.  It was really enjoyable.Tip them some bills and you'll be able to request a song.  They seem very versatile and are experts at entertaining the crowd (it was a fairly packed night too!).The only downfall of the night was that instead of Journey's Don't Stop Believing being the last song of the night, it was some other not-as-epic song that I can't even remember what it was.  Such an anti-climatic end to the night.BUT THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. GO GO GO.  I hope to return on my next Vegas trip!
3	All in all, this is one of the better bars on the Strip. If they improved a few things, it would really be a phenomenal place. The two musicians were a hell of a lot of fun. And I mean, a HELL of a lot of fun. They made us laugh, they made us sing along, and generally just made the place a good spot to choose for our Sunday night. HOWEVER, they did miss some basic lyrics that even a casual listener would realize. In fact, on a couple fairly popular songs, I could look around and see peoples expressions of "did they seriously not get those lyrics right?". Also, they clearly knew tons of rock from the 60s to today, but really lacked on other genres. If someone were to request a different genre, even if they had slapped some money down, the musicians would either find an excuse to put it off, or simply half-ass it and get the 3 minute song over in 30 seconds or less. Not cool. Now on to the drinks. My buddy and I each got a couple beers, and they were $8 each. This is about what I expected they would be. Not sure about mixed drinks though. The biggest issue wasn't price...it was service. Done without a smile, but still not the biggest issue. It was soooooooo slow. From sitting down to signing my check, it took 1.5 hours. In those 1.5 hours, we got 2 rounds of beer. Yep, that's it. 45 minutes per drink for a beer. Roughly that means that half the night we just sat there without a drink. The issue was that on a fairly busy Sunday evening, there were two cocktail waitresses for, I would guess 80+ people or so. It was really, really not cool. If this is how they normally work, I will either (a) sit at the bar, or (b) avoid it altogether next time I am town.
5	Free cover but the drinks are not. Typical piano dueling bar that most strip hotels include and it can get pretty crowded here unless you can get here early and once it's packed you'll just have to view it from the outside. The atmosphere is just fun and inviting since it attracts passer byers and the curious minded, the drinks are not cheap but it's Vegas, go live it out once in a while.
3	This review is for the sets of Cort McGown's Empire Comedy Club I have seen in there, not for dueling pianos or banjos or whatever else they may have dueling in here at other times -- fortunately while I am well away. Lines of sight are decent, with the exception of the last row if you arrive late and need to be seated accordingly. The stage is minutely low, so if you are in the front row, and the comedian is anyone other than a little person (we actually saw Brad Williams from the front row and it was perfect) you will have to lean back in your chair. There is not much space in between chairs so if you are obese or really drunk you will probably encroach on others' personal space or come crashing to the ground after you trip over a chair/leg (this has happened during a set and was awesome, by the way). The door people are pleasant and sometimes crack a few jokes, but they are not like the folks at Laugh Factory @ Tropicana that will break the ice with four-five rapid jokes to try to loosen you up.The curated series ECC in itself is upstanding, but this venue is simply a regular ole' all-purpose room with a bar. Never had any drinks here so I cannot rate the bar folk*.If you are really poor, or if somehow a particular show you want to go to sells out, just stand outside by the window walls facing the convention area and watch/listen to the set for free. - EPostscript. * Like all Vegas shows that I have been to, there is no compulsory REQUIREMENT to buy drinks like you may find in other comedy clubs in the country, e.g. LA, Phoenix. Post-postscript. The box office for it is in Bally's, NOT Paris. Strange but true; not sure if you can just pay for tickets at the door, but I always have tickets at willcall and that is at the box office for Jubilee and Price Is Right at Bally's, not the one next to the Eiffel restaurant elevator at Paris.
3	It was ok...
5	Just returned from a girl's weekend in Las Vegas.  One of my friends had been here before with her husband and told us we would have a great time.  We were apprehensive, but open for anything so we dipped for the show.We arrived around 9:45 and the show was already in full swing.  There was no place to sit but they were playing "Ice Ice Baby" so we immediately started dancing.  A few songs later we were invited to join two other ladies at their table and pulled up some random chairs.  Drinks started flowing.  Lit some cigars. We sang. We danced.  We had a BLAST!These guys are true entertainers.  There wasn't a dull moment.  They knew almost every song that was requested...even some college fight songs...which I thought was weird but the people that requested those songs were really into it.
1	Pianists at bar take tip but do not play requested songs.Drinks become more expensive after music starts without prior notice.Over charged my credit card; added charges I didn't authorize.
3	Good selection of beer and wine.  Good service and atmosphere as well...
3	On Friday and Saturday nights Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar has been a rock & roll show that is as good as it gets. What John Lennon and Paul McCartney were to rock & roll, Billy Kraus and David Mauk are to dueling pianos. They are living juke boxes that can belt out any hit that has been on the radio from "Great Balls of Fire" to "Back In Black." From 9 PM. to 1 AM., they have made Saturday night the place to party on the Strip. That was until last Saturday. Just like Lennon & McCartney, Mauk & Kraus have broken up. This is another blow to the Las Vegas dueling piano scene. What is left of Napoleon's Dueling Pianos is a good dueling piano bar show.  Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar is located in the Paris Hotel & Casino, off the mall that connects it to Bally's and the parking garage. In similar respects to the majority of Paris, it is le themed. Napoleon's resembles more of a Paris cigar lounge more than a happening dueling piano bar. The best way to describe it is elegant.  There are two entrances to the bar. One is from the cobble stoned walkway mall and the other is from the convention center hallway. Tables with plush seats make up the majority of the room. Along the perimeter is a few couches and the bar. Off to the side is a separate room that showcases cigars. The stage is against the window that overlooks the mall.  Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar is more than the 9-1 dueling piano show. When it opens at 4 PM., there is usually entertainment. I have seen a doo wop group that performs fantastic versions of Motown songs. I have seen a guitar player that is not my musical tastes.  When I watch the Dueling Pianos show at Napoleon's, there has been little difficulty getting a table. A few minutes into the show, the tables fill up. This is the time to pay for a request. I will give a tip that there are the suggested requests and the requests with green. The dueling piano  players will laugh at the suggested requests. They will play anything from $5 to $100. In my opinion, my $5 requests were just as good as a show off or drunk patron's $100 request. When Bill and Dave were performing, there would be a line of $20 requests by the second hour of the show. Into the night, as patrons become more acquainted with the alcohol, they become a part of the show. I see people that came in all normal and serious doing some crazy things that I would never think. Hopefully these people forget it when they wake up sober. I know I would like to forget paying $100 to hear "Hotel California." By the end of the night the majority of the patrons leave Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar living it up on a Saturday night.   The one drink minimum is the admission into Napoleon's. In my opinion, the drinks are high priced and the selection is below par. I would much rather be drinking a Budweiser Draft beer instead of a Sam Adam's Draft. Especially for $7! Last week, I just couldn't stand the taste of having a Sam Adam's to the point that I upgraded to a Heineken. That is $8. If you want to be buzzed during the show, I recommend having a couple of beers at another bar before the show. Regardless of the price of beer, it is difficult to get buzzed when the server seems to be visiting the table every couple of hours.   With Billy Kraus and David Mauk broken up, Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar started a new era. It is an enjoyable place to spend some time on a Saturday night. Talent is talent. David Mauk and his partner still put on a good show. Hopefully Billy Kraus and David Mauk will reunite or they will hire Bonnie Mizner full-time. Then I could rate Napoleon's Dueling Piano Bar as good as it gets.
4	This haven inside the Paris Hotel and Casino used to be a great place to come for top shelf bourbons and scotches and to enjoy a cigar in the back room. Well, times have changed and due (I think) to Harrah's purchase of Paris, the quality has dipped. They still make a lot of great drinks, though the bourbons and scotches that originally brought me here are gone. And about that cigar...it can still be had if you are willing to limit your choices to 3 or 4 brands. I like the Romeo y Julieta #3. The price point is higher than other cigar lounges in Las Vegas, know that going in. If you want a wider array of choice go to Casa Fuente at Caesars Palace. If you want to lay low with a drink and a stick, this place ain't half bad. I should mention the waitress service is a little lax in the cigar room. It's great in the main hall of Napoleon's, but less so in the cigar room. Still, you can't beat the French empire decor.Bonus tip: come late on a weeknight or Sunday and you'll have the back room to yourself, like your own VIP lounge.
4	I love to go to Napolean's when I stay at the Paris.  Their dueling pianos provide a great show and there is always great people watching at this place.  Last time I was there, I requested "Welcome To The Jungle" and they did a great version of it.
4	Everyone has their own "thing" in Vegas. For some, it's free clubbing at terrible Venues filled with disgusting looking people (Gallery). Others may enjoy splurging at raunchy ass bars with free entertainment (Margarita Ville).But whenever I'm in charge of the night, (and we aren't in a clubbing group - seriously why would you go to Vegas and not hit up clubs...) I take people here - to the DUELING PIANO BAR.While I am sad there are less young people here, the awesomeness of drunkenly singing off key to your favorite Bon Jovi song is an experience that everyone must do at least once.If you can bring a huge group into here and take over, you're in for one hell of a night.  Get here a bit early, fills up pretty fast.Pro-Tip: Bring somebody with a birthday and tip them to sing a "song" to the birthday person.  (Even better if they're a girl.)
4	The drinks were overpriced but I guess this is Vegas. The dueling pianos were great and we would have stayed longer had it not been for the creepy people at the front who got up during every song and put on a show with their oversexed dancing. We couldn't see the pianists and they were not in the slightest bit entertaining. On top of that, the mother of the provocative young woman kept slapping her ass. Creepy. We will go back and hope to stay longer next time!
3	Yikes, nightclub prices in a bar setting. Visited Napolean's Piano Bar on a Sunday night because we wanted more of a kick back evening after a full weekend of debauchery. The dueling pianos were fun and played a pretty typical set. Seems most everywhere theres a dueling pianos bar, the setlist is pretty much the same. Not that this is a knock on the venue but we were the youngest in the bar, it seems that on that night it must have attracted the over 40 crowd, I'm in my mid 30's so I'm not some freshly minted 21 year old pointing this out, just thought it was weird that I would even notice that.Now the drink prices, I understand that its Vegas, I do not consider myself cheap and happily pay for bottle service at clubs, but $70 for 4 drinks is on par with most of the higher end nightclubs on the strip. Way too high for a piano bar on a Sunday night. Would I come back? Probably, but I would be careful with my drink orders.
4	Free cover, 2 drink minimum. Great entertainment! Mostly older crowd, but sometimes you don't want to dress like a hooker and dance to EDM. Sometimes you want to sit, drink, and enjoy a show/watch something.  These guys are hilarious. A little bit money mongering but hey, that's their bread and butter. I can't believe that some people would pay 40/50 bucks for a song. One party probably spent a little over 3-400 bucks! Drinks are vegas priced. I got coffee with kalhua and whiskey and it was really strong, nothing to really complain about.
5	Hands down, my favorite bar in Vegas!  For the Gen X crowd and older.
5	We travel to Vegas once a year and NEVER miss this bar...the dualing pianos are the best..we have such a blast!  Looking forward to seeing it again THIS WEEK!  WHOOHOO!
5	I just love this place. My 1st time in a piano bar and i'm sold.
4	The dualing piano performers at Napoleon's are the best I've heard on the strip (or in Iowa for sure).  I've been going for years and I always have a good time, but sometimes if the crowd is great it is an awesome time.  I also bring my employees here when we're in town for conferences as it appeals to a variety of tastes.  Only drawback is that the drinks are $$ but they good and the entertainment is worth the higher drink price.  This is the only reason I head to the Paris.
3	We stopped in at Napoleans after dinner on my birthday to meet up with my cousin and hear some dueling pianos which can be really fun.  These two guys were okay.  They could play piano, but not the best singers and they were funny, but not comedians...know what I mean?  As free entertainment (NO COVER!) it was great, but I wouldn't pay a cover for it.Also, I ordered a glass of pinot noir at the bar and while I am not a Wine Connoisseur or even a Wine Enthusiast, I'd like to think that for $13 I should get something that was drinkable.  WORST. WINE. EVER.  Then again a WINE ENTHUSIAST may have actually asked WHAT kind of Pinot Noir they had instead of "do you have..."The waitress was great and brought us waters and the small crowd had fun.  We sang along and got into the spirit of things.  I would go back here (but buy bottled beer next time) if I was looking for some cheap entertainment... although if you want to request songs be prepared to drop some cash!  They like $20s!  If you're lucky the security guard will show up.... that's all I'm going to say about that, I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise  =)Also, it's really loud in there... so don't plan on a lot of conversation  I jacked up my vocal cords trying to talk!
5	besides going up the Eiffel tower and the crepes its the only reason i even step inside the Paris casino.  I've been here several times already and it hasn't gotten old.  no cover, two drink minimum and  pricey to, if you haven't you must.  two guys on a piano going at it.  they play everything from oldies to today's music.
5	Excellent, excellent time! Does it mean you're getting old when you have more fun at a piano bar than at a huge club like Marquee?  Anyways, I went with a crowd of 20-somethings, and we had a really good time! We didn't find that it was an "older" crowd, unless by older you mean late 20s-30s? Prices for drinks were very reasonable and service was great! Even late night the bar tenders were constantly walking around and were very helpful! Music was excellent and the performers were super fun! Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!!  May or may not have lost my voice from singing along so much.... :)
2	Came with a party of 8. Each person ordered at least 4 drinks, and I was charged for a water. Plus all the drinks are extremely weak. The guys on the piano were great though
2	Our waitress was fine. No problem with the service. Atmosphere was a kinda blah. This bar does not feel like you are in Paris.Dueling pianos was horrible. The guy on the left was the best; the guy on the right was terrible. When he wasn't watching the TV screen behind the bar (while he was doing the act) he was singing the worst I've heard, outside of karaoke. And this was the beginning of their evening performance. So, he was not really interested in performing for the crowd. The TV had his interest and this was really disrespectful to the audience. Then he sang so off-key we gulped our drinks and high tailed it out of there. His singing was worse than nails grating on a chalk board!! Now, if you enjoy drinking and listening to the piano player singing terribly, then this show is for you. Not enough drinks could have kept us there. What a disappointment. I expect some bad singing at karaoke, but not dueling pianos. Who hired this duo? I give the manager an 'F' for allowing this. If this is the way the show is supposed to go, then be forwarned and skip it. We've been to other dueling piano acts in various cities and none of them were like this.
2	Last Time we were at Paris we went restaurant and lounge hopping... we didn't stay there but my sister and her husband did. I like live music a lot so we went to see Dueling pianos. One thing I didn't like was that they only played partial songs and were vying for big tips just to play small bits of songs... kind of cheesy. Piano players good but their singing was very average to poor. Definitely not where I would like to spend my time next time I come to Vegas
1	It takes a lot for me to walk out of a place. However, this place managed to make it happen in less than two minutes. We walked in at 5:30 on a Sunday, it was a holiday weekend so I was not expecting it to be completely empty, but it was. When we walked in there were 3 waitresses huddled in the corner who just stared at us. No welcome, no hello, nothing. Strike one. We sit down and are greeted by an entertainer (he was on the guitar) such a nice guy! As we look over the menu (as we still hadn't been greeted) I over hear the waitresses complaining about getting a table. ARE YOU SERIOUS? We are the only table in the whole restaurant, the ONLY opportunity for you to make money and you complain? Makes no sense to me. Strike two. Waitress comes to the table, Thao was her name and says "what can I get you".  Uhh, a "hello" would be good. Or how about a "welcome!". Strike 3. I say to her, I see on your website its 2 for 1 happy hour till 7, what is included? ". Nothing we don't do that anymore" she says to be irritated. I look at her shocked that A, she is talking to me this way, and B, that if this was true, you would think they would update their site to show the correct information. What Thao failed to realize is that this was a party of Diamond Members. As people that spend a lot of money with Harrah's, this was an extremely disappointing experience. I will not be returning to Napoleon's which is sad because this is one place I have wanted to try for years. Tip to the Napoleon's - hire servers that want to work.
2	This place is awesome for it's live music and atmosphere but some of the bartenders are dicks. Don't ask for water because they say "the can't and only serve alcohol". Even after I told him I was the DD I was still denied.
5	Most fun in 4 hrs that I've ever had ! Took my sister and her friend when they came to town and ended up doing 2 nights in a row ! These guys are so funny and keep the crowd on its toes the whole time . I do suggest that u get there before 10pm to get a table because even on sun and mon night when we were there it got pretty full . Thank you Dave Mauk for 2 great nights !
2	The men were talented but they were super obnoxious when it comes to getting tips.They hustled every body and were rude if you didn't tip enough. We were there to have a good time but when the men weren't singing they were practically begging for tips.I would have tipped maybe $5 but I was afraid of getting heckled for not tipping enough.
3	We had a really good time at Dueling pianos! There is a two drink minimum which was overpriced, but the entertainment made it worth it. The two pianists played everything, and were having a great time. They were playing songs left and right, anything for the right tip. You can give a tip to have them play a song (The bigger the tip the more likely they'll play it, and they didn't hide it) or just let the evening unfold around you, which is what we did.My favorite part was when they noticed they had so many $5 tips for songs, so they played a very long (Five Dollar Medley) of all the songs they had queued up, which was amazing, and really fun. It slowed down a bit when they started getting tips for college fight songs, which was not entirely their fault.
5	Billy is amazing!   He can play nearly any song from any generation.   FANTASTIC TIME!!!!
5	we had an incredible time, Tuesday night, this place was full, we had a blast. Servers were attentive, considering the place was packed and I think there was only 2-3 waitresses.
3	My family stopped here for some evening cocktails and wanted a place to chill out before heading back to our hotel rooms.We were lucky to get a spot in a nice corner with a table and seating for six adults. Our waitress was very prompt and courteous and brought our drinks with a smile.What's interesting about this place is that their are two guys playing pianos (music organs really) and singing rock and roll tunes from the past 57 years.  Their are little yellow slips of paper on all the tables where one would fill out to request a song and for a small fee the guys will play it for you.It was interesting and entertaining at times listening to these dueling pianos play popular songs. What's amazing is that these guys knew the lyrics to all the requested songs!  The bad...sometimes it was embarrassing listening to them sing songs that was off pitch and off key at times, but that is entertaining as well.
4	We visit this place every time we stay at Paris.  The dueling piano's are great.  It is for that reason alone that we visit. The rest I could leave.  The drinks are like the rest oin Paris - overpriced.  Ask for tap water and you will get a 4oz bottle for $4.  Even if you order a bottle of wine for 4x the retail price.
1	Maybe my husband and I came to Napoleon's too early in the evening. We were catching a show at 9:30 so we stopped by around 8pm. The dueling pianos don't start until later but we figured since we were there, we would grab a drink.Well, it appears that just because it's on the menu doesn't mean they carry it. I asked for the Molly Dooker shiraz and the bartender started off telling me it didn't come by the glass, then maybe they were out of it, then that they weren't carrying it anymore. What they actually did carry was pretty low quality at a high price. And if you have read, like me, that they specialize in champagne...that's not the case either.The atmosphere is kind of dark and dingy. We would not go back, not even for dueling pianos. There are too many other places with dueling pianos on the strip to choose this place!
3	Great Atmosphere when the Dueling Pianos are playing but any other time it's just ok. I really wanted to love this place, it has an interesting wood-paneled walls, red curtains nice comfy chairs, lovely pictures and an impressive wine, cognac, scotch, bourbon and champagne menu but the big drawback it's the smell, the furniture smells funny and the abundance of smokers is impressive. I came in with a few friends to have some drinks and enjoy the show but we had to move from our original table because the Party next to us was smoking cigars. I really don't enjoy being nearby smokers, nothing personal to anyone that smokes but I can't take the smell. I remember I came in here a few years back and now I know why I didn't enjoy myself. If you enjoy smoking a nice cigar on one hand and sipping some brandy on the other then this is the place to go. Limited beer selection and everything is overpriced imo. Service was slow once the entertainment started. Having only 2 servers doesn't help when you have a place that can hold close to 80 people. This place is located really close to the Paris Hotel self parking structure. 5 stars easily for the dueling piano performance, 2 stars for the service, 1 star for the crowd and 4 for the old school French decor.
3	Came over here after seeing a show as we wanted to smoke a cigar and celebrate our New Year's Eve early.We had scoped this place out several times and figured it would be a lot of lively fun after seeing the show.  We arrived around 12pm and quickly ordered champagne and what turned out to be a crappy cigar.  I think I had read that you didn't get an ash tray unless you smoked their cigar.  It was a Romeo y Julieta and just didn't burn evenly and even caught fire!  Anyway that is just a bad cigar selection on my part. The bottle of Blanc de Noir Domaine Chandon was perfect though as we listened to the dueling pianos.  The performance really is based upon what the audience would like. Mostly people seemed to request the 80s genre of Journey, Wings, Billy Joel, Metallica, Eagles, etc.What was a bummer was that I saw the sign which said the dueling pianos was 9-1am.  What we didn't realize is that the whole place shut down at 1am which is like an 8pm kids bed time everywhere else.  Also the piano guys start telling you that they are winding down and you can tip them more if you want them to play longer.  um, they start this at 12:30pm! Oh and them they play only about a minute of the song that you request!   I have to admit that they did engage people and they did not seem to get stumped by anyone.  I would have tried, but was not going to spend the money.Then finally 1am hits, the bright lights go on and there are mo encores.  We chugged our last glass of champagne and walked out.
