3	Some of the employees here make excellent sandwiches and are exceptionally polite, the others...not so much. It's pretty hit or miss depending on who's working when you go. I like Port of Subs, so I'm happy to have a location near my neighborhood, however I wish the service were more consistent. Both my boyfriend and I have been skimped on veggies so many times, and it's really a frustrating issue when it happens on so many occasions. For me, a sandwich is more about the layers of vegetables and the delicious seasonings with a highlight of cheese, not the other way around, so when I'm offered a few measly slices of tomato it's a little insulting. I'm not a high-frequency customer because there's also banh mi and salads up the street, so I only find myself motivated to eat here once in awhile given the competition.
1	Food poisoning! Yikes! AVOID
4	Wow, I'm surprised to see the negatives. We have had a good experience here.  Right now I am eating a veggie with so much lettuce I have a little salad on the side. cheeses and avocado are standardWe use all their services; delivery, internet pick-up and stop-in.  Fast delivery, GREAT pick-up, good stop-in. We always order online. The website is easy to use and gives all the options at the store with easy to select choices.  We do always go at night I also like the macaroni salad and I love the pickles. I wish I knew what kind of pickles or a similar pickle. I love them.
1	This location stinks. Service is ridiculous. Girl behind the counter kept asking about the tattoos my husband and I have. Rather unprofessional and pretty rude. I'm not a fan of people who try to make small talk with me in the hopes that we have something in common. This location was also dirty. Never again. I will stick with Subway.
5	This place is really good, I eat here once or twice a week because I work in the area. Its affordable and great fresh food. Its very clean, they mop like 3 times a day and the employees are the nicest of any place I've ever been. Ask for the "UPS special", its a breakfast wrap with egg, turkey sausage and sliced chicken with barbeque sauce and provalone. Its the best wrap you'll ever eat.
