2	McGill ghetto favorite is often hailed to be the best pizzeria in Montreal.  Now Montreal ain't exactly known for pizza but this is still way off the mark. I can name five or six places off the top of my head that are better. Amelio's is only the "best" if the only point of reference is the ubiquitous 99 cent garbage. Amelio's pizza is greasy with generic low-quality cheese, cardboard crust and unremarkable toppings. I used to live close by so I'd go on occasion since there's not really much in the area. The last time I went I vowed never to go again and I haven't. We were a group of four trying to catch a quick bite before going to see a movie at Cinema du Parc. There was only one table free when we entered. The table was for six people. The waitress refused to let us sit in that table because she said that it was reserved exclusively for parties of six. It didn't matter if no one was there, we couldn't sit there because we were only four. We argued a bit but it wasn't working so we ended up waiting and finally got a table after a ten minute wait. And guess what? Nobody ended up sitting in the "table for six" and we missed our film. Thanks, Amelio's!  We should have left. Next time I'll walk five minutes to Eurodeli on St. Laurent (which has better and cheaper pizza in any case).
3	We stayed nearby on a recent trip to Montreal and Amelio's was recommended to us as the best pizza around. The recommender did mention issues with getting a table (perhaps of the sort the prior reviewer mentioned of not being able to sit at a six person table with four people) but said once you were seated everything was fine. The entrance is on Milton, although the sign is around the corner, so we walked right past initially. Among the four of us we tried lasagna, spaghetti with meatballs and a half cheese/ half mushroom pizza.  The restaurant is small, and clearly is a popular local / McGill hangout. We arrived at 11:30 for lunch, and by noon the restaurant was half full. The pizza was very cheesy, with the type of crust that I think of as Greek (rightly or wrongly). By that I mean less salted and buttery than pizza I am used to. We used forks and knives for our pizza, because the cheese overwhelmed the crust. Our servers were friendly, and we had a nice meal.
3	A pretty good pasta and pizza place...Prepare to wait in line when going on a Friday or Saturday night. The pizza here is quite good (better than the pasta in my opinion), although I'm not sure it's worth the wait. Also, the place stops letter people in at 9pm, so not a place for a late dinner.
5	This is quite possibly the best pizza in the entire world and trust me I eat my fair share of pizza.... I have also had pizza in Italy and in Chicago and Amelios is by far the best pizza ever.I have eaten in there and also done the take out. I prefer the take out so I dont wait a jillion years for a seat. But its worth the wait even if its long.
4	Best pizza in montreal. I used to live three doors down, and walked into the place and fell in love. while in the mcgill ghetto, you don'y expect the food to be that good. the pizza is authentic and it's a BYOB. Reasonable prices. It's the kind of place you take your parents out to in uni when visiting because it's not fancy, but still french intimate.
5	Possibly the best pizza in Montreal.  It's always busy, so getting a table can be hard, but you can always order delivery or takeout.I highly recommend either the BBQ chicken or the Hawaiian.   It's also a BYOW place, and they make their own bread/pizza crust.Delicious!
4	Pretty good food, definitely good service, and a decent location. I found the pizza to be simultaneously doughy and a little crispy, which was awesome. They could have thrown some more mushrooms on there, since I'm not sure I would have been able to tell you it was a mushroom pizza if I hadn't ordered it, but it was still good. The pasta, cheese ravioli with meat sauce, was also very good. The salads that come with meals are definitely nothing to write home about (it's all out of a bag and you can tell), but the rest was very tasty.
5	If you're in Montreal and looking for pizza, get your butt over to Amelio's.  If you can, try to go on a weeknight, or early in the evening, because this place is small and fills up fast.  The line runs down the street even in the sub-zero winter weather.  Take-out is a good option if you live nearby or have a car.  Otherwise the walk will cool off your tasty pizza fast.  Restaurant is BYOB.Beware that the owner (manager?) tends to yell at his staff.  It can get a little awkward.
5	Hi. Meet the best pizza in Canada:Next time you're in Montreal, get to know it. Amelios has been around a long time because they serve really, really, really good pizza (and pastas and subs).  It's the kind of pizza you eat hot and fresh for dinner, and then wake up the next day to eat a nice cold slice in the morning...you know what I'm talking about it.  Dreamy sauce, old-fashioned crust, and traditional toppings.Worth the wait?Oh, I KNOW it is.
5	Amazing pizza. Might not be the best in the entire world but one of the best in Montreal by far. Unfortunately opening hours are retarded and there is often a lineup. Take out is best.
4	Montreal is making me a believer of the old adage "it's all in the water." Because between Fairmount Bagels and Amelio's, I've had some of the best-tasting breads ever!Although the draw here is pizza, I followed my wife and son's lead and ordered entrees.My wife: manicotti with spinach..cheesy saucy gooey paradise with a distinct flavor that goes down satisfyingly light.My son: spaghetti with meatballs...he wanted more and more. Me: spaghetti with meat sauce...only in Montreal can an ordinary dish like this win me over.Appetizer: salads, italian bread (3 loaves, one foot-long each), and garlic bread with cheese.I know..a lot of bread...and that's how Amelio's proved my family has an eating addiction that rears its joyous head only while we're in Montreal.One more thing, anyone complaining about the salads being bland or tasting like they came out of a bag should be suffocated with a bag.  If this is what salad tastes like when it comes out of a bag, let me know where they sell these bags because I'll buy them by the sack!
4	I haven't been to Amelio's in a while - okay, a couple of years (not since college!). But I always remember that the pizzas there were amazing. Situated in the McGill Ghetto (it's not the style of ghetto that you expect), this little italian eatery is a hit with college students and business execs. The pizza there is amazing - I don't think I have been able to find as good a pizza downtown as Amelio's. Gooey cheese, a nice light & fluffy crust - they have mastered what a Montreal style pizza should be.Prices are reasonable and the servings are great.
5	Best old-school pizza in Montreal (no pretentious wood burning oven and pine nut toppings).  AND delivery is always on time and piping hot
4	Ordered a pizza from here the other day. It was pretty darn good! Definitely better than the big franchises. Very tasty. I've got 2 criticisms though. One, the toppings were seriously falling off the pizza. This just made it hard to eat. I'm not sure why, but you really had to eat it with a fork and knife (which was fine). Second, and more importantly, I found the pizza to be a bit on the salty side. Maybe it was the cheese. Regardless, I'd definitely eat here again if I'm back in the city.
4	PROS:1. The pizza is SO SO good. It has that je ne sais quoi quality that makes it irresistible. I also tried the lasagna which was delicious but I preferred the pizza. 2. The restaurant itself is small, cozy, and quaint in the ghetto & reasonably priced. (ps. cash only) 3. Service was FAST. They also do delivery.4. BYOW ! Take a nice red to go with the rich meaty food. Droools*CONS:1. Sometime's there's quite a line up at dinner, but totes worth the wait.OVERALL:- Great place for meaty eats in the ghetto when one doesn't feel like vegging at Lola Rosa. -It's a little hidden gem that I recommend to anyone wanting QUALITY pizza downtown.
4	Cheesy-time! I have been waiting to go to this little BYOW since the very day I arrived in Montreal and it has taken me two years to get there! The line outside has always been a bit of a deterent but I decided it's worth it - and trust me I really hate waiting in line. Me and my three friends shared three small (cheesy, cheesy) pizzas, we each had a salad and shared a - you guessed it - cheesy cheesecake for dessert. I don't think I have ever been this full before in my life. And we each paid $20 including tip for all of this cheesy goodness!The BBQ chicken was delicious with BBQ sauce, decent-sized slices of chicken and caramelized onions - mmmm. The florentine had artichoke hearts and spinach - a nice blend of flavours. But the real star of the show was the 5-cheese. My friend who lives practically next door insisted, I was skeptical (with so many topping options, why get a "plain" cheese). My friend was so so so right. Something about the way the 5 varieties of cheeses blended together - I was in cheesy heaven. I would reccomend this to anyone - I am still thinking about it. The cheesecake was just OK. Not the best I've had but not bad either. I would skip it next time and maybe opt for the apple pie with cheddar (more cheese?)Service was good, especially in a place that was packed to the brim with a long wait outside. And it's BYOW - so you can't really go wrong. Not really a date place but a good choice for a group of friends looking for cheap eats and ....well cheese. Thumbs up!
3	I ordered from Amelio's recently, after getting a hankering for a reuben pizza, and I have to say I was a little disappointed.  I'm not sure if it's me, or if it's Amelio's, but one of us has changed.  The pizza wasn't bad, far from it, but it didn't have that something special from past Amelio's experiences.  Now before you get all "a reuben pizza?  as in sauerkraut and smoked meat?", YES!  It is a match made it heaven.  It's just that in memories the pizza was that little bit cheesier, there were more toppings, and after a slice or two I would be stuffed.  Not so much this time.  It was good, but not the stuff that legends are made of.  Maybe it was an off night?  I hope?
2	It's often referred to as the best pizza in Montreal but in my opinion Vinizza and Bottega are WAY better.    I find the sauce acidic and the pizzas themselves are pretty run of the mill.  I also like my crust to have a crisp flavour to it which is usually why I favour places that use a wood-burning oven and this is something they don't do.
5	This was the most unexpected surprise my entire time in Montreal!  A great concept of Bring Your Own Wine (with no corkage fee for those of you from British Columbia) it was nice to be able to pair the amazing dishes with some cheap vino.I had the lasagna and my dining partners shared the 5 cheese pizza. WOW. Just wow. The pizza was some of the best I have in memory. The crust was just unreal. And my lasagna was nothing to sneeze at either!  I would recommend either.  All dishes come with a fresh, house salad, which was an unexpected surprise.  The Italian house dressing was amazing. They should bottle it... I would buy it!
3	Mediocre pizza at best.  The meatball sub was forgettable (and lettuce on a meatball sub???).  Just an overall bland meal that was a bit overpriced.  Not quite sure why this one is so highly rated, I definitely got my hopes up.  We tried the BBQ chicken pizza many have enjoyed. It wasn't the worst one I've had.  It did taste better cold later that day.
5	There's not much to say here. This is an old school mom'n'pop family pizza & pasta joint, the kind where there's no spectacle, just a nice comfy homey place to grab a delicious meal. Local families & college students make up most of the clientele. Pizza, pasta and subs make up most of the menu. The cheesecake is a piece of rich fluffy awesomeness. But the real star at this restaurant and it's what's I get 97% of the time I go there is the 5 cheese pizza. A sauceless, condiment free pizza. Only the dough, oil, some herbs and 5 decadent cheeses. Once the cheeses have cooked together, the cheeses' richness gives the pie a buttery taste and trust me when I say it will BLOW YOUR MIND. If you ask me what is the best pizza I've ever had, it would be this one.
5	I love pizza, thin, crispy crust or buttery, deep dish style, a truly great pizza aways has me wanting more! Most of all, I love, love, love, white pizza and Amelio's version is sheer, cheesy perfection!I discovered Amelio's many years ago and I'm happy to say it's still as tasty as it was the first time I ate there!The restaurant is a clean, simple type of place usually packed with students, parking is not always easy but it is worth having to walk a a few blocks, if  necessary.The waitresses are friendly,  the owner's, two brothers, are as efficient as drill sergeants but they are doing something right because the line up goes through the door and they have been in business for decades!Onto the pizza....Their heavenly white pizza is decadent, cheesy and rich , a sensory experience contained in a light, flaky, buttery crust. Their dough has a different texture and taste then any other crust I've eaten and their medley of cheddar, brick, feta, ricotta  and mozzarella is definitely a guilty indulgence. They also include a little salad with your pizza, it comes in a little wooden bowl, nothing exciting, pretty close to a bagged mix with Kraft Italian dressing. This is a sad disappointment because I thoroughly enjoy a delicious, crisp, salad with pizza but oh well, they excell at what's most important!I've also enjoyed their regular pizza, the sauce is zesty and fresh, the amount of  cheese piled on is beyond plentiful  and the end result is pretty addictive!If you are looking for a refined type of pie,  this is not it but they do not taste like the generic Pizza you usually find at most restaurants.  Amelio's definitely has a distinct style of their own.There are few pizza's that make me crave it days in a row after eating it but this white angel makes me obsessive about wanting more and more and more!If I had a last meal on earth,  this would definitely be part of the meal!
3	overrated. surely enough, im not italian. but they put a ton of cheese on almost all their dishes. never thought that too much cheese would ever make me lost my appetite. i have seen better pizza places within the same price range.
4	Was looking for a place frequented by locals  --- great food and service at a reasonable price. We really hit the bullseye with this place. A fresh chef's salad was the perfect thing to warm us up for the main course --- a five cheese (white) pizza! So warm and salty/buttery. My wife was against the concept but quickly abandoned her perfectly serviceable beef ravioli for my dish. My 7 year old declared his pepperoni pizza to be the best he ever had.
5	Ugh, amazing. I just want to sleep in a bed made of their pizza and have bites of it whenever I want without having to move. #phatgirlproblemsIt was my friend's birthday and I took her out for some pizza, the restaurant is a BYOW so I went to the SAQ and picked up my faves. We had no idea what a perfect night we were going to have ahead of us. When we arrived the line up wasn't very long, so we probably waited 10-15 minutes before getting seated. We were automatically served a simple salad that kept our hunger at bay until our delicious pizzas were served. I ordered the Italian sausage and she had the 5 Cheese, or the "White Pizza" as it is also known as. Both were D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. Anyone who knows me, knows that I love me some good saucisse. From the dough to the cheese to the meat, it was just... magical. Perfectly rationed, perfectly seasoned, the taste never got bland, every bite made my pizza dreams come true.For a little appetizer we shared the garlic bread au gratin, which isn't REALLY au gratin and more like... sprinkled with parmesan. It was still good, but my friend and I have a very special place in our hearts for true au gratin. The restaurant is medium sized, warm, and full of happy faces and chatter. It's a lovely, relaxed dining experience and they truly do a good job at what they do best - PIZZA! Amelios even delivers or does take away. I would totally order from them instead of nasty Pizza Pizza, Double Pizza, or Dominoes. At least I know I'll be eating something authentic and loaded with flavourful, good quality ingredients.Do it.
1	i really don't know what these other reviewers are talking about, the pizza is ok but nothing to write hme about. as good or bad as any normal pizza place in town. BUT at  $20 for a personal pizza it"s a rip off. The staff however are very nice and the service is good but again not worth the price at all. Also the decor is borderline ghetto Oh yeah and no credit cards. So bring cash for this pit.
4	The pizza's bread is always fresh and tasty. The 5-cheese and Reuben are my favourites. One small pizza is usually enough for a normal hungry male! Recommended to anyone who wishes to try a professionally-cooked pizza.
5	Cute pizza place tucked in the McGill ghetto close to St Laurent street. Pizza was great and it's hard to go wrong with BYOW!
4	Amelios serves nice pies on a soft and not-too-thick crust.  One pleasant surprise is a substantial green salad with shaved carrots on top that comes before the pizza.  It's an appropriate counterpoint to the mass of dough and cheese that follows.  Convenient to McGill, on the eastern side.  One regret: not trying the Reuben, but understandable as we had been the Schwarz's earlier that day.  Next time!
3	Upon arriving, there was a long line outside which obviously made the food look very promising. Although it was cold, for how small the restaurant was, the wait in line was definitely acceptable. Free salads and bread. The pizza was pretty good, crust definitely superior to most. However, the pesto pasta was much too creamy and not very good. Overall, probably better for late night pizza delivery
5	If you can remember a pizza, it's good pizza. A week later, I was still thinking about Amelio's pizza. Problem is, I can't order the cheap crap anymore, it doesn't compare to this great pizza.
4	Love this place. My favourite pizza in town for sure. It's also old school and quiet. Great date spot. I took my beautiful girlfriend, Amanda here, and it felt like we were the dogs from Lady and the Tramp :). The waitresses are super nice. Some people like the white pizza with a side of meat sauce but I like the ground beef pizza with hot peppers and a side of garlic bread. Game over!
3	Decent pizza. This was my first pizza in Montreal and it was alright. I loved the taste of the cheese and liked the taste of the crust. As for the sauce, it was nice, but it did seem to taste more like sauce for spaghetti than for pizza. While the crust did have a nice taste, under the cheese and sauce it was very soggy and impossible to pick up. Therefore, a crispier crust would have been nice. Finally, the toppings easily came of the crust. But the overall taste was fine. Again, it was a decent pizza but pricey for what you get. Also, they are cash only. Seriously, this is not the 1800s!
3	First time I've ever been disappointed! We decided to forego the deals during Pizza Week in Montreal and drive over to our tried and true Amelios, instead. The waitress messed up our order and everything was out of whack! The bread and salads were issues (they came with strange questions and rules), the waitress disappeared with our wine (insert joke here) and she brought us Italian sausage on our pie instead of ground beef. Fennel is funny... It's like ginger and cilantro; you either love it or hate it. I am in the "hate" camp and that's why I'd never order Italian sausage. Long story short: the waitress was an airhead and I would have comped something or given the meal to us at half-price if I were her, since we left almost half of it there. My favorite pizza joint really let me down tonight. Oh well :-(
4	Another excellent BYOB in MTL, but expect a lineup if it's nice out. They're known for their 5 Cheese pizza, so definitely give it a try...but it's actually too cheesy for me to have on it's own. It pairs nicely with the pesto so I'd recommend getting those two and splitting with a friend(or friends). The pepperoni pizza's pretty perfect too. None of them get soggy in the middle, the dough is both airy and crispy...my mouth is watering just thinking about it...
5	Dough tastes like a sweet homemade bread. 5 cheese isn't even in the pizza category for me: it's the best damn cheese on the best damn dough savoury creamy thing I've ever had. So buttery (no marinara sauce) and so delicious.A must try, even if you don't "like cheese pizza"
5	Best pizza in town on a budget. My girlfriends and I go there for a good meal. We share a big pizza and cut the cost! Love this place!
