4	Visited and enjoyed my experience here a few months ago.  Before attending the first of two "pours," I strolled around looking at, as well as listening to, bronze and clay bells.  There were also a few lovely blue decorating tiles of varying sizes.  I found Paolo Soleri's designs soothing for my soul, and his visions of architecture and ecology creating self-sustainable communities are very ambitious and some I hope to see come into fruition.  The info I learned from viewing the bronze pours and the bells made me want to visit Arcosanti.  I hope to pay another visit to Cosanti and procure a few bells.
5	cosanti, situated in paradise valley, is the residence and sculpture studio of architect paolo soleri and his staff  designated as an arizona historic site, cosanti presents a unique bio-climatic architectural environment of experimental buildings featuring imaginative design elements, and innovative construction techniques having missed the opportunity to visit cosanti on my last visit to arizona, i was determined, not only to visit, but also to purchase bronze wind bells for myself as well as for gifts as this is a working studio, try to time your visit to witness the pouring of molten bronze into bell moldsstroll through the gardens and see, touch and hear the numerous clay and bronze bells hung throughout, maybe pick up a few of the beautifully glazed clay tiles while you are at itthey will carefully wrap and ship your purchases - which at the time was a much more economical option than bringing them home on the planewould definitely visit again the next time i am in the scottsdale area
5	I came her the other day with Abu J for a little stroll.  It is peaceful and charmingly quirky all at the same time.  Lot's of little paths to stroll on and whimsical architecture to take in.  We will definitely be back for a bell soon.
5	I am now a fan of windbells...not chimes, people! Windbells! And no run-of-the-mill, mass-produced items are these, made by Mr. Soleri and his associates. Each is unique, from the small clay windbells (which is all I can afford!) to the extravagant metal art pieces (which I would invest in, if money was no object).We were told that basically three families live together here, and walking the grounds you see all the molds and kilns and windbells. Cool!
5	This spot is really neat and was where Mr. Soleri was living at the end of his life.  Amazing sculptures and bells everywhere and a great place to see some of the interesting architecture such as the mushroom top over his pool.  We had just come from staying a night at Arcosanti out in the desert for the solstice and this was another stop that we wanted to make before leaving the area.  Gorgeous stuff!
4	Really an amazing place you all need to see.  A little bit hippe inspired!We did not buy anything. Very expensive!
5	I came to have a look with my mother, both of us very excited to watch the bronze pouring.We certainly weren't disappointed!The process was very interesting to watch, and the staff was very eager to answer any and all questions we may have had.Cosanti is a beautiful place just to walk around and enjoy the sounds and sights of the many bells and panels, if a little unforgiving in the summer heat.(I'm very interested in seeing what Paolo Soleri has planned for Arcosanti.)All of the personnel were wonderfully friendly and accommodating, and we were happy to make a dent in our bank accounts to support the place. :)The prices ranged by size and material, and were all very reasonable. I wouldn't mind coming back once the weather cools down!
5	It has been several years since we visited Paolo Soleri's final home here in Phoenix area. I am enamoured with my Cosanti Bells. I have a stash that I carefully selected for tone and style, but currently... shamefully... set aside, waiting to be put in my back yard for the day it finally gets landscaped. Still not done, I think of all that music I have missed. I really must get them hung.  This place has a very peaceful, almost spiritual presence and is a place to put on your must-see list when in Phoenix.  Odd architecture, shaded paths, hidden sculptures. You will appreciate watching artisans making the bells, and who can resist reaching out and making them chime in passing?  Many sizes, there are lots for sale, but you can visit for free.  It is a magical spot. Honor his creative genius and visit.
5	This place is amazing! I have lived in the valley for over 13 years and have never heard of Cosanti before, but am so glad I was able to visit. In case you were wondering, Cosanti is the residence and sculpture studios of Paolo Soleri and his staff. According to their website, "Cosanti presents a unique bio-climatic architectural environment. Its structures feature many imaginative design elements, reflecting Soleri's innovative construction techniques." This location is also an Arizona Historic Site.Cosanti is a working studio producing beautiful and unique bronze and ceramic Windbells. The bells range in price, however the small models are less than $35 and are AWESOME gifts. If you call ahead you can be sure you don't miss the bronze Windbells being poured, which was fascinating. Cosanti is perfect for anyone who loves art, architecture, natural landscapes, modern  and progressive movements and different and adventurous things to do.
5	Soleri had a wonderful imagination and I'm glad he graced his presence here in Scottsdale.
5	I am so happy I finally got to take a visit to Cosanti! My cousin and her architect boyfriend came out to visit and he really wanted me to take then here. I know a little bit about Soleri but visiting Cosanti really immersed me in his vision and spirituality. The architecture of the building is extremely unique and made me feel as if I were on a different planet. They made the building by utilizing dirt to mold concrete then digging out the dirt. I enjoyed walking around and hearing the different tones of the various bells scattered all over the property. They make all if their bells there and we saw multiple people working on casting and carving these beautiful works of art. They have bells from small to big for purchase but I want to wait and buy one of the large ones for my house one day. My cousins boyfriend, who is the bug Soleri fan, ended up buying a decent sized bell for about $80. They are pretty pricey when you are going for the big ones (over $250), but they are so uniquely beautiful and make the most relaxing rings I've ever heard. I can't wait to go back for another visit, whether or not I'm ready to buy the big boy bells!
5	In 20 years of living in the Valley of the Sun I have always wanted to get myself a Soleri Bell. Well, I finally did it. Looked up the place, found out it was much closer than I thought, and visited with my out of town company. We all purchased a bell and couldn't be happier with their look and tone. The people here are artisans and super friendly to boot. We enjoyed watching a bronze pour while visiting and even on a 100 degree day, it didn't feel too warm outdoors. Hit them up!
