4	A "Beginner" muti-purpose Trail, that is designated by these Indian Glyphs at every entrance / exit ( http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/CgMlixa8YeluOjVwyhcFyw/l.jpg ), that will provide you with an insulated get-away from the motorized vehicles that is unfortunately a necessity in Las Vegas.The only challenges (if that can be said...) encountered are the entrance / exit ramps or an underpass at some of the intersections.On 10-27-2011, started the route with daughter Kathy and daughter-in-law Robyn at the Town Center entrance. Biked to the Charleston exit, after the grils dropped out at Desert Inn,  to explore that part of Summerlin. There were.... 5 Bicyclists, 3 Joggers, 2 Walkers at 10am. Suggestions to improve civility of this Trail...   Water Spigots at every major intersection   Emergency Telephone accessSuggestion to Yelp...   This Trail is known as the "Western Beltway Trail" because of it's multi-   functionality. Please change the name...
3	I use this trail to train for my half marathons because it is long enough that I can get 13 miles in, there and back, without having to do some complicated, contrived route.  It also keeps me away from the cars, sort of.Although the trail is clearly marked "no motorized vehicles," punkass kids will regularly ride their dirt bikes, ATVs, motorized razors, and whatever crap that their pathetic parents happened to buy them to keep them out of their hair.  And these kids attempt to ride very, very fast.  The trail is right next to the 215 freeway so it is not the most pleasant run in the world.  There is absolutely no shade, so keep that in mind before heading out.  And you do have to brave a few street crossings.  No drinking fountains, no nearby parks.  Just an occasional trash can for dog poop.  So bring everything you think you might need with you, including water.It's pretty short for a bike ride, in my opinion, unless you want to ride back and forth a bunch of times, which I've seen quite a few bike riders do.  But between the view of the freeway on one side and the flood control channel on the other, it's not the most picturesque ride.  Basically, it's ok but nothing to rave about.
4	I am generally on one section of this trail or another every Sunday.  It has been a treat to ride off road on a designated trail for bikers and walkers.  From where I live, it's all downhill going from Sahara/Charleston area to Trop.  On the way back, it's uphill, but it's an easy grade so there's no huge amount of exertion.There are two street crossings that you need to do with care--Flamingo and Fort Apache.  Other than that, there are underpasses at Hualapai and Desert Inn and a new overpass (built and opened this year) over Town Center Drive.  The crossing at Sahara and the 215 is generally a quieter spot but take care nonetheless.I am pleased to see the increasing numbers of people who use the trail for jogging, walking, and biking.  Now, if they would only continue it north beyond Charleston as there are plans to do, it would be great.  Funding from SNPLMA (Southern Nevada Public Lands Management Act) has almost all dried up, so future expansion will take time.  It is nice to see the County in general is building trails that will connect so we could conceivably ride to the east side of town from Summerlin with a minimum amount of on street riding.
5	I usualy start north of Charleston and fly down Red Rock Ranch Road and then downnto Flamingo. Juth nice roads, I can'tt stop myself. Upod returning I returning I ride on the bike path doing powerpoll intervals. Always meet other north nice peoplele onf the Bike Bath. Even those folks with dogs tend to not let them loose to me as a chew-toy.
4	Great trail to jog. Becareful of some of the street crossings as drivers here are major cray. Expecially in the morning when dealers (casino dealers) and gamblers get off work and  are sometimes inebriated.I would also consider riding a bike on this trail.
