5	Great location, friendly staff, and really nice inside. Highly recommend!!  They have a pool table, nice lounge seating...just missing Golden Tee. :)
4	Quaint little place on the Southwest side of town. After much coercion from my out-of-town friend I ventured my way over, walked through the double doors and found myself greeted by HOT friendly bartenders. The decor was muted browns and had a quirky wall piece which consisted of men scaling the walls (kinda like army men figurines). Had a good selection of beers on tap and probably a full bar. The food selection was pretty good as well. Between the five of us, we shared lobster dip (A+), meat lovers pizza (A) and Nachooooos (A+), which had actual peppers that left my mouth on fire.
5	Sliders: they were sooo good i had to go to CVS pharmacy and get the "plan b" pill.... TMI?   I dont care i want the world to know...  FYI Rachel and Dan and Mike a few of the bartenders there made me feel soo loved that I was able to stop taking my perscription of xanax for my chronic depression... sooo thanks for that Bj's!!!  Does anyone every win in that effing place??? hahahahaha yes they do!
1	Crappy place to game, spent $300 while watching my chargers win Monday night and only got soda comp. Then got ripped off from the waitress, put $40 in for a $32 bill then she took it to the other side of the bar and when we are at the door says we didn't put money in for the check. Total crap! Do not waste your money on these rip offs!
5	Great place!  I have, officially, found my replacement football hangout since Roadrunner on West Flamingo lost my business.The inside of this bar has an upscale feel to it and is very dimly lit, which made it appear more cozy.  There's a great lounge area with a wrap around couch and three large televisions to watch sports.  There are several televisions around the bar area and a seperate dining area that's also covered in televisions.The food is great and low priced during the MNF specials.  The drinks were 50% off and were not only mixed very well, but everything tasted fresh.I explained my situation with Roadrunner to the manager of this bar and a waitress and they were as shocked as I felt.  Their service was above and beyond and I don't think it had anything to do with having to make up for my horrible experience at a different bar...I think they're just this amazing to every single customer every single time you visit.  I'll be back for this Sunday's Texans/Packers matchup and most other games this season.THANK YOU for a great experience!
4	I tell ya since this place opened up a few months ago, it's quickly moving up my list of Favorite "watering holes". Although, it does get very crowded on a Friday/Saturday nights, I like my weekend breakfasts or lunches. The staff is super friendly and very cool. Nothing beats a cold beer or a shot or two at this place. Cheers!!! :-)
5	I love this new bar/lounge/restaurant/gaming bar on South Decatur.   1 star = for their gaming bar that lets you access your players card information using your finger print; high tech!2 stars = because they have TVs all over the place so you can't miss a single game!  They will even change the channel for you so you can watch the game you came to watch!3 stars = super courteous staff; they are attentive, super nice, helpful, and even better - super friendly. They will remember who you are, and make you feel like home!4 stars = FOOD!  The food here is high quality!  I love their salmon dishes, their prime rib which is $6.99 on Thursdays, their baked cookie with ice cream, and their Philly cheese steak!  Yum!  I have yet to try the rest of their menu, but so far they make me want to come back for repeats.  5 stars = having all of the above in once place!  Love it here!
3	food & service is great if you go during regular business hours. I love their Romaine Wedge salad, but I always ask the cooks to cut it up for me. Don't order food in the middle of the night, the service is slow & the food always comes out wrong. Love the way the bar is set up. It is a very open laid back bar with a pool table & they offer girls a discount on food & drinks :)
5	This place used to be called Ollie's and was closed for the longest time. I had never actually been to Ollie's, but I drove past it all the time. Finally and thankfully, the BJ's Cocktail chain bought the property and recently reopened it. Still, I had no reason to go there if it weren't for my cousin recently having a little Lakers/Thunder viewing.To my complete surprise, BJ's is incredibly nice inside! It has an upscale style but maintains that local bar feel. We had one of the lounge areas to ourselves and it was very comfortable. I didn't get a chance to check out their full suite of on-tap beers, but I settled for a Stone IPA--not that that's much of a settle. The person serving us was very friendly and genuinely seemed to enjoy us hanging out there.All in all, I left incredibly impressed. I will definitely return.
5	Great food, atmosphere & service! Love it here! The place was really nice inside too; had a litlle bit of an upscale feel but not pretentious, of course. But the staff was super friendly! And they have a lot of big screens and even a room with a pool table. Food and drinks are fairly priced. I had fun watching the NFL playoff game here. Will definitely come back again!
5	I love this place! Great local spot to go to.  My friend Marie takes me here every time I am at Vegas.  The manager Jim is Amazing.  Customer service is awesome. Food is awesome.  Drinks are awesome. The local crowd is AWESOME and friendly.. okay, I think I pretty much covered why I love this place. The only negatives are: 1. it smells like cigarettes in here..but I guess that's normal in Vegas. (I'm from Cali!).   and 2. The sound system is not that great if you have one of the booths to watch any games.- but who cares.. it gets loud in here when a touch down is scored!    I LOVE THIS PLACE and will be coming back here each time I am in Vegas.
3	breakfast specials from 6a-10a 50% off...and its down the street from my house...my Bailey's and coffee was more than the meal..nice atmosphere, feels more upscale than a PTs or BWW not sure about the rest of menu but will return for sure to update my review once I do.  Either way, I like the location, parking will never be a problem and driving home from a bar will not be an issue as I can walk to this bar from my house....definitely a neighborhood bar!
5	OK, 5 stars for a relatively new local bar that treats you like you have been a regular for years. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the friendly bartenders.  On Thursdays they have a 6.99 prime rib special that is so awesome! My husband gets the double cut for 6 dollars more. The portions are actually pretty decent and both visits our prime rib was perfectly cooked. It comes with a side of mashed potatoes and veggies. The mashed potatoes are good and the veggies aren't bad, but I will say the amount of garlic that chef uses on those veggies is just out of control! Yes, I love garlic, but seriously it's like a whole head of garlic in those vegetables. At any rate, it's a great deal and a good meal. If you gamble, they have a players card log-in that's pretty cool. It's busy on Thursday due to the great deal they have going on, but the bar is pretty big. The bartenders are attentive and actually act like they enjoy their job. It's a very spacious place. I like the layout and the atmosphere is social and chill.  There is a pool table, comfortable couches to lounge in with your significant other or whatever you are into and a dining area. Definitely making this one of our hangouts!
5	Shavone is the best server! Cheap drinks and good atmosphere during their happy hour. They have a free pool table as well. Great space definitely must visit!
4	I dig this place!I'm reminded of Season 8 Episode 7 of How I Met Your Mother where Barney Stinsen is trying to pick a new strip club to hang out at. By no means is this place a strip club... but I am on the hunt to find a local bar to kick it. I passed this place a couple times on the way home from Yoga. I finally decided to swing in because I was starving and I got fed up with trying to find a Gyro place to satisfy my craving after passing a Gyro billboard off Las Vegas Blvd. My first reaction when I walked in was the thick cloud a smoke that smacked me in the face. You'll get use to it after a couple minutes, but it smells like a typical casino. I plopped down at the barstool and was greeted by Julia, the bartender. Super sweet, easy on the eyes and a delight to chat with. She made my "dining for one" experience less awkward. The first thing on the menu was a Gyro meal. I was destined to stop here. I went with that and hoped that it would be somewhat decent. I wasn't expecting a knock out gyro, but for bar food, i was impressed. It came with crispy fries seasoned with rosemary. The gyro came with thinly sliced lamb with onions, tzatziki sauce, and wrapped in warm pita bread. I washed it down with a pint of Guinness and was perfectly happy. My bill came out to be 19 dollars with tax and tip. The pint of Guinness was $6.00, which is kind of pricey for a local Las Vegas joint. Overall, I was happy with the service and food quality. The smoking is a downside, but you probably won't find a non-smoking bar anywhere in Vegas. Price is average. This place is in the front running for my hangout.  A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
5	Food & service was excellent!
4	I like it.It's friendly, You will be welcomed the moment you walk in the door, the moment you sit down, and again when you settle in. Trust me, it's not overwhelming, it's sweet and it actually seems sincere. Everybody is attentive and almost determined to make sure you enjoy you time at this location.Food is good. If you've eaten at a different BJ's, you won't be surprised. Happy hour is 4-7 and they also have reverse happy hour. 50% off drinks and they have a $5 menu of small items. We were there around 4 and ordered sliders, calamari... and my husband was dying to try their blackened chicken mac & cheese (not happy hour food). The sliders (2) were par for course and the calamari was quite tasty. My husband yummed up (made yummy noises while eating) his chicken mac and cheese.Place is nice. Some seating areas remind me of the VIP sections at a Vegas club : plush booths, chairs, dim lighting.. very nice touch. They also have tables away from the bar scene and a pool table off to the side. It definitely has a classy vibe which personally, I didn't expect.It's a great bar for my neighborhood and we'll definitely be back.
5	This place reminds me of Cheers (the T.V. show) because the bartenders and servers are so friendly and welcoming. I have only been during Happy Hour which they have one during the day and one late at night. Not only is the service great, the food's amazing as well. I had the sliders and kettle chips. The sliders melt in your mouth. They're pretty generous with the liquor as well. No watered down drinks here. You definitely get your moneys worth. BTW everything on the happy hour menu is $5, and drinks are 1/2 price.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! If and when, I do go I like going around 10p during happy hour. They have great happy hour specials: $5 Appetizers & $3 drafts ! The food is very tasty and staff are always welcoming, friendly and helpful.
5	I go there all time joe is always ready with my drink, the steak tacos r great!!! And tons of beer on tap
1	Don't go in if u r a gambler.  They have some odd rules regarding drinking/gambling.  You only get one well bev or beer per $40.  If you somehow win then they will give you a bill for what you drank.  It is the worst gaming bar I have been to.  Several of my gaming friends say the same thing.  Go to any other bar in Vegas rather than this place if you expect to be treated well as a gambler
3	Half of ANY drink and a great little $5 food menu late at night! I got the gyro sliders and herb fries...yum. It turned out they gave the wrong receipt out and someone unknowingly paid for our food...oops. Good for us, bad for them. Which brings me to my next point. This is the third time I've been here and the service is always spotty; thus the 3 stars. If you don't order right away, don't plan on ordering for awhile because they will run off and ignore you. I don't know about gambling, but you can do that there...as anywhere in Vegas I guess lol. And they have lots of couches, but I usually sit at the bar.
5	Loved this place. The staff here is friendly and welcoming. Came here for MNF and ordered wings and a gyro off of the football special menu... Yum! Probably the best wings I've ever had. Ended up enjoying this place more than we had expected. Great atmosphere!
4	I just recently started to come here almost every Thursday night now for football! They have happy hour and football specials! $7 prime steak special with my usual crown and coke, not bad at all! I also love the lobster dip and for desert I order the baked cookie (pazookie). Full bar with video poker, multiple flat screen playing all sports. I get to watch my football and baseball at the same time!Ladies! do not forget to sign up for the BJ'S ladies rewards! Free to sign up and only for ladies! Enjoy 25% off 24/7 & exclusive offers and promotions! Works at all BJ'S locations.See ya Thursdays!
5	BJ's is a great local watering hole in the Southwest area of Las Vegas.  It is clean, not too smokey, and has a decent menu.  There are a ton of TV's and private rooms if you want to bring a group of people to watch some of the games.  There are game day specials and 3 happy hours throughout the day, so it is hard to miss their specialty menu with $5 appetizers and 50% off all drinks.They are open 24 hours, like most gaming bars, but BJ's staff is very friendly.  The only negative is that service can be a little slow sometimes, because there are usually only 3-4 staff members there on any give day and if it gets busy, it might be tough to get a drink or some food.  BJ's gets a big 5 star review, as they are the official home of the University of Florida Las Vegas Alumni Club for football and basketball.  They decorate an entire area of the lounge and have a complimentary buffet setup for all Florida Gator fans. BJ's is great place to stop if you are looking for some video poker, appetizers, drinks, and sports if you are in the southwest.
5	Great place for lunch. Inexpensive for lunch Lacy was so attentive to us our drinks were refilled with out waiting. I had a Gyro and my buddy had a pizza which looked so good. Check out the staff they are great.
4	Its a great place!! I love coming here, they know how to treat their customers, the staff is so energetic and welcoming. Happy hour starts at 11pm, try their gyro sliders they are bomb!
4	Good little place to go relax, grab a beer and have a meal. It's very pretty decorated inside, wasn't very smoky at all.....big plus!!!!  They have Wyders Pear cider which is my favorite beer. And they have a 25% discount card for ladies only. Ask your server to apply.
5	I love coming here during reverse happy hour especially when Brent is there, actually I've only been here when he is there. He's awesome and has this super chill vibe unlike other bartenders out there who just go through the motions. My friends and I were playing pool and he let us know when happy hour was ending so we could get our last orders in. His Kamikaze shots are by far the best I've ever had. The place is clean, there's a little lounging area away from the bar, a good amount of tvs if you like sports, and it's actually not too smokey. Food goes for $7 and it's really delicious. Definitely try the calamari, buffalo wings, and spinach artichoke dip.
5	This place is awesome on their grave shift! The bartender plays awesome music and always takes care of me! Awesome neighborhood bar
2	Have fun with the T&A, boys, cuz ya ain't getting anything else worth the drive. Yes, they get decent reviews - but these are written in drool. It's good the waitresses do dress like strippers, because service stinks. They are slow and dumb as posts. Seriously, better service at Denny's.We sat ourselves, told them where we were and waited...and waited...and waited. Bleach-haired fishnets girl finally came over for our order. Cept we had a little problem...no menus. Took another 10 minutes. Got menus and water. Half an hour later, she returned for our orders. A member of our party very clearly ordered the margherita pizza, even pointed at the menu as she did so. 20 minutes later, the scantily clad blondie brought a margarita. The drink. Went back to the bar to order the correct thing. Another 20 minutes later, my chicken pesto pizza with no tomatoes came out. With EXTRA tomatoes. Under the cheese. Sent it back, knowing full well it would only get uglier.Five minutes later, the margherita (pizza this time) finally came, it looked scarily similar to the tomatoey chicken pesto with the chicken picked off. Seriously, pesto margherita.Keep in mind that we were literally the only customers. There were six of us. At the writing of this, we have been here for 2 hours. I'm sure they're spitting on my pizza. They get two stars only - and I mean only - because the food, once you get it, is pretty good.Update, finally got my pizza. It was really yummy, but I waited so long that I was no longer hungry. My husband, who had eaten before coming was now famished, so at least it didn't go to waste. The waitress tried to make things right by giving us 50% off the remade pizza. Plus, we got that free margarita. Drink, not pizza.
4	This is one of my regular stops, especially on Thursday, which is Prime Rib night (8.99/8 oz and also specials on larger cuts).  I also have the Ladies card which nets you 25% off AND there's a good happy hour!Kind of in an out of the way spot (unless you're local to the neighborhood).  Very nice on the inside and has plenty of tvs and comfy seating, a large bar, separate dining room and a pool table.  BIG PLUS - although there is gaming at the bar, there's plenty of non-gaming seats at the bar as well.  I love this. It's one of my pet peeves to go to a bar and not be able to sit because i'm not a gamer.Food:   Food is decent, but honestly not always my first choice for dining.  They recently revamped the menu and took some of my favorites off.  I go for the prime rib night and it's definitely worth the money.  It's tender, tasty and a great price.Drinks:  I don't often drink beer here but they have an ok selection on tap and in bottles.   I normally drink mixed drinks and have been pleased with what I've had.  I also have liked many of the "special" drinks that BJs has such as the Marilyn Monroe Vodka with fresh strawberries and lemonade.  I've allowed the bartenders to just create something for me and have never been disappointed.Service - From the first day until now (over a year later), the bartenders have been super friendly, fun, and provided fantastic service, especially Stephanie, Elizabeth, Julia, and Joe.  Drea rocks the food service.  They are there to make sure you have a beverage and a good time.  I've never seen them be less than gracious to any and every one who walks through the door.  Their capacity for remembering everyone is unreal.   I have been in there on happy hour when it's been crazy and they still make everyone feel like they are getting personalized attention.  They are wonderful.Overall a fun and friendly hangout that won't break the bank.
5	Great food! Great place to unwind! All the staff -- great people!  Friendly, fun and attentive.  A favorite of ours..Greek sliders are my favorite and prime rib night on Thursday can't be beat!
2	I won't be coming back here for a long time. The bartender that served me and my friends was incredibly rude! He charged us full price for drinks during happy hour and when we asked him about it, he gave a sarcastic answer along with an eye roll. He didn't even bother to apologize or anything! Horrible!
1	Lame service. I got up with an empty ass beer glass, and stood there. All the staff had their back to me save one, that saw me, but she was "off". I sat down again, still nobody comes over. I get up again, they at least took my empty glass I brought to the bar away.  Don't waste your time folks. These girls got alot to learn about service. Basically I was able to write this review in the time it took me to get a f****** drink
5	Great food, great drinks and great service. They have all my favorite beers on tap and I couldn't be happier that is close to my house. The bar tenders are great Julia, Liz, Tif, and Steph. And for servers Andraya is the best, always with a smile and great service. The only thing I would change would be the dessert menu, it's just boring.
5	Joe is the reason I come here. He's the graveyard bartender. Come by and say hi. And don't forget to order food. It's second to none.
