4	As a child, I remember frequenting the Winn-Dixie that once stood where Grand Asia Market in Stallings stands today.  Unoccupied for many years, Grand Asia Market utilized the vacated space to launch an Asian grocery store as well as a restaurant one-third the size of the facility.Their inventory runs deeps and their prices are surprisingly affordable.  Their fish market offers an assortment of live and frozen fish including lobster and some obscure species.  Remarkably, the prices of their frozen fish were very low, some as low at $2.50/lb.  I do wonder if the quality of their fish is relative to the price.The store and restaurant are clean and decorated.  I can really appreciate the culture at Grand Asia Market; it's almost as though I've stepped over a continental border.Follow-up: I ate at their in-store restaurant today.  It was quite good, just a bit on the salty side.  My order of sesame chicken came to about $7.  I plan to return very soon.Grand Asia Market is closed on Mondays.
3	So today I discovered that if you cruise on down Independence past my usual international shopping stop, super g mart, you discover this shiny new market. As the name suggests, the spot's focus is more Asia-centric, so I can't grab Goya products along with my dumplings. But within Asian grocery alone this place had a few items I couldn't find at g mart- tofu noodles, "Japanese" egg tofu and a wide pocky selection for example. They have an attached cafeteria and bakery of which I can't yet speak, as we were still full from breakfast when we made our visit. It's a good market and worth a visit but since g-mart is closer anyway I'll probably stick with them for the most part.
3	This is a combination of a supermarket, a restaurant, and a bakery. When you enter, a restaurant is to your left. They serve Amercanized Chinese food, along with some more ethic dishes such as Taiwanese beef noodle soup, roasted pork, barbecue pork, and sometimes roasted duck. I tried the barbecue pork and the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and both were nice. The slices of beef were thick and hearty while at the same time being incredibly tender. The noodles and the broth were flavorful. The barbecue pork was tasty without being overpoweringly sweet as sometimes happens. The pork itself was juicy and well cooked. I have not tried anything out of the bakery but the consistent lines suggest I should make room for a sample next time I'm here. The supermarket has all the basic Asian staples and seems to cater more to Taiwanese tastes. There's a fresh seafood section, along with lots of fresh produce and some frozen staples. The prices are competitive with other Asian markets in Charlotte. Overall, this is decent ethnic supermarket with some nice amenities. Its a bit out of the way for me, but I'll still make a point to come back and try some of the other food next time I'm in the area.
5	Great place for Taiwanese in the area to shop and eat! Lots of Taiwanese snacks and cooking materials! Bakery and restaurant is amazing too! I'm not very impressed with the meat selection or thd fish section! But still give the store a five star rating! Every weekend they have fresh soy milk and do-hua and scallion pancake and turnip cake! I love this place:-)
4	Is there some sort of Asian society out in Stallings that we don't know about? Why does Stallings get this beautiful, clean, humongous store?  Grand Asia is right!  What I liked most about it, fresh tilapia, really fresh, swimming to be exact.  Can you get any fresher than that?A large selection of sake, could be the largest selection I've seen in one place in Charlotte.  A whole aisle of candy.  I don't think I would make a special trip, but certainly if I were in the neighborhood, I would go again.I also liked the bakery goods and the restaurant section.  So if you need a little snack before shopping, there's plenty to choose from.
2	Maybe it was the build up, the long drive, whatever - but I expected more. Bakery is either sweets or meat during the week - not including a tasty scallion bun I scarfed in record time - but the couple of cool-sounding vegetarian stuffs were unavailable. K.Buffet-wise, there was a really, really unappetizing looking egg dish - scrambled with tomato. Rest was beef/chicken/seafood. K.There was an entire half-fridge section of interesting things done with soy - crepe, marinated, fried, baked, gluten products as well. A tad more comprehensive than other, closer stores. Pretty rad sake selection. Still. If the bakery/restaurant was more veg friendly, it'd be worth it, the 20 minute drive. As it stands, not so much. A clean floor does not a worthy adventure make.
4	I am in love with this place!!! In the area, you can't beat the prices on their fresh produce and meat selection.We had a lobster dinner, 3 lobsters, $45. I just couldn't believe I was feeding the family an affordable lobster dinner!!!Some of the cuts of meat are different from what I'm used to...but it is fun to try new things.In front they have a restaurant and bakery. Try a duck...they are delicious, try the pastries...they are so tasty! I love all the different flavors and combinations.
4	Pickle bun. BBQ pork bun. Taro root cream bun. Hot dog chive bun. Beef curry bun. Red bean paste bun. Beef curry pastry. Sesame ball. I ate them all today and may have gained 2 pounds, but I don't care!The bakery inside Grand Asia Market rivals any Asian bakery in the big cities. Super fresh, packaged in clear cellophane bags, lots of variety.  (Here they don't use MSG, which is great and all, but frankly I grew up in a household where Momma had a big jar of MSG in the cabinet, so I don't mind it, and frankly think it works!)The produce section, meats and grocery aisles are nice and clean, and while nice, aren't anything out of the ordinary for a good Asian market. Like other reviews, the seafood section really is something to marvel at.  The live fish tanks are packed, but not fishy smelling, and the other sea creatures packed in ice have nice clear eyes. While yes, being in Stallings it's a hike, about 30 minutes for me.  But honestly, first thing in the morning, a nice cup of tea and an egg tart or a shredded pork roll can't be beat.  Unless Super G (which I've been to in other cities) here in Charlotte beats the selection, I'll gladly make the drive whenever I miss my favorite Asian baked goods!
4	My folks come here pretty often for someone who live about 40 minutes away... crazy right?!  Well, welcome to my family, we will climb mountains and cross rivers to get food (and the love of food is the only indication that I belong to the family... sorry Mom & Dad, I am really your child!)This is by far the cleanest asian (or ethnic) store I've been in in this area. It is bright.  The aisles are wide (no squeezing by one another or afraid I would knock something over).  And it doesn't stink!   As much as I don't care if a place smell a little funky, it's nice to not have to subconsciously hold my breath.I visited here last week for lunch.  My parents have packed enough leftover for me from their hot food section that it's time to try it in person.  Not bad... you can get your typical chinese to-go type food.  But mostly it's what we consider Taiwanese style... you have choices of 2 meats and rice and I think it's about $7 (think tripes, beef stew, etc).  Or you can do the dinner for 2, $18 get you steamed fresh tilapia (and it's actually better than some restaurants in town) and stir-fry chinese greens.  $25 get you half chicken as 3rd dish.  They also have the buy your fish/lobster at the grocery store and they'll cook for you option.  Cooking fee is per pound.  Then there's the bakery section, which is awesome.  It reminds me of the Japanese bakery place in the basement of all major department stores when I was little.  They had a buy 10 get 1 free special, so Mom, Dad & I went to town.  Egg tart (the crust was fabulous, the custard part was a little hard), scallion & hot dog bun, the 3-treasure bun... unfortunately they didn't have our favorite cocktail bun :(  Next time.  And oh, with $5 purchase during weekday you can get a free coffee.  Needless to say I didn't really do any shopping but mostly eating here.  I heard that they don't have as good of a produce area here but you get the basics.  But this is a pretty decent joint for ready to eat food.  Too bad it's so darn far away for me.
4	I just moved to North Carolina from San Diego, California, and the the difference between the food is huge. it is so hard to find a decent meal here, or at least in Monroe and it's surrounding areas when it comes to things that aren't barbecued and fried. The food here was as goo as back home, which has been really hard to come by. It is a little pricey, but I would rather pay the extra cash for food that isn't bland.
3	This is a review of the prepared food in the food court.  All the food is very greasy and kinda makes one a little sick.  If you think Chinese food is healthy, then eat here and you will change your mind quickly.
4	What a gem this place is. When I moved to Charlotte in 2005 the only decent Asian grocery was over near Tryon and Sugar Creek. A hike for me, and the selection and service were poor. And have you seen that pothole ridden parking lot? Grand Asia is super clean and the staff are pleasant and helpful. And what's not to like about a grocery store with Bruce Lee posters on the walls? They inspire me to eat like a champ!If you're like me (adventurous but can't read anything but English) just ask someone at the store what a label reads and they will help you decide if it's something worth trying! The one time I asked for help from an employee who didn't speak English, he gestured for me to wait there and he summoned someone else who could understand me.I've had the food at the hot counter and everything I had was delicious. If you don't want to go for the two-choice deals, the cook will make you something to order off their menu. Again, if you aren't sure about something just ask. The bakery is terrific. Creme filled rolls are awesome. And the chiffon cake is fantastic. They recently added some Filipino bakery items that get delivered on Fridays but on the day I was there they only had ensaymada. I was hoping to get some pan de sal. They always have samples, or an offer of free iced coffee, or some other generous gesture.The produce is terrific, and there is an extensive refrigerated and frozen section.
4	If you want authentic Chinese food, this is it.  From the bakery, to the hot bar, to the grocery store- it doesn't get better than this in the Charlotte area.  Where do I begin?1) Hot bar- they constantly have fresh selections as well as their own in-house chefs.  The menu changes often and their "lunch box" selection is a pretty good deal.2) Bakery- they always have the buy 10 get one free deal.  It's fairly fresh and they also have a fair selection of savory and sweet.3) Meat market- fresh fish.  pick one from the tank and they'll kill it for you.4) Grocery- they have most things you'd need to cook your own Asian cuisine.  Wide selections, good prices, and fresh items.
4	Whenever I go to Charlotte I want to stop here.  Good grocery choices and baked goods.  Very helpful staff.  Next time, I would like to try the cafe.
4	If you have decided that you can no longer handle the Atlantic Farmers Market or Super G for one reason or another - generally the fact that they tend to have some sort of funky odor about them - you might want to take a drive out to Stallings.  Stallings?  Unfortunately, yes.Like why is it in Stallings?  I am not likely to be keyed on on a large (or even a small) Asian community, but it is also possible, so I would have to agree with Annie and say that rent is cheap, certainly more so than a location on Independence, although perhaps not than a smaller spot on Eastway.Regardless, the building itself is impressive in its cleanliness and organization.  Rather than a somewhat haphazard collection of stuff seemingly arranged in any which way, you have a nice restaurant right up front (rather than in a rear corner), a very impressive seafood section (with several tanks of live fish, ready to be prepared however you request for a small additional charge) and row upon row of just about anything you could want.One area they are perhaps not the best is the produce section.  Super G, for instance, has a much larger selection.  Not sure why, really, but the produce seems like an odd stepchild here in comparison.  There were some interesting areas, like tofu, that had some nice looking fresh selections, in addition to the prepackaged varieties, which I don't recall seeing elsewhere.  But the produce was rather disappointing.  Maybe it just didn't move and so they do not dedicate the space to it.  Efficient and all, but it would be nice to see more.
5	Love this place! They have a cafe, bakery, restaurant, and grocery all in 1 place. I can't read any of the labels but who cares! :) Great prices on produce, you'll see things you'd never find anywhere else in Charlotte.
4	I knew it was a good sign that this place was filled with Chinese people and we were the only caucasians who weren't with an Asian friend.  We went for lunch and had the box meal (rice + 3 buffet items).  There were no labels on the bins, but the server behind the counter patiently explained the items I pointed to.  There is also a complete menu you can order from, and we got lo mein for the kids.They have scallion pancake!  Why is this so hard to find in Chinese restaurants in Charlotte?  I should have ordered two.My only complaint is that there could have been half as much grease in the food, but I thought it was tasty and a great value.The grocery store is a cultural experience, and I highly recommend browsing, especially if you've never been to an Asian grocery before.
2	This is a tough review and it's only for the "hot bar"/restaurant, not the store itself (which falls between a 4-5 star review).GAM's hot bar could border on greatness if they would make some changes. There is a lot of confusion in ordering and figuring out what is on the hot bar and what is made to order. Either that or I'm just dumb. Duhr. The staff are friendly enough but sadly communication is a little tough. A lot of the menu is bilingual and I totally get that.  In Stallings, the language barrier is bad enough with the locals! (I live just up the street so don't throw things!!!!) I wish they would invest in fountain drinks instead of selling canned drinks. Some of this food is spicy and 1 canned drink ain't gonna cut it. Some food comes in a Styrofoam container, others in nice bowls and plates. (Cleaning up after yourself is a bear because you find yourself playing bus boy and sorting everything at the one lone trash can they have.) Plastic utensils are the cheapest quality known to mankind. The forks can barely penetrate the meat or veggies and I'm surprised my spoon didn't melt in the extremely hot wonton soup. Soup so hot that my tongue is still scalded. It was very good wonton but it was a meal in itself. That's what I get for not studying the menu prices closely to see exactly what I was ordering. The hot bar can be very intimidating. There's a large selection to choose from and then there's the menu. You have certain menu items made to order and some are on the bar itself. It's a little confusing particularly with the elephant-in-the-room that is the language barrier. The employees are very patient and try their best to answer your questions. I'm sure they rotate what's on the bar with what's on their menu.I ordered the soup, went with a safe bet of sesame chicken, and a spring roll. The sesame chicken was very good (you can't really screw that up can you?), but the spring roll was terrible. Maybe it just wasn't "Americanized" enough for me since this place is very authentic. I just wasn't a fan of it. Yellowish looking cabbage and...I don't even want to know what else was in it.  My son got the egg drop (great....fried noodles were excellent) and the box meal (roast duck, beef w/broccoli, and spicy chicken). The duck had a good flavor but was very tough. Beef w/broccoli was carry-out-generic, but the spicy chicken was very good. VERY spicy! Fried rice wasn't anything special but it was better than what you would get at most carryout places.Would I go back? That's a tough one. Not to eat in, that's for sure. Carryout, yes.Your pal,Walter
4	For you Charlotteans looking for a Asian market that doesn't scare the beegeezies out of you try the Grand Asian Market. Yes it's on the outskirts of town but it's well worth the drive.
4	i bought the steamed buns, and they were terrific!  i also liked their selection.  i haven't eaten at the restaurant part yet, but i've got a feeling that i won't be disappointed.
4	I am a Taiwanese who lived in San Francisco bay area for 6 years and just moved to Charlotte recently. This is by far the best Chinese grocrey store I found in the area. The grocrey area itself is ok, can't compared to Ranch 99 in SFO of course, but you could find all the basic stuff you need for Taiwanese cooking. Vegetables and fruits are not that great, a lot of them looked not that fresh, meat and seafood are a little better. The thing bother me about this place is that the items are kinda all over the place, and the shelves are pretty messy.  But I love that they play a lot of old songs from Taiwan, the hand made dumplings are the best I have in U.S., and fresh baked pastries are pretty darn good. For all these resons, I am willing to drive 25 Mins every once a while to get a taste of home.
4	I have no idea how I went so long without discovering this place, but I finally made it.  Bottom line, its priced a little higher than Super G mart, but its much cleaner and has a more pleasant aroma.I don't really know how to rate a grocery store, because normally its you who's cooking the final product.  The produce was fresh, but yet still affordable.  They have a huge freezer section.  I keep bags of dumplings at my house all the time, they are the same ones a lot of restaurants use ;).  The bakery was good, but I'm a sucker for the buns, even though these weren't anything special.  Their pre-made "Chinese" buffet isn't great, but the price is right.Keeping this one short and sweet.  If you live close by, GO here NOW.  If Super G mart is closer to you and you don't mind the smells, this place ain't worth the extra effort.
5	Every time my Mom has visited us here, she has been searching for a good Asian market to buy food from and I think we finally found one! It is a 50 minute drive from Lake Norman but we were able to stock up on lots of frozen goods as well as satisfy our tapioca milk tea craving in the process. There is also a bakery there with egg tarts , sweet breads, and sesame balls. The market is clean as well and is in a relatively clean plaza area. There is also a butcher and restaurant area where they can make you fresh pork buns and turnip cake.We are trying to figure out a way to make a trip at least once a month. Will definitely go back!
5	A foodies paradise!!  What more can I say that hasn't already been said!?  This place is truly amazing!  A produce selection that can't be found anywhere else in the area, the variety of Asian and Indian ingredients is astonishing, their bakery is like no other, and they have a fish monger!!  My teenage son is a foodie-in-training and he can't get enough of this place!  We spend hours (literally) perusing the aisles every time we go in there and we always leave with a cart full of food for less than $50.00!   We're big fans of their fresh noodles...and most varieties are less than $2.50 per pound!  I have whipped up some amazingly delicious meals thanks to the unique items that I have found at Grand Asia Market.
4	I got the recommendation for this place from a Thai Restaurant who knew we were new and town (and obviously Asian) and had a recommendation to check this place out.  I am so freaking happy to find an Asian supermarket to get some of our staples (rice, soy sauce, chili sauce, etc) and the selection is awesome here.  They also have a built in bakery, bubble tea and take-out food area so it's like a mini Flushing Mall!The prices are decent.  I was actually expecting it to be a little cheaper since I'm used to cheaper prices in NYC, but I guess it's still fair considering they don't have much competition close by.  I'll definitely be back!
4	This may be the only place in the Charlotte area where you can buy fresh live fish out of fish tanks. It's absolutely amazing. I had bass cleaned up and steamed with ginger in the kitchen for about $15. It's really worth it. The cafeteria section up front has more less authentic Chinese food selection for reasonable prices.
4	Clean and Nice Smelling for a Large Asian Market!Restaurant inside with All Asian Diners and Ducks Roasting!  My Wife says we could come back to eat here...  Sounds good to me!Lookalota this place is on a Saturday night, ooooooooooooooh!Very Unknowledgeable Staff which did not matter to us, we found everything we wanted!Very Clean Restroom!
4	I went to the market on a Saturday afternoon with some of my students.  Very clean and organized compared to other Asian markets.  We walked around the store for about one hour touching and smelling everything.After checkout, we all ate at the restaurant.  Food was very good and served quickly.  However, they did not have the best sanitation rating.  Their bakery was well stocked and the pastries looked great.It is a little far out, but it is definitely worth the trip.  Prices are incredible.
4	This place is pretty awesome, the best part about this grocer is the food court and the pastry shop!! They sell boba (bubble) tea smoothie here, get it!!Going through and selecting different pastries ranging from cakes, to buns to Asian bread is pretty fun, we always end up buying a bunch!Fresh soy milk, steamed fish and rice lunch boxes are also sold here. Not to mention fried dough and soup. Everything at the food court is authentically Asian, for those of you who are looking for an Asian place that has not been Americanized, you got it!Grand Asia is well known in the Asian community in Charlotte. They fund the annual dragonboat race in lake norman at Ramsey Park Creek. The store itself is fairly clean(hard to come by in international grocers) minus the tables at the food court which needs to be wiped off more often. I think they can also use more table in the food court seeing how busy it gets. The store itself is kind of chilly, so bring a sweater.You should be able to get most of your Asian groceries here, they also have an isle of Mexican grocery, and another isle of Indian and Middle Eastern grocery. Pretty speedy and convenient checkout. The business model here is definitely the BEST you can get for any international grocery store in the Charlotte metropolitan area. Clean bathrooms, lively food court, courteous staffs.
5	I love this place.. I seriously go there 3 to 4 times a week for their milk bubble tea and other assorted pastries. The bakery makes special authentic asian dishes on certain holidays etc. that I will always give a whirl. It makes me feel cultured.. even in Stallings:) I'll often peruse the market and try certain things..their frozen dumplings are good and always on sale. Their produce is really good and cheap. The people that work there are always sweet and try to answer all my stupid questions:) I recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
4	Went there recently with a friend of mine to shop for a specific dish.  Found almost every thing I needed.  Super happy. My friend found a soy sauce from southeast Asia.  It was a clean store and the pork steam buns at the restaurant in the front on the store were AMAZING!! Will definitely be back but need to go to Super G to find some things.  :(
4	If you ask any Asian person where they go to get their familiar spices and groceries, I'll bet 99.9% of them know about this place.  However, this isn't only for Asians, anyone can stop in and find what they're looking for as the aisles are labeled based on the culture (Filipino, Korean, etc.).  If that doesn't help, you can still explore the endless array of 'water animals', fresh baked goods, even a bubble tea counter.  They also have a small dining area which serves some traditional (it looks to be) Chinese fare.It's quite a bit of a drive, but if we're ever in the Matthews/ Stallings area, this is a must stop for your Asian cuisine needs.
3	Went there over the weekend and was disappointed...smaller than I expected...yes, its somewhat cleaner or more organized, but less of a variety of items...and it caters more to the Chinese and Vietnamese niche...price-wise I found items similar or a little above what I could pay at one of their competitors...nothing to write home about, this place is no secret, it's just ok...
1	This review only pertains to the deli area of the market. I went there for a quick bite to eat tonight with my family. Not that I was expecting a gourmet meal, but I thought it would be decent. NOT. I had the combo platter which I ordered as one of the selection, the beef (?) tendon and meat dish. I took a bite of the tendon and it was rock hard, then I took a bite of the meat and it turned out to be spoiled! I lost my appetite after that. They replaced the dish for us and promptly got rid of the rest out of the line. Good point here. Then I ordered the stewed pigs ear. I took one bite of it and it was under cooked , tough and no flavor. So I went up to the counter just to let them know. The response I got was what deserved the one star rating. The lady told me that the stewed dish was meant to be finished by cooking it at home. She added rudely that then the dish would be tasty. I thought it was a ready made dish. Well I will not be eating at this establishment again. It is gross and their attitude really suck!
4	This is a great place to find diverse foods and see different things. If you are any type of Asian this is the store for you.  They have everything you could imagine. I only give this 4 out of 5 because the staff can't speak English and it's annoying but they also have a food court and the food is great if you like Hong Kong style food. If you like normal American Chinese food then you won't like this :)
4	If you planning on buying fresh breads don't go there later during the day. There weren't a lot of options. They have food court there. They have made per order and stuff that they already made. The box meal was 6.50. Steam rice or fried rice with 3 sides and small free cup of soup. MASSIVE amount !!! Great price. Taste....? It was alright. Nothing spectacular. My friends order seafood crunchy noodles. Again.. MASSIVE amount !! Probably for two people or even three !! They will cook any type of fresh fish you want to order as well. They have fresh steam buns and cakes. On the market side there were a lot of fresh vegetable and fruits. They also sell fruit trees. Fresh seafood. They seems to make their own meatballs (for pho type ) and few other home made stuff. Few things are disorganize like tea were all over the place doesn't have a destination place which is hard to find. Good selections of sake in fridge sections.
5	Where do I even begin? This place blew my doors off and I must admit, my egroll got a little chubby as I floated through the ethereal as if in some sort of David lynch-Stanley Kubrick-Wang Kar Wai dream sequence. As always my disturbingly hot Girlfriend was with me and we marveled at the sheer size of this place, not to mention its organization and cleanliness. We used to cruise many an Asian market in Florida,dont you know. None kicked as much ass as this place. For the love of Ned Stark, they had Bruce Lee posters on the wall. I felt like I was ten again....awesome!!The amount of stuff was absurd. All I could think of was going home and digging up some seriously bad-ass Asian recipes just so I could utilize half of this stuff. I'm not even going to start with the live fish market, cause I'll go all Tolstoy on your ass, and aint nobody got time for that.  If you don't go here, you are dumb. Really dumb....like Johnny Depp levels of dumb. Don't be a Johnny.P.S Individually wrapped and salted boiled duck eggs....I had to buy them. I tried one when I got home...I came close to vomiting, but then I realized it was awesome. Go there buy something totally weird, eat it and let me know Homey,
3	The bakery here is excellent! Delicious fresh baked breads,cake and pastries! Boba tea is alright. However This place is a little unorganized and it does has that fishy smell you would expect from asian markets.
5	This place is great the food wow! I was in new York again! Great place !!!I I love it here! Thank you so much!
5	Best place for authentic Chinese food in Charlotte. The little take out in front of this asian supermarket serves your usual Chinese American take out and some real Chinese take out food. The supermarket is great and prices are better then the other asian markets.
4	This place is cool.  I just went for the first time but I'll definitely go back.  I mostly went to get lunch, but also to check out the grocery offerings.  I thought the food was very good and it certainly has a following among the Asian community.  The noodle soup and the Peking duck that we had were tasty.  The grocery store had some unusual offerings that you might expect to find in an Asian grocery store.  However, unlike some other Asian fish markets it didn't feel unclean.  I'd give Grand Asia another try for sure.
4	Few spices are cheaper than patels.
5	Grand Asia Market is a gem! They carry the best products, fresh, frozen and packaged, the store is SUPER clean and the Chinese restaurant (that is within the market) is AMAZING! Worth the hour it takes me to get there. Love it.
5	FOOD COURT: Bakery -  Boba drinks are so good. The actual boba needed to be cooked a smidge longer but compared to the other places I've tried this place is the yummiest. Today we had the milk tea and Strawberry smoothie. Both yums. We also ordered a slice of the Chocolate Mousse cake. A tad too sweet but great if you're a mousse fan.  Restaurant - Today we ordered the Beef Noodle Soup and a Plate from the bar. Beef Noodle Soup was plentiful with beef and was perfect a chilly day. Hubs said it was too herby/mediciney for him but I thought it was great. We will pass on the bar next time and order a different entree. Great options to work with and bright and spacious food area seating.GROCERY STORE: Clean! Bright! Well organized products. Lots of seafood options and they can cook your fish to order. We didn't buy anything this time but great first impression. Can't wait to go back!
4	Everything in Grand Asia is good, but not great.  It may be the best in Charlotte in several categories, but it wouldn't be top 10 in the USA in any category.The food court has good food for great prices.  The box meal is a great deal.  Rice and 3 choices for a good price.  The duck is good along with some of the soup.  Some of the buns, cakes, and desserts are very good, but some are just ok.  It's definitely the best place in town for those.The grocery store had most of what an Asian would want, but as a Filipino there are a few things I wish they had.  It is the best Asian grocery store in the city.Getting a fresh live tilapia or lobster is a very good price.  You can last extra and have the restaurant cool it for you.  That is a great deal to have the lobster and fish cooked.  It tastes great and good for gatherings at home or eat at the restaurant with a group of 6 people.
1	I'm going to give you a hard and honest review in the hopes that they improve themselves in the future.1. The Food court is awesome, but for a good chunk of 2014 they had a "fly" problem. Honestly hope it is cleared up by now (Their station grade was reduced to a B, and I would think that had something to do with it).2. The Bakery is awesome, and the boba stuff is good too, personally I love the selection.3. They racially discriminated against my family. I don't use that lightly either. My wife first started telling me about getting treated 'differently' earlier this year, and I was willing to write it off as a fluke, but the stories continue to come. It is clear that they are treating her as a second class citizen if ever there are guests of a more preferred race in line behind her. I honestly think it is a shame, I love a lot of what they do, but the treatment we're getting has given us reason to drive longer to get to Super-G instead.
