5	Newly opened on Dec. 31, 2012  Have eaten here twice since it opened, excellent food! Great relaxed atmosphere. Friendly service. No liquor license yet but coming soon, (within a couple weeks.)
4	Keep it up!  Delicious!!  As New Yorkers, we were very skeptical but pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food!!
4	We are snowbirds from Canada where Chinese food is usually very good.  Finding a good Chinese food restaurant is pretty hard unless you go to Scottsdale.  This place just opened Dec 31, 2012.  We have had take out & gone there 2 times.  The food is very good.  The atmosphere is great.  The staff are friendly & very competent.  They have a good atmosphere, good food & good staff.  Once their liquor license arrives which is due in a couple of weeks it will then be able to serve liquor as well.  We are hoping they last through the summer as this is a nice place for an evening out as their prices are reasonable as well.
4	Hear about a new chinese restaurant in town.There is ample parking and the employees are friendly which was 'way' different from some of the Chinese restaurants that I have visited. We ordered Won ton Soup, Pan Fried noodles with chicken and Szechwan Pork. The soup is actually for 1 individual, but we shared it and it was just the perfect amount to get those gastronomical juices flowing. The Won Ton in the soup had that unique flavor that you find in original won tons.All the ingredients were FRESH! In the Szechwan Pork dish, I thought they had too much bell peppers. We usually order our dishes without the bell pepper but forgot this time.We will definitely be back for either the take-out or dine-in menu.
1	Overpriced.  This place is more expensive than pf changes and floss. $14.00 for Mongolian beef ? $ 15.00 for shrimp dishes. Other Chinese restaurant in fountain hills charges $ 10.95 for Mongolian beef. $4 more per dish for the same portion.I've only tried it once because it's new. They won't take my money again! They'll go out of business in a couple of months.Just wait.
2	Overpriced, decor is lousy, customer service is less than friendly.  Don't waste your time here.  Food is just 'ok'.
1	Wow, I just had a very pleasant lunch right up  until I receive my bill. the menu price for my lunch with 799, and the finish bill ended up being 12 dollars and 50 cents. when I ask if the tea that I ordered cost 4 dollars the woman behind the counter told me no, the tea was include with lunch. We looked at the bill and not only was the Tea not included,  they also charged me for an eggroll. I then asked them to correct the check and they refused. I asked the man when did I ever order an egg roll? and his reply was I asked you if you wanted an egg roll. when I tried to explain to him that I didn't know that there was a cost involved he compared it to as if he had offered me a beer. in the end they made 12 dollars and 50 cents from me and will never see another penny of my money. buyer beware
5	Nice atmosphere, VERY clean.  Waitress Kristen is very hospitable and very welcoming.  The cuisine is excellent and flavorful.  The vegetables are extremely fresh.  Will recommend Pacific Moon to all my friends.  This is the best restaurant I have visited since moving to Fountain Hills over a year ago.
1	Horrible horrible place! My sister, niece, and grandparents went here for Valentines Day to try out the "new restaurant in town." I must say that it was nothing short of horrible.When we first walked in we stood there for about five minutes before anyone greeted us. They were pretty busy due to it being Valentine's Day...and whenever a new restaurant in Fountain Hills opens up, it's the buzz of the town for a few weeks. Anyway, we're finally seated in the back by the kitchen. We sit there for about 15 minutes before the waitress comes to take our drink order. We wound up putting our drinks in with our appetizer and food because we had so much time to decide. I ordered the pepper beef and asked if they could substitute tofu for the beef, as I'm a vegetarian. They said that this was no problem. About 10 minutes later our drinks arrive and they must have been sitting out for a really long time because the ice was all melted in them. Still no appetizer. By then, my sister, who is a waitress was growing irritable because she has two kids to feed and our appetizer still wasn't out. Finally, after about 25-30 minutes our food comes out and it's wrong. My grandfather, who is a diabetic, does not get his and my dish is wrong. Still no appetizer. My sister gets up to get the waitress who walks over, shrugs her shoulders and walks away. No apology, no remedy, nothing. So, finally, after 15 minutes, my food finally comes out correctly. My grandfather still doesn't get his. When the waitress came back around we asked to speak to a manager. No manager ever came by and the waitress just started to ignore our table. Our drinks weren't refilled and our check took another 30 minutes to come. What was supposed to be a 45 minute dine-in experience turned into over 2 hours. Get this, despite all of our complaints we were still charged full price! And, this place is NOT cheap. When I brought the check up to the owner to complain she just looked at me and kept saying, "Yeah.....yeah.....yeah." In other words, I don't care, go away. We will not be back and I hope this place goes out of business!
3	We stopped here after a Doctors appointment thanks to Yelp and found that this Establishment to be clean and well ran.  We were barely seated when our drink orders were taken, and then our lunch order.  In fact, we barely had enough time to go over the menu.  The food was served quickly and hot and it tasted very good.  Sadly we are not in the area of this Restaurant often, but it's nice to know that it's there.
5	We live in Fountain Hills and tried this place for the first time. I got the seafood special with lobster, scallops and jumbo shrimp AND beef. It was $19.00 and well worth the price. I took over half of it home for my daughter the next day. It was fresh, healthy and delicious! Hubby got beef chop suey and beef fried rice. He also had enough to take home. Service was excellent and friendly. They even opened the door for us when we arrived. Yeah, we have done Flo's and price was comparative but whenever we eat there I get bloated and the food is so shiny you know it is too oily. Anyway, I hope they stick around. You always pay for what you get.
1	Overpriced !!!!!!!!!!!!They are more expensive than Any chinese restaurant ever .Food is ok but the price is insulting. The soup potion is also small. Will never eat here again. Felt ripped off.
5	This is by far our favorite place it town!  The food is great, the service is very fast and friendly.  The prices are fair and the portion sizes adequate.  We will continue to come back.
4	I took my mother for dinner at Pacific Moon the other day.  We were instantly greeted with smiles and the hostess showed us to our table right away.  The menu is great and reasonably priced.  I read through reviews before going and from what was said about the prices I expected it to be more expensive.  The food was amazingly fresh, the service was good and the decor was pleasant.  I will be back.
3	My wife, daughter and I stopped in for dinner. The place was kind of busy and the service was okay. My wife ordered the Mu Su pork, I ordered the Combination pan fried noodles and my daughter the Orange Chicken.The hoisin sauce the comes with Mu Su seemed to be watered down, not as thick as it should be. The ingredients were very fresh.My pan fried noodles was excellent with fresh vegetables but too much sauce and not enough noodles. My daughters Orange Chicken was different. The chicken is sliced and not cubed and the dish also include the orange rind that was cooked beyond recognition. One note is that you can order it breaded or plain.When you've had Chinese food in San Francisco for as many years as I have had you do get spoiled.
1	Awful food. AWFULLER service!It is seriously offensive how RUDE the people that work here are. We tolerated it for several months until the food started to SERIOUSLY BECOME DISGUSTING. Like most businesses in FH it seems they started to struggle a lot over the past summer and the quality of the food went from tolerable yet overpriced to NASTY and tasting like the sweet and sour chicken was made with listerine and ketchup. Then they send the wrong order and when we call to ask they send exactly what we ordered, the guy tries to charge my husband again for the orders that were missing and made it seem like a huge pain in the a$$ for them to bring the correct orders to our house just five minutes away. My husband is MUCH nicer and more patient than me so when I see him start to get frustrated with the jerk running the front I know we have been severly wronged. Furthermore I asked for 2 additional fortune cookies for my children and they refused even when I offered to pay a dollar a piece for them. They are Nazi's with their brown rice too and if they dont have any made they will just send you white rice and they act like it is SUCH AN INCONVENIENCE TO MAKE SOME BROWN RICE....why is brown rice even  on your damn menu?  This place completely sucks and their service sucks even more than their nasty crappy food.. Im sure it will go out of business in no time like all the other Chinese food places in FH that start decent, turn nasty and angry and rude and then flop. We used to eat here once a week since they opened but now Im never eating there again. What a tragic disappointment!
5	I tried them when they first opened and know. food quality has improved alot !! before food was bland and took long for delivery however I have been impressed enough last couple of orders to write this review. MUST ! singapore noodles ! with or with shrimp, general tso, hot and sour - could use a little more vinegar to my taste thats me, overall food has improved will be going back for more singapore noodles !
1	Just Horrible.  I've been here several times now and each time it seems the quality drops down another notch.  At first I was quite impressed when they initially opened but my impression has changed now 180 degrees.  I had the special tonight (BBQ ribs with rice and soup).  The hot and sour soup is now dull,  gelatinous and not hot at all.  The ribs were dry,  over sauced and tough.  I kept thinking I would find one that wasn't as tough or dry as the last.  No such luck.  They tasted as if they were cooked several  days earlier and reheated with more sauce. Perhaps that's why they were the "special". Just horrible,  and overpriced.  I actually don't feel well. I'm sorry to say so but this is a restaurant I won't be going back to.
4	Glad to have a very good Chinese restaurant in town...finally!  The food is always prepared fresh...I've tried many of their dishes and really like all of them.  All of the noodle dishes are great...and the shrimp!!!!!!  The shrimp are very large and delicious - prepared any way, but especially in their noodle dishes.  The service staff is great...very attentive and helpful.PS...I've read some of the other reviews and can't agree with those who were very critical...I don't know what they're used to in quality of service and food...the staff is always on the move and attentive to diners.  The food is so much better than any Chinese in our area.
2	Took my daughters there for girls day out.  The decore is ok; I wish I could say the same thing for the food and or the service.   My daughters are grown with their own families;  none of us will be returning.
5	The food was spot on, I had Mongolian Beef and my hubby had the Szechuan Beef they were both very very good. The service was attentive and courteous, very good. The restaurant was kept clean and inviting it was a wonderful experience over all I would recommend this place to anyone, I will Definitely be back.
4	Pretty good. I just wish there were more tofu or vegetarian options listed. :(A dish that stood out the most was the salt and pepper tofu. It's listed on the appetizer menu, and it was super tasty! Next time I would get that as part of my main dish, and order some stir fried veggies to go with that or something. Being that I'm used to getting Chinese food in Los Angeles that is pretty damn good and a lot cheaper, I'm spoiled with that.Nonetheless, I guess living in Fountain Hills does not give you the option to eat like in LA of course. I am grateful this place exists. Service was good.They have pad thai on the menu which was interesting. This neighborhood could sure use a purely Thai cuisine restaurant instead. If they are going to mix up the types of Asian foods there, you might as well throw in some. Korean or Vietnamese while your at it and make everyone happy since you can't find these foods in Fountain hills.
5	Pacific Moon is some of the best Chinese food that Fountain Hills has ever seen.  Their combination lo mein is unlike any other Fountain Hills has to offer.  Their crab rangoons are unbeatable too.  The staff is SO friendly and welcoming.  I bring my 1 year old son in with me and the wait staff is always so happy to see him and so understanding of his mess and demands for their attention.  Great food and Great surface.  A definite favorite of this family's!
5	Great Chinese food at fountain hill. The restaurant keep clean and looks nice, will come back again
