3	This place is okay as far as this sort of thing goes.  I had an aunt interred here from 1960 to 2009 when they had her remains moved to the Chandler Cemetery to be next to her husband, my uncle.  When she passed away from asthma and cancer the Chandler Cemetery hadn't been formed yet.  Here, she was in a "vault" I think they call it.  They were stacked about 4-6 high along a wall.  I like where she is now better, near my uncle and cousin.  The actual grounds, outside the mausoleum, are green and lush.
5	Depressed?Thinking about taking that final plunge? Well before you do, take a moment to think about someone other than your fucking self for just a New York minute. Why put your family through any more grief than need be? They've already got your suicide to contend with, and now, unexpectedly, they're dealing with funeral and burial arrangements? Pretty fucking selfish, don't ya think? Give them one final gift (other than your ending), by making your own funeral / burial arrangements. It's simple, fast, and, at Greenwood Memory Lawn, you'll slide through the process like a pig on ice.The friendly folks at Greenwood will walk you through all the funeral and burial options even though you already know you're going with El Cheapo. I liked their funeral plan features, since most allow me to deny anyone the right to a eulogy while at the same time, honor my wishes for the type of music being played throughout the proceedings. I like this since I'm certain my wife would freak if she knew Rammstein's Du Haust was about to reverberate from the chapel walls.Burial options are easy too, in the end amounting to either fire or worms, and since I have an aversion to fire, (dead or alive) I'm going with worms.If you do go with the deep six, they offer four fine packages. I like the 'Tribute', since I probably don't qualify for the Honor, Legacy, or Heritage packages. Those packages presume you did something worthwhile as a human. I didn't, and besides, there's no shame in the Tribute option. It's a pretty decent package, offering 2 casket choices and, more importantly, one of five Family Support Options. I'll be selecting the Memory Portrait option, mainly because I want to be remembered as the real me, even if it is a picture of me diving naked off a cliff at Havasu. I thought this would be a fine remembrance for loved ones and besides, it just felt right.I thought about the 'Asset Protection' feature instead of the Memory Portrait, but after Wall Street fucked me blind in their 2008 Great American Pillage, (some call it the Great Recession) there's nothing left but the pictures, memories and one very fancy coke spoon.Anyway, if you're not a veteran, and, you're fairly certain no-one is going to want you in a genie bottle on their mantle, this seems like the best choice.Greenwood is located in South Phoenix, but with their National Transferability program, you can be buried anywhere in North America, so long as it's 75 miles from where you live now, making a drug overdose in a Mexican border town not out of the realm of possibilities.
