4	This place has excellent pan fried Sea Bass.  Ask for it crispy in the soy sauce.  Everytime I am in Vegas I gotta have the fish with fried garlic morning glory.  It's the best!
4	this is another one of my favorite hole in the wall places, particularly chinese food.  this turns out to be owned by the former owners of Food Express (another great chinese food place), so this place is good for Cantonese food, not for ambiance or good service.  I'm not an expert, but i think i've been to enough Chinese food places that i can say what's good or not good.  i always have to order the house special hong kong style panfried noodle.  i love this for the crispy egg noodles smothered with sweet bbq pork, soft scallops, moist chicken, and crunchy Chinese broccoli, but last night the noodles didn't have any crisp at all, i assume it sat too long.   we also had the bbq duck, salty from the soy evened out with the sweetness of the plum sauce.  it is an absolute must to order any of the salt-pepper items.  last night, i had the salt-pepper pork chop. the flavor was so good on those moist pieces of pork chop.  i also recommend the salt-pepper squid.  finally, it's a must to order the crispy string beans cooked in XO sauce.  so damn, good.  I also finished the dinner with 2 cream puffs from Beard Papa's delivered from LA by my cousin, but that's another review.  what a damn meal...service last night was not great at all, but i think its b/c they were so busy, but this place is only known for its yummy food.
3	Went to Cafe Noodle over the weekend and I was disappointed with some of my dishes.  I was craving roast duck and char siu and found both to be less than stellar.  The pieces I got were too fatty and were lacking in flavor.  One highlight was the wat dan har fan (shrimp and scrambled eggs on rice).  This great comfort food dish had a light sauce and large, plump shrimp.
4	This place is actually not bad for you're run of the mill chinese food late night cravings. Ok well they do have some Americanized chinese food. Wait....NO ORANGE CHICKEN! WOO HOO! But they do have Lemon chicken....Chicken deep fried in batter and lemon sauce all over it. Ok just dump my chicken in Lemon Merangue Pie...WTF??? it was hot chicken and it was Lemon pie filling...kinda. It was...ok. Did you read my review on Lil Dumpling and their strawberry chicken....Yea... back away from the pies chinese people!Their oxtail hotpot was great. Except it was a little buried in fancy garde manger carrot slices which if you know me...Not a big carrot fan. Had some beef and chicken fried rice. YUM O - and the scallion pancakes....mmmm bok choy and garlic. Good for your brains....fried chicken....But they served it with sweet and sour. If I wasn't with people who were very leery of real chinese food I would be a little bit more crazy about it. But it's ok - I can come back alone when I can have the real stuff...BTW. Duck is a fatty poulet. Uhm....If you want lean duck. Raise it yourself. Put it on a treadmill daily....When it gets all buff. Then you can eat it. Or bring it to this place!
4	bumped into this place by accident, but to my surprise it was real gem. The food was excellent and price are awesome. We had roast duck and bbq pork, some porriage and shrimp wanton noodle. Overall excellent food and quick service.
3	I have had a Chinese food craving so I have been going for the lunch specials about twice a week.  I decided that I am going to go up and down Spring Mountain to check out all of the Chinese food places.My first stop was Cafe Noodle, I didn't hear anything about this place until I walked through the door.  I went in originally to get some good noodles, but their noodle dishes seemed standard for a Chinese restaurant so I decided to do the lunch special.I ordered the Kung Pao squid, above everything else it was FRESH.  It tasted like they prepared it while I was waiting.  The special comes with some rice, a spring roll and a won ton.  The rice, spring roll and won ton were more then less forgettable.  For 6 bucks though the deal was good and the food filling.  If you eat there I believe you get soup and tea.I have been there twice since the first time and judging on the quality of food I will be back again.
4	Was recommended here by a friend who said that this was one of the very few places in LV which served up dishes like beef bittermelon and steamed pork hash with salty fish. Service was fast and friendly. Also clean but nothing fancy. Their roast duck was plump and juicy but so-so in taste. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have roast pig but only char siu for their BBQ. We usually go to Sam Woo a block away but their prices are quite higher and their service sucks. We decided to go back for lunch the next day to have the beef brisket noodle with siu gao and won ton. Was kind of disappointed when I got only three little dumplings and something that resembled beef brisket. Could have had more brisket in my opinion instead of couple of small pieces hidden under the noodles. That was my only minor complaint but the soup stock was dynamite. Will be back there on our next trip to Vegas.
3	I just moved to Las Vegas from San Francisco... so I have cravings for good Cantonese food here and there.  Good Chinese food is here in Vegas.  Good Cantonese -- not easy to find.  But Cafe Noodle and Chinese Barbeque is not bad.Look, there's a special after 11 pm.  You can order dishes for $5-$7 off a specials list.  I highly recommend it.  It's where I go when I miss home and need to eat some home cookin'.
5	If you are a fan of Chinese style noodles and pork... this is your place! This place is located in a strip mall, downstairs from my favorite place in Las Vegas, Ichiza. The parking lot wraps around behind the building and should be plentiful even when busy. I ordered wonton and beef noodles, fried tofu, Singapore style noodles (curry flavored), BBQ combination (2 items - chicken and pork... should have tested the duck out... I get sick of cutting myself up on bone fragments), rice and hot tea. The bill with tax and tip (I gave 'em a decent tip) was $43. Awesome. The food was plenty and of excellent caliber. No ABC here.  I think the 2 item BBQ combo for $12 is the best deal!The service was brisk and attentive.  Unlike a lot Chinese places, they are happy to have customers and will help you out if you have ordering if you have any questions.Did I mention how good the wonton and beef noodles were?!  Love the soup part; excellent use of stock.  Loved the noodles!
4	Great place! Food was excellent. Some of the best HK style food I've had. Service was great and the food came out fast. I highly recommend it if you need a break from all the buffets!I'm definitely coming back on my next trip to vegas!
4	Should've checked the yelp reviews and not wasted my time on the other similar noode places and just descend upon this one instead. This place is located below Ichiza in the same plaza, a little hidden, but worth it if you want some Hong Kong stye Cantonese food.We went for breakfast so ended up ordering the jook (rice porridge), some gon chao ngau hor (flat noodles with beef and bean sprouts), fried tofu for the young man and some Cantonese style sui gao (dumplings). The gon chao ngau hor smelled wonderful and tasted pretty good. Only thing was it was super greasy. I think next time I'll have to tell them to go easy on the oil. The jook was really nice on a cold morning. Portions are much smaller here. The bowl of jook is about what you'd get when you go to dim sum, not when you go to a restaurant that has jook on the menu. The sui gao weren't bad at all -- I mean it's not like what you'll get in HK but since I can't just hop on a plane every time I'm craving something like this, I'll just have to make do.I noticed that everything in Vegas is a buck or two more than in Orange County, but the fact that you can get Cantonese food like this alone in Vegas means just pay up and shut up.
4	Can't really compare to Los Angeles. But this is a good place for HK/Cantonese food. They open early and close late at night. After a good Chinese concert, you can always come here for late night snacks. Service is above average. Price is a bit pricey compare to Los Angeles, but reasonable and cheaper than San Diego. Food quality is hell better than Sam Woo next door. I still remember I got sick from Sam Woo, too much oil! Fried Garlic Veal was good. Mayonnaise Rock cod was tender. Wonton was ok, still can't compare to Hong Kong's. The noodle however is better than any places I've tried. Instead of soft and soggy, it actually taste like those in HK.  I'm only talking about the noodle itself. The soup base for the noodle is decent.The BBQ pork (char siu) and chicken is decent also. I prefer fatty char siu... the tastiest part of the char siu =P
4	I just flew in from out of town that afternoon...and after a lazy evening of napping, talking, and kind of getting pretty, we finally made it out to grub before we hit the strip.  I have a pretty much constant craving for asian noodle soup, so we decided to go to Chinatown, since my Vegas resident friend said that it was the ONLY place to get asian food.  We randomly drove down the street and saw this place..."Cafe NOODLE...blah blah blah."  That was the place for me!  It was around midnight, and we were dressed up in very small pieces of clothing, but the waiters still made us feel comfortable.  He pointed us to the Beef Brisket & Egg Noodle Soup, so that's what we got (me without wontons and my friend with wontons).  We weren't expecting much...after all....we just found any place with noodle soup and got whatever was suggested. But MAN...it was GOOOOOODDDDD!!!!!!! The broth....beefy goodness without feeling overwhelmed by the beefiness.  The noodles were JUST the right texture  to complement the beefy broth.  And there were HUGE chunks of beef, the kinf that breaks apart easily and it attached to a huge piece of tendon/fat.  I know it's bad, but i've always specifically loved those fatty/tendony pieces of meat.  I got like....10 huge pieces in that little bowl!!!   It was...to die for.  So good, that we both ate the whole thing, were so full that we wanted to sleep, and we decided to go home instead of go clubbing. hahaha.  Any food that can do that to a couple of club girls MUST be amazing.  Next time I'm in Vegas i'm going to make her take me again ;)
4	Great place for some chinese food in Las Vegas.  Better than Sam Woo down the street.  Didn't see much BBQ items though when I came in on a Monday around lunch time.
3	tasty food, fair price, but not to clean! Descent service.Their live lobster with ginger and scallions is to die for!
3	I have only ever had the wonton soup here.  I order it without noodles and it is some of the best I've had.  I love the slightly sweet, aromatic broth and the dumplings are very good.  I've heard the other food is just so-so and I haven't tried it.  But I am a repeat customer for their wonton soup.  Check out the Crown Bakery upstairs from this place - it's great.
4	My cousins and I always choose this restaurant when we want to get together and have Chinese. We're a group of 30 year old Filipinos and are really picky when it comes to good Asian cuisine.  We also live in the Silverado Ranch area, so obviously we're not looking for just a convenient Chinese restaurant when we come here. The staff is quick to serve you.  It's great for late night after party meals.  I always order half a duck, Honey Walnut prawns, HK fried noodle combo and some type of beef dish. By the time we roll out of there we are completely satisfied. If you're looking for someplace to go either right before you hit the strip or after a late night of partying  this place is perfect. I brought 12 guys celebrating a bachelor party. We were in there at 9 and out by 10! The food only took 15 min. to start coming out. By the time we were done, the guys were complaining that they were too full to drink. Let's just say, no one passed out drunk that night.
3	The wonton's pretty good -- big and full of meats. We tried some crispy pork stomach that was rather tasteless. The red bean drink (and probably the rest of them too) was not worth it (full of ice.) Otherwise what you would expect from an average Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area.
3	I have eaten here several times and this place has never really wowed me. I would have to say that there were some dishes that I liked and for the most part the dishes were just average. Maybe it is because I always stick to my old reliables.
5	My girlfriend and I love Chinese food specially lunch specials.  Cafe Noodle does have the best lunch specials.  Price is cheap and food is delicious but like any other Chinese restaurant, customer service is a little off.
4	The Salt & Pepper pork chops and Hong Kong Style Noodles are good.  They have a cheap lunch menu but make sure you ask for it because if you don't, they'll give you the regular menu.  They are also open very late as well.  Cheers.
5	one of the best in town..I like the steam chicken and the salt and pepper crab,  and the deep fried chicken is moist and tasty..the melon juice is fresh too..must try.......highly recommend
2	Meh.  I've had much better in Boise.  My Singapore style noodles were bland.  The barbecued pork was fatty.  My wife's Mongolian beef was very tasty, but again the beef had too much fat.  And while the decor is nice, the cleanliness could be improved - the condiment tray at our table looked like it hadn't been cleaned in at least a week (an probably much longer).  We'll likely try a different Chinese place next time.
3	We came here with a party of 14 for dinner, and we end up sitting at 2 round tables side by side. The service was OK, the food was not bad. We had the lobster special for $7 per lb which they always charge 1 lb or 2 more than actually weight (very typical pratice in restaurants that offers lobster/crab specials).  We usually come here for lunch, it's a place we would go if we are close by or if it's convenient for us. It's not a place to make a special trip.
3	Not too bad, a little pricey than other Chinese noodle restaurants along Spring Mountain Road.We had the BBQ duck with noodles comes with a side soup, snow pea leaves in garlic sauce, rice noodle with chicken (wet style), and a platter of 1/2 order of steam chicken comes with a side of garlic, ginger and green onion sauce.The food is not too bad.  The BBQ duck is delicious and fresh.  May have to come back for dinner another time.
4	Love it! I came with my sister last time to dine in and the guy was super friendly. He helped us find out what we wanted to order since we forgot the Chinese names to the dishes. Our bill ended up to be a lot because of the lobster we ordered but damn was it good!!!! I'll be back there as soon as I'm back in Vegas.
4	Wontons!!  I love the wontons here!  Must stop by for some every time I go to Vegas!
1	It's been a few years since I banned this place after experiencing hostile service and later found out that they fraudulently charged my credit card for an underserving tip!I wanted to give them another chance. As soon as I was seated with my husband and 7wk old baby, I wanted to wipe Lysol all over the table and seats. The place is very run down. I don't think they have done any upkeep since ninteen-forgotten. The servers were surprisingly friendly. We ordered the oxtail hot pot which was served warm in a steel bowl and the fried salted prune pork ribs which looked more appetizing than it tasted. We barely ate half of what we ordered.To cleanse my tortured palette, I took a gulp of my hubby's Coke. Everyone knows I don't drink soda...   Forgive and forget? Not!
3	I've come here a few times really late and had a late night menu which was a deal- now though it's disappeared...I'm mostly down for late night eats but.... It's okay, lunch is a great deal here for $5 and a good size that I cannot finish. All have been decent, but one in particular that came out great was some short ribs w/ a sweet plum sauce I had one night with my cousin, BBQ pork was juicy and rice porridge here hit the spot one night, but man...if you eff up something that simple as porridge- big fail as it's virtually a no fail comfort food. Service isn't that great here usually, but I think it's much better during the day than night. Night people seem, tired and cranky, but at least the food has been consistent. I'll come back for the $5 lunch.
4	Our family loved it...we came here with a party of 23.  This was a casual dinner for my cousin and her family from Georgia.  The kids had a table for themselves and they were grubbin'.  The waiters were very helpful with the menu.  Our favorites are the salt and pepper shrimp, salt and pepper pork chops and salt and pepper squid...hmmm...did we miss another salt & pepper dish?? LOL.....  The best dish was the beef hot pot. Yummmmm!!!! Even the most finicky of the family enjoyed it. We were stuffed!!!  ;o)
3	3.5 stars.  Good, authentic cantonese cuisine while in Vegas when you're tired of all the usual casino buffets...
3	I was craving Won Ton Egg Noodle soup &&my mom was raving about this place of where her coworker brought in ToGo. My mom ordered from the splendid Lunch Special menu (which had a pretty good selection of tasty sounding entrees) &&got the Black peppered pork w/ soft noodles. I opted for the BBQ Duck, Won Ton in Egg Noodle SoupOverall: it was deelish and since my mom barely touched her plate, We still had leftover for this morning. Must try since its located in the heart of Chinatown, once you're done you can head to Tea Station located a couple of units down for a drink.
4	Well this place is great, if you can over look the poor decor. As I only go here for lunch I can tell you that the lunch specials are amazing! $5 for a great meal. If you go here from 3pm-5pm your meal comes with an amazing Hong Kong milk tea. Personal favorites for here are the orange chicken and the chicken with black bean sauce both amazing to eat, of course you get rice with anything you order. Because the portions are large eating family style is great with friends, since we should all remember sharing is caring :-)
4	Coming from LA, where there is a very large chinatown area, it's sometimes hard to find authentic Chinese food. Cafe Noodle is a great place to go if close authenticity, without the high price tag, is important to you. They offer a fairly large array of items (including the ones that would probably steer you clear of inviting a friend that is not familiar with authentic Chinese food).You are greeted by a happy buddha, that stands on top of the counter. Most tables are round that can seat 6-9 people. There are also booth tables available as well. I usually prefer sitting away from the roasting area, since the smell of duck can get overwhelming and possibly change your palette and appetite. The menu is extensive and has standard Chinese fare plus many authentic dishes. The sesame chicken is great. I always order the honey shrimp. Be forewarned though, that Cafe Noodle's honey shrimp might have more of the sweet mayo than usual. But the shrimps are large, which I like. Also, their duck is fantastic, as well as their fried bass. Also, try their pan fried seafood chow mein. I love my noodles extra crispy, and they make it just right. It is amazing. Service is up to par. I would actually say better than majority of "mom/pop" chinese establishments that I have been at. A good amount of the workers there understand and speak english well. Parking can be difficult, so dont be in too much of a hurry if you plan on eating there.
4	This is my new go-to place for good, cheap, late-night eats.Going on from 10pm-2am they have a $4.95 menu with a number of pretty decent items. I happened to order salt & pepper porkchops, beef with oyster sauce, and a whole order fried chicken ($5.95). The porkchops were great, the beef was good, and the chicken had that satisfying crispy skin that I was looking for. Though, the chicken itself was a somewhat dry. They give you a side of sweet and sour sauce that helps with that.   Two people completely satisfied for under $20. Definitely coming back again for another go.
4	After hearing about the roasted chicken several times from my boyfriend's dad, I finally got to try it!! Oh man, those late night specials are deep trouble! $5 for a variety of different chinese and noodle dishes. I'd probably just go here for the late night specials just because I don't think I can pay full price knowing that I could wait a couple of hours to save a few bucks. Yes, I'm frugal.The chicken curry was okay. Not really what I'm use to since I love indian and thai curry so much. If you're thinking of those kinds of curry when you order this dish, please remind yourself... it is NOWHERE near that. The salt/pepper porkchop: crispy and delicious!The roasted chicken had a nice crispy skin to it and they give you the whole chicken cut up into pieces. Woop Woop.The service was good... but I think it's mostly because I went with my boyfriend's dad and he goes there quite often. :o) But they made sure to keep us happy!
3	Chinese food was the last thing I'd be eating in Vegas. Afterall, Honolulu's got some great places. But nonetheless, I found myself here for a family dinner and it was very good. We feasted pretty good that night...noodles, duck, chicken, veggies...everything was tasty and good.It's definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
4	I've been here a few times now and every time it has hit the spot. They are open late, have cheap prices during their happy hour and the food is authentic!Usually i'll order a Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice if its to go or when sitting down, get one of their many noodle soups. Salt n Pepper anything is great and they do it quite well here.  Just a short quick drive down Spring Mtn from the strip, I always make the trip here when I need a pick me up after a night of drinking.
4	We have been going to Cafe Noodle ever since we moved here. Their food is consistently good. The portions are huge and I am never disappointed. Their $4.95 lunch menu price is a bonus!! We had crispy fried chicken, beef stew rice and Singapore noodles. The crispy chicken was a little over cooked, but besides this the rest of the dishes were very good.
4	You can always find me eating here every time I'm in Vegas.  My routine is to play all night, sleep at 9 am, wake up at 2 pm, drag my ass here to eat porridge to rejuvenate myself, then back to the tables.I always get the Fish fillet with Sampan congee (Yu peen tang jai jok), Seafood congee, and chinese donut (yau ja gwai).I barely come here for regular dinner food, since I like to explore new restaurants.  But last time, in beginning of November, they had specials on the board.  $5.95 for a WHOLE crispy chicken!!!!  $7.95 for a fried flounder!!!!  So I had to come back and eat that.  I got these two dishes with a pea sprout dish and I was in heaven.  To top it off, I asked for Ginger Green Onion (gerng yeung) for the chicken and I was like a fat boy in a candy store.  Total bliss.
5	When I lived here, this was our Chinese restaurant of choice, and this sentiment extends to this day.Our "regulars" are the House Pan-fried Noodles, XO Beans, and the Walnut Shrimp. But on our last trip, a new discovery was made; the Salt and Pepper Pork Chops. It is to die for. In Hawaii, there is a place called "Little Village" who has a killer S&P Pork Chop, but, alas, it is no match for this one. If I wasn't so full from all the other delectable offerings, I'd have inhaled the last two pieces!Good prices, portions, friendly staff, clean and modern atmosphere. But ultimately, great tasting food is why CN&CB is my choice when Chinese is craved.PS, I can never remember the name....Is it really that complex???
3	This Chinatown restaurant is well-located, easily seen from the street, and right next to my favorite tea house and Vietnamese food-to-go place.  However, I never felt the inspiration to stop by; last night a girlfriend was raving about the egg noodles, and so we ate here today for Sunday lunch.The interior is definitely not as hopeful-looking as the exterior.  The service is pretty sporadic, you definitely have to make an effort to get the attention of the servers if you need something.My friend was right about the noodles.  They were as fresh as egg noodles go and perfectly cooked (egg noodles are usually overcooked in most places).  I ordered the BBQ duck and pork & shrimp wonton noodle soup.  The wontons were a good size and very delicious.  The BBQ duck was all right, a little on the bland side.  The noodles certainly were the highlight.I also judge Chinese restaurants by their complimentary tea pot, I believe it gives me a sneak peek of how much effort they put into their food.  Cafe Noodle's tea was made with tap water, I could taste the Vegas pipes, which means points have to be deducted.  So if you crave egg noodle soup, stop by, but try to order everything you need all at once, and get a soda or bottled water for your refreshment.
4	This is a 24 hr Chinese restaurant . Late night special for $5 equates to $15 dollar a la carte from most restaraunts. A must for people who are out late after 12:00 AM.
4	I had an orange smoothies without whipped cream that was a great treat. We ordered the crispy chicken special and were surprised that we got so much for under six dollars. Some in my group said that the pot stickers were too dry but I had no problems devouring them.
1	They had the lunch specials again after a hiatus during the holiday season. But even the cheap price of $4.95 couldn't help to make this dining experience more enjoyable. What happened!!!  I used to think highly of this place and their food.  This time though, I was not impressed when I told them that their congee has a slightly sour taste (I think it was going bad) and was told that they had it that morning and it was fine. Instead apologizing for serving the bad congee, they denied that anything was wrong with it. That in itself is a big no no in my books. What happened to the customer satisfaction. OH, I forgot we are in a Chinese restaurant. Besides this, the portions have gotten significantly smaller than before Xmas. Also, the waiter came over to ask if we were done, when two of us still had chopsticks in our hand and still eating. 0 stars for customer service and food, but I will give them 1 star for their speediness in bringing out the dishes to us soon after we ordered it. There was hardly anyone in the restaurant. Is this because they don't know that the lunch special prices have returned or the portions are now smaller? Whatever the case may be, I will be joining the crowd and going elsewhere to dine for lunch.
5	Cafe noodle I love u so much! I've been a regular ever since my roomie first brought me here for won ton noodle soup 8yrs ago. It was $5.50 back then but still well worth the $7 it costs now. Long list of $5 specials available at lunch and late nite, but we always stick to the things we love. Beef chow fun dry, singapore fried noodles,whole crispy fried chicken w shrimp chips, salt and pepper pork chops w fried diced garlic and jalapenos, orange chicken. They give you full sized servings for half the price. Cafe noodle has gotten a bad rep because that dirty dining segment on the news, but who cares. I've eaten there well over 100 times and have never had any issues. Service is super fast and friendly but I am a regular, which may be a factor...  I've introduced a lot of my non Asian coworkers to cafe noodle and they're all fans now too. Its funny that they automatically bring forks and iced water any time I have white ppl w me.As much as I love the $5 specials, my favorite at cafe noodle will always be the shrimp and pork won ton w egg noodle and brisket. The best thing ever on a cold day, and it beats pho when you're sick. Add a bunch of chili oil and it'll clear you up right away.
3	After a night of looking for something new to try, I decided on Cafe Noodle.  We ordered the Chicken and Broccoli, Mongolian Beef, Chicken and Crispy Noodles and Steamed Garlic Eggplant.  All the items we ordered to try are on the special $5 late night menu.  While I am a fan of the Mongolian Beef and the Steamed Garlic Eggplant, the chicken in both of the other dishes appeared to be a little (unfortunately) undercooked.  I'm not sure that this is how those dishes are always served but I'm willing to go back to try again.There are a bunch of things on the lunch/late night special menu and when you think about the portion size, you're getting a great deal.  An earlier review made mention of the taste of Vegas Tap Water being a predominant flavor in the tea.  I'd have to agree.  Quite unfortunate.I'll go back and try other things (probably staying away from the chicken) and get a Diet coke or something instead of drinking the hot tea that tastes of Vegas.
3	The lunch and late night specials are priced right at $5, but honestly, I would pay more for better food.  The food is edible but nothing to rave about.  The service....well, this is a Chinese restaurant.  (I'm Chinese too, so don't send hate mail)
4	Does Cafe Noodle have regular hours? At any given point, in the day, they are running some kind of special. My family came here for the lunch special that runs from 11am-5pm. They have one two sided menu that dictates what you can order and everything is $4.95. The best dish was the Mandarin fried pork chops. They were hot, crispy, and thrown in sweet and tangy sauce. Each plate comes with six or seven big pieces and it was hard to resist licking my fingers clean. So good that we ordered a second plate to take home and began to pick at it while waiting for a box. The fried soft tofu with cod was not bad. The filet of fish were moist and tender. The cod with ginger and scallions was delicious, but you must love scallions because they sauteed it with large cut stocks. The pepper beef over rice came with thick slices of tender beef and big chunks of green peppers and onions. The dry beef flat noodles was a generous portion of everything, but was oily. The kung pao squid was tender, and not rubbery, but it was the greasiest of all the dishes. For everything that we got, you would think it would be expensive, but we were able to feast for less than forty dollars. That alone is a reason to love Chinatown. Most of the time, Chinese restaurant employees can come off as gruff and curt, but not here. Everyone from the hostess, both servers, and the busboy were quick and attentive. My dad can be straight forward and demanding, if they were annoyed, it didn't show.
4	I'll make this short and simple: it was good! Regardless of the bad media it received, this place still delivered. Although I stopped coming here for a while after that incident, as soon as I came back, I thought the food was still great. People might think I'm crazy but I believe this place serves one of the best Chinese food here in town. Quick rundown of what we ordered:Salt and pepper fish- I love it! Ive tried it at other places and did not like it! It actually has flavor here! Eat it before it gets soggy though or it won't taste as good!Seafood panfried noodle- Great flavor, one of my favorites here. But it could've used a little bit more sauce and more seafood!BBQ duck and pork- The guy ordered this and he loves the BBQ duck but mentioned that the pork was a wee dry. Red bean with crushed ice drink- It was ok, nothing to get excited about. I guess it could've been a bit sweeter.The portions are decent and prices are somewhat reasonable. Each dish cost over 10 bucks. They do offer lunch and late night specials though so prices then are cheaper.The service was actually pretty good. I guess because we're regulars here and it wasn't as busy at the time. Overall, it was money well-spent.
4	Always my last resort whenever there are no more restaurants open late night. It can easily be spotted, it's such a big chinese restaurant next to my favorites Tea Station, Sushi Kaya and Ichiza. They serve $5 lunch and late night specials which is always a good deal. Those were the only times i go to. The servings are big enough to fill me up. One of my favorites was the chicken with cream of corn on rice!
4	Myself and the boys I work with come here for lunch. Their lunch specials are crazy cheap, $4.95 and there's a big menu with items to choose from. I always get the black pepper beef with soft noodles. YUM! The other boys get chicken with crispy noodles (I always steal his bok choy), sweet and sour chicken and salt and pepper pork. There is always at least 4 of us that go and with our food, drinks and rice for the table our bill is never more than 30 bucks total!! So worth it.
4	You really want to go here for the unbeatable prices and huge selection on the menu... lunch specials and late-nights specials for under $5. Generous portions... you can't beat that type of deal!There is nothing extraordinary about the food but every now and then, I love stopping here with my boyfriend to eat hearty and cheap. It is actually one of his favorite restaurants in Vegas. Last night I ordered the cod filet with tofu.. that is a new favorite! They were able to make it spicy for my taste. It wasn't quite spicy enough, but I don't expect deadly sauce from a Chinese place ;). The dish was fantastic regardless. Overall, this is definitely a place I recommend!
4	I'm often in here with a large group of people over 8, and every time they have been very consistent with our orders (even remembering who got what out of a large party), and they are more than happy to serve us despite how we usually stay up until closing time.Tasty dishes, a little bit on the greasy side with some of them, and if you're vegetarian the menu is limited to about 4 choices you can choose from (the pan fried vegetable mix is a smaller portion than I'd like it to be), but for everything else you get a pretty good deal ($5 a head? You can dine like a king!) I'm giving this place four stars because the service has always been friendly and attentive, and most plates you really get the bang for your buck! This place is perfect for those in larger groups, they don't seem to mind in the least! ;)
1	Our favorate noodle place closed down for good (noodle palace). Very glad we found this place. Food is good and comes very quick. Edited on 12/18/13. We stopped coming here because of the roaches that were crawling on the walls and because of a server who didn't wash their hands after using the restroom. Absolutely disgusting.
4	This place is my favorite for good chinese for a great price. I especially love both the wet and dry beef ho-fun noodles! They get a decent char on the noodles that you can taste and it makes such a huge difference from other places that make the same dish.My other favorites are the mandarin pork chops, beef hotpot, XO string beans, and the crispy whole fish.
4	If you think the only places you can get full off of $5 is subways and the extra value meals at fast food joints.... WRONG!!! Cafe Noodle offers a surprising amount of wholesome dishes for $4.95. My hubby and I went after to work to see what the fuss was all about. The restaurant seemed kind of run down, but the food makes up for it. We ordered whole fried chicken served with sweet and sour sauce, beef chow fun, Chinese broccoli, and salt & pepper pork chops. The food was actually really good and the portions were more then generous. The Chinese broccoli was slightly steamed with the perfect amount of oyster sauce, the thing that makes great chow fun is when the beef is tender, the noodles tasted fresh because it wasn't mushy or soggy and the bean sprouts were firm, not wilted. The salt and pepper pork chops are smaller than most locations but not as fatty... mmmmm.... so good with their chili sauce. Lastly, a whole fried chicken for $4.95? Come on this deal is better than Costco & Sam's Club! Our chicken was juicy to the bone and the skin was extra crispy with that 'crunch'.... this place is definitely worth it if you want good happy hour that isn't bar food. Try it!!!
3	Their wait staff is terrible but what do you expect at a chinese restaurant,. Sad to say but the proof is out there..The place is not so clean.  Their seats are eh.Food comes Out quick and that doesn't mean it's pre cooked, Chinese food is just cooked fast.Their prices are really good! They have a late night five dollar specially I've yet to try but my normal orders are usually:Jelly fish, roast duck, whole deep fried chicken,dumplings, BBQ pork fried rice, and of course their hong kong style pan fried noodles.I really love their HK noodles. They're my favorite in town over Joyful House.After their stint on dirty dining it's hard to return often.Their hot tea is mediocre but again, their staff sucks.
4	This has become my go to chinese place for a cheap lunch or some take out chinese food in Vegas. They have an extensive list of lunch specials for $4.95 that you can choose from including, beef & egg on rice, beef chow fun, salt & pepper pork chops, and more. I think the special prices are also late night, so if you are craving some good cheap chinese food, come here. I've also tried some of their other food off their menu including the wonton noodle soup and their bbq items, although the bbq items were a bit more expensive.
4	Best damn green beans I have ever had.. I don't like the way they cut their lemons.. and their tea is yummy.. I would suggest comming here for the green beans not for the lemons.. if you like good lemons go somewhere else.. but the food and service is great !!
4	The Cafe noodle restaurant is where we go when we have guests in town. The service is super fast and the food is great. We always order the house noodles, salt and pepper shrimp, the roast duck, and the crispy chicken.
4	A three hour walking exploration of Las Vegas' Chinatown culminated with a large and delicious lunch here.  Relying once again on the ratings of Las Vegas Yelpers I decided to check out this spacious restaurant along Spring Mountain Road.It was like stepping into a restaurant back home again as a lady greeted me in Cantonese and asked me how many.  A single index finger answered that question as I was escorted to my table.  Judging by their conversation two gentlemen seated beside me on their lunch break seemed to really like this place.  Honestly I don't eavesdrop but sometimes when you're sitting there reading your cell phone you hear things.The menu being clumsy and tattered was definitely a symbol as to the popularity of the place.  The prices on the other hand were about double what I would pay in San Francisco, but I usually keep an open mind on that being that things are rarely as good as they are at home.Noodles or Chinese barbecue?  Not having steamed rice for nearly a week the Chinese in me went with the latter in selecting the rice plate with two BBQ meats.  Roast Duck was definitely going to be my first choice, but it was the recent review of a San Francisco Yelp friend who wrote about a San Francisco deli with very good Soy Sauce Chicken that influenced me into trying my second choice.  I hadn't had soy sauce chicken all year so that's what I picked to go beside my duck.Not sure about portion size I selected the Crispy Fried Tofu appetizer as well.The tofu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L6qd3x0bHymyxub9dF7lIA?select=2qOeThevkuoRKc9Enk6mSQ) arrived first.  The eight squares of crispy, golden fried silken tofu on a bed of shredded lettuce served with a simple soy sauce infused with chopped, fresh jalapeno was simple and fabulous.  The taste was very clean and very fresh without a hint of frying oil.When I saw my rice plate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L6qd3x0bHymyxub9dF7lIA?select=8UiNNR3cVaxzUVHi3UoCDw) I knew right away I couldn't finish it.  Not only was the steamed rice piled high, but so were the meats.  I knew I'd end up concentrating on the meat since I wasn't about to carry leftovers back to my hotel room.  The drippings from the roast duck mixed into the rice was so good though it was hard not to eat all the rice.  Both of the meats were cooked well.  The chicken had good flavor but the meat was a bit thin and a bit chewy.  The duck was actually meatier than the chicken, and I definitely enjoyed the flavor more.My sensitivity to MSG didn't come into play.  It's hard to imagine Chinese style BBQ without MSG, but since I couldn't detect any I'd have to say this place did it right.  The health score of "A" was quite reassuring too.  That's something I don't see that often in San Francisco!
3	Wonton noodle soup- that is the only thing we order all the time.
1	Me and three friends happened to be in the area so we decided to try a restaurant nearby.  Since this restaurant had pretty good reviews on Yelp, we decided to try it.  We were seated immediately on a Tuesday afternoon.  The restaurant is basically a big room with several tables so no privacy if you wanted it.  But it would be good for groups.  We ordered two appetizers (crispy fried shrimp and salt and pepper chicken wings) and three entrees (shrimp fried rice, shrimp chow mein, kung pao chicken) to share.  The best tasting items were the appetizers but the food in general was ok.  It wasn't until after we paid and left that one of my friends mentioned that he saw a baby roach!  I'm still harrassing him about why he didn't tell us while we were eating, but needless to say I won't be eating here again.
5	This review was suppose to be done a couple months ago.  Started it but didn't finish.  Here it is.  The food is good.  The restaurant was opened in 2011.  Got to try the crisp fried tofu.  Its not your typical Japanese tempera type deep fry stuff.  The cook did a really good job.  Just slightly crisp on the outside and still soft on the inside.  Nicely done.  Almost forgot to mention the restaruant is in Las Vegas Chinatown plaza.
4	Came here for lunch & ordered from their lunch special menu. Items range from $4.95-7.95. We ordered the Singapore fried vermicelli noodles and sweet and sour chicken. Both items were pretty decent. We actually ended up taking some home so portions were right size as well.Interior is usual Chinese restaurant decor. Servers here.. well if you frequent Chinatown often you already know the typical service they give at Chinese restaurants. This is no different.I'd come back just for the lunch specials and look forward to trying other items :)
2	I had a major need for noodles! So, of course, we decided on Cafe noodle.  The noodles were excellent! Everything else was meh, I've had better.  We ordered the salt and pepper wings with great expectations but were majorly disappointed; they lacked the crunchy garlic bits and flavor.  The salted fish fried rice was ok.  Bottom line, we won't be back anytime soon.  There is nothing you need to rush over to cafe noodle for.  There are too many other places doing it better.  Noodles were really good though!
5	Going here for 12 years and more of a value now than ever before. Meals start at just $4.99 and open late till 2am - Have not seen any Chinese BBQ there
5	Great food made fresh always. Doesn't take long to become a regular here Some good specials on menu and open till 2am
5	If you want to eat well, you HAVE to order their congee.  No question about it. It's my favoriate item here hands down. Beef, fish, thousand-year-old egg... all the traditional combinations are available to fill your Cantonese cravings.  Served pippin' hot you'll appreciate the flavorful entree even more-so. Tea Time SpecialIf you order on their menu between 3pm-5pm on a weekday they will give you a complimentary coffee or milk tea drink. Sweet!
4	My 2nd stop in vegas after the liquor store. I will always love cafe noodle - dirty dining or not. I like that they changed their limited afternoon/late night specials to a 4 or 5 page list of all day special lower prices ranging $5-8. Serving size of most things seems about the same even w the lower price. Got all my usuals + some new things. Everything was good except the beef brisket curry - brisket wasn't fall apart tender like it normally is, and the curry looked and tasted different (bad).
4	During a family trip to Vegas a few weeks ago, the parentals insisted that we eat at this place since it's one of their favorite spots when they're visiting sin city.I was pleasantly surprised that the Cafe was more or less a mom and pop store (absolutely nothing wrong with that!) The people eating inside were definitely locals by the way they interacted with the staff (thumbs up sign for locals!) My parents knew what to order - the noodle soup, congee BBQ meats. The wonton noodle soup was BOMB - lightly flavored soup and au dente egg noodles. I didn't try the congee so not sure how that was. We also ordered the e-fu noodles (very generous portion size but noodles were kind of mushy!), baby bok choy (perfectly seasoned and cooked), and seafood soup (pretty good). The BBQ meat was just ok to me. The duck was kind of fatty/greasy and the char siu pork was kind of dry and under seasoned. Overall, I would love to go back to this place. I would definitely get a bowl of the noodle soup - for myself!
4	Cheap, tasty Chinese food in the Asian ghetto just off the Strip.  It may not be the best Chinese food ever, but it's the best I've had so far in Vegas.  The chow fun in particular for only 4.99 is a must-have.
1	Ordered 3 things off the menu, all of which they did not have. The waitress did not check on us in between ordering and paying, the hot tea sucked. It should be called Cafe Poodle.
3	This used to be a favorite late-night spot for me. They have super cheap, and full-sized lunch and late-night specials. Some favorites being their battered and sweetened shrimp/prawns with pecans, or a good hot and sour soup. Shanghai style noodles are also a favorite. They're always quick and to the point. It's almost suspicious how quick they are.With all that said, it's just ok. It's nothing special. It's just food that won't break your wallet if you're nearby and feeling some quick Chinese food in large proportions.
3	I give it a 3 star because THE SERVICE SUCKS MY ROOMMATE'S DOG'S LEFT NUT!OK don't get me wrong the food is great and all i really love their salt and pepper pork  chops but I hate dealing with the service here,, I mean DAMN these freaking CHINESE Restaurants are just rude.. What's new right? First off I came in for the lunch specials.. So freaking dirt cheap a bum can afford it! i got the salt and pepper pork chops for only 5$ What a deal right? So the bill comes and I usually pay with my credit card because I like to get my points. But the lady was so freaking rude and said NO! THERE IS A 10$ MINIMUM.. IM LIKE WTF you had no SIGN that says there was a minimum.I asked her if there was an ATM she looks at me like IM FRICKING FOREIGN and says no i don't know.... So i ended up ordering two of the same thing one to go. Oh wells good thing I like their food.. Long story short.. I love their Food but their service sucks and they have no manners... Im assuming the 4 star rating is for food! and not for service.. Be warned you will not get good service.. but awesome food tho! Would I go back YES because I love their food. Just crappy service.. Act like it's DICk's ( The rude restaurant at Excalibur) and just learn to ignore them and give them a CHEAP TIP! maybe they would get the hint their service sucks..
2	Definitely not on my favorite list of Chinese restaurants around town. I know someone who is unfortunately in love with Cafe Noodle which caused my recent visit. My first time was 6 or 7 years ago and then I haven't been since until now! The food is better than it was before, but there are other places within walking distance that are better?! I would recommend HK Star which has the same prices during lunch and late dinner and the food is pretty delish. Sorry Cafe Noodle, but I think the public deserves to read this review.
3	A friend and I took our children to lunch. Definitely a locals placeWe always like to experience different things so we order a variety of food. Unfortunately they stil ordered items that sounded familiar. We ordered the Chicken with Orange Peel -  The chicken pieces were heavily coated in batter and then drenched in a very sweet sauce. The ramen soup with shrimp dumplings was very good. We also had the BBQ pork with soft noodle, very tasty in which nothing was left The combination fried rice was also good. The service was great! The prices were good, the atmosphere was below average. Things appeared a bit worn and needed to be clean.
1	I just ordered takeout here and spent close to $30. Not only were we missing food from our order but we were extremely dissatisfied with how it tasted. I called and was given a series of excuses as to why the food was missing. I have never had Chinese food like this ever. DO NOT GO HERE!!! This place is not even worth one star.
3	Food was good, not THE best. I was more disappointed with the fact that my Red Bean Icee drink was super nasty. I think I'll leave it to the viet restaurants cause they know how to make their drinks for sure. It's never crowded in there (at least the few times I've been there) so getting a seat is never a problem. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
3	After watching the yawn-inducing KA by Cirque Du Soleil, my parents was hungry so we decided to come here for a late night meal. We only ordered three dishes since it was late and we didn't really want a heavy tummy before bed but the food we ordered was pretty good. So we shared the shredded pork porridge and two ordered of the beef tendon wonton noodle soup. The noodles were really fresh but there was only 3 wontons...it's three pretty big ones though. the beef tendon was okay. Overall the food was okay and the place is pretty clean and spacious.
4	Walked in after not being able to go to another restaurant. Was nice surprise because expected food not to be good.  It was good authentic Chinese food.   It wasn't the best Chinese food I've had,  but the service was better than most Chinese restaurants.
4	Amazing ox tail stew, this alone made my day. Great variety, comfort Chinese food, good portions, acceptable service, it's my new favorite budget go-to Chinese restaurant.
4	I felt like I was in a Bay Area restaurant after eating here.  Bay Area = SF for those who aren't from Northern California.  Located at Chinatown but a few blocks away from the main gaudy portion.  It's located at a plaza with two stories and it's on the bottom level.  I was fortunate to have Americanized HK friends who been here before and knew what to order.  Items include:* Wonton noodle soup - comfort food.  Great when trying to sober up.* Roast duck noodle soup - comfort food.  Tastier alternative to wonton since the duck fat has more taste.* Porridge with thousand year old eggs and pork - Thousand year old egg is the black preserved egg.  Filling indeed.* Fu jian rice - sometimes spelled foukien (sounds like the F word).  Fried rice topped with loads of gravy and meats on top.* Half tea half coffee drink - hot or cold depending on temperature outside.  Add some condensed milk and you have a flavorful drink with some caffeine.
5	A gem in Las Vegas Chinatown! Decent food, good service, low prices. $5.95 for a whole Chinese Style fried chicken!
3	Came here because our first restaurant choice was closed. Since we're not Chinese, the service was blah.  It took forever for the waitress to come, and when we asked her for her suggestions, she said, "I don't know what you like, so I don't know."  Thanks, that was sooo helpful. Their noodle broth dish was good, and so was their chow mein.  I saw many families ordering BBQ duck.  At the end, my dad paid and gave them a big tip because he's nice, and then they started offering more tea and thanking us like we were royalty.  Too late, lady!
4	Jelly fish, porridge, fried rice, fish, chicken wings, noodles, fried tofu... I ate them all and it was fantastic. Among my favorites were the jelly fish and noodles. Any kind of noodles, really. You can't go wrong.On top of that for a group of 12 people, the price was amazingly cheap and you didn't even have to ask them to refill the tea.
4	Authentic chinese food, little to no wait, and a local's joint! what's not to like about good chinese food at a non-vegas price?Since vegas is practically my second home, this is my go-to place for chinese food. It's next to the all so popular chinatown plaza, but does not have their obnoxious crowds of tourists. The egg noodle in their noodle soup is al dente, which is the way it should be! This is hard to find in most chinese restaurants nowadays. Another mouth-watering dish is their fried rice with dried scallop and asparagus! Drool!!
3	Cheap menu, food is just OK. Good enough for its price. Service could be worked on.
4	Great food and service congee was awesome  and you can't beat the 5.95 whole crispy chicken lunch special
4	The place first showed up on our radar after being tortured terrible Chinese food in the main Chinatown Plaza.  They are just located in a strip mall west them.  The interior is actually above average when compared with other restaurants in the Chinatown area.  Service fits the Asian restaurant stereotype quite well with their poker faces.They got varies special deals going on at this place, most traditional one is the night snack after 10pm, then there is the afternoon tea specials, and I think they also got something for lunch as well.  The best thing I like about this place is Chinese comfort food.  I never miss a chance to get their flat or egg noodles soups, usually Wonton Beef Stew or Dumpling Noodles.  Stir fried noodles were just as good.Congee and BBQ were decent as well.  Rice plates were another thing I get every now and then, notably Curry Beef Stew Rice and Minced Beef with Egg Rice.  For regular dishes, I was not such big fan about them.  They prepared them decent enough compared to ones I had in my home state.  The cod dish seems to be pretty good deal at night snack hours.  They have off menu items such as oysters upon request.In Cantonese, their name is pronounced "Luk Ding Gei", which had nothing to do with Cafe Noodle and Chinese Barbeque.  Since most of the places suck in the Chinatown Plaza, this place is the closest place being decent near that area.
2	When I first started coming here it was good. The service on the other hand could of been better. Their dinner here is always good no matter what. All the food on their menu is always cooked perfectly. They even have a lunch special menu if you come within the lunch hours. My boyfriend and I used to come here at least once a week or once every 2 weeks. Coming from a family where my mom works in the food and beverage industry, she has always taught me to ALWAYS give tip no matter how bad the service is or how horrible the food is. Just put down a dollar at least. My boyfriend also having his dad in the same industry he taught him the same exact thing..When the waiters/waitresses gives us the check we pay the bill first and then place down the tip on the table before we leave the restaurant. I guess one of the waitress recognizes us and one day comes to us while handing us the receipt she has the nerve to tell us that we don't tip or that her other co-workers tells her that we don't like to tip. So when she gives us the bill she asks us "Do you guys not like to tip because the service is bad?" And then we answered"No, we always tip. Even if the service was bad we tip."Then after that little conversation we had, she backed off and didn't say a word. When we were about to leave I told my boyfriend to only leave a dollar on the damn table. They didn't deserve any more than a dollar because they had the damn nerve to talk to us about tips. So since then, we've never been back and never will. This place is good for the lunch specials but the company isn't gonna get our money no more.
4	Authentic Chinese food.  The place was full for lunch and we looked like the only tourists.  Great values for lunch starting at $4.95.  The soups are huge and yummy!  We ate here by accident first time here and sought it out on second trip.  Held out 1 star as the service was lacking.  Had to wait for some dishes and had to ask for things multiple times.  Everyone's very nice, just slow when busy.
1	Food is alright .... Service sucks the big one...waited 30 min 4 take out.. Would not go back ..there are other places w/better service & food...
4	Good food whether you go for brunch, lunch, or late night dining.
1	A roach crawled across our table right after we received our bill. How convenient! Was this part of the authentic ambience? UGH. I finished that last roach..err, I mean roasted duck with glee. And those MSG pan-fried veggies? Oh honey, I requested a second serving.  Then that fucking cucaracha caught my eye in the very end.  In hindsight, I should've told them and cursed them out, but I just wanted to get the fuck out of there. Unfortunately, paranoia and thoughts of roaches crawling everywhere in the kitchen invaded my psyche afterwards. My insides felt like shit. When we arrived at Ichiza for dessert, I threw up in the bathroom. Glamorous, I know. But I wanted that shit out of my system. I downed a bottle of beer and water hoping it would make me feel better. It did. My brilliant rationale is the alcohol would help vanquish those germs. Thus, dodging food poisoining. I woke up today feeling fine. Yesterday was my first and last visit.
1	I dunno who said this place is cheap and why it only has $ because that is totally false. I came here because of the reviews and almost walked out. Almost all the dishes are at least $12. Not only that but after ordering the food the middle aged waiter with glasses just tossed my food on the table. Did not ask who the food was for thanked us. Even paying the bill there was a lack of customer appreciation. The food was very mediocre at best, really not worth checking out. Really the worst factor was the rude and disrespectful service.
3	Just visited Cafe Noodle tonight. Good food and reasonable prices. The restaurant itself isn't much to look at, seems a little sloppy to me but can't complain. The tung choy was delicious.. veggies and rice were great and the main course was even better. I will definitely be back soon. Real chinese food at a great price!
3	Ok, I am not going to talk about the service too much because I think It's a cultural issue. their wait service is NOT friendly at all. The waitress and waiter do not know how to smile.However, I have to say that the service never detracts us from going there. The reason is the food is so good. If you are there during there lunch special, try the shredded pork pan fried noodles order it "Hong Kong Style"Our second favorite dish is the salt and pepper shrimps with the head on. Some people find eating the head weird, but it is so rich.The third dish to try is the salt fish and chicken fried rice. Salty but really good. I know this is not the typical "American ordering Chinese food" (i.e. General Cho's Chicken and Shrimp fried rice) type of order but trust me These are the best things on the menu.
4	The restaurant is not fancy looking. Came here with about 25 people. Who took about a third of the restaurant. The food and service was good. I enjoyed eating the beef & broccoli and fried pork chops. I wish the pork chops was boneless.
4	love their happy hour prices
2	Came here for cheap chinese food.  I do not recommend this place. I would go to Joyful down the street over this. Average Food Cost/person:$12Food:  Palatable -  Shrimp pan fried noodle Hong Kong style (shrimps on the smaller side)Skip - Salt and pepper pork chop (barely any meat mostly fat)Curry beef brisket (connective tissue, beef was tender, lacking in flavor)Environment:  Not very clean - table was sticky, walls dirty, chairs old and wornService:  Very poor - waited 20 minutes for food. One of our dishes came 10 minutes after that. Outside of ordering and dropping off, no interaction with the wait staff.
4	Easy to find local joint. Parking lot was jammed packed but lucked out and found the one and only spot. Went around 10:30pm on a Monday night and received the after hours menu.. Didn't really even bother looking at the regular menu since there were four pages of choices for $7.95 and under. Salt and pepper pork and chicken with orange peel. Can't beat a $10 meal for two!
2	Their food is pretty good, but I'm giving them two stars for their service. I know, chinese restaurants like these are not know for their service. But the servers here don't know anything about serving. This place automatically charges you 15% gratuity for a party of SIX! and the don't even deserve it. they'll actually write it down themselves on the check you're supposed to sign. I know there are no rules about giving tips but don't be afraid telling them that you intend to give less.
2	The redeeming quality of this place is it has cheap chinese food and thats about it.  For $11 per person we ordered 4 dishes for 5 guys and everyone was stuffed.  The service here is typical chinese restaurant so I won't dock them any stars for that.  The food on the other hand needs some help.The salt and pepper squid had way too much breading on each piece and needed more seasoning.  The ground pork and salty fish strangely had no texture.  I've had this dish many times but this was the first time that it was just extremely mushy, tasted fine.  The BBQ combo, too much to complain about.  The Singapore noodles was by far the best thing and a great filler since the plate was huge.I don't know where to get good chinese in Vegas but I know its not here.
4	Bulk self serve family style restaurant. The servings are very large and they set them in the middle of the table for the entire family to share. Not to pricey. Finally I got to eat Chinese food in Las Vegas without swelling up. Must mean there is NO MSG!!! We oredered the Salt N' Pepper Pork Chops they were EXCELLENT we also ordered House Chow Fun.....The seafood in it was a suprise, I was not expecting that. We also ordered the Tofu and Veggies. This was also good. The food came out in a timely manor and I never had to ask for a refill on my drink. Total cost $27.00 fantastic price for 3 people and we took home left overs!
1	Not good. Don't think I'll be coming back here. Food is overpriced for the quality. The beef is slimy. And the wait staff doesn't pay attention.
3	Hidden in a strip mall is the Cafe Noodle, good, cheap, fast, late night-friendly fare. There are two menus, one less expensive than the other (and there is also a paper takeout menu). Being cheap bastards, we always order from the smaller menu. We had 4 entrees for $24: kung pao chicken, beef with green onions, orange chicken, and salt-and-pepper pork chops were all fine and served with hot tea and white rice. The portions are ample for the price.Some menu items just don't translate well into English, you'll find many dishes with names like "beef with pickled pig intestines." We skip those.Asians will get somewhat better service than whites here, but I've seen worse.
3	This specials' price is higher than pictures in their profile on yelpCheapest is now $6. Still reasonable. and comes w milk tea for dine in. Food is just your typical HK style restaurant. not the cleanest but for the prices it is a OK.
3	It's so sad when you discover that long time favorites suck now... Cafe noodle's duck, won ton, egg noodle soup was always an old fav on cold nights, but I haven't done it in a while due to all the great ramen places that keep popping up. Today was the first time in 10 years of coming here that everything about it was pretty crappy. Salty, but otherwise flavorless duck, won ton is missing the chunks of shrimp that have always been there. Add to that some pretty bland broth, and you have a good sized bowl of sadness and disappointment. Quality of our other usuals have also gone down in the past year or so - beef chow fun, Singapore noodles, salt & pepper pork chops and the whole friend chicken. Hate to say it, but I'm almost ready to give up on this place
3	Good Chinese at reasonable prices.. they even have a late night menu.. only problem is the bad service!!
1	I dont really have nothing to say about the FOOD. Their food is amazing i just got a little bit disappointed about the service the last night i ate here. Dont get me wrong i always eat here with friends and family theres a lot of good server but my last one hmmm..
4	I came here on a Monday for lunch and got beef chow fun to-go for $6.43- Ready in 10min - Great lunch specials. As cheap at 4.95- Cheapest chow fun I have ordered and still at a good quality. - Chow fun taste very similar to Wendy's Noodle Cafe. - Enough to share for 2 and a good portion of beef. - Definitely a good place to get food on the good. Can't comment on the dine-in, but wouldn't mind to try it out
1	I have been coming here for a long time. However with time passing, so does this restaurant. When floors looked nice, bathrooms were presentable and smelled decent, and looked clean, for the past 3 years.. my folks love the won-ton mein, but the rest of the restaurant is horrible. I can't stand coming to this restaurant. It was only a few days ago when my mom said "we aren't coming here anymore." I have to make a review of this restaurant. The floors looked like they were going to remodel it, but never got the chance or they'd rather keep the money to themselves. Maybe get paid higher, and avoid the floor costs. The floor has been looking like it was a road in a chinese village since 2 years ago. I remember they were changing ownerships, which could be the reason to be the downfall of this restaurant. The broth for the noodle soup had no taste at all. the floors are blackened, and i had seen a waiter drop the napkins and chopsticks on the dirty, yet blackened floor. You would think he would put them in the dirty bin, yet he blew on the chopsticks wiped them with a cloth and put them back in the drawer. he also fanned out the napkins and put them back as well. OMG i just wanted to puke. What they should do? In my opinion, if it was my restaurant. Get someone to clean the restroom on an hourly basis to refill the amenities. Also downsize the restaurant, so you can afford to get flooring. If not carpet, some cheap tiles. Maybe keep the size of the restaurant and lease half of it to a boba place so then you can finally afford to fix the flooring, and maybe have a decent bathroom. I had to wait til we left and headed to rio, so i could use the restroom. Avoid this at all costs. You rather go and get some mc donalds or pho!
1	Our family discovered this restaurant last years. We liked the. Simple Chinese food and the prices were inexpensive. We just visited this cafe twice in a week. The first trip we found a used tea bag in the tea pot  the server gave us. I brought it to the Manager attention and he apologized sincerely. he explained that sometimes customers bring their own tea bag into the restaurant. Since we enjoyed the food, we decided to let the matter rest. Two days later, we visited this restaurant again. The food was reasonably tasty. However, when we asked for the bill, that is when our entire experience went down the drain! We normally do not check the items listed on the receipt and like many we merely pay the total amount as shown. This time for no reason we checked the items listed on the bill and found out shockingly that an item of $3/- was automatically added into the bill without even informing the customer! Normally we leave cash on the table but in this instance we were shocked! how can a waitress or establishment secretly and automatically add on "tips" onto the bill and not inform the customer? Also if we did not even notice the "tips" we would have double tip bec we always leave 20% behind anyway! When we confronted the waitress and asked how can she do such a secretive billing, she merely tried to cover it up by giving ridiculous reasons ..she explained that when the convention is in town, they always add automatic tip onto every customer bill. Such practice left us totally disgusted and we pledged we will not visit this establishment ever. We learn now to check every item on the bill because you never know what extra item can be added. Alash a cheating waitress drove away future customer business...what a shame!
1	horrible experience ! This restaurant makes us feel like they are dishonest. One waitress appears very very sneaky.  This was our third visit and our waitress was very rude. she talked to us with disrespect and treated us like crap,! we just sat down and wanted to have a peaceful dinner. then when she handed us our bill which  we found out that the waitress added a few dollars tip without informing the us.  She wrote the amount on our bill! this place is very dishonest. Hiw can they write their own tip onto customer bills without telling the,? we are never going back there again. if you want to risk going there, make sure you check the bill for every item....do not be fooled!
3	Food: food was good, not great. Price: more expensive than other restaurants I've been to. Service: The guy who took my order (take out) seemed too serious and uptight, but the woman who gave me my order was friendly. Overall, would not come back.
4	1) Generous portion great for big party. 2) Price is good for Vegas.3) Not much of a wait for lunch and dinner4) Service is good from the waitresses that's if you don't get the owner helping you, she is very mean. 5) Tables are sticky so make sure you wipe down before setting your arms on top of it.
4	Great prices and great specials $4.95 beef with prayer sauce was very good and good sized portion. $4.95 mandarin pork was good as well again good sized portion. Both dishes could of easily been a filling meal but for that price me and the gf figured the portion has to be small we better order another dish. She got the shrimp and pork wonton soup which was ok not the greatest. They didn't skip on the wontons like some places do it probably had 5 or 6 good sized ones. It also had rice noodles and bok choy mixed in. I order the $5.95 bbq pork and noodles which was ehh not to favorable. You can tell them to make the noodles spicier if desired. We only finished one dish between the two of us and took the rest home.The service was pretty good not the greatest but better then most places. Not the type of place to take Someone you're trying to impress but great for a quick bite. Complimentary tea was a plus and the food arrived very fast. Me and the gf were very impressed as we weren't expecting much from this place we were just looking for a late night meal after work. We will prob be regulars here in the future.
1	Worst food and service, I asked them to bring me an ice water 3 times, I have to go get the menu by myself, the answer was They are busy, it was only 3 tables with 2 servers,how busy would be?  and every time I went always see the woman counted her money for 30 mins, "Don't go to this place", the staff speaks loud with bad words in front of the guest..
4	In a rush but don't want to go to a fast food restaurant? Budget is tight? Then this is the place! Price to beat! Food is tasty and portions are large. Quick service and friendly staff. We come here mostly after midnight because the place can be packed during the day. The place could use some major renovations, though. But overall, I like it!
1	Service is bad and also the food here are awful. Prob is one of the worst Chinese food. Not gonna come back here again.
2	Food is good and reasonably priced BUT BEWARE restrooms !!!! Deep clean and sanitize thoroughly as well as the dining area  floors. They are dark colored but steam and strip the floor. Makes you wonder if the kitchen is up to par?!?! They posted A grade rating...really !?! I think they would improve star rating if they made the place more inviting and clean
3	Love the food here but despise the staff. Never friendly, no smiles, no refills, and they give dirty looks. I usually go here after basketball at tark. I enjoy their whole chicken, pan fried noodles, whole sole fish and fried shrimp. They have a discounted menu after 11pm as well. If it wasn't for the tasty food I wouldn't give them my business.
4	Food is good for the price. The place is pretty big with lots of big family table. The lunch menu starts off at 5 dollars ! Very good service for Chinatown!!!! I ordered preserved vegetables with intestines and ma po tofu. Both very authentic! I always take my family here!
3	i went here quite often. Most of their food is good. The pork chop is awesome, wonton n suei kiaw soup is wonderful. Beef flat rice noodle is delicious, salt pepper squid is good too. I usually happy w/ their food. Service is so so, depends who ur server is.Beware!! Their chix wing!! They serve it to me is medium, still bloody!! Gross!!
2	I must say, this is definitely not on my "favorite, oh my gosh I love this place" Chinese joints. I love the price of the stuff here, and I always end up finding myself here to feed a big group of people, or to fix a really really late night craving for Chinese food. Service is generally really fast, but the food is normally on the salty side, like "oh my gosh I can totally taste the MSG" and I normally get a headache after eating here and I think it's from the seasoning, or just the MSG they add to the meals. The place isn't super clean, but it's not disgusting dirty. I do like the taste of their hot tea here that they serve.  Food is nicely portioned, so like I said, I definitely like the price of everything here especially because they have the "special price/portioned" menu. It's easy to feed a party of 10+ more people and end up only paying $10-$15 each if you split the bill'' and you'll have order a shit load of food, like over 6 or 7 dishes. This is a good place to come and eat if you're hungry and you wanna split the bill so you can try everything that's ordered.They normally do a good job at accommodating very large groups. Bathroom isn't all that clean, so I would suggest hold it if you can. Oh and parking is a total bitch in the plaza where this restaurant is located so know you have been warned. When the parking lot is full (which it normally is always full) you have to park in the Chinatown parking lot next to this plaza.
3	Been here quite a few times... Always return for their salmon heads in black bean sauce, crispy pork intestines... It's very affordable and I like the food... Mostly for down to earth folk... If you're into fancy stuff, this place isn't for you...
4	When me and my friends come here we are always seated right away. We always get the pork chops! The prices were decent and the portions are ok.
3	Fried pork chop and steamed chicken with green onions and soy sauce. But the waiters are idiots!
2	This place was okay. Took a while to get our food.They have really good prices.$10 minimum for credit/debit.
1	This place is gross, even for chinese standards, coming from an asian person.  I'm used to bad customer service, especially at chinese restaurants, but these girls take it to a whole another level.  The dining room has the sense of a public bathroom, and their restrooms are absolutely wretched, vomit inducing .  Seriously, put some money into the bathrooms at least.
