2	Hahaha This place is a JOKE! Not a good one either. Me and my friend from work went there Tuesday at lunch in hopes to find V-Star 650 for me to plop my butt on. So, we drive all the way up there, 15 miles non the less. We go inside and ... Its like LOL WTF! There are no bikes! I mean there are some but maybe like 5!!! And like 10 sports bikes. Hummm,,,,, Ok, maybe we just not seeing more and some one from sales staff will show us more. Did i say - sales staff? Ohhh i apologize! What i should have said is - Imaginary sales staff! There was no one there to show us around. Like no one! Not one overweight middle aged dude. Not one over zealous pimply greasy teen. No awkward old guy. Not one weird lesbo. Not ONE SINGLE PERSON!!! Only dude there was someone at the counter in the center who was super busy BSing with some peeps there to even give us a look. So, we wondered around for whole 2 minutes, said "Fuck this" and left.Only reason for 2 * is cuz i did get to sit on V-Star 1100. Totally not what i was looking for but at least from same family. Bahhh! Screw you guys from EXTREME YAMAHA, you are a bad JOKE!"Bahh! I NO like!"
4	ive been in here many times with my brother helping him fix up his ( 09-yzf r6s ) and if you whant to find good prices this is one of the best places in the valley to go to .  but this guy  eugene t.  here with his  bs  review  its cause he must not have a bike and is nothing more than a troubel maker  with  no  huevos to  seek the staff in extreme yamaha  so he should maybe stay away from there  cause we already have enough squids in scottsdale and the phoenix area so find a new toy buddy like a scotter and  chill out at mill ave where you belong.
5	I have been shopping here several years now. I have bought levers and tons of parts for my rm250, and even bought a  yamaha zuma 125 to cruise around town. Each time I go in there I get great treatment. When I bought my scooter, they were really good about giving me the price I wanted and getting me out of there quickly (even got to watch some live streaming motocross races while I waited for paperwork).Mostly I just buy parts though and I usually talk to Aaron. He always gets me what I need at a good price in a good amount of time. He has always remembered me and what I ride and helps to explain things when I don't understand which parts I really need. He even recommended a good company to re-coat my cylinder when I blew a ring. He's always very knowledgeable and friendly. I've only used their service department once to get a basic check up and maintenance for my scooter. They got me in without having to call ahead of time, and got it done in just a couple of hours.  Sp I've never had a bad experience here, and their staff has treated me very well so they get a full 5 stars.
5	I'm shopping for my first motorcycle and stopped in and looked around. Aaron offered a lot of assistance and helped guide me the right direction. Great customer service very knowledgable and willing to spend time with novice riders. I will definitely be back to buy accessories and maybe a bike!
5	I've been taking my bike (Suzuki DL1000 V-Strom) to this shop for maintenance about 3 years.  Mike the service manager has been great to work with.  Friendly, knowledgeable, helpful.  Last service a week ago was fairly major (chain, sprockets, cushions, seal).  Helped me choose good quality aftermarket parts which were ordered and arrived in a few days.  Service was done promptly and well by Garrett who was also friendly and answered all my questions and explained what he did and why.  Nice to find a shop I can trust to take care of ride.
5	I've been bringing my bike here for years (have a 2005 Suzuki). Service manager Mike Martinez runs a very tight shop. I know the work is always, always reliable and well done. Would recommend any bike work to be done by this professional crew.
5	I have been taking my V-Star 1300 to these guys since moving to Mesa. Mike and the crew in the service department have been spectacular. I went in yesterday to pick up the bike and they had it inside with one of the guys polishing it. The Sales and parts people are always friendly and very polite, yet personable. I am totally thrilled with the service and will not take my bike elsewhere. Just so anyone reading this knows, I don't work there, nor are any of the employees family or friends. It's all about good business. Thank you Apache MotorcyclesMichael
1	I am from California and I bought a KTM 500 EXC here in August. When I picked up the bike we were very late - 10 minutes before closing due to taking a wrong turn and rush hour traffic. So I quickly signed the papers and took delivery of the bike.  At thetime of taking delivery I noticed the rear view mirror was spinning around and since everyone was in a hurry I said I can tighten it later. When I went to tighten it both the bottom and top was stripped by the person prepping the bike. The oil was also overfilled. After I got back I noticed that they overcharged me $100. When I wrote them the check for the bike I did not see the $100 deposit deducted from credit cardso I presumed they had not done this. Instead of crediting the $100 back to my credit card as they should have they merely increased the price by $100. Since the middleof September I have called Derek many times about these issues. If I get to speak to him he always says he will take care of it. If I leave my telephone number he nevercalls back. His solution to the stripped mirror is for me to go to my "local" KTM dealer one hour from house and get a new mirror - at which point they will likely say that Istripped the mirror. Last time I called I talked to Josh who promised to call me about these issues after checking with Derek - no call ! I realize I am an out-of-area customer but I don't deserve treatment like this. I AMA CUSTOMER. I am pursuing the  matter with KTM now,  hopefully they are a bitmore interested in customer satisfaction.
5	I have several bikes and need help with the maintenance, so I must have a service outfit I can count on.  Mike, the service mgr knows me, knows my machines and always gives me good service.  I've experienced good service at the parts counter as well.  These guys are good, and are sometimes very busy.  I'll often just leave the bike and have 'em call me later.Glad they're in business.
5	I have been in 3 times now for parts and I was very impressed how helpful Aaron was. I haven't used their service department but I will. This is for sure one of the most professional and well stocked shops I have been to. I highly reccomend them.
