1	I really, really wanted to like this practice and the doctor.  She specializes in two things that have plagued me all my life - allergies and migraines.  While I did get some help from her, I went back to my primary physician as soon as my insurance changed.  The office *never* runs on time.  I'm usually called back to the room on time only to be left to stew for 30 or 40 minutes.  If I liked/trusted Dr. Harter, I could deal.  However, she spends the entire appointment typing into a computer and suggests medications that I am already on.  Hello?  You've been staring at my file the entire appointment.  How do you not see that I'm already taking xxx medication?  I am nearly a year into the allergy drops program they offer.  Unfortunately, they make me come in for an appointment every time I need a new maintenance bottle.  Having to go there just for that raises my blood pressure because I dislike it so much.
1	I visited the office for a woman's wellness exam, while the doctor was on time and appointment was smooth the staff along with the doctor were very rude, I got left in the exam room after appointment didn't know where to check out. And when I did go to checkout the office clerk was unprofessional as well, eatting carrying on personal conversations . Seems to me I came at the wrong time, during lunch seems like no one cared about what was going on. Very unprofessional and rude I won't be coming back to that mess.
1	This is a horrible doctor's office. My mother was recently treated for cancer and wanted to start with a new family doctor after her treatment was completed. She has been going through some minor issues and has gone multiple times to this physician with no help provided. Every time she goes in for an appointment the physician sits on webmd trying to diagnosis her. REALLY?!?! Did you not go to med school? Either way she sent my mother away with no treatment plan or referral to a specialist all she did was say "i don't know" come back in three weeks. I would never recommend this physician to anyone. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR HEALTH HERE. If i could give this practice zero stars I would
5	Dr Christine Harter is one of the ONLY migraine doctors in Phoenix Arizona.She does a very detailed in take on your first consultation while my experince had been that MOSTdoctors were very rude and could care less about my chronic health state.As you can see from her past yelp reviews she has recently gone through some staffing transitions in her office.It does NOT reflect the great health care she provides,as a business owner myself i understand this happens from time to time anywhere.I was ready for my standard ER trip to get a pain shot and when i called her office the very first time they took me on an emergency basis on a busy friday afternoon .Her staff was excellant about relaying messages to the doctor on my condition.I thought i was going to have a stroke any day then and she got that feeling too if i didn't get back on track,.Im now with her treatments doing so much better than i could imagine.Im writing this review for the true migraine suffer's that feel hopeless.Don't give up, keep trying different things to help.Doctor Harter is the one  you need to call,help is only a phone call away. Im so greatful to her..!On Another NOTE: Her staff had volunteered to send get well cards (a few sent little gifts as well) :)To a friend of mine who's 11 year old was shot in the head and was in the hospital for months on end..It was so kind of them to do so.The little girl was thrilled to have so much mail :)
