5	Love love looove this salon! Oh did I mention I love this salon? I have been going here since 2006 and my stylist Dianna is just amazing! She spends a lot of time on my hair and I have never been disappointed. Plus the way she does my highlights allows me to go quite a long time without going back and it will still look great. I always get complimented on my hair and have referred a few people here that now love it too! Will never ever let someone else touch my hair.
3	While on the road for several weeks I stopped by Epic Salon for a touch up.  Salon was nicely appointed and I was happy they were able to take a walk-in on the spot.  They did an OK job on my roots, but the product used (Goldwell) 'stained' my forehead and down to my ears along the hairline, which she was unable to remove. This was a bit troublesome since we had dinner with friends that evening and it was quite apparent. More troublesome was the cost....$76 for just my roots.  This is over 20% more than I pay at home in Santa Barbara.  They may charge more for services when someone is just passing through town vs. a regular client.
4	I went into this hair salon today as a recommendation from a friend. I am glad I did. Addie is one of the stylists there and she did a great job! She made sure she knew exactly what I wanted and cut it perfectly. She was very nice and I will definitely be back! No more Great Clips for me. It was only 36 dollars for a cut and style and I have really long hair. It probably would have cost me almost as much at Great clips, but I usually just have them cut it because they charge extra for "styling". I love my new hair! :)
4	I read a recent review about how great this place was, I decided to try based on this specific review.  After being butchered by another hair salon from a previous experience, I was extremely hesitant to tempt my fate but i had some serious needs of some correction to a horrible haircut. I walked in and maybe waited five minutes for a hair stylist.  Chelsea came to me, was pleasant, easy to talk with, and did magic for a mess of a cut.  She did exactly what I had asked for, creating a negative situation into a most postive one.  I say defiantely worth a try.  I know I will be going back!Chris V
5	It is near and dear to a woman when you ask about their hair.  I have been a client for many years at Epic Salon on Greenfield and Brown,  in east Mesa.  I have been devoted to Dianna who brings years of experience to the table.  I have thin hair, making it a challenge for her. I always feel as if she is listening to me, and not only helps me decide what to do, but goes the extra mile to give me options. I have her highlight my hair, and it is short due to my thin hair.  I have always had people ask me where do I get my hair done? And how cute it is, is another comment I get at work especially.  I love the salon, and all the people who work there!  Especially Dianna.
5	I've been going to Diana at Epic forever! I won't let anyone else touch my hair! I have super thick wavy hair and she always makes sure to schedule enough time with me to make sure it's perfect! I have been through every hair color and cut you can imagine with her and have always loved the result! She also did my hair and all my bridal party for my wedding; I would've only trusted her! I recommend her to everyone I know including my mom, dad and now she even cuts my 2-yr old son's hair! She is the best!
5	First time in the salon and I went to Lindsay for a cut and color and I was extremely happy with the outcome! I will definitely come back to Lindsay again!
5	Went back to Lindsay for the 2nd time and I am still a fan! She did great and is so sweet! I tell all my friends to go to her!
5	I love this salon! I have been going here for over a year now and every time I have a wonderful experience. Addie is my expert colorist that always does an amazing job. She is very thoughtful with our consultations in the beginning of the appointments and the finished results of my hair are exactly what we talked about. I highly recommend Addie!
4	I bring my kids here for their cuts. They do an excellent job with them. While I'm waiting for my 7 year old daughter, I can hear her chatting with the stylist. It's super sweet and reasonably priced. Free drinks in the lobby/waiting area.
5	I absolutely love this salon! My stylist, Mckenzie, does an amazing job every time. I usually get a partial highlight and she just started doing my extensions for me. She really takes her time to listen to what I want done and makes sure I'm happy with how everything turns out. I'm lucky to have a good reliable hairstylist that's close! feel like they are reasonably priced and it is pretty easy to book an appointment. I like the products they use and the overall atmosphere of the salon. Sometimes it can get really warm temperature wise during the summer but other than that I highly recommend this place.
