5	I really dig popcorn and especially good popcorn -- the movie theatre variety especially. However, when you start churning out varieties to the tune of Dill Pickle, Sour Patch Kids, BBQ, and pretty much any other flavor you could fathom, I'm bound to get sucked in. The staff was so cool and gave me samples of pretty much anything I wanted to try or that they recommended. It's an experience and you'll more than likely walk out with flavors you didn't expect to try....or even knew existed. My favorite, still to this day, is the Dill Pickle. It's perky and matches the flavor name rather well. A nice change from the same old plain or buttered/salted varieties. They have a few different sizes to choose from. All are really affordable and would work perfectly for a potluck dinner or cookout. Or whatever. Hell, I'd just buy a bag to celebrate whatever day of the week it was. So. Good. Can't wait to come back and pick out some new savory flavors.
5	I love this place!  I'm a die-hard popcorn fan so Tastebuds is right up my alley!  I've been to Tastebuds 4 times and there have been different staff members there every time, BUT the service is always consistently great.  I have also met the owner a couple of times and he is such a nice guy!  He takes great pride in his store, his staff, his service, and his product...and the end results for all are excellent.  They have a tremendous variety of flavors (200+!!) so the selection process isn't an easy one!  From savory to sweet, they have it all.  The good news is...they give samples to help you decide.  They also have all natural sodas that are delicious.  My 15yo son loves Root Beer and he swears that their bottled root beer is the best he has ever had.  So whether your in the mood for Dill Pickles, Beer, or Kit Kats...they have a popcorn flavor to satisfy your craving!Visit Tastebuds, but be sure to bring your sense of adventure and plan on some time.  Your Tastebuds experience shouldn't be rushed!  :-)
5	Wow...a wall of popcorn! Stopped in to pick up some popcorn for a teen party. After getting our allowed amount of samples, we decided on a savory taste over sweet as the party most likely would have other sweet treats. The young lady behind the counter suggested buffalo with blue cheese. Yum! We got a large bag of buffalo and a medium of the blue cheese. A little pricy for popcorn but it was tasty and I needed something quick to take.We mixed the flavors at home and put them in individual bags. Teen party=sweaty kids. Didn't think anyone would be washing hands so I could just picture grimy hands digging through a big bowl of popcorn...ewww! Glad I did. About half the popcorn came home. Too spicy for those soft kids. Oh well, my daughter and I had a weeks worth of delicious, spicy popcorn snacks. I could go for some right now!
3	You have a lot of varieties to choose from.Taste is good but expensive.I live next door and I strongly recommend them to work on a plan so that the whole  neighborhood knows about them and the business improves automatically.
1	Not impressed at all. Popcorn is sold in plastic storage tubs and is expensive. Not even freshly popped on site!
