4	Cool Cuts was recommended to me by another Mom.  I have been coming here ever since.  My son got his first hair cut here.  They put some locks of his hair in a bag, took a picture and put it all in a keepsake type holder.  It was nice to have it all there for his baby book.  My twin girls go here now too.  Everyone is always so nice and patient when some of the kids are upset.  Everyone really seems to love kids and their job.  We always ask for Bev.  She is the best!  They take walk-ins or you can make an appt.  You do have to wait a little sometimes, with or without an appt.  That can be frustrating when you have an appt but Bev is worth it.  I have had another girl when we came as a walk in once and Bev was off.  She did a great job also.  They have regular chairs with boosters and they also have car chairs for the little ones.  All the hair stations have tv's with movies or video games for the kids.  There is also a play area with tv, train table and toys to play with while they wait.  Sign up for their club card.  Its free and you get coupons in the mail and earn points with every haircut.  Having 3 kids it really adds up.
2	I wanted to wait to review this because we have only been here a few times.  I have to say this is a hard place to review.  I say this because when we go everyone so nice and friendly.  I say this because they are cutting kids hair all day and I am willing to bet most of the kids freak out in the chair.  So, getting back to it.  We had my daughter's hair trimmed when she was about 1 year old.  It was her first haircut and they gave her a certificate at the end.  Let's fast forward about 2 years.  Yes, we didn't touch her hair for 2 years and it was really long.  With summer approaching we decided to chop it all off.  My wife really wanted to get her hair cut because it tangled so easy and my daughter would always cry.  So we were off on a Friday evening after work.  The place closes at 7:30 and we arrived at about 6:50.  I was worried because there were 4 kids in front of us. We were the last ones to get a a cut and the ladies were actually ok with the fact that they would probably be there after 7:30.  We ended up leaving at about 7:40 so it wasn't too bad.  Let's recap,  the service is friendly and we weren't waiting too long. I have to say this is a tough gig for them though.  When we left my wife noticed some stray hairs and the lady was happy to fix real quick.  Over the course of the weekend she kept noticed more hairs that were missed.  This wasn't a cheap haircut so we were bummed out.  You have to go into this place with lower expectations because you are paying for place designed to entertain kids as they get their hair cut.  I wish I could give it more starts but I hear there are better places out there to get your kid's hair cut.  Cheers!
4	This is the only place I bring my son for his haircuts. He hates them, but Cool Cuts does an awesome job!Every employee we've had here has been great with my son, who cries and puts up a fuss whenever it's time for his haircut. However, they're always patient, gentle, and calm to try make it the best experience possible. My son doesn't make their job easy, but they still give him a thoroughly good cut so he looks good!Even though my son is too occupied to appreciate it, I do love that they have TV and entertainment for kids of all ages, from a huge library of toddler movies and shows, to the game systems the older kids can play. I think it definitely makes the haircut experience much more fun for them.I think the only complaint I have is it's pretty pricey for a kid's haircut. I don't mind, usually, since they always do a great job comforting my son, which is more important to me. When paying at the last visit, I knew I had missed a coupon they had emailed. They gave me the deal anyway. Sweet! Thank you :)I'll be back next time. With my screaming son :-/
3	I took my son here for his first haircut a few years ago and have been taking him here ever since.  I have to admit, for a child's haircut it is pretty pricey $18; however it is very kid friendly.  On one side the seats are made of cars  and on the other side(for the lil' ones) and on te other side it's a regular salon chair with a booster for the big kids.  Both sides have a television where children can either watch a DVD (of their choice) or play a video game (of their choice).  The concept is wonderful, expecially for those kids who have a hard time getting their haircuts and need some distraction.  My tip would be to arrive early or come during the week as the weekends tend to be packed with screaming kiddies ;).  Get a cool cuts card as they send $3 off coupons to your email which is based on a point system.
1	Horrible service , you sit and wait and then they don't tell you that they have people in front of you that are on a reservation list.
1	I have taken my son there for three haircuts and will never return. The first was a good job and his first haircut. The second not as good but was ok as he was a little active. Both times a nice blond haired, glasses, lady did the cut. The last time there I think her name was Bev, African American lady, very pleasant, but butchered my son. A month later and his hair still is uneven throughout. The bangs were crooked, had long strands of hair she missed, overall it was terrible. I called both the salon and their corporate headquarters and got no response from anyone. If you do go to this location, beware about who cuts your child's hair. I will not return as it is obvious there are no quality control standards by their lack of follow on my complaint.
4	My son is 4 and as embarassing to say, i have only been to a kid salon twice his entire life. His father always cuts his hair for him so I never really bothered to go to a professional before.My first one was in San Diego. It's called Pigtails and CrewCuts. The place was nice and i loved the whole decor. Being in a pricey complex, it was actually inside a park with a golf course and fancy boutiques, we only paid 15$ for a simple haircut and the gave us one of those patron cards where you get the 10th haircut for free.So my expectations were a little high even before i went to Cool Cuts For Kids.CC4K was actually decent. The decor was presentable but not all fancy. Not that it needed to be, but it got everything you would expect in a salon. It has a little play area and a waiting/sitting area as well.The lady that cut my son's hair ( short and blonde chick), i really liked her. She was careful and precise. I also liked how she asked if my son prefers a movie or videogame. My son really enjoyed his  time playing while getting his hair cut. Im pretty sure he wished it would have taken longer. LOLWhy I gave it 4 stars? It's because the haircut was pricey. $17 plus for a haircut plus I have to drive 18 miles to Henderson from Summerlin to get to the place.  No complains about the business, i just wished they would have more locations throughout LV.
5	I just brought my son here for the second time to see Beverly. She is an amazing barber. My son just loves her & the video games he gets to play while she works her magic. It is well worth the price. I will only bring him to her from now on.
4	Our son turns 1 in a few days and was starting to look like the fifth Beatle, so we decided it was past time for a haircut.  I've cut his hair a couple times with my clippers, but he won't keep his head still, so I figured it might be better to let a professional try before his birthday pictures.  My wife heard about this place from a friend, so we decided to check it out.  It was AWESOME.  The waiting area has Legos and train sets for younger kids, and several stations of video games for the older ones.  For the younger kids, the chair is designed to look like a tiny taxi, which I thought was cute.  We made a 2:00 appointment, and when we arrived, we were taken straight back with no waiting.He was WAY past his nap time, and had been fussy for most of the morning, so we were a bit worried about what would happen when he got in the chair, and sure enough, it was time for a tantrum,  As soon as she touched his head, he cried and screamed and thrashed about.  Our stylist was Bev, who took it in stride, and managed to give him a very stylish cut despite his tantrum.  She was very patient and gentle with him, and the friendly smile never left her face.  She also managed to do it without cutting him, which I thought was pretty amazing considering his thrashing.It was about $20 for the cut, and though that's a bit pricey for a kid cut, I think it was well worth it for the service and the unique setup.  My only advice is to make sure you have an appointment, because they take the appointments before walk-ins.
5	My 23 month old hates haircuts and I am always dreading taking him to get them done. I decided to pay the extra money and take him to a kids place and it was so worth it!!! Beverly was his barber and she was so good with him. My son, who is usually crying actually sat still while she quickly cut his hair because he was able to watch Mickey Mouse and play with bubbles. It was such a great experience and Beverly was awesome!! Thank you!
2	We wanted a fun cut with some color, and selected three colored tinsel strands. I asked becky at the end where are the color strands; she said "They're in there" but they weren't.  Instead she put a couple colored clips in her hair, which were uncomfortable and had to be removed.  The cut itself was very basic: just bangs, plus one little braid, for $50.
5	I have been bringing my son here since his first haircut. On his first visit/haircut, they took a pic and gave me a free frame to go with it for his baby book at no charge. They are awesome with kids. kids sit in Little cars and have TV monitors right in front of each car playing a movie so they can relax and divert their attention while getting a haircut. The stylists change often but each time they do such a good job cutting his hair just like the last. I highly recommend this for all kids.
5	Came here today to get my sons hair cut. The woman who helped me was Rebecca. She was AMAZING! I could put more stars if I could!! This is the only place I'll come to get my sons hair cut.Thanks so much Rebecca!
