3	Sourcing nearly everything from France: Henris French food and wines can at least lay claim to some of the most authentic French deli produce available in the Morningside area of Edinburgh.  Having arrived there quite late in the day the freshly baked bread was scarcely available from the wicker baskets, but alas the cheeses where there for me to try! Sampling the Rogallais Montagne (a creamy and rich beast of a cheese) and taking more than my fair share of the Counta (a type of hard cheese with a fine lasting taste) I was pleasantly surprised (I usually associate French cheeses with the smelly, gooey texture of a Camembert). They stock a sizeable selection of wines too of which I spotted a pretty cheap Chablis on offer. Specialist deli's are not the cheapest, and neither is this one, but as cheeses develop flavour with age its just a matter of time before your penny stack rises and you can purchase some of Henri's produce.
3	Henri's French Food and Wines is an expensive delicatessen in Morningside which (obviously) specialises in sourcing only French produce.  The shop front looks inviting and the owner is pleasant and offers all the advise she can about the various cheeses, biscuits, wines, cold meats olives which are on offer.  I know next to nothing about wine, yet it is clear that Henri's is well stocked in it with a wide variety of vintage reds, whites and desert wines.  They also have an impressive and eclectic display of cheeses ranging from hard, mature cheddars to soft, sticky camemberts.  As I mentioned above, the quality of the food means it has a price tag to match.  Further, in my opinion, it doesn't really make sense to be buying French ham in Edinburgh when there's meat of the same standard being produced within a fifty mile radius.  And cheaper.
3	Edinburgh has many delis. If you after your kalamata olives or extra virgin olive oil, or French cheese flown directly over, you have many choices. Henri's French Food is one of those places. Nothing really makes it pop, but walking in you can sort of forget you are in Scotland, but at a local brasserie in Paris stocking up. Until you see the pound sign and the number next to it. The girl at the cashier was very helpful and I got some cheeses for a special dinner, but I don't think I would come to shop here just for the sake it stocks goodies from France, and certainly not for any other reason other than a special occasion or for a gift.
4	Happiness, happiness is a baguette, that you possess... well, a sun dried tomato loaf of deliciousness. Bread should have character, and supporting flavour to any dish - slicing bread just defies that concept. But Henri's stocks some marvelous carbs. The rest of it's offerings I have to admit, left me a little cold, but when you have bread like Henri's, what more do you want?
4	Only been in here once and I am impressed. Had lots of salamis and cheese and other goodies. Was also able to find Quail eggs here which I have used before when I worked in the culinary field. ( Sunny side up quail eggs on a salad with a lemon vinaigrette ) The staff was super friendly and I had a good chat about where they get their goods from. Its imported or comes from local sources. My kind of shop! I will come back again when I am in the area but I recommend going here for all your french food needs in your kitchen. I believe they have pastries as well but I cannot confirm that. Anyways go here folks great little french shop!
