4	Mo' Burger is a casual fast style burger join located in the Arizona Mills food court, operated by Villa Enterprises (Villa Pizza). Since beer (tap & bottles) and wine are served here, there is a shared dedicated self serve seating area for Mo' Burger and Villa Italian Kitchen customers, no alcoholic drinks can leave this area. There is also counter seating with two flat screen TVs above the kitchen area window.The menu offerings include single, double & triple hamburgers and cheeseburgers (American, cheddar, pepperjack or Swiss) served on choice of potato or everything bun, fresh cut fries, onion rings, wings, fried portobello mushrooms, nachos, Pepsi fountain drinks, (self serve), and desserts (frozen custard, piecretes (pie slices with frozen custard), shakes). The burgers are made with fresh not frozen certified angus beef. This burger place sort of reminds me of the Union Burger chain, locations mostly in Ontario, Canada, though that chain also offers chicken sandwiches and veggie burgers.While shopping at Arizona Mills, I stopped for a lunch break in the food court. I decided on Mo' Burger. I ordered a single burger ($3.65) on an everything bun (onion, sesame, poppyseed) topped with lettuce, tomato, pickles, fried onion straws, & chipotle ketchup (no charge for those toppings) and I also made a combo (add $3.19) with fries and med fountain drink. The food was prepared to order and ready in about 7 minutes.The food I had was quite good. The single burger patty was cooked well done (slight dry), which the fresh flavors of the beef and toppings and soft chewy bun went well together. The shoestring fresh cut fries were crisp and a bit greasy. Overall, a pretty good burger lunch in a food court.
1	Mo burger looked so good from a distance the place physically is great tv's and plugs for your phone. Then the food came, I ordered a single mo burger not knowing how big it would actually be and when they brought it out it was TINY. When I mean tiny I mean it was half the size of a kids cheeseburger at mc donalds. I would have been embarrassed to serve that to an adult its a tiny tiny burger. it literally took 3 bites to eat. Maybe it was half the size of a white castle burger. All three bites were fine but for the price of the meal around 10 bucks with a drink and fries it was the WORST burger I have ever had and I have had thousands. I would advise anyone walking by this place keep walking go to johnny rockets it cant be any worse than this was. I even complained to the girl working there how small the burger was and she didn't seem to care. AVOID AT ALL COSTS if you want to eat and not be hungry when you leave.
2	First and last time here. Spent almost $10 on burger, fries and drink and didn't even come close to filling me up! The food took awhile to come out and the fries were cold!!
2	Cold unseasoned French fries, flavorless burgers, overly priced for what is being offered. No thanks. Never again. One and done. But the setup is a nice idea.
4	I read some negative comments about this place, the burger being flavorless and small? Came here to shop and got hungry, the mall was closing and this place looked good. We got the Mo Burger. I split it with my sister, big mistake, it was so good and flavorful, we both wished we ordered a whole one. The size is good and the flavor was great! If our shopping and hungry, I say you stop here. I wish there was more locations, since I love north Scottsdale and closer to me. I will definitely be coming back!
1	I ordered a fry and a beer before a movie. I got the worst looking and worst tasting fries i have ever seen. A person next to me received there fries and they looked delicious. Thank you giving me the bottom of the barrel. I realize this is only a review of the fries and service but it sucked. I am never coming back.
3	It's ok, but not great. You can get a good burger, better than McDonald's,  but not great. I ordered the Mo Bacon. I ordered grilled onions, $1 extra for that. Burger was $6.95 plus $1. They put regular onion slices, ungrilled, and put the grilled onions in between the patties. That was weird,  never had that before. The burger appeared a little sloppy. They could have done better with the presentation.  Taste was average for a high priced burger, I actually like the Carl's Jr. Super Star better. I don't like the crazy hustle and bustle of the mall. I prefer a more laid back atmosphere and less people...It's like eating in a football stadium. Fries were $2.69 and onion rings $3.69, and portion sizes were small to medium size, nothing worth that price.I probably won't go back with so many other choices. For example,  try Lobby's Burger on McClintock and Southern in Tempe.
1	The food did not taste good and the service wasn't good at all and it was the longest wait! And the manager toughed the trash and the trash cans then touched cleaning supplies then started touching peoples food without washing her hands! And she wasnt wearing gloves! This was the worst burger I have ever had! Atleast the manager didn't touch my food!
5	Best burger I have had in a very long time.  The entire food court was redone.  Lots of good selections.  We tried Mo Burger and are coming back soon.  Had the Mo Crunch....mmmm Doritos and guacamole.....mmmm
4	Was very hungry after a movie! This place isn't gourmet or anything but was really good for a burger! Very juicy plus the cashier was really sweet!
4	I can't give it 5 stars, because I haven't ever ordered a burger which seems to be their "item". With that being said I think this is a great place to stop by and get a snack before/after a movie. We stop often to grab a nacho and fry to share - both are yummy. For under $10 we can get that and two drinks (which are refillable if you sit in the section by the restaurant. I see lots of people with NFL jerseys there on the weekends as they play the games.
1	Lol! What a joke paid $6 for a tiny burger paid $2 for small fries that were crusty and old,  then I paid 97 cent upgrade for order of onion rings so almost $4 lol,  4 thin pieces barely any onion just batter.  Lol I spent $20 for a tease I'll never eat there I wish Chef Ramsey from kitchen nightmares would eat there lol.  What a joke cheap skates!! Not good business after given me day old fries made me pay to get fresh onion rings only to get 4 slivers for $4. crazy how cheap this world has come too.  The place makes it look like some real American food false advertisement! Lol The owner should be ashamed
2	Though I realize the holidays is a stressful and busy time, quality customer service, even mediocre is necessary. The management is a grumpy Scrooge of a fellow. He gave glaring looks at most of the guests and clearly hated life... And his job. If you're planning on eating here, think twice.The two stars are for the hard working employees sweating away in front of the grill. Kudos for their hard work and patience to work with a Scrooge.
1	The food is tasteless because this fucking awful ass , stingy ass manger is not giving the customers the opportunity to get the. Condiment they need instead this greedy motherfucker got them station behind the counter were he can tell customer if they need extra go to the line where u will be charge . I bet he would charge for refill had the despisers been station behind the counter and not in the front , complete horrible service. He hates his job and it shows . First time here Last time here fucking jerks
1	Kitchen staff was not wearing gloves. They were rotating between cleaning and preparing food without washing their hands. They also had a fowl mouth and was swearing so loud you can. Hear them at the counter. I tried to speak with the manager but he dismissed my concerns. The only helpful and amazing individual that was helpful was the young lady who ran the  cash register.
