2	About a year ago I noticed Tusitalla advertising stone baked pizzas.  I love a good thin crust stone baked pizza so pestered The Man about trying it for aaaaaaages.  It would be perfect - we could get pizza and beer and then walk home.Better in theory than in practice.Because we were just getting pizzas we opted to eat in the bar.  In the dingy, cool when it was the 70s, in desperate need of a makeover, bar.We ordered two pizzas (or "pizza's" as per the menu), one off each of the pizza menus.  We were expecting one to be a medium crust and one thin crust because why else would there be two pizza menus?  We were wrong.  The only difference was the actual shape of the pizza, seriously.  And was it REALLY served on a "mahogany board" as per the menu?  I expect not, but honestly why even advertise that?  Who cares?  We ordered one that was called something like "fire and smoke" which was meant to be spicy pepperoni with a spicy sauce and jalapenos.  It was a normal pepperoni pizza with a few jalapeno slices.  I think the other one we ordered was meant to have artichoke hearts but again, there were so few I hardly recall having one.  So our big tasty plan turned out to be a bust.  We could have made better pizzas at home, eaten them in a nicer environment with better drinks at a fraction of the cost.  Boo.
2	I have been here a few times before with the kids and it has been on the whole not a bad experience. I went recently with friends and well, not majorly impressed so maybe a 3 is generous. I opted for the parmigiana, which to me was good but very liquidy. The main downer however was of all things the starter which was olives and bread. How can you go wrong with olives and bread you may ask. Well , the way I would do it would be a vinaigrette with balsamic vinegar and olive oil, as green as it comes. The way it was served was a vinaigrette with balsamic vinegar and erm sunflower oil. Not sure whether this was a cost consideration but I believe it was as there was half a cup full of oil which is not best for dipping.Cardinal sin of dipping.Not sure I'll be going back
