4	The Westcliff Airport Express is a new commuter express line the RTC launched December 2010. This is the first express bus service in and out of the airport in Las Vegas, you can catch the bus at Ground Level Zero. From McCarran, the bus goes directly to The Strip at Tropicana, hops on the freeway and then goes straight to Downtown Las Vegas/Fremont Street. If you are a local like me then this is really nice because from downtown you can ride directly to Summerlin with no stops in-between or switch to the Centennial Express and head up to the NW edge of town off Durango and US-95. In my opinion, this service is FAR easier to deal with than all the overpriced cabs and lame airport shuttles. You can catch the Westcliff Airport Express for just 2 bucks one way, $3 for a two hour pass, or $5 for an all day pass. Anytime I head to or from the airport I always leave my car at the Centennial Hills Park & Ride and take this express service down, it's easy, fast and ecomomical. For more information on this route just check Google Maps on your phone and tap theblue bus icon, call (702)228-7433, or go to rtcsnv.com
5	I LOVE THIS BUS!I am soooo happy this is available! I live right down the street so I just take this bus when we fly! Its only 2$ for one trip or 5$ for 24hr pass! I sometimes take this bus to Vegas StrEATS bc its super convenient! If you ride this bus and bring your car they let you leave it there during your trip! Talk about saving money! It is usually there every hour about 10-15mins past it. it runs all day and night. It stops at Fremont, the Bonneville transfer, the outlet mall, and Tropicana. Its super easy to use and it takes about an hour to get to level zero at the airport.We are going to Colorado next week and we will def be taking this baby to the airport and back!
5	This is more a review of the public transportation system in general in Las Vegas.Definitely take the Westcliff Express bus to and from the airport. 24 hour unlimited tickets for public transportation in Las Vegas are only $7, with passes good for longer stays also available. A shuttle to and from the airport will cost you $18 roundtrip. Just buy a public transportation pass. The buses are roomy, and some of them are double-decker style. They service most hotels and areas of the city.The drivers I had were fantastic. Very friendly and great ambassadors for the city.
4	Wow.... I didn't realize what a great deal this was.  It is mch easier and cheaper to get to downtown from the South strip than the more expensive Downtown/Strip Express bus. The WAC is only $2 vs. the multiple stopping RTC at $5 vs. taxi for about $20.  The WAC picks up right next to the NY/NY on Tropicana Blvd going west.  It then gets on the freeway and heads downtown... and stops along the way by the courthouse and other buildings before dropping you a block from Fremont.  Definitely worth it.  Pickup your return trip in front of Binions.  Have fun.
4	WAX is my favorite method of transport when I stay at the south side of The Strip. You can catch it on the corner of Tropicana & Las Vegas Boulevard (in front of Tropicana hotel) to go back to the airport.The fare is only $2!!!!!It's a less than 10 minutes ride to go to the airport. The only downside is when you waited for it at the Tropicana's bus stop, there's only 2 seats available to sit on. You will most likely standing up and hope for it not to be late. Still, I'm a big fan of WAX.
5	I LOVE WAX!If you are travelling to Vegas for a weekend, I highly recommend WAX. Of course, if you are from Europe and have 5 bags with you, you should probably consider a taxi. Not that there are not enough room on the bus, it is just more convenient to drag around your luggages. But just for the record in my own experience, nobody really takes this bus to/from the airpot so it is ALWAYS empty. I never had to stand up.It is 10 minutes from the Strip and probably 30 minutes from downtown Vegas. Super convenient. I was going to buy a 3-day pass from the airport like I would normally do from a bus stop ticket machine. However, they only offer 2-hour and 24-hour pass ($8) here at the ticket machine. WAX runs on each hour but other buses run more frequently. You can also pay for one trip only for $2. Also, they take credit card ONLY at the ticket machine. You can also pay with cash once you are on the bus.
5	The cheapest, and fastest way to get to the North Premium Outlets and the Airport. If you're staying on the South side of the strip, you can catch the bus in front of NY NY on Tropicana Avenue Westbound, for the outlets, and Eastbound in front of the Tropicana resort. $2 each way, in exact change only (NO DOLLAR BILLS), is very cheap compared to taking a more expensive bus, taxi, or even a airport shuttle. When you get on the bus, tell the driver where you're going before paying your $2. You also have to press the "stop button" when you're close to your next stop in case the driver decides to drive past it. During the times I boarded, it wasn't that crowded, and I was able to sit down in both ways, but be prepared to stand just in case all the seats are filled.Cheers!
4	I used to live walking distance from the Westcliff Transit Center, and I was amazed when I found out you could get from my house to the airport for $2.  Used the WAX bus every time I went to the airport from then on.  Pretty handy if you're going to the south strip or downtown as well.Wish the buses came more often and went 24 hours.  Other than that, no complaints!
5	Quick, simple & cheap.
4	If you're staying Downtown or at the south end of the strip (MGM, Excalibur, NYNY), this bus is the fastest and cheapest option.  Mostly full of locals, I don't think the secret has caught on.  I'm a fan!
5	For so many years I've been going from McCarran to downtown in only one of three ways. Limo, taxi, or rental car. I'd heard about the bus, but never considered taking it downtown. So when I heard the WAX only charged two bucks to take you from the airport all the way down to Fremont Street, I was skeptical to say the least. But it's legit. For less than the price of one dish of Golden Gate shrimp cocktail, you get timely and comfortable service from LAS to FSE.It's quick and easy to find, right outside baggage claim on the lower level. Same place you'd get your limo, if you reserved one. Just walk a little farther across the street towards the parking garage. You'll see the bus parking spots. Head off to your right and you'll see signs.The WAX is a nice, clean, and spacious bus. Typical RTC transit vehicle. Just picture what you ride on from the McCarran Rental Car Center and you won't be surprised. And at $2 for a one-way trip all the way downtown, at almost the same speed as a taxi, it simply can't be beat.And here's a little secret. Once aboard the bus, head way to the back to either the extreme right or left. There, you'll find a secret luggage stashing area (see photo). Just behind the perpendicular-facing seats in front of you is a space large enough for almost any carry on luggage. I was able to easily fit my entire roller bag behind there.There you go. A special tip just for you. No charge.I was almost alone on the bus at 6:00 pm on a Sunday evening. And it doesn't make too many stops. You just pick up a few tweakers near NY NY, hop onto I-15, then a few more stops near the Outlet Mall up north, and you're suddenly downtown.The WAX drops you off at a very convenient location, at 4th and Carson (directly across from The D's main entrance). From there, it's an easy walk anywhere on Fremont. There really is only one disadvantage to this way of travel. Departure times. You have to time them just right. The bus only departs about once per hour, every hour. Other than that, this is the way to go.I may not take my date this way as she looks best in a limo. But if I'm alone, it's the WAX all the way.
5	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmWl7vQMWgE&list=UUjAoJhFmDjVudBLy63qNVlg (youtube video)Take the WAX!The first time I went to Vegas, I was told that the only way to get to the strip from the airport was by one of those the airport shuttle. It was such a terrible experience there's got to be a better way. On my way back to the airport I ask the hotel concierge how to get back to the airport by public transportation, the concierge promptly told me, "there are no public transportation to the airport, but I can book you on a shuttle service", to which I reply, "how does the local get to the airport". Concierge "They take the shuttle too". me "so they have to take the bus to your hotel so they can transfer to an airport shuttle?", Concierge; "... yes. " to which I reply, "your are nuts". Obviously, the concierge get a kick back from the shuttle companies, that's why a 1 mile trip cost like 17 dollars. (last time I check) I was just so disappointed that a professional who's job is to provide information would so blatantly lie to the people whom they were paid to serve.And so I was determined to find a public transportation alternative, then share it with everybody I know. The WAX bus picks up at the regular bus terminal at the airport. It is not obviously, you have to find the public transportation sign on the side of the airport and walk like 100 yards to the bus stop. I think they purposely did that to keep it separate from the shuttle area so people like me won't accidentally discover a way to take the bus.  My destination was the MGM grand, so it dropped me off right at the entrance. It is a little bit of a walk into the hotel because I underestimated the size of buildings in Vegas, but trust me, the satisfaction you get from saving money is well worth the effort. I stayed at Fremont street downtown area on my way back, and the pick up was simple and the ride was smooth. The bus ticket was 2.50 but if you have the deuce bus pass it won't cost anymore. Plus you don't have to tip the driver. What more can you ask for? It took me directly to the airport. It is a lot faster than the shuttle, if you are taking the shuttle it will pick up passengers from other hotels, with waiting and luggage loading time it takes over an hour from any strip or downtown hotel, with WAX it was like 15 minutes or so from downtown to airport. I would go on a rant about why I hate airport shuttle but this review is for WAX bus and it has all my stars rating and would definitely repeat.
5	Door to door from the airport to my downtown hotel for $2. Didn't even break a sweat. The driver was helpful. The bus was clean and efficient. Don't waste money on taxis!
4	Cheap and convenient service. I had a 7 hour lay over and decided to go on the strip. Stored my things in a locker and went to find the bus station.  It was not easy to find despite all the directions from other Yelpers. I'm all about specifics ... You need to go to level zero to find the bus from Main terminal baggage claim. It's not on level 1 where most shuttles and car services are at. Once you exit go right and you should see bus sign. I opted for WAX Bus (Northbound) to get to Strip. Exited bus at Tropicana.  The public buses in Las Vegas are nice, air conditioned and only $2 for one way. The WAX bus to and from Mccarran is an express and only runs once and hour.
5	My fellow yelpers...it only cost me and my gf $8 round trip from McCarron airport/NYNY. This is by far the cheapest way to get to the south end of the strip: NYNY, MGM grand, tropicana, Excalibur, Mandalay bay, etc. My advise to those flying to vegas and staying on the sound end...take the WAX and don't pay the miserable costs for a taxi or shuttle!! I followed directions from other WAX reviewers and they were right on the money! My advise is for you to look up the bus schedule: http://www.rtcsnv.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/AirportBrochure_0114_24x11.pdf. Just a $2 ride :)
5	The best and easiest option when you are getting to the strip! You can get to the stop from either terminal 1 or 3. But terminal 1 is the easiest since it stops there anyway.Wait till you get on the bus to pay and it'll be only $2/person. It came on time and it was a quick and easy ride. We took it to New York and it dropped us literally right in front of it. It was only the second stop, also. Easy peasy. There's no other way to go except northbound, so that's the one you want to take to get to the strip. Northbound/Westbound will take you all the way to the end of the strip and I believe it even goes to downtown. Take this bus instead of another shuttle or a taxi. It will save you a serious amount of time and money!
5	We used to pay the $30-40 for the shuttle bus to the hotel from the airport.  The "wax" is only $2! There's like a thousand reviews on here explaining how to use the bus, so I'm not going to... But I do recommend its use.  I would suggest you plan out where to get on and off the bus before your trip.  Seems like common sense, but we skipped that part until we were there and facing the dilemma.  Thank God for smartphones and the internet!
