1	This company's Las Vegas office is staffed by incompetents and thieves.  We were shown one RV and rented a different one...at the same price as the first; they didn't remember to send us off with a sewage hose and left the drainage valve open; they didn't clean the fridge...we were first timers and didn't even know the difference.  We do now!They also have a "leave it/lose it" policy on stuff left in the RV when you turn it in.  In other words, if you leave it, they take it.  We left 4 camp chairs in the understorage and 24 hours later, when we called to reclaim them, only 1 was found.  Now, the smart thief takes all 4 so no trace is left, but they took the three adult chairs and left the kid size chair...so we know we packed them.Then, adding insult to injury, they don't take customer complaint calls at their customer service phone line...instead, they steer you to a recorded message that tells you how to complain by mail or on their website...which will take up to 60 days to follow up on.I will not go away that easily...trust me
1	Rented an RV for Burning Man....  we cleaned the RV thoroughly, then cleaned it again even more thoroughly at the drop off point and allowed them to inspect and reinspect after we cleaned.  Sure there was a little dirt.  No problems with the $200 cleaning charge.  the PROBLEM is the attitude.  You know what they said?  "If you arent happy with that cleaning charge, we will charge you $1,000!"  Really?  Is that what you will do?  Not based on the condition of the RV but your own bitter attitude?  ooof...  not very good customer service.  We werent even complaining about the $200!  Good luck to you, El Monte, Las Vegas.
4	We just came back from a six day rental of a 31 foot RV from El Monte. I called their 800 for general information and the woman that answered was very knowledgeable. She highlighted the best options for us and I made reservations on the first call. Prior to arriving in Vegas I called the local office to make sure we were all set. They were very professional. When we arrived we had to wait 90 minutes for a shuttle ride (why I gave them four stars). Once they picked us up it was smooth sailing. Tim pushed us through the paperwork, the training video and the actual walk through of our RV. We received a 2011 RV with 20k miles. It was in very good shape and all the equipment worked perfectly throughout our trip. When we returned the equipment it took about 20 minutes for the whole process and we incurred no additional fees.Couple of points on the RV itself - the "queen" bed is not really a queen size and the mattress is a very cheap spring mattress (El Monte just delivers what the manufacturer offers - but they should upgrade that mattress). The rest of the beds are foam mattresses and are much more comfortable. El Monte offered unlimited generator time for free - this is very important if you are out in the desert West - when you are not plugged in you can still keep the whole trailer cool. Many rental places charge for the number of hours the generator runs.We plan on renting again from El Monte.
5	We just got back from a one week 22ish foot RV trip out of Las Vegas to the SW Utah national parks. Our experience with El Monte from start to finish was fabulous. I booked directly with them rather than online and got the less expensive rate since the per mile rate and free miles were better as was the customer service. We got a 2013 model which was sparkly clean and in great running order. The video briefing and explanatory walk through was very helpful (this is our second rental ever). Sandra was our friendly helper, both on the phone and in person. She greeted us with a smile and outfitted us with all our needs for the trip, down to the coffee pot, toaster and lots of warm blankets for the high altitude cold weather. The customer service was extremely friendly, relaxed and accomodating from start to finish from everyone. The rig drove great with the exception of the passenger mirror which did not hold in place (we told them about it afterward and they were appreciative). Everything was in great working order and it was comfortable for our family 3 person family. We forgot some things in the RV and when I called the next day after we flew home to WA state, Sandra went right out to the RV and found exactly what we had forgotten, and then I spoke to Charles (the very friendly gentleman who shuttled us to the airport)---who remembered us from the day before and then said he would personally ship the stuff to us at no cost. We would definitely rent from them again.
5	El Monte used to be amazing and I'm giving them a five star rating because they still have the best inventory. You can't find a Class A vehicle at their competitors. This being said, service used to be stellar and has gone downhill in recent years. Still, it remains the best in comparison to the alternatives and you will save quite a bit as opposed to purchasing your own and having to maintain it.
3	Rented a 25 footer that had electrical difficulties on three occasions over a ten day trip.  Luckily their help desk personnel were fabulous in getting a service technician out to remote national parks to try to fix the problem.  Unfortunately the rig had been improperly serviced before and the problem persisted.  It was disappointing the rig was put on the road but once we got the battery problem solved our experience was quite good.  I would rent again but would try to get a newer vehicle (ours had 98,000 miles) and try to verify the condition.
5	We rented an RV for the first time ever and El Monte RV did a wonderful job! Now we're hooked! There are so many positive things I'd like to mention that I'm not sure where to begin? The overall process to rent an RV was much easier than we expected and much more affordable than we anticipated.  The staff were very helpful in explaining everything and going over the paper work and contract. For familiarization to the RV, they have an online instructional video as well as an instructional manual to take with you for any technical operational reference, including a helpline and roadside assistance if needed. It makes you feel reassured in the event of the unexpected.  The RV itself was probably a 2010 model and was well maintained.  Everything worked flawlessly except for a circuit breaker that needed to be reset. It was so convenient having everything at your fingertips;  a fridge, stove, oven, a/c, microwave,  bathroom with shower,  a bed, generator,  etc. This is definitely the way to travel!  Plus, they are Pet Friendly,  thus making our trip even more memorable by allowing our fur kids to come along and not have to board them! In summary, we thoroughly enjoyed our RV vacation and want to thank El Monte for helping out with a wonderful trip!
