5	I hired Jacked Ice as bartenders for my New Year's Eve party. They were on time, professional, prepared and ensured all of my guests' beverage needs were handled.  They went above and beyond by suggesting new and fun drinks for guests. I highly recommend them for everything from weddings to kids parties, Christmas galas to birthdays and reunions - they are sure to be able to handle it all and at a reasonable price.
5	Great presentations on the yelp event ! Snow cones with Tito's vodka were very delicious. The two gentlemen who worked the booth were very sweet, fast & know how to make a drink! I would recommend their services to anyone, love the idea of refreshing snow cones with booze! Hopefully I will have a party soon! Great job! :)
5	Jacked Ice was absolutely wonderful! They worked our engagement party and were super friendly and outgoing which helped make our event a success. Devin was great to work with. Any questions I had he answered without hesitation and within the day. I highly recommend them for any events...Plus their shaved ice is a HUGE hit with a crowd!
5	They had me at shaved ice.  Love the stuff.  When I found out they do it with booze I was sold.   When I saw what they offered in terms of flavor options, I knew this was not your typical boozy icy treat, my mind was blown.  What I love about Jacked Ice is that they adjust easily to meet the occasion or event.   Whether a casual family friendly bbq gathering or an adults only cocktail gala,  they have you covered.  These guys work their bottoms off to get you exactly what you want.  Friendly and professional with tons of yummy and quality creative flavor options.  They can keep it simple or work with you to create event themed flavors.
5	Huge fan of Jacked Ice! Whether it's "jacked" or sans booze, they have the most creative and delicious flavors. If I ever happen to throw an event, I would definitely consider these guys and their amazing creations.
5	Wow, this shaved ice is waaaaay different than the snow cones I remember as a kid!! There were so many flavors; I had the pink champagne and it was perfect. Not too sweet or fruity. And if you're willing to put a splash of vodka in there, I'm not gonna say no. The guys working, the "bartenders" as they called themselves, were both very friendly and enthusiastic. Definitely a hit at any party!
5	I LOVE JACKED ICED!These boys are amazing! And great eye candy too! I have been very lucky to have run into them at 3 events Ive attended this year, and each time gets better!I have tried, Cake Batter Martini, White Chocolate Watermelon, Cherry Cordial, Strawberry Daiquiri and a few others I can't recall the names, but one was blue haha just love them! Who doesn't love a snow cone stuffed with booze? It's simply amazing!I look forward to running into them again soon!If you are wondering about hiring them, DO IT!! You won't be disappointed!
5	Jacked Ice just may the coolest aspect of your party/event. No pun intended.. I attended a GoDaddy company event that Jacked Ice catered and was a little confused why a snow cone stand was constantly surrounded by people so I thought I would investigate. I was glad that I did because what I discovered is that it wasn't a snow cone at all it was shaved ice and in addition to that it was alcohol infused! You had the option to get it with or without alcohol which I thought was really cool and you also had a wide range of choices. I got tigers blood which was superb. I also spent some time talking with the owner Devin, and he was explaining that they can also make custom specialty drinks that go along with the theme of your event. Not only in name but in color scheme as well. They can fully customize a complete menu for your events need! Give Devin a call and get Jacked Ice at your next event stat; they will really liven things up.
4	Didn't you just love SHAVED ICE flavors when you were a youngster? Well now there is a version for you now that you think you are all grown up. JACKED ICE! Shaved ice with a kick. In all the flavors you loved as a kid!PREMIUM LIQUOR INFUSED SHAVED ICE!These are the guys I want doing the bartending at my next party. The best of both worlds - Being a kid again - hearing the bells of the ice cream/shaved ice truck cruising the hot summer streets and - being a crazy adult with a JACKED ICE in my hand while I lounge around the pool on a hot Valley of the Sun afternoon.You can get in touch with them through YELP, FB or that little blue bird of happiness site. They are anxious to help make your next ADULT party a total success!
5	Have had them host a couple events now. On time,  professional, fair price. Great, unique concept that mixes well with traditional beverage service. Have attended events they've serviced both large and small, formal and casual. Seems like they have the talent and resources to do the full range of events imaginable.  Small misunderstanding from previous review was resolved quickly.
5	Alcohol infused shaved ice. How on earth can you go wrong with that?! These guys are awesome and they serve up a mean shaved ice. You can either get it spiked or virgin so if you hire them, both adults and kiddos can enjoy the products! I've enjoyed them at events I've attended and also hired them for my own events and they are a great addition to a party. They also offer a bartending service and they are a blast to work with! Did I mention that their shaved ice is spot on?!
