5	Midway back there's a counter with a cook making biryanis, and they are very good. The chicken makhani was the best I've had, there's not much lettuce but the chicken and rice is what's important.There's a small grocery in the front with a bunch of RTE meals, spices (fenugreek, cumin, citric acid), pitas, lassis, the standard soda array, homemade hummus, and other things I'm sure I'm forgetting. There's also a butcher in the back that I haven't tried.Most importantly, everyone who works here is incredibly welcoming and friendly. They will go out of their way to make sure you have what you need. I wish I had found out about this place sooner.
5	The original reviewer covers most of I have to say about this place. Everyone working is fantastic in helping you find what you need.  The food is fantastic (I had the kebab) and the servings generous.  I probably should have made two meals out of what they gave me, instead of eating it all in one go.  If you can apply the concept of hospitality to a grocery store, this place would fit the bill.The grocery is small, but nice, with a variety of spices essential to cooking Middle Eastern and South Asian food, as well as a number of things like pita, mango drinks, figs and dates, and sweets. I've yet to try the butcher.  The prices are very reasonable.
5	Salem's is just superior in every category - quality, quantity, and price.
4	I love this place.  So many ethnic restaurants miss the mark of bringing culture along with recipes to the public.  Well, Salem's brings recipes with its culture.  Salem's is a halal market with an attached cafe, closed friday midday for prayer service.  The cafe makes, from scratch, standard middle eastern food like shish kabob, lamb curry, and falafel everyday.  And if you ask, they'll tell you how to make everything they sell on the market side, where you can find all the ingredients used in the cafe.  I recommend this place for lunch everyday of the week you're near the strip district.
4	There's not much to really say other than that I love the gyros here. They're huge and for a great price. The cook was also really nice, offering us some cookies and tea while we waited.
4	Divey hole-in-the-wall, but Salem's has the best damn gyro in the city!  I stumbled upon it after my dad turned me on to this place and...  so good!
5	It's my go to. When I have a small window between classes, when I'm running low low on money, when I'm craving the best "bang for my buck" food -  Salem is the only place I go to. I've had about everything here from their lamb to their desserts (which I still can't pronounce or spell). Nothing, and I repeat, nothing, was lacking. Perfect amount of spice, perfect amount of flavor, amazing texture. I don't even like meat that much. Not to mention the service is amazing - I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place before!
4	Based on the name of the restaurant and the reviews, I was expecting a Middle Eastern cuisine. When I stopped by today, they were serving all south Asian (e.g. Indian, Pakistani, and Bangladeshi) dishes. I didn't see a doner or chicken rotating spit as the others suggested. In retrospect, I am guessing it is located at the back of the store.Anyway, I ordered a plate of chili chicken, and the server offered to add some chickpeas on the side which was nice. Both the chili chicken and chickpeas were flavorful. The meal came with a generous helping if rice which filled me up.I'm not sure there is a more flavorful and filling option in Oakland priced at $7.50.
4	Salem's back! The months that they closed for renovations were the most depressing months of my college career. I eat here a lot! I was so excited when I saw that they are open again. Even though they claim that they were under renovation, the place pretty much looks the same. The only difference is the new chef. I was kind of skeptical seeing the new chef, but after seeing the variety of "hot specials" that they had, I was hooked. So a few changes did occur since the renovation. Now, there are more hot selections to choose from. The price went up a bit, but so did the quality. A serving was around $7-$8. I feel like the place is a lot more organized now...especially the display of food. For lunch today I had chicken/lamb curry with white rice. I couldn't decide between chicken and lamb so the chef was nice enough to give me a little bit of both. It was definitely a meal of champion...tons of meat, white rice, a side of salad...and tons of meat! The chicken was seasoned beautifully with the right amount of sauce and tenderness. The lamb was cooked to perfection...the meat slid right off the bones. The lamb/chicken curry was not spicy at all; so if you prefer a little kick, ask for some hot sauce on the side. By the way, the portion was huge...lasted me two meals!  In conclusion, the old Salem was good, but the new Salem is even better!
5	Buy your lamb here! They cut it anyway you want on the spot, so much cheaper then stores around town.  Always consistent and the quality is amazing.  You cannot beat it.
5	The spinach and paneer is way too addicting. And the guys at the counter are so nice. Props to that side of the store!As for the grocery side, the guys at the counter were also nice. Super helpful, bagged the chicken separately so I could freeze them in batches. And the quality of the chicken was also great.Great prepared food, great meat. Nice people, and nice on the wallet.
