5	THIS WAS THE CHEAPEST LOCKOUT SERVICE RATE!!  I got locked out on campus in Glendale and the guy came all the way from Tempe! He charged me only $45 and made me two spare sets of keys! I was astounded and grateful.  It sounds like he drives all over phoenix, so if you are locked out call him!
5	Lightening fast arrival. Even faster lockout service. No doubt I'll use his service again!
5	Insanely fast, very nice person as well. I've dealt with other lockout services before and they take FOREVER to get to you. This was about 15-20 minutes, seriously. Highly recommend!
5	I had called a different locksmith my husband found on Google the previous time I had Locke my keys in my car who by the way charged me 165.00 dollars and took 3 hours to make it to my house. I month later I lock my keys in the car again and I called this guy I found here on yelp. I got the best service ever!! He showed up within 10 Minutes only charged me 20 dollars, unlocked my car at lightning speed and even made me a spare key. I am a happy customer. BEST SERVICE EVER
5	I didn't think locking my keys in my car could actually be a fun experience.  It actually was with jack (I think that's his name).  In fact I have never posted a review before  and felt I owed it to this guy.  I had called another locksmith initially.  The dispatcher (I assume) said he called another guy and he was on his way.  I got a call 35 minutes later from the other guy asking for the address.  And he told me it would be another 40 minutes!!! I said forget it.  I called this locksmith and he said I will be there in 10 minutes!!! And he was.  Opened the car, made me a spare key, and we talked for 20 minutes about golf, music, family - what a great guy!!!  And inexpensive too!  Highly recommend this locksmith.
5	Jack was on time and extremely patient with our situation (a lost key with chip and a car with remote start). Long story short the remote start complicated things but Jack made things right, including coming back out a second time to make sure the keys worked.
5	TOTAL LEGIT COMPANY!!!! I locked myself out of my condo this morning & luckily I had my phone to reach out for help. A friend of mine suggested Lockout Services so I called, Josh was at the ready to meet me within the hr. He was right on time & had my door unlocked within LITERALLY minuets. He also made me an extra key free of charge! Josh was very professional & represented this company well. I will totally recommend this company to anyone needing a locksmith, for their home or car lockout! It was a pleasant experience during an unfortunate situation! Thanks!
5	It's not often in the city you find a friendly business owner that's  fast to arrive and wanting to help. Thx bunches
5	MASTERS OF THEIR CRAFT. I have an older 1978 280z. The code I gave the was incorrect, so they MANUALLY cut a key for me that works like a charm. I got 3 keys cut for the price of what most locksmiths were gonna charge me for one!These guys were on time, and family oriented (Grandfather and Grandson came out in separate vehicles).I highly recommend these guys!
5	Locked out my truck today(10/28/14).Called this company they exceeded my expectations on what i thought was possible!Jack was on time,unlocked my door quickly and efficiently,made me aspare on the spot to prevent future mishaps and gave me a form to give to my insurance for reimbursement.Didnt even know that was an option!Thanks dude you rock and your quality of service made my day.
5	Affordable service and he was on time. Very nice guy and he did good work.
