4	I had a pretty good experience at the Doric.  Yes, the restaurant is upstairs and you have to do a little exploring to find the staircase.  The food was decently priced and the beer was pretty good.  Service was fast and helpful.
2	Whenever the train I'm meant to be getting in the evening is delayed I usually end up in here - it's very handy for the station and never very busy, those are probably it's only two discerning features though. The bar is the kind of faux traditional that a large percentage of Edinburgh's pubs are, it's cosy enough but not particularly welcoming or friendly. The aussie barman generally looks like he can't be arsed and would rather be somewhere else (Sydney perhaps, with a schooner of Toohy's New), to be fair I don't blame him as this place seems to attract more than its fair share of confused tourists. Mostly though I am irritated by the price of the ginger beer: it costs near enough the same as a pint of ale, which in this day and age of responsible drinking is wrong wrong wrong.
3	The Doric is apparently "Edinburgh's oldest gastro pub", and it sells its legacy to the local tourists. Within, it's a nice warm tavern, complete with ales aplenty and stodgy food on the menu.It's always been quiet enough when I've visited but that's usually when I'm waiting on an early evening train. I'm unsure what this place is like at the weekend but I can imagine it being a lot busier, with functions and whatnot. Seems to attract an older crowd who seek out its own brand of peace and quiet.They offer homemade pies, Sunday roasts, 2 courses for a tenner, and the food is good nosh. Along with catering for my gastro belly, they have a couple of pasta dishes available on their A la Carte menu which will be suitable for vegetarians.Traditional in a modern, pub grub kind of way and certainly more serene than the sometimes uptight Edinburgh cocktail scene, the Doric is great for a meal and a catch up over a few cold ones.
3	My dad is obsessed with his Good Food Guides and Good Pub Guides etc, and so he'd read about this place and was always banging on about going next time he was up here visiting me. I'm not going to lie, from the outside it just looks like any other 'old man' pub, and from glimpsing into the downstairs bar area on my way up to the bistro, that's pretty much exactly what it looked like on the inside too. The bistro bit though was a vast improvement, and the food was surprisingly good despite the stuffy atmosphere, and the set menu was really good value for money.I'd definitely go back here for food again, but for drinks there are so many other places for drinks less than two minutes' walk away.
3	For the start of a friend's Stag Event in Edinburgh, we met at The Doric. Mostly because it was right next to the station and people were arriving before check-in at the hotel. Since we arrived the night before, we were in charge of being first here.It's clearly a pub that people go to because of its proximity to the station. After I got in, got a drink, and sat down, a huge group of guys on another stag event came in with their bags. It was about 1:30 pm, so clearly they just got off the train and couldn't check in either, so hit up The Doric for beer.They did have a tasty selection of beers. The best in my opinion was the coconut porter, which wasn't overly coconut flavored, but did give a nice hint of coconut after you had a sip.Once more people arrived, about four of us went upstairs to grab a bite. The restaurant seemed nice, and the menu looked interesting. Two of us had the cheeseburgers, one the haloumi stack, and one the macaroni and cheese. We also split some haggis spring rolls, because when you're in Scotland, you eat haggis.The food was a major disappointment. The haggis spring rolls were literally just haggis inside of a spring roll wrapper and deep fried. No Asian influence at all. Maybe some cabbage or sprouts or something would have been nice, but no, just haggis in a wrapper. The burger was a major letdown. They made it seem so spectacular on the menu, but it was just a boring burger with boring chips. The other half asked for some of my ketchup with his macaroni and cheese, which is clearly a bad sign. Bland on bland. But the pub was good, the beer was good, and a good time was to be had by all. It was a nice kick-off to our night of drinking.
3	The Doric markets itself as Edinburgh's oldest Gastro Pub and it may very well be true but what one finds there today is at least not what I would call a Gastro Pub.We started the evening in the downstairs pub part and it can't say we enjoyed it that much. Went up to the bar to order- asked for the selection of ales on tap. Did talk a bit to the bartender about the different ones and I asked for a recommendation with the response that she does not like beer so they all taste bad to her. Honest but not very helpful, we did however go for a pint of some local ale that was alright. The bar downstairs did however not really feel as if it had anything to do with a place that even tries to call itself a Gastro Pub (slightly worn, both guests and the chairs and tables and not very clean)After the first pint we went upstairs instead and there it looked more like a traditional pub dining room. We were quickly shown our table be our waiter and given menus. Started looking at the selection and I was getting my hopes up. Some of the dishes did sound very nice. Wine list was a bit disappointing as I struggled to find anything by the glass that I wanted. Eventually went for a Shiraz that was not bad but still not what I had in mind. In general I would expect better from a Gastro Pub.Back to the food - I went for the soup of the day. The day in question it was some sort of carrot soup. It was fairly good, a bit too sweet for my taste but not bad at all. The others in the group went for the Haggis spring rolls and the Confit of Duck Leg. The Haggis spring rolls were disappointing, nothing made better by putting Haggis in a spring roll. The Confit of Duck Leg was good but the marmalade and brioche accompanying it did not really match it.For mains we also went for a few different choices. I went for the pork chops and the others went for burger and the Fillet of Sole. It was clear that I made the winning choice - the pork chops had been well-prepared and they were flavorful and grilled just the way they should be. The side of mash and vegetables were  however not given the same expert attention. Vegetables were not fresh and the mash did not feel as if it had been made recently. Still the pork chops were good. The burger was your standard pub burger so the type served anywhere - not bad but not anything different than what one can get at most pubs. The Fillet of Sole was ok, small piece of fish but it came with nice spinach and potatoes but it did not really have a lot of flavor and taste.All in all it was ok but not great. Still give it a 3 rating since the food was above average but it is a bit misleading to call themselves a Gastro Pub.
5	Amazing Sunday Roast dinner!I saw The Doric listed in The Times 36 hours in Edinburgh and wanted to give it a try. We walked past and I noticed the Sunday Roast Dinner being advertised so we made plans to do just that and I couldn't be happier!The bistro is upstairs and was quite quiet, but we did arrive as they were opening (at noon). The roast beef was cooked perfectly and the accompaniments were lovely. The staff were all also very friendly, kind and patient.It's on my list of places to recommend in Edinburgh for sure!
5	Four olds converged on Edinburgh's oldest Gastro Pub. On the pavement the sultry summer was at its sticky hottest. Inside this ancient space with its north facing windows the air was pleasantly cool. Assembled at their window side table the old people ordered drinks then ignored the menu while they engaged in a frantic catch-up. Eventually the waiting staff managed to secure an order. I had oxymoronic 'open ravioli' and thought it quite delicious. Then I chomped down on a veal chop (veal T Bone). Again, very nice. The coffee with which I finished underlined a recent discovery that Scots no longer need to fly to Milan for a decent Espresso.
5	The original building was constructed in the 17th century and it still retains its original characteristics, many stairs and really narrow doorways- a throwback to an earlier time: the Gastro Pub food is well cooked, well presented and delicious, especially the home made icecream.
4	Great fish and chips and shepards pie.  Nice dining room upstairs.  Woulda received five stars if they had malt vinegar for the fish
