4	Revamped buffet at Excalibur!  I really really liked the changes.  New decor, kiosk queuing,  attentive staff, and great food choices.  It's no Wynn, but the quality is a lot better than it was before.The price is right on point!
3	My family and I decided to go here for our last dinner in Vegas and we were intrigued by buffet renovation. The new interior design is fresh, modern, and way more appealing than the old buffet. They even ditched the old "Round Table Buffet" name for "The Buffet at Excalibur." The inside is pretty nice and the layout is basically just a straight line of stations where you can get food from standard buffet cuisines including the Asian, Italian, Latin, a carvery (has various cuts of meats), salads, seafood, and there is even a bar! The desserts station is located near the entrance so you can't miss it.The food selection was decent, but I was able to see everything within 2 rounds of getting food. The seafood selection is nice since there are shrimps, crawfish, and crab legs. One thing to note is that the shrimp is not fully peeled for you unlike in some other buffets. The seafood paella is also hard to eat because the shrimp still has the shell and head! Their sushi selection consists of California rolls with or without masago, vegetable rolls, and I think there was spicy tuna. The sushi was above average compared to other buffets. High lights I found were the salmon, crab legs, and the made to order crepes from the dessert station. You can get nutella, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, pineapples, and powdered sugar along with your crepe! The only downer is that the crepe is not as crispy as I would like it, but that's not a deal breaker for me. You can also get your crab legs steamed, but there is generally a line for that so just be warned. There is a bar station located and you can get free champagne and mimosas along with your meal. All the other drinks will cost you additional money. Overall, I'd say you guys should give this place a try if you like going to buffets. It isn't the best, but it also isn't the worse. And believe me, it is much better than what it used to be.
1	Buffet was recently open after renovation so my husband and I are thinking it should be pretty good....wrong. We arrived at 8:30 am for what we thought was a Saturday brunch offering champs, nope. Price is $21.95 but on Monday - Friday is $18.95...same food so why the increase? I can go to the Fiesta in Henderson with champs and better food for $8.99 Sat/Sun but we wanted to try something we thought was going to be an upgrade....lol what a joke. Food: everything I tried looked and tasted like food was leftover from the day before and reheated. Shrimps were all water logged, the crab legs had a brownish color to them with an odd taste. Pastries none..all offerings were donuts. They did have a fresh crepe bar, but then again looked very dry. I didn't want to stand on line for crepe paper. Overall I'm rating this one star because I have no choice.
3	Honestly i expected much much more out of a las vegas buffet. Went here in NYE and it was 10 more dollars than usual. Not worth it as a vegetarian. There were only a handful of veggie options. I would havw appreciated beans in the latino section.  News flash excalibur buffet, good food is a lot more than just meat. I will have to commend the tasty cheese ravioli. The desert bar was amazing. They even had a sugar free section and some of the options including the carrot cake were better!
