4	Deep in the heart of the Bank of America building lies Booth Playhouse. You'll find all sorts of shows here, a bar to the right (with a decent $7 glass of Malbec, if I may add) and overall ease to the take in some theater! Inside, Booth is a bit bigger than I imagined - seating folks on both the floor and gallery levels. Upon a bit more research, I saw that this particular venue seats 434 - seriously, this is impressive considering it's within BoA. Seats and pretty cushy and comfy and there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house. Acoustics are decent, but I was fairly close during my visit, so I can't speak to the sound levels on the gallery level. Keep an eye out on the Blumenthal site, and/or sign up for advanced notice of what's coming up as this theater can fill up fast! Oh, and do yourself a favor and park within the Hearst Tower garage - it'll be quicker and much more efficient. Woot for culture.
4	Lost in the labyrinth that is Founder's Hall - and in fact not even noticed to most even when you are looking for it - is Booth Playhouse. Many people walk right by since they are in a hurry to catch their show at the Belk, just down the hall. Shame, really, since the Booth is actually a much better venue for many shows.While it is true you cannot stage a full-scale traveling Broadway production there, the intimate spot is great for smaller, generally less well-known shows that can really suck you in because it's like you're almost up on stage. Next time you see something being done at the Booth, you may want to check it out.
3	Cozy, that's the word that comes to mind when I think about this theater.  Was recently here for a play and it was my first visit.  There isn't a bad seat in the place and since there is no orchestra pit you can get some really great front seat action if you get the right tickets.The decor is a bit dated but classic and the stage is a little bit smaller for the more intimate performances.
5	I love coming here for just about anything!!!  A small cozy-feel from everything to the Will-Call, lobby, bar and seating.  The actual playhouse itself is stunning with side-seating and a very intimate feel between you and the stage.  When I have been here, the staff has been super helpful and efficient.  The bar tries very hard to get your order so you are back in time during Intermission.  Very convenient to many restaurants and hotels Uptown.  Thanks guys!!
4	Nice spot to catch a smaller show.  One reviewer used the word intimate and I think that is a perfect one to describe Booth.  While we had upper section seating right in the middle, in looking around it seemed to me that most every seat would be a good seat.  The will call line to pick up our tix was nonexistent, there were plenty of bar options to choose from so getting a drink was a breeze and the only downer, according to my wife and our two lady friends who were with us, was the lack of stalls in the women's restroom which caused a long wait at intermission.On a side note, we were there seeing the 9th edition of Charlotte Squawks.  A must see, laugh out loud show to say the least.
4	I'll keep this one short and sweet....I'm a fan of this place! I went to see a poetry slam competition. The seats were comfy, the snacks and drinks were reasonable priced and all of the staff were extremely helpful! What more can you ask for? I'm looking forward to attending another event here!
4	Really love this venue because of the size, no bad seats and the staff is awesome!! I had my backpack with me and no one gave me a hard time about it.
4	I really like this theater.  It's small, there's not a bad seat, acoustics are good.  Saw "Shear Madness" when it was playing here years ago.  Most recently, we attended a matinee performance of "Post Secret the Show". (which was very entertaining).  Great venue!
