4	Being the luddite I am, I haven't visted the Festival Theatre much in recent times. And not since Th'eatery has opened.It's predecessor, Cafe Lucia,  was an adequate lunch spot, serving traditional cafe food but had probably been left behind by more moderm openings locally. Which is where Th'eatery comes in.It's a clean, bright and airy space, being a glass front, it's a nice little sun trap during those infrequent days we get any to enjoy. Immediately in the foyer of the Festival Theatre, it's well staffed and even on busy show nights customers are served quickly and friendly.It has a good selection of local ales from Stewart's Brewery, the usual lagers and a small, but well chosen wine list.As far as food goes, I have only sampled the 'Vegetarian Sharing Board'. It came with home-made hummus, falafel, mediterranean vegetables and a yoghurt dip. All of which provided a nice sweet/savoury balance that ended up being quite moreish. The rest of the menu also sounds appetizing with plenty local and quality produce. A lot of the food is advertised as being home-made and fresh and it certainly tastes good. With daily changing specials, it has a varied menu that can happily be customised on request.Of an evening, there's a great buzz about the place pre-theatre but it does only have a small seating section and unless you're lucky, you will probably have to stand on a busy night.Despite healthy competition, I would happily return to sample more of the menu. It provides a comfortable and vibrant place to eat, at the same time letting me pretend i'm well cultured and that.
3	Truly lovely. I will come again but shall simply sit down to be waited on. Do not go to the bar. It's a Monday afternoon with nothing going on.Michael the waiter is lovely and a swift worker but has that quality of laid back which helps on enjoy their visit. Even double checked with me that I got password ok. The female put my food down. No eye contact or smile. Blam!  I ask you?
4	I came here today for lunch with Tanya L, at her recommendation, and first I have to say - thanks, Tanya! What a lovely place! As you all know, I'm a big fan of the Festival Theatre both as an arts venue and just as a building in general, so I was already pretty sure I'd like the light and space that I could see from outside was a feature of Th'eatery, and I do love a good punny name.The food, however, was not a done deal ahead of time. The proof of the pudding (or quiche) is in the eating, as they say, and food at theatres can often be a little hastily compiled and dodgy (yes, I'm looking at you, West Yorkshire Playhouse). Not so at Th'eatery! The soup and quiche options change daily and we're looking at less than four quid for soup and bread, which is darned good.Tanya and I opted for one portion of quiche to share - today's quiche was salmon - and a Classic Board, which includes buffalo mozzarella, ciabatta, a dish of pesto, a big pile o' olives, sliced tomatoes, and various leafy things. Some olive oil was also brought across for us in a cute little old-fashioned oil-can, which I loved.I adore quiche but often find the pastry a bit of a letdown - again, not so at Th'eatery! The pastry was great; crisp and flavoursome. I wouldn't normally opt for a fish quiche but the salmon was a really nice flavour in with the fresh egg filling, which was soft and came apart easily - though not so easily that it was impossible to divide the slice in half - just right.The sharing board was very nice, too. It was tricky to separate the pieces of ham from one another as they were all kind of plopped together on the board but that's a very minor point. The ciabatta was lovely, fluffy and crispy, and with a bit of mozzarella and pesto it made for a few very lovely mouthfuls. I think if we hadn't ordered the quiche as well I might have been still a little hungry at the end but what we had was just right.The service was super-jolly, too! Such a nice chap, and he recognised Tanya from having been in before, which is always a good thing. It was quiet in there when we arrived but more people were appearing as we got further through our meal and the service didn't decline in standard at all. What a great addition to an already fabulous theatre.
