5	I have sent several clients to Louis as he helped them avoid BK. His out of the box thinking was amazing and I am happy to refer him business. I love that he explains to people that they should buy life insurance because their family needs it and that money can not be dispursed to creditors. He also works with amazing power partners that make him look good and help his clients.
5	Louis Parker is an outstanding bankruptcy attorney.  I sat down with him one day when I was considering bankruptcy and his insights and suggestions prompted me to research my debt issue more thoroughly.  I discovered that a slightly higher payment towards my debt could eliminate it within 3 years.  I happily drove from Mesa to his Phoenix office to speak with him, but would have driven from Chandler, Tempe or Scottsdale as well.  He is genuinely interested in the best options for his clients rather than suggesting bankruptcy to all in order to boost his fees.  I highly recommend Louis to anyone who is or may be considering bankruptcy.
5	I have referred numerous clients to Jared Bennett, he is knowledgable and experienced bankruptcy attorney.
5	Lou has helped me navigate through family law court & was amazing. I've referred him to several friends for bankruptcy issues and they loved him.
5	I went to Mr. Parker's office because I saw a blog about him helping veterans out with court case at a local Veteran help day. I called his office about a CS issue and he met with me right away. He discussed my case in great detail and gave me REAL Professional advise and no BS. I walked in nervous but I walked out with my head up. Thank you for your professionalism.
5	Jared and Lou are two of the best attorneys around.  Friendly and casual environment with innovative ways to help with individual needs.  I have sent several of my friends and clients to them without any hesitation that they would exceed expectations.
5	I was fortunate enough to be able to refer Lou Parker quite a few times and each time I receive rave reviews over his professionalism and affordability.  He consistently goes out of his way to help his clients make the best decisions for their situation.  I highly recommend the firm for being unlike the typical "law firms" because their reputation is stellar.
5	I work with a lot of clients that end up needing to file for bankruptcy and having worked with many bankruptcy attorneys in the past I was thrilled to find Jared Bennett a few years ago.   I now refer any clients who find themselves in a poor financial situation to Jared as I know they are not just another number and he and his team are absolutely the best to work with.  I have only heard great things from my clients after they have sat down with Jared.
