5	Amazing team of dr's!! I've seen three of the four that work in this office. I had a root canal, an extraction, a cleaning x rays etc. and never felt a thing. The assistants are friendly and professional as well. I would recommend American Family Dentistry to anyone! if you're one of those "chickens" like I WAS, then this is the office for you.
4	Excellent team of doctors. I highly recommend American Family Dentistry. I have been to many dentists around the valley, some very scarring experiences, & some first time appointments that I never did wind up scheduling a second. American family dentist is tried & true. Dr Lida D. Raoufi is beyond amazing - I have never met a doctor so warm, & nurturing while drilling holes in my teeth! & the dental assistants are such pros! They definitely know their stuff. Great, great staff.The only reason I am giving four stars, is because unfortunately I had a couple root canals done here - however their referral to the doctor who managed to complete the procedure was lacking in skill. Years later I am now having problems, & am having to pay thousands more (even with insurance!) to get medicine put in it, drilled, & then re-done. If they would have been highly skilled in the first place - this wouldn't have even been necessary. I had also told the male doctor on staff about this problem - as I wasn't sure what it was looking like below the surface, but it was bothering me. & he didn't even bother to check it out. It was an obvious problem, as I was feeling it internally - then 5 year X-rays come & there is a TOTALLY apparent problem that easily could have been checked out, possibly corrected with less invasive techniques.
5	I've been coming here for years. Growing up with a mother who's a Dental hygienists can have it's draw backs as a child but it taught me the importance of good dental work and gave me an eye for professionalism. This place has both. Dr Lida is warm, professional and experienced. She always helps me and I never have had one issue. Now the office staff is usually what keeps the clients coming back again and again. Ashley is usually working the front, answering my calls or the first person I see when I walk in. She and I always spark up conversations and she even remembers minor details from the last time we spoke that of course seem to slip my mind. If I have a scheduling issue she is on top of her game, returning my calls or even helps out with insurance questions and information. Jessica is my favorite hygienists. Shes BEAUTIFUL, have to get that out of the way right now. She also really cool, gentle, never hurts me. Shes always careful, asking me questions about my dental health and or small talk about my life. Her tips as far as using a certain type of brush or floss or even a tongue scrapper have helped a ton. By far my favorite Dental office and hopefully my last.
1	From others' reviews, it sounds like Dr. Lida is a great dentist and knows what she's doing. I had a bad experience seeing Dr. Daub, however.I was told I had a cavity from information gleaned only from an Explorer Stick. No one would verify if anything was seen on the actual X-ray. I have since been told from two additional dentists in other offices that I have no cavity. I know this to be true because I've never had ONE cavity in my life, and I feel no pain coming from this alleged hole in the tooth. I appreciate honest dentists who don't fill cavities that don't exist just so they can bill for it. Furthermore, at the time I was mis-diagnosed, they were very pushy about having it filled immediately, That VERY DAY and That Very MOMENT. I told Dr. Daub I would go out to the lobby and decide with my husband if we would have time to do it that morning. Without my consent, someone went out and talked to my husband anyway, and came back and told me it was fine for them to proceed. I don't think so. Of course, I went and found a new dentist for my future cleanings, but this office also forced me to pay $25 for X-ray copies to be sent. They also neglected to actually mail them to the new office until we called to check up on them. So yes, I missed my first appointment at the new place and had to reschedule. Bonus however.... this rant got me back on Yelp. Thanks for that, I guess!
5	My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Lida Raoufi at American Family Dentistry for a few years now.  We used to drive to the NW Valley and wanted something closer to home.  We hit the jackpot finding Dr. Raoufi.  She is very professional and at the same time treats you like family.  She actually met me at her office on a Saturday for an emergency appointment.  That's unheard of, right???  Her staff is very friendly and knowledgeable as well!  I would highly recommend this dentist office.  We won't go anywhere else!!
1	Needed a simple screw tightened on an implant. Standard screwdriver does it. They quoted me a dentist and 2 specialists and $750.  I have done it myself before but thought I would have a dentist take a look at it.Update went to a different dentist and he tightened it for $59.
5	Best dental office award goes to .......................... Amfam . Seriously love this place. They have a great team and are all about customer service. I had to wait 10 minutes due to an emergency and they comped me a free whitening. Who looks forward to dental appointments? This guy.
5	I have been going to see Dr. Raoufi for almost 2 years. I came to see her after not going to the dentist for over 10 years. Needless to say I cried through my entire check up. I was terrified about pain, and I was terrified about the amount of work I needed done. AFD worked with my insurance and helped me as much as they possibly could. When I met Dr. Raoufi I felt much calmer. I have successfully completed many root canals, fillings, a crown lengthening surgery, and and implant surgery. Each time I went it got better. The girls up front and my little helper hygienists helped me be brave :) I'm at the end of the road and I now LOVE going to the dentist. Thank you for changing my life and helping me through something that I felt could have been traumatic. I am proud to say that they made me feel little to no pain, and stopped me from having anxiety about the dentist. No more tears here! Next up..... Whitening?!?! Maybe ;)
1	Stopped going to this office since the atmosphere wasn't very modern and up to date. They said I needed work done but were going to charge $300 more than my new office. Glad I switched to another place.
5	I had broken a tooth at work and was in extreme pain. I have new dental INS and no dentist to go to. I called my INS and they gave me several phone numbers. One I called was an Orthodontist and they were obviously unable to help me but the lady on the phone new the pain I was in and put me on hold. She came back and said call this phone number the lady is waiting for your call they can get you in. I called this number and it was to AMFAM Dentistry and from the very moment I called they were so caring and got me in with in 15 min. Turns out I was right across the Airport from them and was there in 5 min. I filled out my paperwork and was immediatly taken to the back and was offered to be numbed before we even took Xrays to help the pain. (Yes, I was crying like a baby) Once my pain was tolerable I then had my Xrays. Dr Daub was awesome. He was caring and made me feel like I was in good hands. I am not sure about the negative reviews since I didn't experience any thing like that from this office. The prices seem to be a fair for the procedures I need. I was very happy with this office and the staff they were all wonderful. I actually look forward to going back to finish my root canal. I am scared but I know I am in good hands. I went home and shared the news with my family that we have found a new dentist and I will be bringing the entire crew over.
