4	I know that G-Spot has quite a few locations around the valley, but I have to say that this is by far, their best one.  The layout of this store is a little bit more open, so when/if it gets really busy, people can still manage to be organized.  My favorite part about this place is that we walked in at about 8 on the weekend (a crazy busy time for the Camelback location) and no one was there!  The staff was all really friendly and helpful and they seemed to be having a good time working there.  I did notice though that this location is a little bit cheap on the portion sizes as they make sure you get EXACTLY a level scoop of gelato and no more.  I don't care so much about though because it's still plenty for me!
4	By far the least busy of all G-spots I've ever seen.  Either the economy has killed the gelateria business or we just got there at a good time.  Either way, happy helpful employees were quick to get us in and out.  Going to G-spot reminds me of how much I hate the people who work at the AZ Center Cold Stone.  G-spot employees actually pretend to enjoy their jobs while CSC employees make your life miserable for invading their time.  All of that aside, this is a great location if you want to avoid the crowds in Arcadia.
5	Great selection of gelato! Friendly welcoming staff. Reasonably priced, deliciously rich gelato!
5	I have to say that the G-Spot has the best gelato that I have had in the Valley.  It has a comfortable setting with chairs and sofas and the staff actually seem to enjoy their jobs.Reasonably priced and not too crowded with a great selection of flavors.
4	I stopped by here very late Saturday evening. There were two lovely ladies still working. I received a friendly greeting as soon as I walked in the door. I could tell instantly I was in trouble. There were... sooo... many.. flavoorss.. and they all looked amazing. The display cases were all lit up and had a halo like glow ;) Was like walking into a gelato heaven.One of the girls asked if I wanted to try anything and I told her I had some looking to do still. I've learned that you'd be crazy not to ask whoever works there what their favorites are. She start loading me up with samples and the next thing I know I have a handful of empty mini spoons and a sugar rush already creeping in.*Psst* come over here.. try this.. yeah its good isn't it? You know where to find me when your ready for some more.What do I do? I don't get one flavor I get the large with 3 freaking flavors.. like I really needed to do that but it was literally IMPOSSIBLE to make a decision. I'm just glad I stopped the sampling when I did or it would have ended up even worse.Flavors I Tried:Now I don't remember the names of most of these so I'll do my best. I'm sure if you describe them to whomever is working they can figure it out.Coconut: Perfect! creamy.. right sweetness. right texture.. Even had soft coconut flakes in it.Chocolate/Hazelnut: This was described as having a nutella type taste and sure enough it did. Dark chocolate flavor with notes of hazelnut afterward.Pistachio: They really seem to do a great job of capturing the natural flavors. This was made with real ground pistachios and tasted just like it. Very good.Peanut Butter: She said "this is so good, we make it with jiffy." I freaking LOVE peanut butter anything. This did not disappoint.Pineapple: Again with the use of REAL ingredients and perfectly capturing the essence of the flavor. Its so nice to taste something and not get a nasty extract after taste. Again with the right level of sweetness.This was a great experience and I only wish that dairy didn't hate me so much. Then again its a blessing in disguise. I might end up here WAY more often then I should.Go check this place out and tip your gelato tour guides!
4	Yum, yum, yum! Delicious gelato. Lots of good flavors to choose from, but a little pricey. Gelato was more ice cream-like in texture- not as dense, more airy. (Not that that's a bad thing.)
1	WTF! We just drove all the way from the West side of town to get some dessert, and as we pulled up to the Gelato Spot on Greenway at 9:34pm with visions of desserts and pastries in our heads, the lights were off and an employee was locking the door.  Guess what, your door and website says you close at 10pm! How could we ever trust you'll be open next time? You've lost 7 customers tonight, good job.
4	Update to my last review: The manager contacted  me to apologize and explain the open hours snafu.  If a place cares that much about their Yelp reviews to personally reach out, then they certainly care about their customers when in the store.  Nice one Gelato Spot.
5	YUM! DeLISH! Low cal, great price --special fruit flavors (blood orange, watermelon) in their season.  That about covers it - whadaya waitin' for??? Get your mouth happy NOW!!
5	I love the almond snickers gelato. Yum!!
5	This locale in a word is Excellent.....the staff....Excellent....the Gelato.....Excellent. The day I visited....I walked into a super clean and very welcoming Environment. All the Gelato just staring at me looking sooooo.....delicious.....I couldn't even decide what I wanted. The young lady recommended a great combination of Banana and Chocolate and I was not disappointed. I highly recommend that everyone who visits try this combination....but you are welcome to try them all....and the best part is that this locale will let you. I have said before I don't give many establishments 5 star ratings....but this locale certainly deserves it...please go and Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	You gotta love a place that gives you free samples of any and all flavors for you to try! I'm lactose-intolerant and how sad my life was before I found the Gelato Spot! They have AWESOME sorbet that is so luxurious and rich that you won't even notice that it is dairy-free!! All my lactose tolerant friends savor their opulent gelato! The employees are very nice, helpful and friendly! When I bring a friend who is new to the wonderful world of Gelato, I love the size their eyes get when they see all the flavor options. Forest Berry sorbet is THE BEST!!!!
5	Rich, delicious, high quality, flavorful, unique, creamy, decadent, amazing. Gelato Spot is the place to be on a hot summer afternoon or evening. The staff is very friendly, the environment is inviting, and the gelato is spectacular. I cannot wait to go back.
4	Really clean and awesome amounts of flavors.  High quality and tasty flavors.  Good service from the staff on a weekday evening.My 4 star rating is due to the price which I felt was  bit much for one scoop.
5	Oh, how I love gelato!  This 'spot' really does it right.  What a nice treat!
4	We were looking for a little dessert after eating in Phoenix and we found this place via Yelp.  We have eaten Gelato in italy and we really didn't know know what to expect here.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It is a large, clean Gelato emporium with a remarkably large assortment of flavors.  There are sugar-free choices as well.  The flavors were intense and the servings quite generous.  The overall creaminess of the Gelato may not have lived up to the the best in Italy but it is a close second.  We also purchases a piece of cake to take home.  When you have that Gelato craving, this is the pace to come.
5	Again...every single Gelato Spot is amazing!  Clean, friendly and inviting and the cases are just beautiful with fresh gelato in any flavor you can imagine.  My favorite is still the Cookies & Cream...I think I seriously dream about this stuff!  If you haven't tried a Gelato Spot yet, get yourself to one quickly...you will not be disappointed!
4	This store has something I can rave about and that is excellent service.  I have never been in there where the young female employees haven't really made me want to go back.  That includes helping move furniture so I can get my 91 year old friend with Alzheimers in more easily on the day we use the wheel chair.  I am so grateful for that and want to say publicly, Thank You!  Also, it is easy to get in and out of with convenient parking, handicapped and otherwise.  The store has always been very clean which I think reflects the attitude of the individuals who work there, a major plus.I have been places that where the gelato is truly gourmet and is better than what I have had here.  However for being more commercial, I really can't complain with what I have had at The Gelato Spot.  They have a nice range of flavors so I think you can probably find a special and interesting flavor that will appeal to your personal tastes.  I wouldn't mind having another sugar free flavor that isn't quite so basic, but I can't have everything can I?
5	Love love love me some Gelato Spot. We have a satellite location at my place of employment as well. Their flavors are undoubtedly the best I've had. The employees here are very pleasant. They keep the pans cleans and the displays are always neat. I used the Foresquare check in deal and even saved on my scoop which is an outstanding bonus! My son loves the bubblegum flavor while my favorite is tiramisu.
4	I LOVE gelato and Gelato Spot satiates my gelato craving.  They offer delicious gelato in wide selection of flavors (at least twenty at any given time).  They also have sorbet, if you prefer.I'm only giving Gelato Spot 4 stars because I have to compare it to the best gelato I've ever had (also rated best in the world by National Geographic): Capogiro in Philadelphia.  Gelato Spot is tasty, but the flavors tend to be a little on the boring side, compared to Capogiro.  I was also spoiled by the beautiful presentation Capogiro does with the gelato in the case--it would make my mouth water.  Gelato Spot doesn't make much of an effort in this regard and I do truly eat with my eyes first!
5	Every time I'm in Phoenix, this is a regular place I visit. I love it so much, I have regular cravings for their gelato...and I've been to Italy! Gelato Spot arguably has the best gelato outside of "The Boot." I've also been to the Scottsdale location, which is also a great place to get a few scoops and chill with your friends, but Greenway is my usual stop. The staff is super friendly and happy to give you as many samples as you need to decide what flavors you like best, and despite the frequent summer crowd, somehow we're always able to find a comfortable seat in the house. My only complaint is that they don't have any in California. Gelato hits the Spot, so check it out when you're in town!
5	As usual The Gelato Spot always hits the spot! So many flavors to choose from! Friendly staff ALWAYS! Furniture is very modern and comfortable. And the biggest perk, Its always nice an cool inside.
5	Awesome chocolate shakes!!!
4	I've been to the Gelato Spot over on Camelback/32nd Street numerous times and for a good reason - I love it. The gelato is smooth and flavorful. This place is no different. I always order the Pocket Coffee - its like a bold cup of coffee that is sweet and creamy. Yum! The husband loves their pistachio, which is also very good. We've sampled many other flavors, but always come back to these.The inside of this location looks and feels the same as other locations, no real difference. I like that because I know what to expect and know I'll get some delicious gelato.Definiately give Gelato Spot a try - no matter the location!
4	I was at this location this afternoon. The young girl who waited on me was delightfully pleasant. The gelato is always wonderful! The chocolate is has a very strong rich flavor. The place is always clean and neat.
5	Gelato is perfect - all the time. Staff is incredibly friendly and remembers you (not sure if that's good or bad). Owned by some awesome people. One time my husband brought home a flavor I didn't care for and when I sent feedback online, the OWNER replied to me within an hour, on a Saturday night, and told me he agreed with me and they would retire the flavor immediately. I cannot say enough good things, and I will go to the Gelato Spot as long as I live in AZ... nothing else compares!
5	Loved the gelato and the atmosphere is great.  My husband got a shake because he isn't a fan of gelato, and he said it was fantastic.  My daughter got chocolate and was pleasantly surprised to find 3 mini chocolate bars hidden in her single scoop.  Service was very pleasant!  Would definitely be regulars if there was a location by our house.
5	Staff is always really nice and will let you try any flavor to be sure you get what you want.  They have Groupons regularly that are $5 for 2 medium cups of ice cream - which a great deal, since that would run you about $10 if you purchased it the old fashion way.  The plain chocolate is to die for and the fact that it's better for you than ice cream is just a bonus on a hot Phoenix day!Overall: A+
5	My wife had a Groupon for 10 bucks that expired today so we went in for some gelato!The customer service is great, it's in a nice area and of course the gelato is awesome.Salted Caramel and Stracciatella (sp?) are my favorite. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I love that I could get a few samples in before making up my mind. After we got our gelato, we sat down for a bit and enjoyed just hanging out there. I recommend!
4	Stopped at this place with my boyfriend last night and I'm not really a huge fan of gelato, but this place is amazing! Especially the non fat pineapple gelato! Oh and the staff are so nice and super helpful with samples!
5	Heart this location!!!  Plenty of inside and outside sitting.  Staff was super nice and did not mind the kids trying this and that.  Had the NY cheesecake and roasted almonds.  Homer Simpson noises (hum.......................).
2	I don't get the gelato obsession. No, it is not a real Italian gelato, just unreasnably expensive thicker fro-yo. And for the price of scoop, you can get a lot of good fro-yo!
4	Love it.  Many different selections.  Used my Groupon that I purchased last year.  Great service, friendly employees that works there.  Since I have $20 worth of Groupons, I got 4 two-scoop Gelatos.  Try it out if you haven't done so!
5	The employees here are proud of their product - for good reason! It's just so super good, every flavor, every time! If gelato has not yet made it's way across your lips, the time is now to make it right. Creamy, fresh ingredients are so indulgent you don't need but a few ounces. My favorite is the sea salt caramel but have also enjoyed choc mint and black cherry cream. As for the sorbet, flavors include pineapple, mango, & strawberry - all refreshing and without the dairy. Treat someone you love today to the G-spot.
5	The best gelato I have ever had. An AZ favorite for sure. Super clean and lots of variety !
5	I love this place!  The best gelato ever! I'm a huge peanut butter and salted caramel fan. Mmmmm makes for the perfect combination.  Brilliant selection and they always have great deals on Groupon  Will be back soon!
4	We've gone here a few times using a Groupon. The gelato is definitely good and there are tons of different flavors. It's really pricey, though, for what it is. Two tiny scoops for around $5. With the Groupon it's a decent deal, but I don't know that I'd go and pay normal price. They do give you tiny spoons, so it makes you slow down and savor the taste a little, instead of just shoveling.They offer free wifi, and there are power outlets everywhere for plugging your computer, tablet or phone into. There is plenty of seating, both inside and outside. So it's four stars for the delicious gelato with a discount. I'd probably rate it three if I paid full price.
4	Really good gelato. There's usually a Groupon floating around for them. Chocolate Caramel Fudge and Poket Coffee are my favorites. Never tried the fruity ones but it's not for a lack of being offered samples. They always have skinny pretty people working there. They must not be allowed to eat the gelato. ;)
4	Was in the mood for Oasis but they were closed so we came here.  The decor is really cute & almost seemed out of place for the strip mall setting.  They had so many flavors that I didn't even know where to begin.  I ordered half peanut butter and half salted caramel. Hubby got banana which he couldn't stop raving about. Mine was amazing, they were really fresh tasting & the flavors tasted exactly how you would expect.  Loved all the fresh fruits they used to decorate the gelato in the cases, so cute!
4	Creamy, smooth gelato. Great variety of favors and they give samples. Their decor, sitting area, and restroom were a little dirty and beat up.
5	Great gelato, my second time I was shocked how good the Sea Salt Caramello was. And they hire the most pleasant people
5	This has to be one of the best places around to grab a quick frozen treat.  This location is always busy with families and kids running around.  the amount of kids can sometimes make for a little bit of a wait to select the gelato you want, but it's a small price to pay for the sugary goodness that is Gelato.  I tried the Coconut and chocolate salted caramel.  Both were simply amazing and super creamy.  I have no idea how they incorperate the saltyness into the gelato but when you take a bit you taste every bit of the salt, caramel, chocolate and everything else.  the coconut had real flake of coconut inside and wasn't too sweet at all.  Absolutely love this place!
4	I was in the mood for something ice creamy today, but vegan options are limited in the N Scottsdale area. I was over in this area, so I decided to give The Gelato Spot a try.Admittedly, I'm a bit of a food snob, so I tend to ignore gelato in the U.S., thinking, "Oh no. I only eat gelato whilst in Italy." *posh British voice*  Well, shame on me!  Thanks to the Gelato Wars, they had a Vegan Chocolate gelato with smoked almonds and caramel. It was so creamy/dreamy and delicious!  I'm not a fan of nuts, but their presence in this flavor wasn't profound, so it didn't bother me. They also had 6 fruity flavors, which were all vegan: mango, pineapple, banana, raspberry, strawberry, & lemon.  I sampled the pineapple, and it was also very smooth, creamy, and delicious. I plan to get that one next time.  It was very fresh too. No freezer burn 'round these parts!I got a medium-sized cup and DD got a waffle cone. (I do not yet know if their cones are vegan-friendly. I'll update once I get confirmation on that.) My total was a $10 + change. I'll have to keep my eye open for the Groupon deals everyone's talking about. My hope is that they keep the chocolate vegan gelato option, and/or expand their non-fruity vegan options.Ample inside seating, including a cozy little area that's reminiscent of a living room. There are a handful of outside tables as well. Located in the shopping area on the NE corner of Greenway & 40th, next door to Starbucks, & across the street from the QT/Sonic. Yummy vegan gelato!
3	The pineapple and the strawberry gelato a are fantastic! However, I had to downgrade my overall rating as they do not take AMEX.
5	I live in California. I come to Phoenix, Arizona to visit my niece. We take a drive around the city and we spotted this place. And oh my goodness, this place is delicious! The employees here are friendly and welcoming. Free wifi and it's a comfy place if you just want to come and study, to relax. The ice cream is freshly whipped and can get unlimited samples. The next time I visit Phoenix, I will come to this place again! The ice cream is yummy. My favorite flavor is the vanilla bean.
