1	I can't begin to tell Yelp how disappointed I am in Fu.  I am staying at the Hard Rock Hotel on business.  My colleague and myself are sitting in our room watching the BCS National Championship game.  We decided we did not want to go far for dinner, so we chose the closest restaurant to our elevator.  We placed our order at the hostess counter, so far so good.  When it is time to pick up our food, I ask the hostess for a couple of plates so that we may enjoy our dinner in the room.  SHE REFUSED TO GIVE US PLATES.  Are you kidding me???  I explained that we are staying at the hotel (we charged dinner to our room).  I even told her that I would bring the plates back when we finished.  She was not having any of it.  I had to call room service to bring me plates.  RIDICULOUS.  We finally got the plates.  I wish they had never come.  The food was bland.  The rice was under cooked.  The Pad Thai had no flavor whatsoever.  It tasted like Panda Express on a BAD Night.  FAIIL.
2	Not good, stay away. I was very close to dishing out a 1 Star rating but I decided it was worthy of two, I am careful how I dish out the 1 star rating. Food was bland, not much flavor in anything. They claimed chicken was all white breast meat but it was more like mystery meat to me. Place was near empty, not busy at all yet we still waited forever for our food.
4	Fu which means good luck in Chinese, just recently opened at Hard Rock Hotel. This   establishment serves authentic Chinese food along with other Asian inspired foods such as Vietnamese and Thai, but mostly Chinese. This is located inside the new section of Hard Rock Hotel.The atmosphere of Fu had an Asian modern feel.Food:Things we ordered were;Jelly Fish, which was delicious. The Duck, roasted to perfection, giving it's natural juices an appealing taste was you chew in your mouth.Pork, which was tender and juicyNoodles for long life.Shrimp with some kind of BBQ sauce.and of course the fried rice.The Chinese food was  a bit too authentic for me but i still enjoyed it and would love to bring my friends here for real authentic Chinese food.The service in Fu was great! The waiters were all tentative. If they noticed your plate was too dirty they would change it right away.This restaurant is a casual/fine dining service.Try this place out now if your into authentic Chinese. I must warn you this place is nothing like Pf Chang's.
4	Wow - I am so surprised at the reviews of FU. I am glad I didn't read them before we decided to try it out this past weekend. The food was excellent, the service was amazing and the server we had was very knowledgeable of the better dishes on the menu.We ordered the Thai Spicy Basil Chicken lettuce wraps, which were spicy and the flavor was excellent. The Curry Lobster puffs were a little less spicy, but excellent option that reminded me of the Crab & cream cheese wontons of the regular Chinese restaurants only better. Then for dinner we had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was excellent as well. The portions are larger family style so there is plenty to share between two people. The rice was soft and fluffy as well (unlike one of the previous reviews). We did not have dessert but I did try the Year of the Dog cocktail which was yummy as well. With our experience, it is shocking to have read the other reviews. Maybe they took a look at the reviews and up'ed the anti on their service & the quality of the food. Hopefully there will be more good reviews in their future.
5	Excellent food ..tried the kung pao chicken, Mongolian beef, honey walnut shrimp, and shrimp fried rice ...very tasty with high quality ingredients ..service was excellent ..final bill was $75 for four people and we were all stuffed
4	After hours of walking the convention center and overhearing people talking about Chinese food, I was starving and started thinking about lunch. I walked by Fu several times on my way to my room at the HRH Towers and it was empty each time. I had to pack up and leave so I decided to stop in and give a try before I left for the airport.Waiters were on their game - very attentive. My order is about as white as it gets - but for the record, I have been to China and I know how to use chopsticks. I started off with egg roll appetizers. Loved the presentation, and great flavor. The sweet and sour just perfect and super spicy hot mustard. YES...you can screw up eggrolls. They did not.Wanted to order off the main menu but realized I should probably keep it simple and stick to lunch portions. So I ordered the General's Chicken off the lunch menu which came in a rice bowl and came with Eggflower soup. $11? Wait, I am in Vegas, right? Of course, you'll get nailed for a soda at $4 but who cares. This was the BEST chicken I've had in a really long time! Perfectly spicy, tangy, sweet - YUM! All white meat chicken, cooked perfectly with no weird gooey parts. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. The Eggflower soup had plenty of mushrooms and veggies in it also - made for a delicious.I definitely got my Chinese fix for the year! Lots of food, great atmosphere, friendly service and high quality food at a decent price. I would definitely recommend!!!!
3	I like the food here a lot. I've been 2 times so far, and each time, the food was a cut above the run of the mill offerings in this food genre. In fact, if I was rating the food alone, this would have been a solid 4.They lost a star however, due to the service. The first time, I thought it was a fluke, so I held off on the review until having the chance to visit them again, but the second time was no better.It's not that it was bad service by any means, it was what I would call weird service. The first time, we got a very pleasant Asian waiter, who was friendly, attentive, and barely spoke a lick of English. Which was charming at first, but when 3 different dishes came out that were not what we ordered, charming quickly became annoying.The second time, we got an English speaking waiter, who was just a little "off". It's hard to say what went wrong, and I hesitate to call someone overly-attentive, but they were oddly-overly-attentive, hovering around the table, breaking into our conversations too frequently, and two times, he tried to grab my drink before I was finished. I hate that.In any case, it's a 4 for the food, but the service dragged it down to a 3.I will go back though. It's brand new, and if they read their online reviews, they will get better at what they do. I would still recommend this restaurant.
3	Checked into the Hard Rock and received a $20.00 off coupon for Fu.  Decided to give it a try.   The result?  We found an enjoyable new place that hit the spot although it didn't hit every spot.Fu is Asian Fusion.  The staff was friendly although they did forget to apply the coupon and had to redo the bill.  (They did however give me my change which made me very happy and earned a bigger tip.)First the tasty.  The Shrimp Dumplings were excellent with a delicate sauce giving them a burst of flavor.  The ribs were in a tasty plum sauce but alas it was over the top in sweetness.  I had to take some chili paste to tone it down.  Go figure.  Still the ribs tasted good once the sweetness died down.For entrees we had the pan fried noodles with shrimp, scallops, chicken and mushrooms.  This was my favorite dish although my plus one did not like the noodles as much as I.  The dish was well prepared.Our waitress recommended the steak tenderloins which we tried. The sauce was the star as the tenderloin strips were cooked perfectly but without the sauce, lacked the flavor you get from a steak establishment.  The sauce however was divine and I could have licked the bowl.The drink menu is limited and the deserts are lacking.  Without the coupon this would have cost us $80.00 (2 apps, noodles and 1 entree plus a drink).  A little pricey but not out of line considering we couldn't finish everything.All in all, Fu has the potential to be a hit but needs more consistency.
3	I've been to FU 2x now and both times I have been pretty happy with the food and service. Both times I dined there, I had shrimp dumplings that were beautiful and delicious! Along side I had Ox-Tail soup that was delicious.. and another time I enjoyed pad thai.. so the place specializes in Asian fare from many styles.Both times I ate there.. it was with a friend , and both times the bill was around $60 for both of us. So its not extremely expensive, but its not cheap... Though overall its a good quality product they serve so that makes it even more worth it. I am sure I will be back for more of something sooner or later as it is in my neighborhood.. until then.. Happy Eating!
4	Was very shocked that this place was not full, especially during Restaurant Week. Normally this is a big Red Flag for me, as I am concerned when a restaurant is not busy during peak dinner hours. But what a pleasant surprise for us. This place is like a hidden gem. Great food and service, with a trendy/hip decor. We stayed mostly on the Restaurant Week menu, and it was worth the price. We did have one appetizer that was not on our prefixed menu, this was the chilled shrimp with the spicy jellyfish. This was really good and had a nice kick to it. It might have needed just a degree or two more spice, but it was great for me! The texture of the jellyfish might not please everyone, as it had a slight crunch with a texture of Udon noodles. Our first course was a Asian Tapas sampler: Pan Fried Shrimp Dumplings with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potstickers, and Spicy Wontons. All three were really good, with our unanimous winner being the fried shrimp dumpling. Second course was a choice of: Wok seared Salmon with Ginger Basil sauce, or Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli. Since there was four in our group, we easily all shared. The ribs were amazing. Perfectly prepared with a side of kimchee. The shrimp was really good and they were of great size too. The salmon was delicious as well. The ginger basil added just the right amount of zest to the perfectly cooked piece of fish. Nice size portions on all the entrees. Our final course was the dessert trio of: Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and finally Lychee Mochi Ice Cream. Each one of us liked different ones for different reasons, so be sure to ask the staff questions based on your personal tastes or desires. I will add that the wine prices were right on line with other restaurants of this price range. Average amount of selections of wines and beers.This leads me into the staff, OUTSTANDING service! They were on top of everything! We had several questions through out the meal and they directed us in good directions based on our specific tastes. All in all, this was a great meal for the price. The only possible draw back might be the location in the Hard Rock, as it should have been very busy the whole evening. We all said we would go back there again.
5	I was shocked that great chinese food existed on the Las Vegas Strip area. The fusion of all the flavors of the orient come together in harmony here at FU in the Hard Rock Hotel. The chicken fried rice was very simple, yet delicious. The kung pao chicken was nice and sweet with a little bit of tang and spicyness. I really enjoyed the dragon shrimp. Big jumbo shrimp with water chestnuts and broccoli, coated in a sweet citrus sauce...TO DIE FOR! The cocktail I had was called " Monkey". It was made with gin and cucumber lemon water, topped with club soda...very refreshing!Very hip and trendy spot. Loved the Asian decor. Our waiter was very polite and friendly. Highly recommend this spot. It is truly a hidden gem in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas!
5	Last on my agenda for Restaurant Week was Fu at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Lovely to look at outside the red footbridge that leads inside, I also found this restaurant to serve colorful and very tasty Cantonese food in a relaxed setting.  Diane and I were seated on a comfortable banquette and a Chinese-themed chair behind a black lacquered table.This was our best bargain of RW, because for $30.13 the first course for each person included an Asian Tapas Sampler that consisted of a Steamed Shrimp Dumpling with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potsticker, and a Spicy Wonton; the second course a choice of Wok Seared Salmon with Ginger Basil Sauce, Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli; and the third course a Dessert Trio of Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and Lychee Mochi Ice Cream.  None of the appetizers or desserts could be ordered in such combinations off the regular menu except to pay for each item separately.The potsticker was excellent with Ginger Sauce.  I didn't find the wonton to be spicy at all.  And, I quickly gobbled up the delicious steamed dumpling.  Since I was very hungry and wanted to thoroughly check this place out, plus present a more comprehensive review, I also ordered a bowl of Spicy Chicken Hot & Sour Soup, which was nicely hot and spicy as billed, with morsels of chicken, bamboo shoots, Wood Ear Mushrooms, Green Onions, and Black and Glass Noodles--a fairly mild but still spicy, good-sized serving for one diner.Lucky for me, Diane had a Hard Rock Hotel BOGO coupon for Fu from the night before when we had become introduced to Culinary Dropout, so besides two entrees of Honey Walnut Shrimp, we were also presented with our ordered choice of Kung Pao Chicken.  Diane got her Walnut Shrimp devegetablized but I enjoyed the cool cucumber slices that served to offset the warm and large battered shrimps.  The Lemon Aioli on this dish was subtle, the shrimps were succulent, and the candied walnuts were neatly covered with sesame seeds.  This entree was quite large in size.Indeed, there is no noticeable portion control in operation here.  The Kung Pao Chicken that was plunked before me on a platter was easily enough to serve two (even though I ate two entrees by myself).  But I'm a big boy with a big appetite!  LOL!  This was dead-ahead Cantonese Kung Pao Chicken just mildly spicy with slices of Red and Green Bell Pepper, mostly whole peanuts, and no visible Chili Peppers.  The spice emanated from the Brown Sauce in which the large tender hunks of chicken and other ingredients were bathed.  No filler like celery was present, and no fat clung to the top-tier chicken.In the assemblage of desserts, the tapioca tasted lemony, and the mochi resembled the flavor of vanilla.  The Chocolate Ganache with chocolate rabbit ears on top, and cake underneath, was fabulous.  Even the smooth and hot Jasmine Mist Organic Tea was great!  And, refilled ceramic pots just kept on coming for the extensive duration of our dinner.  The meal lasted long because I was barely able to finish all of the fine Cantonese food laid out before me.  But eventually I did!Thumping music added to the otherwise serene ambiance.  And, service was friendly and excellent, and so accommodating that when I asked for Sweet & Low, although I found out that it is not normally served in the restaurant (Splenda and Equal are), a server on his own initiative left the restaurant to get some from Room Service, and quickly returned with a large supply of pink packets.This was a great way for us to bid goodbye to Restaurant Week just before we left for California.  And, we will surely be back for more of the wonderful Cantonese food so graciously served at Fu.
5	Excellent food!!The lobster puff balls are really good!!Try all the Tapas on the menu!!!Tony the manager is super friendly and remembers your name and makes you feel right at home! :)
3	What's up FU!?  This place is located in the HRH and easy to get to.  It's just a little pricey - when compared to ChinaTown restaurants.  If you're a little drunk and in a need for a quick fix, this is the place to be.  Give them a try.
4	Great food!We were weary about going in because we could clearly see that the place was near empty. Every other restaurant we had passed by at the Hard Rock was much more full than this place and I'm generally concerned about the quality of the food when no one is eating there.We took the chance anyway. I'm glad we did!We ordered lots of food and the only slight bummer was the duck was a little bit dry. Other than that everything was so tasty. The specialty drinks and shots are great too! After dinner we ordered the Rabbit shot. Then we ordered it again. Our server was super friendly too.
4	We tried out Fu because we got a coupon upon check in and decided to give it a try. The food is excellent. The fun noddles were absolutely delicious as were the steamed buns. My boyfriend had Kung pao chicken and said it was amazing. We started with fun unique cocktails. Our server was extremely friendly and super attentive which really made it a nice experience. Definitely share items or order one by one because the portions are enough to share.
5	Of course, since it's an Asian restaurant, I wasn't worried that they wouldn't have vegan options. Their website touts a kung pao vegan "chicken." I didn't see it on the menu, so instead of asking, because I was ravenous at the time, I ordered the kung pao tofu. I asked if it had vegetables. 'Red and green peppers.' I wanted more vegetables. He added broccoli to it for me! I love broccoli. There were a handful of other vegetarian options as well. This dish was VERY saucy, perhaps a little too saucy, but it was tasty.The dishes come with white rice. I asked for brown. It's not true brown rice. It must have been that 5% brown I've heard about. I almost couldn't tell the difference between the brown and the white rice that came with my boyfriend's chicken entree (which was much healthier than mine since it wasn't doused in sauce - but perhaps the cholesterol tradeoff evens that out).We went at a slow time in the afternoon on a Thursday. The hostess was kind. The waiters were very helpful and friendly. The decor was wonderful. The half eggshells on the walls, insides painted gold, make a nice reflection for the lights that fill the room. Very charming.
5	there should be space for 4.5 stars because this was excellent but not "as good as it gets". went here because i had a casino dining credit that I had to use. Wasnt expecting much but the food was delicious. The pepper steak was succulent pieces of steak cooked to perfection. The mapo tofu was about 8/10 delicious indeed. Service was prompt. Im a fan I can't wait for my next casino comp! really suprised anyone could give this less than 4 stars it really was a fantastic meal.
2	After my trip to China, I went here with the family for a graduation dinner celebration.  The place is modern and clean.  The place was empty.We got a bunch of entrees to share: Hong Kong Chow Mein, Tropical Fried Rice, Beef with Broccoli, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Wok-Fired Salmon with Thai Basil Sauce and Chicken with Mixed Veggies.  I liked the Salmon with Thai Basil Sauce - it was breaded and crispy fried and the sauce was good. Everything else tasted alright.  You can get better tasting food for much less in Chinatown.The desserts were pretty good.  We had the mango pudding - tasted like real mangoes instead of fake medicine-tasting garbage.  We also got the banana spring rolls with ice cream.I feel bad for the hostess wearing a cheong sam.  One passerby was like "you're not even Chinese! You're Mexican!"  Yup, this is faux Chinese/ faux Asian at its finest!
5	I am big fan of this restaurant. I feel bad that it does not get as many guest as it deserves.  It has a great service and a good selection with awesome hospitality.I stopped by for lunch and got two dishes for under $20 and the food came out quick.  The server was awesome and the ambiance was chill.FU in Chinese means good fortune for anyone who doesn't know that and it was good fortune for me.I got the lunch special Sweet and Sour Pork and the the lobster crab ragoon.  Both were yummy and I even had enough for left overs.dp
4	Maybe it was because we were starving but I highly doubt it. This place is quite empty but the food was really good! It is served family style. I HIGHLY recommend the garlic noodles and the Stir Fry Chicken with Eggplant and Basil. I am dreaming of that plate currently. Best I've had hands down! Chicken Fried Rice was good -- not too greasy and flavorful.
4	Love it!  Have been there twice so far and will go again. . .I hope it makes it because both times the place was empty.  It is my new favorite Chinese dining place. . .My husband loved it also and he is not a huge fan of Chinese food. . Service is good and so is atmosphere. . .We had the garlic noodles both times..I had Mongolian Beef and loved it.  It was mildly seasoned which I found appealing and the beef was as tender as I have ever had. . . Had that the second time as well!.  My husband had the Honey Walnut Shrimp and he was pleased.  We tried the General's chicken, it was good but not as good as the other dishes that we tried.  We also enjoyed vegetable egg rolls!
3	I dined here twice - the first time was a to go lunch bowl and we had a sit down dinner last night. My lunch bowl was spicy Kung pao chicken and I ate every bite of it.Last night we had vegetable spring rolls for an appetizer. Hubby chose the Kung pao chicken and I had shrimp and pork wonton soup with rice noodles.The portions were decent- hubby ate almost all of his entree and I finished about half of my soup (the bowl was pretty large).Refills on soda are not free - you will be charged.
5	The food was great and came out quick. Jarod was a great server and made the whole dinner amazing. Will come again next time we visit.
5	I am Chinese and I have been to almost every Chinese restaurant off the strip in Vegas and I had been to some high-end strip Chinese restaurant such as Jasmin. I have to say Fu is an unique Chinese American fusion culinary experience and it was worth every penny I paid. Like many Chinese, I was initially skeptical about over priced Chinese food. But boy was I glad I made the choice to come here.For a party of four, we ordered the miso sea bass wrap and the baby back pork rib. Both were outstanding. For main entrees, we had grilled beef tenderloin with Fu sauce, wok fried salmon with creamy Thai basil sauce, eggplant with pork, and garlic noodle. I was so impressed with the uniqueness of the sauce, and the perfect balance of tastes in each dish. For dessert, we ordered the mango pudding and the banana spring rolls with ice cream. That topped off an outstanding meal with great company.You cannot view Fu in the same category as your traditional Chinese restaurants. Fu epitomizes what a good Chinese fusion restaurant should be. It introduces new senses to the palate, and it boldly adds new flavors to some otherwise very simple dishes. It truly is worth the money
2	Kind of expensive, and so so service. The lettuce wraps tasted weird and weren't very good, the xo green beans were just okay for $13, and the shrimp tasted flavorless and fishy. No wonder it was pretty empty.
2	2 stars for the service n decor...If you want Chinese food, you could do better with any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. To do Fusion well, you first have to do authentic well. For the price you'd expect something more but no such (Fu) luck after dining here 2x...the food is just not very special.It might be because being in a hotel they are catering to the visitors and consistency do not matter much...too bad for us locals.
3	FU is a good restaurant in the same vein as Chin Chin's, P.F. Chang's and other mainstream Chinese restaurants that's not the hole in the wall down and dirty Chinatown styled nor the cheap steamtray  mall fare like Panda Express or even Pick Up Stix (which does cook to order).The service is good here.  The food, and I'm Cantonese, is good.  The prices and portions of course are high and low... smaller portions for higher rates compared to Chinatown area restaurants.  But keep in mind, this is in the Hard Rock.  This has a different ambient vibe. The food is authentic in that it's good food.  If you're craving Chinese food, this is a good place.  If you're taking a date to Chinese food, this is a good place that's not ghetto or down and dirty dining (the type of place you'd take your girlfriend of 10+ years you're now taking for granted or your wife and kids for eats).  This is a good "white folk friendly" Chinese restaurant, meaning some of the waitstaff are non-Asian and speak perfect English, any Asian women working here are not old  Mama-San's nor the FOB or China Doll types, but are mainstream young Asian Americans that non-Asians can relate to, and the place is very very very clean.  So, it's a really nice place to visit and has a positive and clean vibe to it.
5	This was one of the finest meals that I have EVER had in Las Vegas. The food is DELICIOUS! Presentations are splendid and the service is impeccable. The appetizers were amazing and we all thought that is WAS special, contrary to another review that I read. From the steamed shrimp dumplings to the barbecued  spare ribs, each appetizer was a great surprise and left us wanting to order more of the same!  This restaurant is a hidden little jewel tucked inside of The Hard Rock Hotel. MyPeking Duck was amazing---crispy skin and succulent meat delicately carved and served with tender pancakes and Hoisin sauce, shredded green onions and finely sliced greens.The portions are generous. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was out of this world. Although the wine list could improve, I can't wait to return to enjoy this brilliant chef's fare again and again. Thank You for a most spectacular dining experience!Dr. Jan Broberg Carter, Portland, Maine
4	Friendly courteous staff. Wait staff were attendant without hovering. Calamari appetizer was better than average and the Peking Duck was the best I've had outside of a Chinatown.  Very clean restaurant.  I recommend it highly, especially for food in a casino.
4	Went for the first time today and loved it. Will definitely go again soon and try out some more dishes.
5	Staff was awesome and very helpful - food was delicious and a great value compared to Nobu
5	family style dining. was great
4	I ordered the walnut shrimp and fried rice. It was delicious! The portion sizes are huge and I couldn't finish the meal. Great Asian dishes here!!
5	Not Ordinary Asian! This was among the BEST Asian food I have ever had in the Las Vegas area. Delicious from the Hot and Sour Soup to the Walnut Shrimp and Crab cakes in between. The food presentation was clean neat and crisp. Service was near the top but not many people there. I had an early dinner. Even the cheap desert was Mangolicious. My bill was $50 for one and while dining alone is not much fun I would do it again. OUTSTANDING SERVICE! Keep up the good work.
3	I was working at the Hard Rock Hotel for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there.The food at Fu is floating around the rankings of P.F. Chang's. Given the choice between the two, I would choose P.F. Chang's though.The Chinese horoscope themed drinks were good. They were strong for fruity concoctions.We ordered two types of edamame to snack on while we waited for out order to arrive. One regular with salt and one with a spicy seasoning. The spicy one was pretty good, not too spicy, but flavorful.We also had the crispy vegetable egg rolls. They were tasty and perfectly fried.For my main dishes I had the garlic green beans, garlic noodles, and the duck. They were all alright, they could have used a little more flavor. I would still order them all again as is though.The service was nice as well. Someone at our table didn't quite understand the complexities of the lazy Susan and ended up spilling a glass of water into my duck. They staff immediately cleaned it up and brought a new plate of duck.There are so many better options to eat at Vegas, but if you have to eat at the Hard Rock Hotel, Fu isn't too bad of an option.
3	It was completely dead in here the day we came in for an early dinner. Like, we were literally the only people in the restaurant.Service was excellent. Of course, how could it not be with no one else to wait on?The food was good. It seemed like standard fare Chinese food. Prices weren't that extravagant either.
4	Very fresh and well made Asian cuisine. I went with a classic Chinese dish, beef with broccoli and the broccoli was steamed well and was firm, not mush. The beef was tender and perfectly cooked.  Plus it wasn't swimming in sauce.  We hit it up during a very late lunch and there was only us and another table, so service was great.  Really nice setting. It was a good experience, I would recommend.
1	This place is nothing more than really Americanized and not so good Asian food.  Fusion--ha!  If you mix crap with crap you still have crap.I had the duck with plum sauce--greasy with mushy skin (should be crispy).  Plum sauce was essentially flavorless duck sauce (not sauce for duck, but that sweet apricot sauce that comes in those little packets).  Served with stale rice without any aromatics.  Heck, minute rice has more flavor.  If the food was even 1/2 as good as frozen Chinese food from my grocery store, then the price would still be too high.  Only plus was that our server was friendly.  Hard Rock--give this place a hard kick out of your casino!
4	Great staff , good food, very accommodating staff quick service.recommend when with a largeGroup ask just for a bunch of different dishes and wait to see what the restaurant brings you , we did and it was fun The hot and sour soap is very good.
5	Great great food, very friendly service, best prices in town. Highly recommended!!!!!!
5	Great asian fusion food. If you like asian food tho sis the real deal! hosting my party there, they can do set menus family styles for parties. very excited!
4	Slightly biased with prices since I can get it discounted - but nonetheless, I would still return.Usually when you enter, the restaurant is pretty empty but the quality of the food is there. Definitely similar to a PF Chang's (not that I've tried but from friends who have) and prices could be a little steep or standard for hotel dining. Lunch Specials, comes with soup, side or rice and couple pieces of Chinese Broccoli --- $9.99 I believe and I would recommend the General's Chicken(it's technically better Orange Chicken from Panda Express with more sauce and a bit more spicy flavor). Kung Pao Chicken and Mongolian Beef are also available. The Miso Glazed Sea Bass is also nomz -- a bit pricey, $27 but it is delicious. General's Chicken-- about $15-$17 for dinner, entree items are along this price range tooGarlic Noodles-- $9, very simple dish that comes with no veggies except chopped green onions... but it's absolutely one of my favesWonton Noodle Soup-- around $10 to $12, a bit pricer but pretty good - similar to ones at Chinese Noodle CafesSkip the HK style Fried Noodles, Beef Hor Fun, Spicy Sichuan Beef Noodle Soup and Potstickers thoughWill be back and would take friends here!
5	This place has amazing vegan options! The vegetables are perfectly cooked and awesome flavors and spices!!! Give it a try, hidden gem.
5	Ask for the vegetarian menu. Yummiest crispy tofu on the curry and veggies dish. Kung Pao vegan chicken too! Yummy cocktails. Hardly any smoke at lunchtime.
5	This place is pretty nice. The staff was very friendly. We ordered just a few sides. Crab cakes, rice, wontons and egg rolls. All very good! Prices are not bad for being in Vegas. Located in the hard rock hotel in the casino area. You can share this items with at least 2 people. The egg rolls and crab cakes come in 2. Food tasted fresh.
3	Beef chow fun, Salt and pepper pork, and the roast duck was delicious. I do not advise of the sweet and sour chicken and the calamari.
