2	This is Steinmart, and if you've never been its definietly an older clientele type shop. I went in there a few weeks ago on the hunt for my red dress for my birthday. I went all over town looking for the perfect red dress - and hit up this plaza w/ Burlington coat Factory (where i bought my Guess Stillettos for half off what I saw the same pair @ DSW), TJ Maxx (useless - ive never bought clothes from there, theyare there for a reason..) and Steinmart. I saw one dress that was nice but kinda overpriced for being at a Discount clothing store. It was $60.. but didnt look like it was all that. The jeans were also $60. hmm. i see a pattern. not much was under $60 - the clothing just seemed for a age group of 40 yrs and +. ok  maybe 55+.not that it sbad but I just dont think its my type of store. which is unfortunate, some stores are too young for me and stome are too old. . ah to be in the 30's
3	My friends and I were enticed by their sales banner and went in to give it a run through. The store is practically another Marshall's or Ross with the large range of goods that they sell. Some things more useful than others, but the same idea. The biggest shocker was that they practically sold the same stuff that JCPenney was and half off. The exact same Kenneth Cole Reaction watches were $40 dollars at the mall, but only $20 here. Although they were not the best quality of time pieces produced by this normally high end designer, it was still impressive to see.
5	As one who travels for a living, having a go-to, always reliable boutique you can trust is a must.  I found exactly what I needed (and a little something I didn't!).  This store was well laid out, the merchandise fresh and neat and it had an overall chrispness appreciated by anyone trying on clothes.  The styles were sharp and even the drastically marked down clothes looked good.  I've always found the prices lower than the big-box stores, often less than the discount chains as well. Virginia, Florida, Texas or Nevada....I've yet to have a Stein Mart disappointment me.  As they say: Once you go, you get it!.
4	Oh yes I love the Steinmart..Here is the deal, a lot of the clothing is what I would describe as well, older Real Estate Lady clothing.But do not let that stop you from taking a look around, you can get some really cool stuff in here, slacks, skirts, dresses, shoes, sweaters.. My advice don't wear them all together or you will have a recipe for looking 20 years older LOL!Their sales are pretty darn good too!Belts, scarves, jewelry, again not all at the same time please, unless you like that left my walker in the car look.The store is always clean and well organized, the sales staff is helpful and nice, the dressing rooms are a bit small, but you are trying on clothing not having lunch..
